oh it is
when you manya very t picasa with musk
la was watching the treaty luckily
broadcast unique discover Vania this
issue divisive sort of peer over this is
also etiquette off knock raspy voice
literally Day Parade maskers square
marking the 73rd anniversary of victory
in the Great Patriotic War
vodka Siddarth twin a flock resistivity
is namib Parvati Mira just reaches
flavor Naga
Alexandra CNA right now we're in the
slowest ship with a unified Nicola
Sturgeon count on me harlot my journey
resurgent Alexeev okay of the owner
guard battalion
preobrazhensky independent Commandant's
regiment carry the state flag of the
Russian Federation and the victory
banner into Red Square the color guard
Cruiser led by major Maxime allaha and
captain Alexei Luke lenka
you know justice never knew
the military parade will be reviewed by
general Odierno Sergei shoigu commander
of the parade is Colonel general
surgical
karate voice comescus covergirl rizona
Jap errata was the nominee industry
together sharif ability the rig are you
still away Nia was thrown a come on to
see parada general Falcone sorry PO
the defense minister and the great
commander start reviewing the troops
they dress the units and wish them happy
Victory Day they start by approaching
the army formation
the defense minister greets to the
troops and wishes them a happy Victory
Day
over 13,000 servicemen are participating
in the Victory Day parade the parade
will also feature armored vehicles and
aircraft
Rush's aerospace forces have
demonstrated their efficiency in
fighting international terrorism in
recent years
the defense minister is greeting the
formations of the Ministry of
emergencies and of the Western military
district over the past year the Russian
Armed Forces have received over 3,500
new models of cutting-edge weaponry
including over 400 armored vehicles 100
aircraft and 19 Navy vessels the offense
Minister is creating the formations of
the Russian Navy Russian airborne troops
in Russian strategic missile forces
Russian servicemen keep perfecting their
skills and mastering new models of
weaponry they're demonstrating to the
whole world that they're ready to defend
their nation at all times
the defense minister is now greeting the
Navy regiment and the cadets OB saguaro
the Academy
the Defense Ministry has created the
parade formations of the Army Navy Air
Berlin troops Western military district
strategic missile forces railway troops
and nuclear biological and chemical
protection trips as well as the parade
formations of the National Guard
Ministry of emergencies Federal Security
Service and the cadets of saguaro and
Nakajima academies
the inspection by the defense ministry
general of the onion said against sugar
is over you know heads to the central
standard to report to president vladimir
putin commander-in-chief of the Russian
armed forces
Cameroon Supreme commander-in-chief of
the Armed Forces of the Russian
Federation the troops of the Moscow
garrison are ready for the Victory Day
Parade
defense minister show you recording
was the citizens of Russia dear veterans
soldiers and sailors surgeons and
Anson's Army and Navy officers generals
and admirals happy Victory Day this is a
holiday that has always been and will
always be the most sacred holiday to
every family to our entire grade country
this is holiday that makes our entire
nation proud and will always be
remembered 73 years ago the Great
Patriotic War and the Nazism was
defeated put an end to it cruelty and
barbarity we defeated the criminal plans
of world superiority the defeat of
Nazism was a real triumph this
long-awaited word made its way around
the planet and all the nations realized
that it was the soviet union that
determined the outcome of World War two
it was our soldiers our people who
achieved this victory by offering
sacrifice they defended the freedom and
independence of their country showing
unparalleled courage on the front lines
and on the home front today what those
soldiers did is sometimes forgotten or
distorted the real heroes have been
forgotten and history is being rewritten
we will never allow this to happen
it is our duty to preserve the memory of
the dollar of soldiers who gave their
lives for others all of our soldiers
those who fought on the second front
what other countries did members of the
anti-hitler coalition we will always be
proud that you Soviet people did not
back down while some other countries
prefer to capitulate were hypocritical
and collaborated with the Nazis our
people fought hard no other country in
the world faced an invasion like that
millions of people thousands of
factories under fire and immediately
those factories started manufacturing
armor and hardware for the troops
they seemed impossible but people worked
selflessly women and children they
worked for their own motherland they
worked for the victory for those who
defended the country and their families
can measure yi-dao air of our soldiers
and marshals they fought hard and every
spot was part of their motherland every
little piece of land they treated is the
most important one can achieve decisive
victories in Moscow and Stalingrad and
Kursk and on the Dnieper River the
Leningrad blockade we liberated the
capitals of Europe and eventually took
Berlin all of that did not matter which
ethnic group or religion he belong to
you where you used to live came from
all your soldiers had just one
motherland
they all fought to the bitter end to the
last drop of their blood
you may not know the generations it's
the mystery of courage every family has
its own heroes and they continue living
today as part of the memorial regiment
we bow our hands to cherish the memory
of all those who did not return from the
war we remember our sons daughters
fathers mothers grandfathers husbands
wives brothers sisters family members
and friends we mourn the veterans who
are no longer with us ask for a minute
of silence
there are giedrius yeah friends when in
June 1941 war came to every family it
separated husbands and wives some of
them forever
hit left hundreds of thousands of
children without parents destroyed the
hopes and plans turned cities and dodges
to ashes more is always a challenge to
life all the best things in life we
remember the tragedies of two world wars
can remember the lessons of history this
is what keeps us from becoming the line
you see new threats but behind them we
see all features of selfishness
nationalism and exceptionalism we
understand how serious those threats are
the entire mankind has to realize that
the world that peace is very fragile we
all should give each other respect each
other
Russia is open to dialogue on all
different matters of global security we
are ready for a constructive and equal
partnership for the sake of peace and
stability on the planet their variance
our gratitude to you this is what our
hearts cry out of God to honor you will
have this military parade your life
burned by war is a role model for all
the generations we admire your
dedication to the motherland it is a
great honor for us to be in your
descendants we realize how great these
responsibilities is we will never let
you down we are proud of what you have
accomplished
and this is what makes us stronger today
we have a new generation of victories
marching through Russia's main square we
will always remain faithful to your
traditions we will contain
working hard being successful for
Russia's prosperity and greatness the
light of your victories your courage
will make us stronger happy Victory Day
hoorah
pila resistant Omashu Batallion the
world anew distantly Yuri battalion 3
Yama a Stoli
nah oh no play
I am nipa parade commander Colonel
general Alex I'tikaf leads the parade
traditionally all military parades in
Red Square are open by the drummer II
squad of the color of Moscow military
musical college which sets the marching
rhythm before the parade the parade
drummers squad is led by college
principal kind of Alexander gear ASIMO
the collar guard detachments march
across Red Square carrying the state
flag of the Russian Federation the
victory banner the color guard
detachments are accompanied by the owner
guards of the army the Navy and the
aerospace forces
here come the youngest participants in
the parade the parade formation of the
support of military college led by
Colonel eageriy team of tens of
thousands of in support of military
college graduates are grateful their
college years which taught them the
values of the officers honor bravery and
courage these are the cadets of the
parent support of Military College
Russia's oldest saguaro Military College
even over 80 75 years of its existence
the universe what a college has produced
over 16,000 decks for information he's
led by college principal Colonel
Vladimir aha next we see the parade
formation of the Sevastopol naheem of
Naval College led by Rear Admiral
Alexander Popov and then a king of
college cadets are attaining traditions
prominent Russian Admirals which are
called Lazarev karnilla and Astana
joining the parade is the formation of
the Moscow National Guard presidential
cadet College led by College principal
colonel nikolai period pitcher parade
formation of the new Narnia young army
featuring movement
by the TV's default the general staff of
the movement Olympic champion metering
turning Paula Dean Army is currently
present in all the different regions of
Russia bringing together thousands of
boys and girls square Wilkins combined
on the regiment of the Russian Armed
Forces first in line with our cadets and
officers of the new combined army Luke
Adam II led by the Academy principal
Lieutenant General Alex save update 2018
marks the 100th anniversary of the
Academy the Academy graduates have
always been holding key commanding
positions during World War two 24
Academy graduates serve as commanders 83
of armies the Academy has been awarded
with four military decorations of the
military University of the Russian
defence ministry by the University
superintendent major-general you get it
the University will soon celebrate its
100th anniversary for the first time
joining the parade our deformations of
the marshal Vasilevsky air defense
Academy by Academy principal Lieutenant
General lab area during fifty-seven
Academy graduates who were awarded the
title of hero of the Soviet Union today
the Academy produces their defense
specialists for different branches of
the armed forces followed by the parade
formation of the fruit of military
logistics Academy led by its principal
lieutenant general on the top logistics
specialists capable of performing there
is military and humanitarian technicians
joining the parade is the Tchaikovsky
and Gagarin Air Force Academy
representing Russian aerospace forces
led by Academy principal lieutenant
general de nada
zebra Academy is the training centers
for air force pilots there are traffic
controllers military meteorologists
electronic warfare specialists hundreds
of the Academy graduates have been
awarded the title of hero of the soviet
union and of the russian federation
the parade formation of the Magi scheme
military space Academy is glad they buy
Academy principles from major-general
Maxime then called this is one of the
oldest military academies in Russia
producing space security specialists
marching across Red Square is the
combined Navy regiment we combined the
parade formation about the admiral
ushakov Baltic Naval Academy and of the
naval Polytechnic Institute is led by
Rear Admiral yeah I just love Sydney
these are future engineer officers of
the Russian Navy information of the
Nahum of Black Sea Fleet Naval Academy
is led by Rear Admiral Alexander green
kitty over 200 of the Academy graduates
became Admirals three of Russia's fleets
and the Caspian flotilla are commanded
by the Academy graduates joining the
parade is the 330 62 the guards the last
of the naval infantry brigade led by
Colonel of the guards and Ray LaHood
Kinmen Marines of the dualist of Brigade
have been awarded the title of hero of
the soviet union and off the russian
federation the 61st jerkiness naval
infantry brigade is led by Colonel Kira
in coolin 2018 marks the 75th
anniversary of the brigade
ten Marines of the calcaneus brigade
have been awarded the title of hero of
the russian federation since World War
two the brigades mother has been
wherever we go there is victory
you know can banter a formation of the
defense ministers military University
the involves two military logistics
Academy and the vadhana Military Academy
of the Signal Corps is led by Colonel
police Ibuka you can tip in the Deaf
alone a graduate of these Military
Academy service military interpreters
communication specialists logistics
specialists and financial experts
combined parade formation of theater the
great military academy and what's circle
hub branch is led by principals
lieutenant general sergei cedar and
colonel Andre Moreau strategic missile
forces Academy produces operators
already knows that danced missile
defense systems including yours
it's are not missiles
today's the sensitivity in them he was
of particular like each them for your
new children's of the union's just on it
and ICCB girls
the information of the general Markel
authorities an airborne forces military
academy led by Major General alex ear
the Academy is celebrating its
centennial 331st
guards parachute customer regiment was
led by hero of Russia
Colonel led American sailor girl of
stuff the regiment has successfully
completed a number of special
peacekeeping missions and has been
awarded the title shopkin regiment for
the first time in joining the parade is
a formation of the military police of
the Armed Forces of the Russian
Federation led by Colonel said go get em
today
military police units carry out of
combat and special missions as well as
help maintain law and order and ensure
safety of the civilian population in a
Syrian Arab Republic
marshal Timoshenko military academy of
radiation chemical and biological
protection he's led by academy
superintendent major-general you got a
million of marks in January revolution
of chemical and biological protection
troops in Russia joining the parade is
the 38th independent railway Brigade led
by Colonel you go to railway truth
perform their duties with accidents
during of the Great Patriotic War and
reconstruction hopefully like a formal
remaining mainline railways today
military railway troops continue making
their valuable contribution to the
development of the nationwide transport
system the parade formation of the
Ministry of Emergency Situations is led
by civil defense Academy superintendent
major-general Victor puncheon called
troops of the Emergencies Ministry on
duty 24/7 ready to carry out search and
rescue operations whenever necessary
both in Russia and abroad
lastly blue she did parade your
formation of the schinsky independent
division of the National Guard of the
Russian Federation is led by Major
General me tree cheer upon aboard the
division units maintain defense lines of
the city of Moscow and in the Caucasus
the National Guard's motor is always on
guard for the first time joining the
parade is a formation of the National
Guard set out of Military Institute by
its superintendent major-general Sir gay
mafia the Institute has been awarded the
order of the red banner and the order of
Zukhov nation of the Moscow border guard
Institute of the Federal Security
Service led by Institute superintendent
Major General Larry cause Lobby
this year marks the centennial of the
foundation of the border guard troops in
Russia the Western military district is
represented on red square by the Moscow
garrison parade formation of the Timon
guards by division commander Colonel
Bailey the new teaching the team on
division was one of the first to be
awarded the title of the guards division
for its courage and valor and division
has produced over 40 years of the Soviet
Union and full Cavaliers of the order of
glory
the parade formation of the legendary
EURion drop of forth consumer obscure
guards tank division is led by Colonel
sad during the war the division produced
57 heroes of the soviet union dozens of
thousands of its troops who are awarded
waters and medals for their dollar the
division has 23 military medals for
successful combat operations to date
soldiers and officers continued
maintaining the divisions exceptional
high standards of service
per a donation of the 27th independent
guards motor rifle brigade is led by
brigade commander Lieutenant Colonel
Alexander flood Sanka four years ago
the brigade was part of the successful
offensive operation in premier that led
to the liberation of the city of
Sevastopol the brigade was given the
title of Sevastopol brigade
the Moscow by a military command school
so-called Kremlin cadets are the last to
march to red square in this part of the
parade they are laid by the principal
major general Alexander Novak in the
school has produced over 700 generals
and marshals more than a hundred of its
alumni went on to become heroes of the
Soviet Union mirrors of Russia
why any music on t as supernatural dan
is now Red Square to give room to the
armored column dispute this is you
mister the combined military band of the
Moscow garrison provides a musical
accompaniment for the parade you know
Timothy when I acting in the orchestra
during the Victory Day Parade the
military then performs more than 40
years ago pieces were selected to suit
every branch of the Armed Forces guards
units and units that were awarded with
battle honors for successful operations
during the Great Patriotic War this part
of the parade is opened by the legendary
t-34 tank under the command of Captain
eat riba Janka the tank is accompanied
by military vehicles carrying the colors
of the tent fronts of the Great
Patriotic War
the first to appear - nigger amber
Karbala and Cornett anti-tank modules
the column is led by captain Denis
abandon ship
next we see typhoon king multi-purpose
honored personnel carriers and tiger am
armed into the evil self defense
ministries military police units the
comments led by captain acidification
the armored vehicles have proven to be a
reliable support to the military police
during humanitarian and special
operation missions in Serena's
information of infantry fighting
vehicles that provided the fire cover
for motorized infantry units is now in
Red Square the he's led by major eagerly
Sebastopol guards moderate who begin
presents the new generation of armored
personnel carriers the crew garnets 25
the APCs and the BMP three infantry
fighting vehicles
this is the great formation of second
guards dumansky modern rifle division
learned by nature already moment of the
column features the current generation
of Armada a 2-14 tank t-72b3 main battle
tanks and the Terminator tank support
combat vehicles
bruschetta classmate blue she didn't but
I could eat but attached to receive the
grade from this you know guards Tula
Airborne Division led by major designer
machete Coburn division uzuki butter is
a rapidly deployable force with the
capacity to collect deep penetration in
missions an airdrop both manned and
unmanned honored vehicles artillery
formation is represented by the 147th
simple artillery regiment teachers call
it said artillery systems two millimeter
self-propelled started has college
search the Cullen is led by Lieutenant
Colonel Michael come aboard this
artillery systems major quick precise
and effective destruction some of the
most remote of targets
nagra's leave OCD division forgiveness
conflicts up is the Iskandar and of
yourself system division 12 guards know
what Isis to lease out Brigade and the
multiple rocket launchers merge division
of the 79 guards rocket artillery
brigade enter a red square by Lieutenant
Colonel Nikolai is ballsy unique
capabilities of yourself systems your
high precision and high long-range
strikes forces the 4th guards continue
to scale tank division by major those
newcomers Red Square or big mu2 missile
systems and for the first time in the
history of the parade tour and feared
anti-aircraft system that a part of my
ongoing military operation in the Syrian
Arab Republic in a boy oh boy
nagra's Lila she did the pollination of
the mobile air defense systems safeguard
the airspace of the Russian Arctic the
Torah the famteam DT all-terrain
anti-aircraft missile systems TTM
military snow mobiles the comments led
by Lieutenant Colonel who did not render
of the aerospace forces of the Russian
Federation are represented by the 799
anti-aircraft rocket regiment the
concept s air defense systems developed
by the to today's humans similar design
bureau have had a highest success rate
in air defense missions in the Syrian
Arab Republic
McGrath with bushy collection for 200
triumph by major Andre chicken and
recipient a way we fertility complex
STDs
no foreign air defense system has been
able to match the capabilities of the
s400 it is capable of this join not only
all existing you're a space in fact
weapons also newer generations weapons
that are still under development on red
square 60 mine clearing Roberts Quran
nine fire support unmanned ground
vehicle for sir and Catrin unmanned
aerial vehicles are displayed the system
has been successfully tested
variety of ability for the first time
joining the parade is no Carlmont column
of the Russian national guard especially
patrol euro farmer de tous the countess
read by captain buddies upon us armored
vehicles are used in operations
performed by Russian Special Forces in
any climate for any type of weather
yours missile launchers of the 54th
guards rocket division of this strategic
missile forces company by dark forces
but a tiger in the picture armoured
because is led by lieutenant colonel
except easily
yes all brigades equipped with it yars
systems form the core of Russia's mobile
nuclear forces bomber and armored
personnel carrier and the procession of
military equipment carrying flags from
the different branches of the Russian
Armed Forces
but tonight I get a chest but on to the
flyover of the Russian aerospace forces
see more than the aircraft you fly over
begins with you know mi-26 helicopter
capable of lifting up to 20 Newtons
accompanied by four mi-8 multi-purpose
helicopters the group is flying 15 years
at the speed of 200 km/h the Birkins
aerobatic demonstration team is
supplying
mi-28 and behave of helicopters over Red
Square led by Lieutenant Colonel Edward
cause that you can now see come of k52
alligator attack helicopters the
formation is left like an imbecilic
leash modernized MIL mi-24 the P attack
helicopters led by Lieutenant Colonel
silky B sit up next a military chance of
the Russian air space force flying at an
altitude of 300 to 500 meters the
velocity of 500 km/h one to play tu-160
long-range strategic bombers and four
tu-22m3 supersonic strategic bombers
flies over red square formation is led
by lieutenant colonel father Ludacris
bringing a great evolution file of 76 mg
heavy strategic airlifter x' supplying a
red square led by Lieutenant Colonel
said gave a loss to a group of three
tupolev tu-95 MS to prompt our strategic
bombers the leading pilot is lieutenant
colonel sergei
Aleen
here to air review and you love
strategic bombers to perform combat
missions thousands of kilometers away
from here air bases in the two aircraft
are dangerous at the adoption curve and
Lieutenant Colonel I'm Jenny :
here comes a group of pouring 31 SMT
lightweight the group is led by
Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Cassio
thus a group of four sukhoi su-34
tactical bombers led by Lieutenant
Colonel then using channel card but the
engine
by Nebraska where I can see group anyway
on week 31 supersonic long-range
interceptor aircraft group is led by
nature unique a little early days you
have Slovenian Sukhoi su-34 bombers led
by Nature VT apparent
Maxton simply a BCP RSU 57 that's
multi-purpose with generations Jena
fighters those things
supermaneuverability at a high lofty
forces leading the group is test pilot
that assad Sabarsky su-34 bombers and
su-30 and su-35s fighter jets led by
lieutenant colonel get man on aha
next we see the pride of Russian
aviation the Russian Knights and Swift's
aerobatic teams myung-su 30s Sam and
Nico 29 SMT fighter jets the group is
led by Colonel Andrey Alexeevich you 25
attack aircraft passing over Red Square
the red white and a leave an exemplar of
the Russian Federation is seen flying
behind them the leader of the group is
Colonel Alexander at corto
for the first time we see over Moscow a
pair of upgraded 31k fighter jets are in
focus in the shell hypersonic agree so
funny what's the effect the formation is
led by Karen cbshe
ending the parade is the informants
about them of the 54th preobrazhenskiy
regiment the cadets of the valeri a
little mascot of military college
musicians of the Moscow garrison
military Dan
but news
the combined military band leads a red
square to continue much
cybercriminals farewell the parade is
over
glory to the veterans of the Great
Patriotic War
hoorah 73rd anniversary of the great
victory Bharat
it wasn't sitting with us
until acquiring the political world flow
I shall require extra mass all of our
company
was getting much possible brilliant okay
chernogorsk opposition is therefore no
combination agenda captions can work a
gimmick in your own little knot of year
avaricious porn ago and commendation HL
equal and you sitting around me shooting
OS your : accommodation is technically
an aggregator of those nagira
the original format won't collapse
actually an acquaintance Academy
transcripts going to speech holy sweet
holding on the commandos la clé
Cuernavaca JB most of the custom is
concealed is now computed zero is going
to pull the global coalition by an
acquaintance mr. can get on more people
the Schoeneck video or when most
confetti majority can graduate from
college girl sitting the variations
Padma common accommodation a scenic sure
Dom Bosco voiceover animals cohort in
across this is to achieve any policy
formation a chemo contact neural drink
is
original folder gonna come on Russia
come and you've twisted instances to
agenda gorgeously the last Oscar De La
Soul Oh Alexandra news regarding ones
could be food about this no for default
pony positive stress were not a militia
commander Shapiro again a turkey Mexican
America they must go people to say no
water
we're makin a mess
gosh
very strong recommendation agenda crane
Academy forgive me question you know the
answer you therefore not on a commercial
angelic philadelphia neck that the
American West educational machine a
public knowledge
or is republic revolution is performing
on common issue mechanic academically
shitty chest I see Jeremiah functional
traders all right
how are you supposed loaded Amanda she
actually saw us go
there is beautiful manila go initial
mention it must go Skokomish news
this is on the bottom of the sea come on
disappearing what is it
then where is your cool negligence or
what were these khatam asked about super
would you be supporting is a scenario
that is fearful of academia Spanish it
escalates to the core discontinuous
between equality powerful driver once it
was a very sleep on the ground
accommodation they share the message
across a lot of undocumented mechanism
coverage of the popular folk rajala
right
you
