man who revealed the use of torture in
the agency and was jailed following
those revelations former CIA operations
officer and whistleblower John Kiriakou
is a pleasure to have you on appreciate
your time very much and I'm sure you've
got some some strong thoughts on Gena
Haspel as a as the person put forward to
be the director how do you feel about
her I think she's probably the single
worst pick in all of Washington DC I
applaud the president's decision to name
a woman I think after seventy years of
leadership by white men it's time for a
woman to head to CIA just not this woman
Donald Trump's praise Gina has before
being as he says it tough on terrorism
what would you say to those people who
are convinced by the argument that you
cannot be too tough on terrorism well
you know this this was a silly tweet by
the president everybody is tough on
terrorism all of us at the CIA were
tough on terrorism that doesn't mean
that you have to ignore the Constitution
of the United States and to ignore
international law to prove that you're
tough that's that was just nonsensical
Amnesty International have been several
US senators as well they've been opposed
publicly to the apartment of fastball
unless their involvement in the torture
program is Declassified and investigate
I think the bottom line is here there
are a lot of suspicions about Haspel and
not enough is known publicly about it
will that ever happen will that
information become public I don't think
so the CIA delivered two cases of
classified documents to the Senate
Intelligence Committee yesterday and I
suspect that for most senators that's
going to be good enough we also have to
remember that there are five Democrats
in the Senate seeking re-election in
states that Donald Trump won in 2016
they are probably predisposed to vote
YES on Haspel so I think that
declassification are not she's probably
going to win this thing so despite the
the the the reluctance from some people
and there are a large group of people
who wouldn't want her there do you think
there's a chance she might know
be confirmed or is this a done deal no
it's it's not a done deal you know I've
been trying to read everything I can
read today just to try to glean what
senators are saying what and at the end
of the day I think it's going to be very
close probably within a vote or two
there's a handful of senators who we
just can't quite peg we really truly
don't know how they're gonna vote and in
many of those cases I think probably
they don't know yet how they're going to
vote so it depends on what people like
Claire McCaskill do she's the senator
from Missouri Joe Donnelly a senator
from Indiana Joe Manchin who's a senator
from West Virginia we we will get a
better sense of whether or not Haskell
wins based on what those senators say
tomorrow during and after the hearing
you mentioned at the beginning of the
interview you applauded the fact that
this was a female nominee the White
House have accused the Democrats of
hypocrisy over the fact that they
support women's empowerment yet they
oppose hospitals nomination do you think
the scandal the allegations would have
been dealt with differently if this had
been a man who'd been proposed oh no no
not at all I for one have been very
tough on Gina Haskell I know Gina has
well personally I worked for Gina Haspel
I don't care if Gina Hass was a man or a
woman or a combination of the two she's
not right for this job John greatly
appreciate your time thanks so much
former CIA operations officer
whistleblower John Kiriakou my guest
