Israeli airstrikes reported to have
occurred near the capital of Syria
Syrian officials said two missiles were
shot down in kids way south of Damascus
now this took place just an hour after
Donald Trump announced that the US was
withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal
Israel claims that Iran was planning an
imminent attack from Syria in the north
of Israel local journalist from Damascus
Mohamed Ali told us more about the
current situation the only official news
we have is from the Syrian army command
which confirmed that yes there was an
Israeli attack and that the syrian air
defense system was able to repel that
attack and shoot their own two missiles
that targeted targeted al kiswa area no
other reactions from local officials and
the reports on the ground
suggest that there were no casualties
because if we look at what the Syrian
army said it said that it chopped down
the only two Israeli missiles that were
fired at that area and this way meaning
that there it could be true that there
were no casualties on the ground
previously there were several similar
attacks and of course this attack comes
shortly after Israel announced it
believed that Iran is planning to attack
Israel
from Syria okay just to recap reports
coming from Syria say that explosions
were heard in the south of Damascus it
comes after the Israeli army announced
it believed Iran was about to carry out
an imminent attack from Syria for its
part Syria reported Israeli Jets entered
the country's airspace also earlier on
Tuesday President Trump said the US
would pull out of the Iran nuclear deal
let's cross live now to Israeli
journalists jailed Shir joins us on the
line to give us perspective from that
part of the world yeah what kind of
information now is coming out of Israel
on this story yes just minutes after
Trump's speech today in which he
declared that the US would be
withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal
of 2015 it's really gun per pair and has
lined up missile defenses on the Golan
border with Syria there have been a few
unusual sightings in Syria and the IDF
has been put on maximum alert there have
been loud explosions just south of the
Syrian capital of Damascus
there is also a concern of an Iranian
strike into Israel to retaliate for two
things first of course the declaration
today for the withdrawal of the nuclear
deal as well as the strike on the t4
airbase last month which killed 14
people including senior Iranian
officials so tensions continue between
the countries I just wondered what's the
the opinion in Israel of the u.s.
pulling out of the Iran nuclear deal is
there a lot of public support for that
there is a lot of public support and
seems like the IDF is now also on high
alert they've ordered public bomb
shelters in the northern regions to open
including the Golan Heights Tiberias
spot and the Galilee and they've
actually actually issued a statement
that said quote the IDF has decided to
change the civilian protection
instructions in the Golan Heights and
instructs local authorities to unlock
and ready shelters in the area so it
looks like they're on high alert
also all script school trips in the area
have been canceled by the Education
Ministry up to the Golan many thanks
Hales share Israeli journalists bring us
the very latest information there thank
you
