I had a good New Year celebration polina
bait flatbread I love potato peelings a
bog wood Kelly and we cooked jelly from
him in the evening we went to the
theater but wasn't comfortable it was
just as cold inside as it was outside
and the audience was covered in frost
the temperature was minus 35 degrees
today's the new year what it hasn't
stored for us is a mystery this is the
first time we have celebrated the New
Year like this we didn't even have a
crumb of bread and instead of having fun
around the Christmas tree we were
sleeping because there was nothing to me
On January the 1st 1942 we were given
tickets to the theater they sounded the
alarm several times during the play the
performance was stopped and we went down
into the bomb shelter after the play the
tables were set each of us was given a
small cutlet with buckwheat
in a few hours the new year will be here
after having some hot water with a slice
of bread everyone in the household has
gone to their rooms laying in bed I was
thinking of being new here preparations
before the moon we were hanging
colorfully wrapped chocolate and a
Christmas tree along with toys suddenly
I remembered the big long track like
sweets had been capped the dead of their
bright wrapping we had been hanging them
on the tree for the last two or three
years and I've realised that this
treasure is lying in a box with some
toys swimmy hooray I jumped out of bed
telling the lamb track the books from
the cobble and get the precious sweets
all 15 of them
you
