thousands in New York have taken part in
a so-called immortal regiment March
commemorating those who perished in
World War two but for two of the
participants it was a special occasion
that looked to the future as well
well for the happy couple Rob and Tricia
the immortal regiment Marg is actually
what United them rob has been taking
part in the event for ten years while
Trisha has been helping him with his a
related historical research they were
both inspired by the heroic deeds of
Soviet soldiers and are part of the
hundred and 93rd Rifle Division
reenactment group and we caught up with
a couple who told us more about what
brought them together
I wanted it to be really something
memorable it was an important event
something that Tricia and I really think
is very important to be a participate in
I wasn't expecting it what had happened
oh he completely caught me off guard it
was great because you know given stated
the Marches something that we both feel
very strongly about it's definitely
something that will live on forever
when we go to what's called a living
history event where regular people will
come out to our shows a lot of them will
ask me why I am portraying the bad guys
of the war and then I have to explain to
them how the Soviet Union was not an
axis power in World War two so what this
tells me is that most people is here
they don't remember or they were never
taught their history that the Soviet
Union was not an enemy in World War two
and not until the beginning of the Cold
War did our two nations to come rivals
I mean I portray the women in World War
two and Russia that thought and that's
that's not something that we know here
that's actually how I ended up getting
into my hobbies because I found out that
over 800,000 women fought and it wasn't
just you know working in factories with
tanker crews snipers they were
everywhere and it helps to be able to
kind of bring that light and help
somebody realize you know there's more
to the story than what then what we know
it helps kind of educate and give you
other ways to kind of view everything
that happened - stay tuned for our
special coverage of the Victory Day
celebrations in about 24 hours and then
some marking the 73rd anniversary of the
Soviet victory over Nazi Germany in the
Great Patriotic War
you
you
