it's been revealed that the US National
Security Agency collected over 500
million phone records of US citizens
last year that's over triple the number
of 2016 that is despite a new law
limiting the spy agency's powers the
u.s. Freedom Act bans the bulk
collection of phone records and internet
metadata whilst also limiting government
data collection to what is quote
reasonably practicable it does however
permit the gathering of phone and text
logs when a link to terrorism is proven
the recent increase in records collected
comes in stark contrast to the concerns
expressed last year by President Donald
Trump I think that is a very big
surveillance of our citizens I think
that's a very big topic and it's a topic
that should be number one and we should
find out what the hell is going on in
its mission statement the NSA upholds a
commitment to protecting the privacy
rights of American citizens but also
highlights the need for accountability
when pursuing intelligence gathering
but the NSA's recent actions have raised
concern among privacy advocates a Dan
Cavalli believed that the spy agency has
done little to scale back its spying
operations even after being exposed by
various whistleblowers what was revealed
by Edward Snowden the mass surveillance
that he uncovered and exposed my guess
is it never stopped happening and that
it's continuing to today and I you know
most Americans who are self-aware should
assume that they're being monitored most
of the time the US government said are
about national security
rarely have anything to do with the
security of you know ordinary citizens
like myself and everything to do with
the security of corporations to make a
lot of profit I think the you know it
begs the question as to whether we're
being monitored in order to stifle
political dissent and I think that is
what I believe this is about and I think
it's a great concern in a country that
claims to be a democracy and claims to
be free
you
