the British Foreign Secretary is making
last-minute efforts to persuade Donald
Trump to stick to the Iranian nuclear
deal Boris Johnson is currently on a
two-day visit to Washington where he
will meet with senior Trump officials
Arty's Jacqueline Verger takes a closer
look at Europe's efforts to change
Trump's mind
Trump's apparent intention of dropping
the Iran nuclear deal later this week
has sent the international community
into overdrive
there are now two competing influence
campaigns playing out keep it and kill
it seemingly testing out the theory
third time's a charm the British Foreign
Secretary Boris Johnson is in Washington
and a last-ditch effort to save the pack
from Trump's wrath that's after the
leaders of France and Germany had no
luck whatsoever
he is endemic we believe it's better to
have this agreement even if it's not
perfect than to have no agreement
the Iran deal is not sufficient to see
that Iran's ambitions are curbed and
contained it is most important to
recognize that Iran through its
ballistic missile program is trying to
exert geopolitical influence in Syria
and Lebanon solid a solid robust
verifiable agreement that guarantees
that Iran will not acquire nuclear
weapons to denounce it without proposing
anything else would be a serious mistake
not respecting it would be irresponsible
Hanyu we should acknowledge that the
current agreement doesn't allow us to
address only the issues among the things
not covered by the Iran nuclear deal is
Iran's activity in the region despite
going in with iron resolve both Loughran
and Merkel ended up looking like they
were just trying to pander to the u.s.
leader and although Boris is set to meet
with Trump's vice president and his
hawkish new national security adviser
those two will likely try to browbeat
Johnson into accepting this is a bad and
doomed deal I don't see that there's any
prospect of a real fix to this deal I
think the deal is inherently flawed I
think it's a strategic debacle for the
United States the Iran nuclear deal is a
disaster in the United States of America
will no longer certify this
ill-conceived agreement
the only hope France Germany and the UK
seemed to have is to push for a
compromise with Trump simply tweaking
the existing agreement but perhaps we're
not seeing the whole picture here maybe
the problem for America actually goes
deeper than this one pact we've got a
president who's tough a president who
doesn't listen to the people who are
naysayers and a president that is as
committed to regime change as we are
meanwhile pushing the White House to
abandon the agreement is the Israeli
prime minister whose country isn't a
signatory Netanyahu just last week gave
a pretty dramatic PowerPoint
presentation on Iran's secret nuclear
program which turned out to be both not
secret and non-existent still be bees
flying to Moscow in the coming days to
try and get his message across to
President Putin the Kremlin has been
clear on its stance however we are going
to support the deal concluded with the
previous US administration so with both
sides battling it out everything for now
is still up in the air this deal took
years of exhaustive negotiations to
reach and surely none of that included
worrying about what the next guy in the
White House thought but if one naysayer
is all it takes to bring them down maybe
it sends the message that all landmark
international agreements should be
structured to only last for one
presidential cycle it shows that the
United States foreign policy is not
based on responsibility but it's based
on
force the UN has no place other world
powers are not given enough room to play
as major actors in the u.s. foreign
policy and this shows major failure for
diplomacy in resolving global issues
like nuclear problem that's the main
message of the kind of policy that has
been adopted by Donald Trump
you
