- leading Russian footballers and being
investigated after a high-ranking
government official was apparently
attacked in a cafe and another man
allegedly assaulted in the streets now
both incidents in the Russian capital
took place just about within two hours
of each other and both victims were
taken to hospital and let's get more on
our sports correspondent Alexei a chef
ski here with me it's obviously been the
main headline in the country probably
certain in sports headlines since this
morning not looking very good for these
two footballers is it absolutely I mean
when I looked at those videos I thought
somebody was trying to reenact the grand
theft auto computer game in the streets
of Moscow but then it happened to be not
just two footballers two star
footballers now one of them Alexander
Gordon is the leading strike in Zenit
Saint Petersburg he actually scored a
winner in the Europa League just a
fortnight ago the others Pavel mama from
Krasnodar both used to play for the
Russian national team up until 2016
kokorin missed the World Cup too due to
an injury but he was still considered as
one of the top strikers now they went
out in the streets while khabib
nurmagomedov was fighting his
controversial MMA clash with Conor
McGregor in Las Vegas at the same time
they were in a strip club they went out
of the strip club for some reason
clashed with a man in the street who
happened to be a personal driver of a TV
host in Russia now this man reportedly
is in intensive care with a with a brain
injury with a head injury and we'll get
more updates on his condition later I
assume so they did not stop there after
that brawl and we can see the video the
man in the white hat is actually my wife
according to eyewitnesses reports they
went further they went to a cafe in
central Moscow and clashed with two
visitors of that cafe the visitors were
turned out to be public servants both
relatively high-ranking government
officials one of them also reportedly
ended up in hospital with with injuries
some you know indefensible actions and
it's really really not looking good for
these two footballers after this you
know mayhem in central Moscow and what's
the reaction to the incident being
obviously a lot of details coming I'm
confirmed a lot of them from various
news channels saying there's now another
incident on a train and you know other
speculation this has really stirred some
heavy controversy hasn't it in Russia
indeed I mean the
reactions have been overwhelming and
they've been overwhelming criticism as
well coming from the very top now let's
listen to what the Russian Sports
Minister had to say about that here the
victims have turned to the police there
is video of the incident
there cannot be any extenuating
circumstances in this situation this is
unacceptable unsportsmanlike behavior
that casts a shadow on all Russian
football tease the words of Paiva
calebkappa echoed in the reactions
coming from the Russian Premier League
and the both respective clubs Zenit
Saint Petersburg and cross the dart
let's have a look the Russian Premier
League expresses its concern and
strongly condemned their hooligan
behavior we believe that those
responsible should face the strongest
possible punishment there is no place
for hooligans in football we consider
any form of violence and acceptable and
condemn it we are certain that at the
end of the investigation this incident
will receive an appropriate legal
assessment we are waiting for a legal
assessment from the respective agencies
but from a human and emotional point of
view this incident only evokes shame
now both clubs have been relatively coy
about the possible repercussions for the
both players but the talk of the town
that both clubs are looking into
terminating these players contracts
they're just looking at the contracts
whether this termination is possible but
let's not forget if they are found
guilty if they're charged and found
guilty of these misdemeanors they could
face up to two years in prison each and
that is definitely more serious than
terminating a contract yeah of course
and footballers are renowned for perhaps
being party boys making some mistakes
this is pretty serious there isn't it
and it's not the first time this pair
have made headlines is it yeah
definitely you're talking about party
boys they went on a big party
surprisingly after Russia crashed out of
the year 2016 championship they were
caught filmed in one of the Monaco's
night clubs with a lavish party with
champagne and smoking hookah which I
assume formula should not be doing even
if it's not you know if it's outside of
the of the pitch kokorin was caught
several times reckless driving in Moscow
in his Bentley they key was pictured in
a South Ossetia wedding firing off
pistols in the air so they are pretty
notorious for their misdemeanors but of
course all that pales and
comparison to what they did this last
weekend and it's absolutely no chance
that they will escape any sort of
punishment from that yeah it looks like
they have gone one step too far this
time or quite a few steps too far let's
say thanks for the update to be back to
you as more news comes in Alexia chef
ski
you
