it's been revealed that over half of
migrants enrolled in integration courses
in Germany have failed to pass basic
German language exams that's as the
country prepares to receive more asylum
seekers Arty's Peter Oliver picks up the
story for Germany welcoming well over 1
million refugees and asylum applicants
over the last three years was just the
beginning
the tough job comes in while integrating
those people into German society and
that seems to be pretty much something
everybody agrees on just ask the
Chancellor the integration of the
Turkish urgent migrants has very special
meaning for us to meet the focus here is
to learn the German language
those who speak German get better
involved in our society of course the
other challenge is the big number of
refugees in Germany not to only register
but to achieve the task of integration a
long-term residency will only be granted
when refugees fulfilled the task of
integration and it's there that things
have not been going to plan the federal
office for migration and refugees have
just released their latest figures in
relation to refugees and asylum
applicants taking language courses and
the numbers don't make for pretty
viewing less than half of those on the
course achieved a basic level of
language proficiency things like being
able to go to the hospital go to the
shops or apply for a job while just over
40 percent achieved a lower level than
that where they say you can understand
but not speak the rest well they either
failed the course or didn't complete it
in its entirety and well that well
that's some bode well for people looking
to get jobs that require qualifications
the most of the German courses in
Germany are full so refugees need
another course or they need advice from
friends and other people to improve
their German skills you know for me it
was good that I had a lot of German
friends so I was
willing to integrate and to wizard
German courses and to go to school the
integration program doesn't come cheap
last year 610 million euro of taxpayer
money was funneled into it and they
haven't seen a good return on their
investment it can be assumed that a
large part of the funds spent were lost
because the courses were characterized
by dwindling numbers of participants
those at the top of the program say they
need more time but acknowledge that one
of the main reasons people don't passes
that they don't show up for classes but
others acknowledge that some refugees
traumatized by the experiences that
they've had while others don't come from
a so-called learning culture having
never attended school in their native
country many of them lack basic learning
skirts because many of them didn't
attend to school at all or dropped out
really very early and so it might be too
difficult for them to learn a foreign
language which is as difficult as German
refugees are entitled to stay only
temporarily after brah which they fled
from is over they have to return to
their countries of origin and we should
focus on teaching them the skills which
they need to rebuild their country of
origin instead of teaching them some
very basic German which in the long run
is of no use for them it is a big
paradox on because on the one side
right-wing populist want that migrants
integrate themselves on the other side
they say migrants are criminal they
generalize they are they are bad they
bring a bad culture a primitive culture
so this is the huge damage because me as
migrant I'm not motivated to integrate
myself when a guy has a lot of
prejudices against me and says I'm a
criminal and he doesn't know me Angela
Merkel announced just recently the
Germany will accept another 10,000
refugees in the very near future
critics of that move for
sking whether it's wise to take more
people when Germany's already struggling
to integrate those who live here already
