a controversial website belen cat claims
it's identified the second suspect
linked by Britain to the poisoning of a
former Russian spy and his daughter
however the presented facts raised a
number of questions RT correspondent an
associate sherkenna has been following
the news conference in London not only
has this whole story been creating
diplomatic rows of course as we've seen
unraveling throughout the last couple of
months but certainly now among
journalists here on the ground following
this conference where these latest
revelations that Belling CAD had to
present had unraveled where journalists
were confronting each other about
opinions and certainly quite a media
frenzy about these latest announcements
and in terms of what specifically belen
cat had to present was that they said
that they have identified through social
media the who the man who has been
described as the second suspect and
there's a scoop all case he was
initially presented as alexander petrov
Belem cat say his real name is alexander
Myshkin they say he is a medical doctor
who was recruited by the GRU before 2003
and was taken to Moscow by the year 2010
they say he was involved in visiting
Ukraine and in terms of identifying who
they were they were quite a few
loopholes and certainly lots of
questions here from journalists as
follow-ups to what they had to say one
of the things that were curious as they
said the Belling had said their first
so-called Eureka moment as they
described it was when the name Alexander
came into the spotlight and then they
tried to find a man who was born on the
same day and had the same patch in him
but of course you know that is a very
very very common name in Russia so they
had to connect those dots by trying to
find after finding one person with the
same details trying to find a passport
photo or some kind of ID
they said that basically when they did
find something according to belen cat
they couldn't really say exactly where
they hid luck but we did them to get a
copy of that document they said that
this man had been honored with hero of
Russia by the President Putin himself
however when it was asked for some kind
of a proof of this they talked about
some kind of granny
who lived in a village where this
Myshkin character was supposedly living
and one person they had found via social
media had told them that this granny had
showed the entire village where she
lived a photo of this man being granted
that honor by the Russian President and
when asked whether or not they were
actually at least able to directly
contact her they said she had quote
vanished when they announced their event
so I'm certainly quite a few of these
questions despite all of the headlines
that these allegations have been making
the Russian embassy here in the UK have
said that they have essentially been
told by the Foreign Office that this is
all part of freedom of public debate and
that the UK government does not comment
and we've also heard from official
Moscow say that they are essentially at
this point tired of any leaks and
speculations being made on all sides of
the media and what they would like is
official channels to cooperate on this
matter let's take a look who disclosed a
history Nizam of an eye Chava a
brachialis the Britannian minguk
environment
mm canal and it's ceremonial in Eastern
languages I figure which interplanetary
poster part Okinawa memoriam
you can pull a mini podium derogatory
meaning which encourages well these are
journalistic revelations if we can call
them that continue to be made it does
seem to continue to be a major
standstill in terms of figuring out kind
of a common way to move forward with
this story which continues at this point
to be a lot of he said she said and
certainly lots of opposing opinions on
how exactly and what had happened to
scruple and in terms of these specific
individuals that have been in the
headlines recently
you
