150 meters away from the fence and since
the morning there were 10 Palestinian
protesters injured the Palestinian the
protesters started burning the tires to
blur the vision of the Israeli snipers
since the morning the Israeli army is
stated that they deployed more than 150
new snipers this is an injury that was
shot it's a Palestinian paramedic that
was injured from the Israeli snipers
Israeli snipers targeted a paramedic
stomach with live ammunition and the
paramedic is going into the holiday the
medical field point and as you see
visually snipers are targeting
Palestinian protesters and paramedics
and journalists they have been using a
lot of tear gas since the morning like I
they didn t stop it through out firing
tear gas because they were just trying
to disperse all these protesters and
actually we're getting affected by the
tear gas that is getting that is fired
by the Israeli snipers I really I'm
trying but it's escalating it's
