the US is reportedly freezing its
funding a controversial Syrian emergency
response organization the white helmets
the moves being met with major
disappointment by the group's leaders
who say it's going to impact on their
ability to save lives the US State
Department has told RT that it's
actively reviewing Assistance Programs
its spokesperson added that Washington
expects the white helmets to continue
its work as a result of additional
funding by donors backed by the u.s. the
US has been funding the white helmets to
the tune of more than 32 million dollars
but the group says it's also being
bankrolled by several other nations too
although the u.s. is now thought to be
cutting funding the State Department
recently did praised the white helmets
efforts in Syria we recognize and
appreciate and are very grateful for all
the work that the white helmets
continues to do on behalf of the people
of their country and on behalf of the US
government on all the coalition
coalition forces they're doing
incredible work the UK though is
reaffirmed its commitment to the white
helmets and the work they do in Syria
that's despite the group being widely
criticized for some of its actions in
Syria as we just said it's members have
appeared a number of times and videos of
killings published by the al-nusra
terror group the white helmets have all
supposed to videos which they say show
them conducting rescue operations to
save the lives of wounded civilians some
of which have seen medical experts then
later criticize their actions as
unprofessional patric heading home for
the 21st century wired news website told
me bit earlier the white helmets don't
need money right now he says because
they're becoming redundant they're
running out of room to operate in Syria
as the Syrian Arab army and its allied
forces clear up and liberate areas like
Eastern Guto for instance like Duma like
East Aleppo last year there's that
that's where the white helmets operate
so they'll use this as a fundraising
opportunity to hopefully raise money
saying that oh we need the money but
there's nothing if they're running out
of place to operate it live it's the raw
the the Kurds don't want them so where
are they going to go this is basically a
video production unit it's an
information operation that's used to
underpin regime change and essentially
destabilize Syria
