first that breaking news and from the
Czech Republic in the last few hours
president me lost em and there's
confirmed that the country has been
involved in producing the type of nerve
agent believed to have been used to
poison the former Russian spies sergey
skripnikov spree Wiltshire UK in March
bill who knows small amounts of
knowledge shock were produced and tested
in the Czech Republic we know when and
we know where it would be hypocritical
to pretend that such a thing never
happened the Czech president saying that
knowledge shock had previously been
produced and stored in the country could
be seen as a very major development to
this cripple saga given that this is a
point that Russia had been making for a
very long time saying that this nerve
agent that was said to have been behind
the poisoning of Sergey and scruple and
his daughter could have been produced in
a number of countries including the
Czech Republic and the US now it has to
we have to be clear that the Czech
President did say that Nava talk was
held in the country in a small amount
and has been destroyed however this is
key given that previously Czech
ministers had denied this possibility
Russian claims that the Czech Republic
is one of the four countries most likely
to have manufactured the nerve agent
used to poison Sergey scrapple and his
daughter are wholly unsubstantiated and
highly speculative the Russians crossed
all boundaries when they said the Navi
took agent could have come from the
Czech Republic that is alive now if you
remember the UK was saying that it could
only have been Russia behind the attack
or to use Teresa Mae's term quote highly
likely and this was along with a wider
picture with British officials saying
that Russia had a history of similar
incidents that it had been behind that
it could only have been Russia to have a
motive in this case as well as a handful
of other accusations that had led to
Westminster to point to Moscow and of
course what unraveled was a major
diplomatic standoff bringing ties
between Russia and the UK to a new low
diplomats were expelled from a number of
countries there had been boycotts by top
officials of attending the World Cup to
be held in Russia in the summer of 2018
so certainly
major major consequences for this
development and of course despite the
fact that we have seen a major
scientific labs such as Porton down
being unable to pinpoint the production
of the nerve agent used in the attack as
having come from Russia and the fact
that Russia all along has been saying it
had nothing to do with the incident and
denied that it was involved in this
cripple case whatsoever it had called
for a joint investigation and really saw
what happened as anti Russia hysteria
this is what the latest is that we heard
from the Russian Foreign Minister on
this the UK government accused Russia
and launched a massive anti-russia
political and information campaign
without showing any evidence it's even
didn't wait for the conclusion of the
British investigation they ignored all
our proposals for joint probe our legal
demands to produce evidence including
samples of the substance which was used
and of course curiously what we have
seen is within especially the first
month of this major scruple scandal
unraveling this was the major biggest
story on all sorts of headlines
especially of course here in Britain as
well as throughout the world yet
recently especially following Sergei
scruple and his daughter yulia's
conditions improving this story has kind
of disappeared from the political and
media limelight so we will have to see
whether or not it might resurface given
these latest statements from the Czech
Republic yeah a bit more of a back row
near the Czech president cited a report
from the country's military intelligence
it was secret looks like he's made a
statement on national television tonight
this is where the details have come from
it said that a small amount of another
choke nerve agent was previously
produced tested and destroyed in the
Czech Republic however the president
said that another report by the Czech
counterintelligence agency identified
the agent not as an avocado as a similar
substance called an a320 if you're
confused so am i let's talk to James to
issue a professor of chemistry at Rice
University hey there James thank you for
your time I've managed to say hello to
you beforehand so you're talking live on
air to Kevin now and hope you can hear
me and the UK says only Russia could
have made an ovid shock nerve agent
crucially there was a big knee-jerk
reaction after obviously it was a very
motor
thing that happened whatever it was in
Salisbury people wanted answers
the British government drew very quick
conclusions now we're hearing hang on a
minute
despite earlier denials a novel chop
like substance or something similar to
it was actually being held or was being
produced in the Czech Republic recently
as recently as last year it does bring
into question why Britain moved so
quickly doesn't it in anyone's mind
surely well it's as I've said before
lots of countries have made these
there's there's probably at least a
dozen countries that have the capability
to make these persistent nerve agents
and it doesn't surprise me that that the
Czech Republic and many other countries
could could do this the Czech Republic
is very advanced in their chemical and
synthetic chemistry ability and many
nation states could have done this yeah
now a bit more detail as I say it's only
been coming in a parry this report came
out around about the 27th of March it
was top secret from his security
services and it's only come out public
really on Czech TV tonight when he
talked about it he's mentioning that the
Czech Republic had a nerve agent called
a 230 similar to Nava chock no never
Chuck I gather as it could be a group of
similar kind of nerve agents it's not
just one thing what's a 230 do you know
anything about that
yes 8 to 30 is a standard persistent
nerve agent it's it's one of the the the
a 200 series this is just putting a
hydrogen moiety it at a group at a site
that they can vary so it's a typical
eight series persistent nerve agent many
countries would have the ability to make
that that that compound and this is what
would be termed is it a for the
simple-minded they're not a chemist this
is what could be termed a a Nava Tok one
of the group yeah some people would call
it that okay why would the Czech
Republic be manufacturing that or having
a stock of it as recently as we think
the details aren't totally clear but
maybe as recently as a year ago parodies
all destroyed no but why would there be
having this I have no idea why they'd be
having it but I I can only gather that
many countries have made it in the past
as part of a study on making nerve
agents and many countries have made
nerve agents if you want to study what a
persistent nerve agent could be like
something that that is harder to detect
something that lasts much longer than a
typical nerve agent like sarin or saumon
or gf then you'd want to be making these
in understanding how they work sometimes
countries make it just to learn how to
defend against it in Maher they might
make it to learn how to to build an
antidote for it don't you I've spoken to
so many people over the last what six
weeks chemists distinguished scientist
etcetera etcetera on the Russian side
and every side and it depends who you
listen to the majority seem to say
certainly on the Russian side that is
maybe a maximum of twenty labs around
the world that could have made this I've
had other scientists say no that's not
the case it could be many many more what
I'd really like to know as a non chemist
is if you made some of this or say you
sneaked out of a laboratory if that
could be done how long does this stuff
last on a shelf or the the two
Constituent chemicals you need to put
together to make it happen
how long does it last I mean could you
steal it in theory and it would
still be active five years ten years
later or not yes it would be as long as
you keep it away from air and moisture
you'd be okay
generally the precursors that that that
the two reagents that you need to make
it are extremely stable and they can
last many years if you're gonna put it
make it into the final form again if you
keep it away from air and moisture it's
going to last it's could certainly last
years and the these persistent nerve
agents these class of nerve agents are
made to be more stable than the than the
formerly used or more abundant standard
nerve agents so these are gonna last
even longer so yes this could have been
made years ago and kept around for many
years there have been so many theories
about whatever happened in Salisbury or
how it could have happened maybe there
were two but two different chemicals
were bought separately and mixed up and
and dispatched doesn't look like there
was much of it whoever did this just a
quick thought about without getting
yourselves in any hot water here but
about what happened with the scrip was
what you saw just purely on the news
what you know about it does that tie in
with what you would know about an Ovid
shock seen as both these guys managed to
pull through and the policeman as well
did they were reported to be seriously
ill the informations come out has been
very very scant as you know would you
expect a nova Chalk agent to have had a
more serious deadly effect it all
depends on the amount that the people
were exposed to so the toxicity is is is
generally scales with the amount of
exposure and so if they just got a
little bit the symptoms that they they
acquired were similar to what they would
get from a very light exposure of the
material where they were incapacitated
for for days and weeks and and I presume
that they would they would have
neurological problems for several days
or weeks and then they'd be able to come
out of it if there wasn't too much
unless it had been given but if they had
been given a serious quantity of it they
would never have recovered and this
really literally we're almost at a time
but Bing is you're on the line
and we're hearing about this huge
massive cleaner multi-million pound
cleaner that's gonna go home for a long
time in Salisbury at these various
hotspots does that ring true with some
sort of nova top agent again as a
chemist looking at the news you'll
hearing yes a persistent nerve agent can
last as long as about six months out in
the open air so so there would be an
extensive cleanup if it had been a
traditional nerve agent you're usually
fine within the next day or two it's
going to self decompose in the air but
these persistent nerve agents this class
of compounds it's a two hundred compound
class is exactly is made to last much
longer so yes you have to undergo an
extensive cleanup program like this yeah
you suspect that that's what you have as
I said we don't know what happened in
Salisbury but they're the eighth what's
it called the a 230 class that's what's
been reported in the in the the Czech
Republic although than I was saying it's
been destroyed it's been great over the
other line explaining a bit thanks very
much for making it so simple it's
complicated James to a professor of
chemistry Rice University appreciate it
