well means I'm also one of the
microscope Facebook's also facing
criticism over its filtering of news
sources that some activists are calling
our form of censorship one organization
which is called us conservative leaders
claims the suppression of right-wing
news on social medias reach crisis point
now they say outlets from both sides of
the political spectrum should be
respected and give an equal weighting
online but with recent gains in major
elections across the globe we asked New
Yorkers what they exactly know about the
term right-wing Sunday's elections in
Austria were the latest example of a
shift to the right in Europe's politics
this this shows that the far-right wing
has won its prevailed polls in Germany
predict that a far-right party will
enter Parliament the term right-wing is
being used pretty liberally these days
we decided to ask Americans
what does far-right or right-wing
actually mean let's see what kind of
answers we get what is far-right mean
would that be like a Nazi extremely
capitalist views it's probably a more
militant version of right-wing maybe a
little more inner and artistic view on
the world but just a probably a more
extreme viewpoint of far-right
far-right means very far-right what does
that mean on the right side very far
Donald Trump is far-right I think he's
trying to come to the center because he
has to administer right and he was more
far-right before he became the president
I think he's all over the place to tell
you the truth I don't know that he has
an ideology other than Donald Trump no
not necessarily I think he's right to
the center definitely yes but I mean the
fact is he's a former Democrat he's not
that far right any world leaders that
you would consider to be far-right
all fundamentalist leaders are far-right
he's right well yeah maybe Putin but
like I don't know you want I'm not sure
I've never ender Modi he's considered
far-right Viktor Orban maybe Prime
Minister of Austria perhaps but yeah I
don't know there might be a few others
seems that in politics words can be
rather hard to define caleb Maupin RT
New York former US diplomat Jim Jerris
believes there's a multi-faceted effort
by social media platforms to sideline
views that don't fit with the company's
political agenda I think there's a real
concern that conservative voices are
being discriminated against in social
media not only Facebook but Twitter
which I use quite a bit and Google and
the the the idea would be to marginalize
or stigmatize conservative voices as
somehow being beyond the limits of
legitimate discussion and we also have
practices what they call shadow banning
where there there's ways to downgrade
content if it's politically not correct
so that it has fewer viewers they try to
de monetize conservative voices so that
they can't actually support their
platforms in the way that voices on the
Left are able to do it which evidently
is more acceptable in the circles and
that in which the the managers of these
platforms operate
