welcome to the console report I'm Max
Keiser here with Stacey Herbert
well we're wrapping it up here in
Toronto and what an extravaganza Stacey
turn to our stage show max so talk about
Bitcoin in relation to as you were
talking about individual sovereignty and
a new enlightenment and also about the
censorship resistance because you
mentioned Jesse Powell and where's the
headline about him I max took my glasses
because he lost his glasses yep and so
we only have one pair of glasses
Krakens says it will not cooperate with
New York Attorney General request for
information so we have jesse powell
telling the new york attend attorney
general you know go away we left New
York and this was a good this actually
proved to be a good idea because now all
these other companies that allow
customers from New York are subject to
the bit license we have another headline
here max regarding censorship resistance
of Bitcoin and that is Chinese
entrepreneurs have some creative
responses to the government's crackdown
on crypto so every time the government's
crackdown on crypto the headlines read
and of course no pointers will say haha
bitcoins dead you guys are gonna die
because the government's gonna get you I
told you Jim Rickards says this all the
time it's like the government's after
you and they're gonna shut you down well
you know there's no bigger government no
bigger surveillance state than the
Chinese government and what they show
and this article is that all these
decentralize exchanges are popping up
all sorts of ways to get around
government censorship of the blockchain
it doesn't what are you gonna work
around it's a workaround and that's what
the blockchain technology bitcoin is a
fantastic way to work around the
nation-state so nation-states are coming
under attack and central banks are
coming under attack the banking system
is under attack and I don't think
there's gonna be any real compromise
with regulators or our state's you know
I mean I've been saying this for a
number of years you know but a lot of
big coin companies are trying to work
with the banking system and
work with regulators and but they're
they're entrenched compromise conflicted
for up . so there's not going to be any
working with them they want to dominate
and get rid of this any competition and
in the case of these countries that are
going up in flames whether it's
Venezuela or what-have-you
they're just going to work it out work
around it this is a great story the p2p
exchanges which are the next evolution
and exchanges will take away that single
point of failure the exchanges have
always been a corner of ulnar ability
you know having it designed virtual
exchanges myself probably the only
patented technology in the world for
Overell exchange is my patent cannabis
Gerald uses it to trade billions of
dollars worth of securities every single
day I can tell you that always has been
the point of failure now this is going
to work around that point of failure
now the other censorship resistance
story in terms of this Chinese a article
there is that I cos were banned in China
and you know whether or not anybody
wants to invest in an ICO is another
thing but they got around that by now
everybody's doing it air drops air
tokens as they're called in China and so
there's always a new innovation popping
up as soon as the old system
pre-enlightenment so the Bitcoin is
basically monetary enlightenment we you
know in in the first enlightenment of
the Middle Ages after the Middle Ages is
that you know knowledge was no longer
controlled by the priests and the elite
class everybody could have access to
knowledge and now everybody could have
access to individual sovereignty in
terms of their monetary realm yeah I
would concur with that that that's a you
know Andreas Antonopoulos is of course
the luminary in the space making the
point that you can't have if you have
fake prices you'll have fake news I mean
there's an old saying on Wall Street the
price precedes news because markets are
very sensitive they tend to react very
quick before the news gets out you'll
see price movements on 9/11 for example
I remember we were buying puts on Morton
Thiokol the top contractor for the
booster rockets no that wasn't mine 11
that was the shuttle disaster in the 80s
under Reagan and so the you know the
puts had already tripled before the news
at the tape and well 9/11 of course the
the options on the airline stocks were
hugely active before the news at the
tape about 9/11 as a matter of fact they
were active a week before which is
another story but so the price proceeds
news and so if you have fake prices you
end up with fake news so here when you
have manipulation of markets and there
if you have if you have interest rates
are zero and you can borrow money at 0%
you have an unlimited credit line and
you can muscle prices around at will
that creates fake prices and then if you
have a robots reporting on fake prices
on the financial media as Forbes does
then the robots are going to report on
the fake prices driven by the fake news
created by robots and you have a virtual
or enough a virtual cycle of fake news
and fake prices and then that people
interpret that as reality and meanwhile
the underlying reality is completely
different you need accurate prices
before you have accurate news first we
don't trust verify you're supposed to
the prices are supposed to give you the
verification of reality and this led us
to Bitcoin because we're gonna go I want
to go back to when we were you know
Kaiser report was covering financial the
financial crisis and we were covering
gold and silver and precious metals and
monetary issues and central banks and in
the lead-up to the birth of Bitcoin the
Genesis block and why he mentioned the
Chancellor on virgin second bailout of
banks is that all the prices remember in
order to maintain the pyramid system
of where we we didn't rely on individual
sovereignty we relied on trusted bankers
we relied on central bankers who relied
on the Treasury to take care of us to
take care of the financial system and
they sent out fake prices of Libor rates
that were rigged on behalf of the
central bank the british central bank it
ordered that these bankers to rely board
now they're all going to prison because
of a central bank it has to send
somebody to prison right the prices of
gold and silver all these prices where
they were trying hard to manipulate in
order to make sure the population who
were the chumps and this their Ponzi
scheme continued to have faith they were
basically operating the big connect of
you know the last century yeah that's
right they had a manipulate LIBOR that
by order or the Bank of England to
create the fake price so that the BBC
would report the fake news and then bail
out a bunch of charlatans everything's
okay don't worry trust your bank and
your suppose the the prices were
supposed to be your verification don't
trust the bank just use these Libor
rates use these sort of numbers use the
price of gold to determine whether or
not it's true what we're saying and of
course they had to read those in order
to like it basically they were the big
cash as well of the time they there like
if you know the speaker before I've had
a chart which suggested there they're
one of the options of why there's a
premium on it could be manipulation a
bit like a sherry for example big cash
oh yeah big cash that's another story
oh yeah stock trading robots reacting
the stories I just made reference to
this so you've got the basically
financial news is being written by
robots and then they create the news and
then other robots read that news and
then they do algorithmic trading on Wall
Street based on the news written by a
robot that a robot uses to trade stocks
and create prices that are then
by another robot so that's another scary
thing to think about is that is Satoshi
Nakamoto a robot that created some
currency for itself to you know
basically well my theory is that Satoshi
is coming from the future then he
arrived and he's heading back to the
beginning to meet God
basically oh yeah most Fargo just nickel
and diming people to death
malicious algorithms that just go in
there and steal money again there's no
penalty there's no there's no criminal
charges for this type of fraud and and
just this is a scourge like the plague
that needs to be eradicated or you know
gonorrhea or syphilis
I mean Wells Fargo is the syphilis of
Wall Street and Bitcoin is penicillin
essentially if you turn if you talk
about looking into the past one day
these sort of headlines will be like
this these are pre blockchain sort of
financial banking stories right I'll be
really children you know people that are
10 12 years old now and the future
though this will look like a freaky
world that you could live in a world
where bankers could had all control of
your wealth and they could create fake
accounts for you and start trading and
you didn't even know that they were
operating in your name believe they'll
be part of the myth fifteen years of
collecting RINO Siemens finally paying
off okay this is not really relevant
that's relevant to the whole coin market
I think maybe it might pay off like that
yeah you could do an IC o----
around rhino semen collateralized by
rhino semen well this kind of gets into
the economics of extinction which is
interesting trend you know they're
fishing these huge bluefin tuna in Japan
to extinction because they have a lot in
the refrigerator so the price is going
to go up when they become finally
extinct so obviously that's not a
healthy use of capitalism
especially when you apply that to humans
which I suppose will happen certainly
rhinos the difference between fiat money
and central banks crypto and I like this
it's a great image you know you've got
champagne
pyramid you know the champagne kind of
runs out after the first year because if
you live near the central bank just like
if you're a defense contractor and you
live near Washington you get rich you
live you're living upstream if you live
downstream you end up in prison or you
end up with you know your purchasing
power going to trash so it's just
proximity that there's the capitalism of
proximity
there's no economics behind it there's
no school of economics it's all this is
the old system that is decaying right
now is we have a system whereby if
you're next to the New York bed and this
was actually shown through collecting
data from yellow taxis in New York City
what they found is that there is indeed
even though the New York Fed is not
supposed to talk to the banks about what
policy is about to happen and what
interest rates are about to reset there
was there's evidence that they do go and
see each other and meet between midnight
and 4:00 a.m. down near the New York Fed
so taxi data reveals the truth don't
trust verify the the data from their
would verify that they are colluding and
they're giving inside information they
get easy access they get zero percent
interest rate money and then they
pollute it and give it by the time I
guess you is twenty five percent
interest
right with Bitcoin everybody's basically
equal everybody has equal access they're
all on a level playing field there's
nobody with pre mine there's nobody with
you know an easier access everybody's an
equal par this is the pattern of price
we've seen we started in 2011 with
Bitcoin we've been through at least
three or four major and eighty percent
Corrections and it's usually this is the
pattern I think this will just continue
on to a hundred thousand and beyond to
me the valuation question is less
important than the adoption question and
the adoption question is driven by
failure in the banking system the Fiat
money as I opened this talk with the
fiat money era is coming to a close
the idea of fiat money referencing other
fiat money is now dying the bond markets
in a huge bubble is gonna crash property
markets are going to go through a Japan
style Nikkei average style eighty
percent crash and one thing left to buy
is gonna be Bitcoin gold and silver but
Bitcoin has a remarkably attractive
attributes beyond gold and silver blah
blah blah be cash is the Scientology of
crypto
right you know I I everyone is treated
free to compete but I mean why still the
brand dude why plagiarize you know oh I
see Sony's on the side he's about to
give us a big hug he's a big beak a
shoulder looking around right now at the
right time don't go away stay tuned for
much more after the break
stay there welcome back to the Kaiser
report I'm Max Keiser got a couple of
special guests coming your way in just a
second but first let me just say that
people ask me all the time
where's Bitcoin going is Bitcoin dead
what's the future and the future is
technology programming and is there a
new generation of technologists and
programmers who are going to carry this
thing forward and the answer is yes let
me introduce two young men who I think
are going to be part of the future of
this space
introduce yourself sir hey my name is
nish nish yep and you are I'm Samar
Samar yes okay so we met here at the
Bitcoin conference and in where are we
Toronto and immediately he started to
tell me about projects and things that
you're interested in and I immediately
recognized that you know this is gonna
be like the future
first of all just talk a little bit
about I guess crypto and Bitcoin what
attracts you to it just in a general
sense dish my overall interest was in
blockchain actually with blockchain what
attracted me was the idea that we're not
being centralized we're not having banks
control everything anymore in like these
centralized institutions control
everything and maybe with some in
genomics especially we can transact this
genomic information yes the genome yep
the study the JIT how old are you I'm 15
you're 15 yeah okay and so are you being
taught this in school no you have an
outside of school program called the
knowledge Society and here we can expose
connection topics and like learn skills
like networking talking with confidence
and all these other real life skills
that school doesn't teach you
unfortunately okay and your name again
I'm sorry Samar's tomorrow right okay so
and you guys are buddies I guess and
your
in your gang of crypto gang started here
in Toronto is your interest also in
genome and genomics I'm not specifically
so in general its blockchain technology
and artificial intelligence so in terms
of blockchain technology I try really
try to leverage this technology to solve
some real-world problems so with a
partner I actually built a decentralized
medical records application where
hospitals can share medical records
securely under private blockchain
another one of these applications that
I've built is like a decentralized
ecommerce store where you can bid
without a third party decentralized
voting decentralized supply chain and
things like that so what what happened
how did you what there's something in
the water I mean what you know this is
coming out of the mouths of teenagers
I'm just thinking of my own experience
as a teenager and it's remarkably
different you know we is it your native
to the internet you know you've never
known a world without the internet
you've never known a world without
smartphones and now you're you you've
kind of been grown up now in a world of
crypto and blockchain what is it a is
how do you relate to your peers or your
peers the similarly age kids are they
it's thinking the same thoughts are you
an anomaly people it gives it an OSHA
SIA T we think like differently than our
peers at school and we sort of start to
feel as we're talking about this
actually and it's sort of just
associating yourself with like-minded
people and people who want to go to the
same place you want to go to now I asked
you earlier about if you were interested
in starting a company you know which
implies making lots of money and things
of this nature
but the responses he gave to me was more
nuanced than that you were saying well
if that if that that director might not
be the best direction so your motivation
is it fair to say that you're not at
this point you're not part of that lambo
crowd that's like we want to get a Lambo
right away all right your motivation
seems to be focused differently is that
correct yeah
our motivation is to solve one of the
world's biggest problems right you know
the money will come later okay we can't
we don't want to worry about that now we
want to start solving some of the
world's biggest problems right and
you've identified that as in genome and
you're talking about proteins maybe
expand on that a little bit I'm actually
looking to protein engineering and one
of the problems that was trying to solve
with protein engineering is viruses and
bacteria so before this I was in phage
therapy and this targets this the use of
bacteriophages to target back to
infections but they couldn't target
viral infections so in protein engineer
we can engineer the right protein to
latch on to the right virus to try and
deliver a drug that kills off the virus
so eradicating sickness basically right
so let me ask you this about the sole
Merck in medicine so antibiotics I hear
that they're running out of antibiotics
they need new antibiotics and you've got
the super bug and and all these kinds of
things are now resistant to antibiotics
does what you're doing does it address
that yes phage therapy is actually a
solution to this problem I'm actually
giving a presentation next Sunday about
this problem in phage therapy and how it
could potentially help solve this
problem okay and you're focusing in on
AI is that correct what what has drawn
you to AI artificial intelligence like
at first I wasn't really interested in
artificial intelligence I thought like
it's just another one of those topics
but as I as I saw more and more of it
come around me I realized that it's
actually really cool
so I delve deep into it and I found this
really cool kind of subtopic of
artificial intelligence called
reinforcement learning actually
delivered a presentation about that a
couple weeks ago and basically what it
is is learning on its own so it's
basically a machine they reenact a human
the way it learns through experience and
I think that's really cool because we're
we're bringing AI a step closer to
general intelligence there's a debate
that is on a high profile basis between
I believe Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg
they talked about artificial
intelligence Elon Musk is warned against
artificial intelligence considers it a
threat mark zuckerberg over at Facebook
has spoken positively about
special intelligence how do you weigh in
on this topic sir I think it depends on
what we use it for so if we use it to
solve problems then it's definitely good
but if we use it on the flip side then
it can have negative effects I'm mainly
looking at the good side of course all
right so do see there being a
possibility that it could get out of
control artificial intelligence and what
I mean by that is that you just
described a situation where the
artificial intelligence is kind of
teaching itself and so it's now kind of
divorcing itself from you know the human
experience and if it becomes cognizant
of its own existence and starts to live
kind of in a parallel world I don't to
get to sci-fi here but is is there a
risk there or how do you see that yeah
there could be a potential risk in the
future I don't think anything for the
for the near future though reinforcement
learning is still super early and
there's still a lot of problems that we
need to need over fear right and so do
you guys ever work together we work on
similar projects yeah you know we don't
collaborate collaborative so you came to
the this conference which is a
blockchain conference and are you
getting a lot out of it
yeah we've been talking to speakers like
you and I've been listening and getting
a lot of value so in my spin my
presentation we're Stacy and I are on
stage you know we're talking in the
sense that there's going to be a battle
between blockchain and the state
essentially that people need to prepare
themselves for this there's not going to
be any handshake reconciliation between
the state and blockchain there's going
to be a conflict it's going to get more
heated how do you how do you see that I
mean when you heard our presentation
what what impression did it make on you
like what do you think about that about
the problem blockchain resistant
government I feel like sometimes the
government does a little bit like
stifles innovation sometimes and that's
not ideal obviously like we're trying to
innovate and solve the biggest problems
and we can't have that constraint
sometimes so
I feel like we need to have a government
that allows innovation encourages it
without having like a clamp on or trying
to regulate it in any way the president
yeah I was just agreeing with whatever
he has said whatever he said right now I
think it's suppressing innovation and I
think it really needs to change
so you guys are basically on the front
line of this emerging technology and
there's going to be of course a lot of
pushback and visit the idea that your
ability to introduce products that are
so great is going to trump any pushback
I mean they're just gonna live and get a
life of their own when you're when
you're solving some of the biggest
problems like I said before you can't
have any sort of government stifling
this so if it's a solution like Facebook
or something that has real power I feel
like the government would eventually
have to accept that it is a solution
that you have to take it right and what
are your any thoughts on that yeah I
agree I like I'm gonna be really
passionate about what I do so I will
make ends meet regardless okay so let's
talk in the near future here you're
getting ready you're still in high
school I guess right so then you're
gonna go to further your education are
you looking at different universities
that you that you have your eye on that
you think are attractive for you to go
what's it what's that gonna be like for
you guys we were actually talking about
this as well okay your thoughts on this
I'm not sure what I want to do in
university honestly at this point I'm
not too sure most of the great geniuses
in the space they drop out of university
right it's like maybe there's value
there maybe there's not what do you
think I feel like especially for
blockchain there are only like a couple
of courses in the entire world in the
university so if we get to a point where
we learn about artificial intelligence
genomics whatever space we choose to be
in like become thought leaders in it is
there really a point in going to
university anymore if we're already
thought leaders and they're there's
foundations like the Peter Thiel
foundation we have a project or idea
that really works that solves a problem
right I believe italic was a fellow that
worked through that system is vitally
seen as a you know a role model in this
space yes I I'd say so I mean I'm
relatively new to the space I've been
focusing on it for only a couple of
months so yes I'd say so what are your
thoughts yeah I definitely say so right
he's he seems to have captured the
imagination of quite a few number of
people and encounter its counter a great
place to be at this point in Toronto in
Canada is that a good area due to work
and and for this to go forward yeah for
sure yeah Toronto Toronto is becoming
almost the new innovation hub at this
point and I think it's a really good
environment to be in when you're
innovating him changing the game so
expand on that a little bit what makes
it a good environment the Meyers
building of course that has a bunch of
startups in it in general just the
people here the venture capitalists and
things like that that really helps to
have meetings with venture capitalists
not yet but that could be the coming
soon yes sure yeah okay well guys you
know what I can tell you is that you
know we've been here we're talking to
CEOs talking to fund managers the one
thing that's lacking in the space are
great engineers so you guys are
extremely well positioned now going
forward and I think you know guys like
yourself are really the next generation
of Bitcoin gives me as a bitcoin
investor and supporter incredible hope
and I'm totally encouraged by meeting
you two guys probably the most
interesting meeting I've had this entire
conference because I think oh yeah the
future is assured so thanks for being on
the cars report thank you for having us
it's all righty well that's gonna do it
for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me max Kaiser and Stacy Herbert and
I want to thank our special guests here
in Toronto nish and some ice so month if
you want to catch us on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye y'all
