Boy Scouts of America changing their
name after more than a hundred years of
history the organization is now going to
allow girls to join it the word boy said
to be dropped good idea or bad let's
talk to political activist Kate Smith
wait and also legal and media analyst
Lionel hi guys thanks your time today
let's chat about this for a few minutes
I'm gonna through this bone first if I
may Lionel it's political correctness
gone mad surely boy scouts are for boys
and girl scouts are for girls or should
it be that way this is one of the most
insane moments in the history of the
human species there is not anyone other
than a few I guess theoretical
academicians perhaps or some SJW or
somebody who thinks this is a good idea
this is insane and by the way scouts BSA
what do you think the BSA is it's like
here in the States KFC we know what it
is this goes to show you how there was
an absolute determined effort to destroy
whatever was left of this thing called
gender it's now considered almost like
racist or inappropriate to do anything
to distinguish boys from girls okay it
is over with this is the most stupid
thing I've heard and I don't know how
long but I'm sure it'll be topped very
so I don't think you think the same way
about this case Smurf wait what's your
view good idea of bad people should be
made to feel comfortable if they want to
join it why not it's a really
interesting situation actually if you
look at the kind of science of it where
do young people do best it turns out
perhaps surprisingly perhaps
unsurprisingly that girls seem to thrive
better in single sex environments for
things like that but boys actually seem
to thrive better in mixed environments
it seems like having some girls join in
maybe takes away some of the sort of
laddie culture if you like it's not
entirely clear why these things are true
personally I think there's a lot to be
said for giving girls a kind of space of
their own we know that there are
differences in the kind of for example
the kind of role models that boys and
girls are exposed to so when we do get
mixed-gender groups what can often
happen is that the boys have more
confidence they've been brought up on
action heroes and the girls can get
sidelined a bit so I guess I had a lot
of sympathy with the Girl Scouts
organization who are saying hey you know
this has worked well for us in the past
I mean what I don't want of course is
you know for the Girl Scouts or to do
sewing and knitting and the boys to get
to climb mountains I mean I think that
is very much an outdated construct I
think we all know that there are plenty
of girls who'd like to climb mountains
but for me I'm not sure that the perfect
solution is just to put them in the boys
club I think what we should be doing
yeah of course ultimately is working
towards a culture you know where we
don't need to separate groups but but in
the meantime I think there's absolutely
nothing wrong with giving the girls
their own space you know and making sure
that they have a chance to thrive and
they have a chance to be the leaders of
that rather than put them in a mixed
group where they're at risk of being you
know treated as a secondary group within
that
with it so what about the boys as
Lionel's saying well what about the boys
well first of all if girls are good
sorry I can answer your question Lionel
if you let me talk the research suggests
that actually boy you've been talking
that that that's just when you ask me a
question and then you wanted me to
answer it so I was answering your
question the research says boys I ask
you a crash course it was our boys made
working it was many times of sleep all
right let me ask you this quick Chuck
your toys out of the pram Lionel
everybody's listening Lionel what are we
just amalgamate have won a great big
scout group for the boys and the girls
won't be wrong with that idea now let me
get this straight
apparently according to this this
scientific study which you just made up
on the fly girls do better can sometimes
up on girls but boys do better are you
gonna let me finish are you gonna let me
finish
boys do better apparently with girls but
girls do better with girl giggles so who
were the girls who were going to have to
be she's doing it again go ahead doctor
go ahead I think it's a sound delay
Lionel let's just let's just bring this
back in and not be
quite so heated about it what is wrong
with the idea I mean boy schools in the
u.s. they don't segregate boys and girls
so you know isn't isn't this the way for
that maybe everyone should be coming
together here in the States
well let me just say that the reason why
is that the enrollment here is dwindling
because one of the biggest problems are
that kids who are so I guess either
because of their ADHD medication or
fixated on this don't really see the
need to be joining any groups with any
people outdoors or otherwise so that's
the biggest problem
girlscouts here in the states are doing
much better primarily because of their
cookies Boy Scouts are trying to do
something to stay ahead but what you're
seeing is the rousseff ocation of just
boys and girls and how we are just
turning them in to just these these I
don't know these hominids or these kids
who don't play who don't enjoy doing
things like I did like we did being a
boy and roughhousing I don't understand
it to do stuff that the scouts used to
do to go out into the woods
remember what Lord baden-powell did
remember the the the source the the
initial source of the scouts going out
and actually using his his his up
working in warfare of all things to go
out and do things which are perhaps dare
I say hyper masculine that's all been
deleted that's over with the Girl Scouts
yeah the Girl Scouts you could you're
kind of praising it just now that they
had their stance they're kind of a bit
more conservative yeah they say they
don't have any gender policies but yeah
there's a bit of a frosty relationship
now they don't like the Boy Scouts
dropping the name boy is it the fact
that here is the Boy Scout to the girl's
skirt should the Girl Scouts simply move
with the times well I think that the
Girl Scouts have a good point in that it
really seems like it's almost a turf war
in that they're kind of saying well you
know we're gonna let the boys in say you
know we're gonna let the girls in in
order to boost our numbers but I'm I'm
kind of concerned with Lionel
idea that it's somehow great to
encourage boys to to fight and be super
super super rough and super violent with
each other I think that this is 2018 and
the idea that it's somehow good for
young men to be thrown into some sort of
boxing ring I think that we should offer
young people boys and girls a whole
range of activities and there are
definitely arguments in favor of
allowing them to do some of those
activities in a single safe environment
there are definitely arguments in favor
of allowing him to do at least some of
those activities in a mixed environment
when you've got a mixed group sometimes
the girls are trying to get their point
across and they can be loudly shouted
down by the boys which I don't know if
you've seen any recent examples of that
but it feels a little bit like maybe
that's happening right now line of this
whole scouting boys and girls is just
outdated look this is the most
ridiculous thing there was if there was
a time and I will tell you this and I
don't know about the rest of the world
but I can go anywhere in this country
most people think that this is absurd
there's a problem it's not just boys and
girls kids aren't allowed to be kids
anymore we're playing it so safe
we've got helmets there was a time when
if you were a red-blooded American man
let's not have helmets of kids with
brain damage and crazy idea fun and
there was nothing wrong with it but now
what it is these are boys to sit around
and this is horrible this is called a
gender nullification look it's all a
part of this complete and total
ridiculous idea that people are afraid
that there are genders and they're boys
like to do boys stuff and that there
isn't a great deal of evidence to
suggest that only boys want to do
traditionally male activities and only
girls want to do traditionally female
activity it's very it's very very
obviously there are lots of those like
climbing trees and there are lots of
various like baking cakes and to try to
say to young people you have to only do
this what we should of course do is give
them a range of activities actually
encourage them
to try new stuff because that's not what
this is about and you know it what about
children it seems to be about is huge
randomly shouting at me when you haven't
really got a point line on guys what
about children that have come from maybe
traditional religious families what
about children red carnations in Kevin
yeah I'm trying don't worry what about
children they come from traditional
families and they don't want their kids
to go to kind of unisex Boy Scouts
unisex girls coats they've got a point
as well and they well I think that's a
very very interesting knowing there
Kevin on the one hand I'm absolutely
against you know religious organizations
that operate a sort of full-on gender
apartheid I think that's absolutely not
OK at the same time we have to accept
there are communities where that is kind
of annoyed even adorable it's very
difficult if we close down these you
know female only spaces rather than
encouraging people to join the mixed
spaces what can happen instead is that
then girls from those communities end up
not being allowed to go out and take
part in these activities at all so I
think we have to be very careful in
encouraging you know people people to be
happy mixing and people to be moving
around with a whole range of different
people without maybe without ending up
with people from minority communities
you know being stuck at guys we'll leave
it on that positive thought a political
activist Kate Smith lately glue and
media analyst Lionel I bet you're never
the scouts loyal or were you can tell me
you're fair thanks guys good night
