next generation politics could spell
trouble for the Democrats in the US
according to recent polls it's revealed
Americans born after 1995 or generation
Z as they're being called have more
conservative leanings than older voters
had at the same age a survey of over
50,000 people under the age of 23 shows
increasing support for the Republican
Party while a large number of them would
also back donald trump's reelection in
2020 unlike the so called millennial
generation younger voters are more
sensitive to conservative policies with
the economy education and gun rights
taking priority over other policies
caleb Maupin has been finding out
whether young americans values are
changing our young americans just less
rebellious and more friendly to
tradition and authority or is there a
problem on the left side of the spectrum
we decided to talk with some younger
Americans and find out shutting down
conservative or right-wing speakers on
college campuses do you identify with
that shutting them down no I don't think
you should completely shut them down
why because I think everyone should have
a voice and be able to speak on campuses
you shouldn't close anything off to
people who want to be open to anything I
mean especially the college setting
that's like good that's the last place
where you should be saying no to open
ideas and discussions I don't think
that's fair because everybody is
entitled to their opinion we don't have
to agree with each other that doesn't
I really mean we can't have a civilized
conversation Facebook different social
media outlets saying that certain racial
words are offensive and they'll strike
them down a tape speech do you agree
with that no I don't why again everybody
has the right to talk how they wanna
talks because they want to speak it's a
free country so why not sure yeah they
shouldn't censor things I think that a
lot worse things are happening in the
world what about getting rid of certain
sports practices they say are offensive
to women like ring girls in in boxing or
cheerleading I would say leave the
option for it to be something that
exists and don't necessarily like
promote it we don't necessarily have to
get rid of it I think we should just
just put more males into it there's
somebody always willing to take the jobs
years ago it was liberals that were
calling for freedom of speech and
challenging social norms but these days
were increasingly seeing calls for
censorship coming from the left so is it
possible that younger Americans simply
don't want to comply with the rules
being imposed by the liberal order our
conservatives now the rebels Kayla
boppin RT New York
