welcome to fist Stadium and welcome to
Sajha the venue for the 2014 Olympics
and this summer it's gonna be a
battlefield again and that's of course
when the best player in the world
Cristiano Ronaldo will be trying to
score in this go against the best
goalkeeper in the world love it we're
here
what were the fans who come here for
games what will they see in Sochi
I'm Peter Schmeichel and I'm about to
find out
such he was like the Soviets kottdeer
sir it was where the elite came for the
holidays so politicians militaries and
actors they all had their own designated
sanatoriums and this one for instance
was for the teachers and the scientists
the Soviet Union broke down in 91 and
left these sanatoriums basically to fall
apart but not anymore major hotel chains
are taking over some of them including
this one kept the buildings and even
some of the art
I wonder if Neymar continued and their
teammates will appreciate the Soviet art
because this will be Brazil's home for
the World Cup
so one of the really really cool things
about such is you can literally be on
the beach working on your suntan and 40
minutes later you can be up here
snowboarding and skiing whatever you
fancy and the World Cup is in June and
even then you could do only four years
ago there's absolutely nothing here but
now it's one of the most popular ski
resorts in the whole of Russia so we're
pretty far now I think about 2,500
meters and I can see you can go even
further but I'm not gonna attend that
today I think I'm just gonna stand here
and tens of it even if you don't ski
there's still a lot of things to do up
here me for instance I'm gonna go for a
happy life I'm sorry about this and
since it is a year of the talk I'm gonna
go on this now
I think the doubts are very very lazy
today but you know founders I'm a big
guy so it's another way for them to Jack
around and see no goodbye energy again
so much more fun than scheme
one of the big attractions in Sochi is
of course the Autodromo it's been for
Formula One races here so far Perez boat
s and Hamilton twice have wanted and in
a minute if I can find a car that is I'm
gonna see if I can do exactly what these
guys have been doing in the last four
years
I've been told to go to garage number
two to find a car I'm quite excited I
have no idea what kind of cars they have
for me but there I'm hoping for Lewis
Hamilton's just passed his pit there are
some really cool cars here but I'm not
sure about that one and this I mean how
am I gonna fit into again just a bit too
small for me the Porsche it's a lot
bigger once you get in and it's nice and
quick but definitely the wrong colour
oh my god that was that was awesome I
really could get used to that
yeah I know it looks a little bit
old-fashioned but this this bar this is
fantastic
this place was built for the elite of
the also beginning and all other big
thing that came into half bar for this
black border it's not because it's dirty
it's because it's travel from six
kilometers down
it's full of sulfur and it's full of
minerals so it picks up on the way
temperature 36 degrees and I'm supposed
to like completely still in then it'll
cure about 1,500 diseases and one of
them fortunately is hang on
