hi this is Max Keiser Stacy Herbert of
the cosna report yeah we're in Toronto
check out what we did on our live stage
act you know the story begins in 1971
actually you know President Richard
Nixon entered a new era in global
finance he abandoned the Bretton Woods
Agreement and the gold was no longer
anchoring the global economy we entered
a period of very interesting experiment
of fiat currencies anchoring fiat
currencies anchoring fiat currencies
anchoring it's Turtles all the way down
we entered into the modern financial era
of no reference value at all no gold
nothing just the country's flailing
about entering into spurious wars
economic theoretical policies based on
nothing and a lot of money printing the
rise of the central bank the wholly
central bank the Ben Bernanke's the
Janet yellen's of the world who we
worship was priests in front of the
cathedral of money printing now that era
is coming to a close the era of the u.s.
dollar is world reserve currency is
coming to a close with the rise of
Bitcoin and crypto currencies is it an
asset class or damn right it's an asset
class how do we know that because as
people abandon the fiat currency
nightmare that was given us nothing but
misery for 50 years they are plowing
into fiat currencies is it going 100,000
you're darn right it's going under a
thousand because there is trillions of
dollars sloshing around in a cesspool
called the global financial markets
there's absolutely no rhyme or reason to
valuation on any of these assets
whatsoever and I saw a headline coming
up here today which immediately got my
attention so the exchange cracking right
cracking Jesse Powell jesse powell
at the Krakken exchange they have told
Snyderman in new york to pounce and to
base
like you know they're trying to dig into
all the market making that goes on in
these exchanges they wonder how price
discovery works on these various
exchanges and so all these exchanges are
saying look we are a post regulatory
framework we're opposed to beyond
currency framework we're entering a new
era we don't need the SEC the CFTC any
of these regulators because we're taking
the sink to another level and it's based
on a whole different valuation model and
just to give you some context of you
know my history and all this and how I
got into it was back in 1995 1996 I
started the company in Los Angeles
called the Hollywood Stock Exchange and
we were trading virtual assets with a
virtual currency on a virtual exchange
and to build that technology which was
pretty new at the time I had to invent a
technology so I invented a technology
called the virtual specialist technology
it has a US patent I think it's five
nine five oh one seven six is the patent
number and so we were having to do price
discovery on virtual assets this
eventually was sold to Cantor Fitzgerald
in 2001 and they moved the entire thing
to their office in New York the top
floor of the World Trade Center a few
months before 9/11 so there was an
inability for them to really capitalize
on that going forward they wanted to
introduce box office futures contracts
and I told them at the time that this
would never happen you would never
launch box office futures contracts
because the MPAA the Motion Picture
Association of America is a very guarded
monopoly in the United States without
any competition and they don't like the
idea of price discovery on box office
they like to control that market with an
iron fist e6 Studios in Los Angeles and
sure enough they didn't listen they know
they spent twenty million dollars trying
to develop a box office futures contract
and at the last minute for the
Granville or as a Graham Dodd or is it
Graham touch they introduced a rider
into that law saying out long box office
futures contracts so Hollywood is the
only industry in America that has this
kind of protection from financialization
you can't trade a box office features
contract but you can trade futures
contracts on almost any other industry
in America because they don't want the
competition they don't want the price
discovery they don't want to interrupt
the flow of their model to market their
way into a box office event and I find
this a bit disturbing because it says
that free-market economics and price
discovery is selective in America we
like it in certain markets but not other
markets and being in the news business
that I that as I am we're constantly
because of the regulator's who are
trying to tell us which news is approved
by the regulator's so this idea of free
market capitalism being selectively
applied to some industry not and not
others it's now also applied to the news
business so some outlets their news is
considered to be more truthful than
other news and they don't allow the
public to decide what they want to see
and for the public to make it up their
own line about what is informative and
what is relevant to their lives another
word for this would be propaganda so we
live not only in a price propaganda and
a fiat currency propaganda but we live
in a news propaganda the major outlets
in America are in to the most insidious
vicious propaganda and war mongering
than we've seen in decades the idea of
free markets which I'm totally in favor
of right it goes back to the
Enlightenment it goes back to Adam Smith
it goes back to the transition of power
from the freakin Catholic Church to the
Enlightenment to the individual
sovereignty to the rights of man he
needs to be preserved and markets are a
way to get there free trade is a way to
get there anything that interrupts free
trade interrupts freedom and anything
interrupts freedom is a reversion back
to neo feudalism and we see that
happening right now in the United States
and presumably here in Canada
as wealth is concentrated in a few or
fewer hands we have a risk of neo
feudalism on the horizon crypto is is is
the answer in my view and it is an asset
class and it is gobbling up market share
and the u.s. dollar is doomed all fiat
money is doomed and any money that you
keep in fiat money only keep money and
only have fiat money keep money and fiat
that you're willing to lose is gonna
vanish the biggest bubble in the world
is the US dollar the stock markets in a
bubble the bond markets at a 300 year
bubble we haven't seen bond prices
sovereign bond markets aside 300 years
in Britain and in over 240 years in
America think about that it's at a multi
hundred year bubble when those bubbles
bursts and they well because interest
rates can't remain near zero for a
perpetuity to help keep insolvent banks
looking like they're solvent every
single Bank of bust Deutsche Bank is
leveraged at five thousand to one
there's nothing collateralizing Deutsche
Bank put some hamsters in the in a wall
somewhere in Munich it's absolutely
nothing it's a mirage damn it damn those
banks all right what else we got here oh
yeah so what's that that's the that's
the Genesis block
let's see some applause already this is
the beginning that's it true it all
started notice that the headline is
Times in London Chancellor on the brink
of a second bailout of banks is that
random did they just put that in there
as a time stamp or is Satoshi making a
comment well it could be both but I
interpret it as a comment the banking
system is in jeopardy and it's a
reaction if you will there's a very
political element to Bitcoin that is not
talked about that often and I think that
probably to put in context of where we
are historically it should be mentioned
all right so there's a Jamie Dimon
suicide banker and people say why do you
call it Jamie
you know a terrorist a suicide banker
when you think about it banks on Wall
Street they they're cut from the same
cloth as she hotties they misinterpret
their basic texts right so in the case
of finatus fanatical jihadist theocracy
a chronically driven psychopaths they
kind of misinterpret the Koran hear
Jamie Dimon totally misinterprets Adam
Smith I mean he selectively reads books
on economics to support his maniacal
psychosis they go to terrorists might go
to madrasahs Jamie Dimon and his crew go
to the Ivy League schools which are the
madrasahs of our hero who teach them
economic models that are dangerous and
fanatical he's willing to kill himself
and others for his beliefs so he has no
compunction about putting his entire
society or himself at risk by pushing
weapons of mass financial destruction as
Warren Buffett calls them derivatives
it's going to blow himself up kill
himself and anyone around him so he's
just terrorists with a nice suit
initially he was very anti Bitcoin then
he came around a little bit
now he's a little bit more probit going
because the markets moving against him
and he says he has no morals or ethics
or any kind of soul he's just gonna go
with the market he's just like a dead
fish we'll go with the current right
he's not gonna swim against the current
because he's inside he's dead he's a
parasite
he's a tapeworm on society
well I'll spare you my jamie dimon the
tapeworm impression because it's too
vulgar but does it give you night well
yeah you know it's pretty sick move on
you know we've been doing our show for
like thirteen hundred episodes and this
is kind of the reaction to get people
are understanding that the enemy are the
banksters and it's not the concocted
skirmishes you know the world with the
war the scapegoating that goes on right
now you know when the reed emma-crats
were in charge that you remember the
muslims or the the enemy and now that
the republicans are charged the the
russians are the enemy so it's all about
the enemy of the banksters that's our
common enemy so we got to get above the
parochial regional nonsense and
scapegoating and bigotry wachovia 380
billion dollars in drug money for
mexican of course they were bought by
wells fargo wells fargo big position by
warren buffett wells fargo caught
recently going into millions of customer
accounts and stealing money they got a
slap on the wrist the price of fraud and
terrorism in america is roughly you get
penalized ten cents on every dollar you
steal that's the penalty that's the
business model in terms of kobe
laundered 380 billion dollars how is
that compared to Silk Road which was
used as an excuse of see headlines like
this all the time that Bitcoin is used
for money laundering or buying drugs or
things like that right so Ross Ulbricht
it was with the Silk Road he's in now
serving life in jail
anybody from Wachovia in prison mostly
from HSBC they just received built this
was in the the revelry they never went
to court so I was gonna say the court
case but there was never a court case so
this was in the discovery what happened
with HSBC is that they actually
physically designed like the
interval of a tracer or a ledger they
created a physical box uniquely for the
Mexican drug cartels to deliver money to
HSBC branches in Mexico City and here
they don't go to prison they they never
were charged with anything they are
given huge bonuses and the bonuses are
driven by stock options that go up in
value based on the stock price based on
stock repurchases and buybacks funded by
0% interest rates from the central banks
so the central bank is a is a complex so
again Bitcoin is fighting this fight
that's what bitcoin is putting these
guys hopefully six feet under bitcoin is
the revolution Bitcoin is the means by
which there will be a lot of as we saw
in the 1930s bankers jumping out of
windows that that's that's part of the
the goal that was really fun max oh I
enjoyed it immensely well don't go away
stay tuned for much more after the break
stay there
welcome back to the castle report on Max
Keiser our special guests stunning ray
from you two coy sunny
welcome to the Kaiser report days we
have me it's great to have you on you
know I've been following your career
really for a long time and you're one of
the earliest guys into Bitcoin and of
course in India it's a great place for
Bitcoin to flourish because it is a next
generation of financial technology in a
country that's looking for next
generation financial technologies and of
course it took off like gangbusters it's
hugely successful and then I was just
reading that the Indian government
they're not being friendly ray what's
going on so the RBI the Reserve Bank of
India has recently announced that it's I
mean in short they don't want banks and
payment companies to be working with
cryptocurrency companies like the
surprise was it a surprise I mean I've
read the Bitcoin white paper like six
years ago so not a complete surprise but
yeah I mean a little bit I mean a
surprise okay so here's how much contact
you have with the government now at this
time with unicorn which is one of the
largest crypto exchanges in India how
much interface you have with the
government I mean quite a bit quite a
bit we know almost every regulator
there's like maybe 7 or different
departments that are looking very
closely at Bitcoin we have relationships
and many of them but you know the
different government bodies don't always
work together they're like you know a
multi-headed monster where one had you
know kind of does things without knowing
what the other one does to some extent
and so yeah so this this was a little
bit out of left field with the RBI's
announcement but like you said you know
in December you know it's not just you
know coin like we started the show in
India but there's like 2025 exchanges
all by really really smart people backed
by smart investors but the RBI decided
that you know that they didn't now one
thing that important to note is they did
not ban Bitcoin
so even there's politicians on YouTube
saying hey if you want to buy Bitcoin
with cash you want to trade it between
yourselves go ahead we just don't want
the banking system interacting
is this a period of maybe a bit of
transition from Bitcoin
naivete to a Bitcoin real politique what
I mean by that is that when we all start
in the business when it got started
there was a feeling that it would solve
problems and that was a fantastic
paradigm shifting technology that would
bank the unbanked particularly in
countries where in India for example
where you know this would be such a step
up for a huge portion of the population
that didn't have access to bank accounts
and so and and is it in a case of now a
slightly different mental attitude
toward Bitcoin if my if my question
makes sense in other words the promise
of Bitcoin is so fantastic and yet it's
being in my view I'll say this in my
opinion it's being stifled by a
bureaucratic machine that maybe is not
really gonna take on all the warm and
fuzzy aspects of this technology and why
it's so great right what do you think
about that what I just said first they
ignore you then they laugh at you then
they fight you then you win I think
we're at the den they fight Indian who
said that I think yeah I think we're
kind of at that stage I mean look at the
last three months since December I mean
the price of Bitcoin I'll just take a
big hit but you had like some of the
biggest companies in the world like
Google Facebook Twitter saying that
they're gonna ban ads you had banks you
know coming down on Bitcoin globally and
so I think it's you know it's it's hard
but I think at the same time it's kind
of good why because you talked about
banking the unbanked so I don't know
coin up until you know even now we only
deal with people who have bank accounts
because we're forced to but if we now
cannot work with people in banks we're
only going to be working in the unbanked
sector so in a weird way it's gonna
accelerate our progress towards towards
our goal so yeah like I said you know in
Bitcoin nothing ever surprises you like
I had a desk job for ten years I could
go back to that but I chose this space
because it's difficult it's hard and and
there weren't enough people you know
working on these big challenges and so
you're ready to work around anything and
the obstacle that comes down and your
crypto to cash we're doing we're looking
at crypto to crypto we're looking at you
know white labeling we're looking at you
know moving our order book outside of
India and maybe you know like there's
like I could list 20 different things
that we could do we're not gonna die
we're a cockroach right okay now it's
similarly in China you know they've
they're now going down the path
aggressively of decentralized exchanges
right because the government's like
trying to attack the exchanges the
exchanges you know as I've said from the
beginning I've always been the point of
failure because it's the interface with
Fiat and if there's gonna be a clamp
down that's where they're gonna go
that's really going to attack moving
along too now some comments made in New
York about going after exchanges and
just looking at their price discovery
mechanism how they how they maintained
their order books they want cracking and
other exchanges to start answering to
regulators cracking the response has
been basically we don't care what we
don't reckon answer your letter we're
not a good answer you inquiry we're glad
we're not part of New York and you know
we can exist with that this regulatory
framework and they've taken a very that
approach of like the damn the torpedoes
we're going straight ahead you know very
aggressive are you guys part of that
movement is that is it mean it's just a
global movement it can't really be
derailed at this point can it no but I
what will happen is entrepreneurs like
myself and capital and we have 150
employees and millions of users we're
gonna have to focus our attention
towards decentralized exchanges and
guess what that's not such a bad thing
because when I think back to five six
years ago when I first got in a Bitcoin
all.we obsessed about was building a
decentralized exchange but I think it
was early you know but I think now the
texts come a long way I'm not saying
it's gonna be easy but we are seriously
considering that path as well okay so
the unicorn is I'm
making news right here considering that
model right it's it's in the warehouse
it's on the shelf you can pull it off
put its engineers to work on it and keep
keep keep that will lights on and keep
rolling believe it
alright fantastic so now let's talk
about the conference blockchain economic
event B and how many years has it been
running I've been doing events for six
seven years and starting in India that's
how I met my co-founders sattvic and
Irish and IB and started to know coin
and so about a year and a half ago or
two years ago I started living in Canada
again because this is where I'm from and
I noticed a disconnect I noticed that
there was a lot of Bitcoin events but it
was like in coffee shops and bars and
basements and I wanted to do an event
once every three or four months where
people would look forward to it and they
would kind of remember back and be like
hey remember when Mac said and and so
that was the initial goal that was kind
of the bigger goal was we wanted to be
the catalyst for 10 unicorns out of
Toronto and and like I just said on
stage you know there's this like miss
notion that that I that we try and make
money on these advances the truth is is
firstly I don't even make money on this
and I'm telling you that because nothing
like the other thing wrong with making
money but I literally do these events
because I love Toronto and love
blockchain and I want the smartest
people in the world like yourself like
Adam back like Chris I said it I want
people like you to come here and and you
know and share the gospel of interesting
the way these events are kind of taken
on different characters so in the Miami
event this past year it was very Lambeau
oriented a lot of icos and the chesty
busty women you know you know it's very
like Playboy Mansion meets Satoshi okay
then this event is more as you say
you've got some original
gangster types Adam back this year you
know he's one of the solid guys he
referenced in the white paper you know
you've got other really hopeful profile
folks and I met here - 15 year old kids
that came to the event they're into
blockchain they're figuring out how to
apply blockchain to genomes and
artificial intelligence and this is the
this is what gives me hope sunny is that
this next generation coming up is
completely empowered by blockchain
and they are ready to take this to the
next level are you seeing that as well
so for this event tickets are four
hundred dollars a head if you're a
student you got a free ticket I should
probably say that on camera but that was
our kind of secret deal was that we just
wanted young people in here yeah because
they're the future and and yeah so
anyways a big little emotional but
definitely that's a big part of it right
so the event itself it kind of operates
it's a think tank and a gathering place
and try to help the ecosystem in
whatever way you can
where as a unit coin you know that's
you're more of your day job and you're
you know pounding that forward and bring
it through the startup cycle and and how
is the startup environment now is it the
DI Co market is that we had a huge I co
market in 2017 regulators came in they
really put on a huge amount of service
you know not surveillance but looking at
all these times where are we in that
cycle so our last when December I did
another event where we had Edmond Moy
the 38th director the US Mint was also a
Bitcoin evangelist as our keynote that
sort of things we try and get like like
oh geez like you said and anyway so he
came and he you know he shared some some
insight with us and he did say that look
the hammer was gonna come down on ICO is
and look I'm a big fan of the free
market so from that perspective I love
you know everything but personally as
someone who spent time in the financial
services sector
I worry a little bit about I SEOs and
and what's happening now and and you
know could be argued that a lot of the
the clamp down now is happening not just
because of Bitcoin goes Vic was been
around for 78 years but it's because of
this ICO phenomenon again I caution
people like that's why I do these events
is because I try and find some of the
better projects and then put them on
stage so people can interrogate them and
ask some questions but like I think it's
not it's not the secret I'm I'm
personally not super bullish on on icos
but I do believe there will be a few
that will succeed and might change the
game the word around the street has
always been that you know you can buy
Bitcoin on an exchange but do you very
quickly put it off exchange into into
cold storage into a paper wall into a
hard wall because these exchanges they
tend to be vulnerable going back to the
mount Cox
which everyone still remembers because
it was a huge event so at you know coin
where is the industry on the security
front so that people have more of a
confidence that when they go to
exchanges that they're going to be
getting the security that they need so
just just honest I know we partnered
with blockchain dot info blockchain calm
and we have a partnership where through
our API a customer in India can buy and
sell bitcoins straight from blockchains
meaning they're holding their own
private keys and they just hit our API
to make the purchase and as soon as the
bitcoins become the account essentially
like the money market became with Jax
we're partnering with mycelium and so
yeah we see that as like the the next
evolution right where people hold their
own private keys but we act as just the
mediator for for liquidity right well
that makes a lot of sense
how is volume and trend being analyzed
single I mean volume is ridiculous right
up until December we were onboarding
10,000 users a day a day like we
literally couldn't keep up with it but
yet obviously everyone was like in the
last few months the the markets you know
definitely calmed down a bit personally
I kind of like it when things are not
like through the roof and everybody and
your neighbors talking about but I like
it when everyone's like nah this is
never gonna work and it's failed that's
when I get most excited what's the next
event we can look forward to um three or
four months we get another one I'm
trying to do something called blockchain
Expo okay maybe later this year much
bigger more grander and yeah that sounds
exciting yeah I do have to go back on
Steve I love you guys thanks Manny and
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Cosmo report it's me max keiser
Stacy Herbert I'd like to thank our
guests on array of Unicoi trying to
catch us on Twitter which guys the
report until next time bye y'all
