hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
we live in surreal times a short time
ago even imagining a negotiated end to
the tensions on the Korean Peninsula was
a flight into fancy but here we are is
this becoming a foreign policy victory
for Trump
crosstalking Trump's foreign policy I'm
joined by my guest mark Sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have exhibit Murrow he
is the founder of the Center for
political strategic analysis strat poll
and we have dmitriyevitch he is the
political analyst with Sputnik
International all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate exhibiting let me go
to you first we're gonna devote a good
part of this program to what's going on
in the Korean Peninsula however the
president of the country that you come
from France was visiting the United
States how would you sum up macrons
visit because if you want my two cents
it was quite humiliating for the French
president quite humiliating it's exactly
the world I would like to use and in my
opinion Trump again show that he very
well-put is meeting with the different
chief of state and in my opinion he had
some remorse because it wasn't in some
majors that America has a special sexual
orientation and so he played with him
and he looked like he was being played
with yeah I think you know even if
you're not really interested in politics
the visuals of their encounter I mean
it's gone viral and everyone's laughing
okay I'm not trying to put exactly mark
exactly I'm not trying to protect
America but in my opinion what did
America Trump what did the lab Trump is
unacceptable
and in my opinion it's a mistake because
America came really as a friend to Trump
and it just has given the the evidence
that is a royal freedom I can tell the
Syria I guess the developed wine was
tried to dissuade Trump from going
leaving the Iran deal but he didn't get
anything okay had to admit to media that
well I didn't change his mind but
apparently he did make the claim among
families he may have made Trump commit
to staying in series remind me Nicolas
Sarkozy because when Nikolas Sarkozy was
chosen by French people
it was Sarkozy American email his first
pitch just a Furby enacted about how the
US
to be our grid friend the problem is
Obama came as a president and Obama I
don't know why hated Sarkozy because it
was because Sarkozy was supporting the
Republicans but the result is a Sarkozy
after one year at popular understand
that the real friend of Nicolas Sarkozy
was the Russian because when he came in
Russia and I hope it will be the same
for America we seen for weeks when he
came in Russia he was welcomed like we
have to admit you know going back
through history here here's one of his
foreign policy successes was to be
involved in the mediation of ending this
and the conflict in South Ossetia
friendship I'll I don't know about body
language but let's look at the facts
that was the first visit by a leader of
a major European country since Trump
came to power when Trump came to power
Makran said and the leaders of the
European Union said that Trump and Putin
were I'm quoting a threat to European
democracy that they were dangerous so
when did Trump spoke to be dangerous
let's get past the optics of the
bromance from Trump leading McCrone
along like like a newlywed or a little
French poodle to the to the album cover
the alternative rock album cover of the
mall planting trees in the yard together
and very awkward very strange poses but
that you know the reality is as right
after that Makran went and spoke to
Congress and spoke quite vehemently
against every one of Trump's policies
and beliefs so you know I don't think
Trump was full Makran didn't get
anything that he came out of there this
was all about optics and then
these were bad all of these all of these
Western media journalists commenting on
body language and bringing in body
language experts and everything it's all
ridiculous it's all ridiculous but you
know but you know mark because I I agree
with you is ridiculous but that's kind
of the default position when there is no
substance and there was no real is now
being hailed after Merkel has failed as
the new leader of the free world right
the new leader of the free world just
bombed Syria saying it was for the honor
of the international community or at
least the three that the to Trump and
his two client states that attacked
Syria there on earth I see site Rico
sykes-picot also said the part of his
reason for doing it was to prove that he
is the equal of Makran uuuuu dear little
globalist bankster you know you are no
Obama during the last years of his
mandate as a president always expanded
no I went against Putin Putin never
talked about it
but it was already another it's me I
played Putin I win I win all right
pigeon chess grandmaster of pigeons in
my opinion of macro really want to be
the white Obama and if you look if you
listen to what he said when he was in
the United State for instance it's not
politics
it's a you will save the planet front
there is no planet B here's some
communicants will prepare such you know
formula
he should've met with Trudeau I think
actually before before Trump the first
bromance is between Emmanuel
all right I'm gonna hold my nose on that
one there Jenna let's talk about some
real substance here Dima
things are moving quite quickly on the
Korean Peninsula
I've been following it very closely like
everyone else but I said I think there's
a fundamental misunderstanding in
Western media about what's really going
on because this is what's really going
on is the Koreans deciding their fate
irrespective of who wants to take credit
for it I like the headline that the moon
above Obama gave to its article
described in this meeting a most hopeful
and most hopeful Korean summit with
little chance of final success
what is building it in there is the only
option if it had been just between
Koreans the problem would have been
solved long ago we see that there is no
real perennial animosity there is no
real hurdle between Koreans the problem
is not about North Korea not being able
to reform itself it is reforming itself
the problem is with the Western wars
which in the last 20 years changed
completely changed beyond recognition
and which cannot agree to any kind of
compromise even if that allows you to
lessen than the nuclear danger what the
underlining thing that no one talks
about mark in Western media because most
Western media they don't know what
they're talking about about anything
most of the time is that the Koreans may
just determine their own destiny without
an outside power this is something that
is hard to stomach in the swamp I've got
three examples to bring that home for
you the New York Times the New York
Times has a Twitter account the New York
Times at war which focuses on their war
canoe which they had an article the with
cameras rolling Korea's leaders put a
peaceful spin on propaganda the New York
Times that war header was the moment in
which Kim and mr. moon stepped on the
border was one of several images that
displayed both countries understanding
of the propaganda value of political
theater well this is a
cautionary warning about peace from the
new york times at war number two Fortune
magazine Fortune magazine
South Korea and North Korea handshakes
peace talks hurt u.s. defense stocks
okay who's here isn't winning from the
legalization god forbid the five largest
US military industrial complex
contractors lost ten point two billion
dollars in one day who will cry when
when peace occurs two Lockheed Martin
Northrop Grumman General Dynamics
Raytheon and Boeing and last but not
least I give you a reporter from the US
military Stars and Stripes newspaper Bob
Reed he commented North and South Korea
agree on denuclearization of the
peninsula but fall short of specifics
which is true yet his president moon
seeking a separate peace with the north
side stepping the all-important u.s.
security interest see this is it this is
what this is what Western media and the
think tanks they can't comprehend it's
not about them this is their real big
problem here no it's very interesting is
that the North Korean regime if we can
use that word this is a very calculated
plan on their part and they understood
what happened in Libya they understood
what happened in Iraq okay
so they come to the peace table strong
and in support Athens and with nuclear
weapons and with the goal of maintaining
their sovereignty I don't understand
what's going on in in the think tanks in
Washington DC this is as patently
obvious as it gets okay
there is a country we talked to who
talked to Norton and thousand Korea is
Russia South Korea and China and China
is a special zone of influence but if
there is a reconciliation between North
and South Korea we will lose the US this
was known either to have some US troops
US troops still stayed you have any idea
how much a year in that
not only and not only in South Korea in
Japan Japan yeah well the Japanese so
want to see this happen oh they don't go
historical and why he is between the
Koreas in Japan the globalist ideology
will also lose that would be the other
major boosts and not just the United
States because I don't think it's in the
United States national interest to have
three aircraft carriers permanently
stationed right next to North Korea's
interest generally let me jump in here
we're gonna go to a short break and
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion on some real news stay
with our team welcome back to crosstalk
where all things are considered on Peter
LaBelle to remind you were discussing
some real news
okay yeah nice thing with this sound the
Korean Peninsula one of the things the
thing is interesting again looking how
Washington reads this and the think
tanks is that they there's the
possibility the tantalizing possibility
that they can flip North Korea to be
danger joy in the Western camp what I
think is really interesting is that
first of all that is not going to happen
and it's probably going to be the other
way around South Korea and we have this
new government under moon very popular
seventy five percent approval rating
last year we had massive protests
against the the former government
against their policies these are V North
Korea I mean the moon has got all of his
ducks lined up and so does Kim and I
think we should focus more on this
internal yes affair among the Korean I
mean I looked at some of the pictures
here I was quite moved to be honest with
you having watched this for so many
decades but the cultural thing which
really you know really brought them they
are the same they really are they come
from the same origins okay I thought
there was a very nice touch here I think
it's we could see them becoming the
feminization of in 2000 the president of
South Korea get well in fact we should
not forget who started the whole thing
there were meetings between the North
Korean and South Korean presidents in
the year 2000 in the year 2007 the group
that scrapped the whole peace process
was the new Conservative government of
South Korea recently headed by Park
geun-hye you know the former president
who is now and well basically was
sentenced to a few years for corruption
so people in Korea why is there such an
approval rating for moon jae-in
people want peace you know the South
Korean government Conservative
government that that scrapped the peace
process is no longer popular I don't
think it was popular when it did these
things and now there is hope again and
who is destroying that hope the global
West you know the collective
it's so odd you know how everything this
flip to you know liberals used to be for
bees you know you know bitter what it
showed it's the West bombs Syria two
weeks ago and the neighbor bombed
North Korea because of nuclear weapon
you want to add proliferation of atomic
weapons nuclear thanks a West yeah
Qaddafi and Saddam Hussein can concur on
that one right this party had no
prejudice against Sarkozy unlike Obama
and look what happened to their great
well he apparently took his money too we
have seen this before there have been
substantial photo ops between North and
South Korean leaders so hopes to markets
right let's let's be skeptical and we
have to be skeptical but there there are
three things that I think make this
situation different than the others and
do give me real signs of hope one and
the first and most important is that
North Korea obtained a credible
strategic deterrent they successfully
developed a nuclear program nuclear
weapons and is deliver missiles right
that could deliver of them they got
everything they wanted they have at the
strategic turret they could now stand
back cancel tests and that's why they
can come to the peace table with
leverage from a position of strength
secondly we have a South Korean leader
who god bless him is willing to see this
and still come to the table with a
reasonable rational way of dealing with
it because he genuinely wants peace and
he is hated moon is hated in the DC blob
and and military establishment he's
despised there and third I'm sorry we
have a u.s. president who is incompetent
right we could we wear whatever much may
be said you cannot credit Trump
promising fire and annihilation on North
Korea as having achieved this now I know
that both the South Korea and North
Korean leaders have credited him there's
a reason for that it's because they
don't want him to ruin it and they're
hoping by buying him into the process
as part of the one who brought it about
that it will be harder for the u.s. to
to sabotage it and the US has long been
the biggest single obstacle to and this
is one of the reasons why I think this
is why the North Koreans also said much
the surprise of many people that they
don't demand an immediate evacuation
withdrawal of all American forces
because you phased right face nation
they do know that you can't make that
demand like saying be gone by the
weekend that's good to be dis
technically it's not going to give up
any substantial part of their nuclear
program until they start to see elements
of actual demilitarization on the South
Korean and American this is going to be
a is gonna be a long confidence-building
process I mean to undo sixty-eight years
of conflict and strife but it's a
containing Trump he did the same with
Syria actually two times he first
shouting three thing and finally he
sends some bombs warning Russian where
they were more or less where they are
going to fall and is exactly the same
with with North Korea e3d
he was aggressive and I would argue I
would argue that Trump walked right into
Kim's gambit this is this has been in
the works Marx absolutely right
secure you you know have a deterrent
secure your sovereignty have options
have a backer than the Chinese to some
extent Russia I mean if we look at
what's being proposed right now where
people are getting all up in a lather go
to the United Nations Security Council
at the end of last year when they had a
round of sanctions against North Korea
and the the Ambassador from Russia the
Ambassador from China read these very
long statements no one in the West
listened to them they listened to the
garbage and the history mister onyx of
Western ambassadors there but this plan
a what was announced at the end of last
year is being put into place right now
if we see some genuine progress on this
right definitely both leaders of North
and South Korea for the Nobel Peace
Prize but they'll have it
no no wait bread they gave a tip Obama
for no reason okay the people the two
other people who did help bring it about
deserve credit
our Putin and Jian Bing yep I don't
expect it
I don't expect that's gonna happen if
Trump gets it as some of the US media
suggested then I would say this is in
the same chain with Gorbachev and with
Obama you know look what happened to the
countries that they blessed with their
peaceful activities so they give it to
the EU not so long ago and to OPC da
that's what it really was a districts
okay I'm back to to Donald Trump doing a
it's a frightening you know when started
to threaten North Korea issue to the war
mongers in the United States what could
be done if we continue right because
because that's why I said in my
introduction I mean not long ago this
would have been a flight into fancy yeah
because there's this inability to think
in different ways we're talking about
war just a few yeah but maybe maybe
because I can't accept that Trump is a
stupid and I would like to imagine that
you know I don't think he's stupid I
mean what my I've always said I'm more
concerned with the company that he keeps
okay
I mean we have john bolton around that's
a very dangerous character a an analyst
and policy maker that to my mind has
never gotten anything right ever in his
entire career okay my coffee mug a
notorious guy that kisses up and spits
down spits it people they don't agree
with him okay here's under listen let's
not forget that Mike Pompeo was was
despite being a Christian fundamentalist
and supporting of torture got enough
Democratic votes to be approved as the
secretary his focus his first official
trip is Huey is to what's to North Korea
I don't know he wasn't said he was he
met with the Saudi Arabia of Saudi
Arabia he also has had meetings and I'm
afraid that
Pompeo is
trying the ownness process and that
scares me even more than trouble because
because he will try to sabotage it from
I'm not a specialist of the United State
of course but couldn't we imagine that
Donald Trump has to give something to
the neo cons who till November this year
I hope that's what he gave them yeah
boom actually boom what boom nothing
actually financially it was the most
disastrous team in the world because
they spent 213 million in order to
destroy one hundred one hundred thousand
dollars worth of of Syrian plants and
storages you know did you see what they
destroyed 76 missiles on plant very I've
read in fact in my opinion choosing for
instance Pompeo shooting Burton maybe
it's a way for Trump to get some times
before the next election I mean the son
of Congress and the House of
Representatives in November because if
the pro-trump Republicans will win the
primaries they is a win on the on the
other representatives so maybe we will
have the beginning of the Trump
administration at this time you just
what you mentioned this k-word win and
this is what Trump want he wants a win
yes this is this is the tension we have
Pompeyo we have Bolton
we have always confused nikki Haley okay
always confused and we have Trump
wanting a win this is the great tension
right now they don't they don't need a
win actually what they need is not to
lose so badly that they lose control of
the House and the Senate and this is why
the neocon zone the administration
because there are enough neo cons that
if Trump made a serious divergent from
established us militarist policy around
the world there's enough neocon votes
decide with the democrats to impeach him
now
that's why all these neo-cons have been
appointed around Trump because they own
the administration by threat of
blackmail impeach forty seconds game
well I just don't know how all of that
is going to pass legally because we have
just heard that there was no collusion
between Trump and Russia and then what
happens to all of these sanctions let me
remind you that the first sanctions were
introduced big cause of the Russian
collusion with Trump's campaign so but
never proven just accusation and now
that sanctions are going to stay even
though the reason for them has been
officially declared by the houses you
integrate it you know even remembers now
the reason for the sanctions only that
Russia needs to be sanctioned alright
gentlemen that's all the time we have
for this segment of the program many
things when I guess here in Moscow this
is the end of our broadcast segment stay
with us for the extended version on our
YouTube channel see you next time and
remember trust on rules okay now this is
the extended version of our program
where we go for political popery mark
you're up yeah I think having lived in
it for so long myself being part of the
military we've tend to forget the
strength that the US military industrial
complex has on our government in our
foreign policy and and to demonstrate
exactly that I give you Wolf Blitzer
roll it
we are refueling the Saudi bombers so we
are essentially part of the bombing
campaign we're helping them choose
targets and we are refueling the Saudi
bombers that are dropping the bombs it
is said that thousands of civilians have
died in Yemen because of this yes we
need to have a debate over this so for
you this is a moral issue because you
know there's a lot of jobs at stake
certainly if a lot of these defense
contractors stop selling warplanes
other sophisticated equipment to Saudi
Arabia they're gonna there's going to be
a significant loss of jobs of revenue
here in the United States that's
secondary from your standpoint and there
you have it Wolf Blitzer tells us what's
really important in the United States on
one hand we have the moral viewpoint
that
bombing and invading Yemen at a cost of
tens of thousands of deaths our UN is
talking starvation of 14 million is
possible right something that could lead
straight to genocide on the other hand
it reminds me very much of the Mike
Morell thing when you know we have to
start killing Russians and Iranians no
pushback no are you suggesting sir
murdering people you know we have us
jobs
I mean who will cry for Northrop Grumman
if we don't give these dog a bombs to
the Wahhabist terror sponsoring
dictatorship of Saudi Arabia to drop on
the poorest country in the world the
children of Yemen then Americans could
lose jobs and us will
military-industrial complex
glue shares his crews that I've said
many times in this program is that them
there are many in power that have lost
any kind of moral compass whatsoever
wolf
well international human rights
organizations say that at least 123
children die in Yemen every day because
of malnutrition because of the blockade
imposed by the Saudis and because of
straight bombs and after all of that the
US media and the European media they
accuse Russia of exploiting children
during their press conference on their
proven chemical attack in Duma on April
the 7th what was Russia's crime let me
just go to what the intercept wrote
about it Russia flew 17 Syrians wrong
war zone to the Hague on Thursday where
they all testified that they had seen no
sign of a chemical attack
end of quote so that the problem is not
that they testified that this chemical
attack never took place and that me
reminder that the bombings raised were
based on that attacked the the Russia's
crime is to flow in 17 witnesses
included a boy port oh yes that was the
justification for the u.s. of its client
states to bomb Syria included the boy
named Hassan Diop who is seen on that
video you know
presented there as one of the victims of
the chemical attack
and what do they write the Syrians have
chosen a boy that had been seen in video
recorded by an opposition activist in
the immediate aftermath of that white
helmets okay you know the problem here
is that they write the boy had been seen
in the video what do I mean every second
but you know this publication is from
the intercept so the intercept is
completely enraged about this they say
that Russia manipulate Robert McKay
exactly and and and then they write also
something else that I think is just
hilarious
the boy was described as a witness and
the problem is that the Russians have no
trees reported anything and their
witnesses did not say anything on what
took place in a nearby residential
building and abode you lied about this
hospital you made a fake video and then
you say this is not relevant in a nearby
building something terrible happened and
the witnesses are talking about
something else
well the witnesses are talking about
something they saw it would be a crime
if they talked about something that took
place in a nearby building The Guardian
The Guardian said obscene masquerade
Russia criticized by them over Duma
chemical attack denial well not only
Russia
we've never proven that it was fun the
11 year old child who was part of this
faked video did right it's you want to
know what an actual obscene masquerade
is right Bona Abed it's okay to exploit
a child as long as it's supporting our
narrative for regime change in theory
the white helmets right gay girl in
Damascus remember that that is an
obscene masquerade Danny the Syrian yeah
that's a masquerade richard Engles
kidnapping in syria yeah that was an
obscene masquerade moderate jihad ease
in Syria the ultimen that's at
masquerade claims of impending genocide
in Libya yeah that was a masquerade
Colin Powell holding up biological
weapons on the floor of the UN Security
Council to attack Iraq the Kuwaiti
ambassador's daughter screaming we could
devote an entire program to all the
masquerade actually it reminds me again
something it's mh17
because t know there is no evidence is
that it the Russian and in my opinion do
you chronometer it but do do you jizz in
aggressive sanctions with what we're
taking against Russia that's the pattern
because I remember that John Kerry went
out on all the sunday news programs and
within hours of the shooting down of the
of the but we still waiting they accuse
but they don't have and they never show
any and they never and they never report
that before mh17 was shot down Daniels
was bombed several times with more
people dying there from bombs than
people who died in that airplane you
mention Ukraine exactly I'm getting
everybody warmed up I think it's gonna
be a very hot May in Ukraine yes no no
in my opinion it's a very very dangerous
moment no why because the weather it is
good for war and Kev as a one short time
when it can do some for the world we
have the World Cup to get the same
boycott
then the Soviet Union get after invading
Afghanistan in the 1980 in my opinion
the next six weeks will be very very
dangerous
I still optimistic because in my opinion
Kiev are not the the resource to start
something which can win the war I mean
is they start something too strong and
they go to control attack they are
contact who knows where we will be
finished because the regime's existence
is at stake exactly and and don't forget
that the first unrest was in Kharkov
even not in Donetsk in Kharkov and all
many people living in all the oldest
the perigee Harkov speaking and just we
are living under the pressure of the
police of this view of the resist
militias and what happened is suddenly
all the the carrion army
start to retreating let's talk about
what's happening in Ukraine the the
Twitter account defending history which
talks it's a Twitter account entirely
devoted to stopping historical
revisionism of what happened in Eastern
Europe in World War two and so on
Dateline Ukraine as Lavrov celebrates
the 75th anniversary of the founding of
the Ukrainian Waffen SS Galicia division
which they will be celebrating with
parades and much fanfare much as like
happens in of regalia Nazi regalia today
the Ukraine post office adds to the fun
by releasing waffen-ss stamps now let's
see if we can get a visual on this here
note major Papa bushi upper right in
full SS storm but fur uniform with
toting cops on the cap now this is Nazi
revivalism funded and armed by us any
you government and taxpayers right
remember there are no Nazis in the
Ukraine right that's all Russian
propaganda except for the ones they put
on their postage stamps would last for
one minute the president of Ukraine
Parliament
Andriy parubiy is known as he is a
writer
from the dirty ideological and this guy
met with our Minister of Foreign Affairs
it was a and shake and shake his hand
and another Sen Catherine Ashton and
sugar cane Justin Trudeau the great
liberal
there is good Islamist and bad Islam is
there is goodness and badness east as
long as you are a good life as long as
you're a good liberal you can think that
way
Dola said in the 1950s when the US was
supporting them back then their moderate
fascists seconds for me to say some
portent poroshenko will face election in
less than 11 months his popularity is
less than 10% the only way for him to
stay in power is to start a war
unfortunately the only way and the
United States have no substitute for him
everyone in Ukraine has a popularity
lower than that know you've run out of
time that's it for this segment of our
program and I can remind you will be
gone for a week we're gonna go on
vacation and we'll be back on May 9th I
think thank you for watching and
remember across hoc rules
