Ethiopia is calling for the return of
artifacts seized by British forces in
the East African nation 150 years ago
the treasures are currently on display
at the UK's Victoria and Albert Museum
Ethiopia first officially requested that
the objects be returned in 2007 the VNA
says it's ready to give the artefacts on
a long-term loan basis but the Addis
Ababa has rejected that offer saying it
wants all of them back permanently
meanwhile the museum says that the
exhibition it's hosting was organized
with the help of the Ethiopian community
in London it also once dialogue with
Ethiopia to keep the artifacts in its
collection a British journalist John
gaunt an Ethiopian and political
commentator are well allo shared their
views on this issue we have looked after
these historical artifacts we have seen
what's happened around the world when we
have left things there I mean I could
point you perhaps say to Iraq stroke
Syria and what happened with Islamic
state absolute nonsense as long as we're
willing to give them out of long-term
loans I think that should be the end of
the matter this is entirely colonial
narrative and I think it is extremely
condescending to say that these nations
are unstable and therefore cannot
provide protection for those looted
artifacts they have sufficient capacity
to do this yes we did take them but it's
even Ethiopia slate completely clean on
this one I mean I just think it's a
confection trowel that doesn't need to
happen we're not saying we won't display
them there we're not saying that when we
displayed them here we're not putting
them in the historical context we are
this is just nonsense the Ethiopian
state continued to be the moral owner at
the same time the legal owner of these
precious artifacts that were looted at
the head of Imperial plunder by the
British the UK has no business
whatsoever to hold them indefinitely and
claim to somewhat have a moral high
ground to loan it to the European people
and to
gian state how long do we have to wear
the horsehair sure for how long do we
have to whip ourselves for having an
empire I mean a lot of what we did when
we had an empire was good I'm not
excusing what happened I can't actually
condone it
I can't excuse it and I can't condemn it
it was over 200 years ago
that December may not be as cosmopolitan
as London or may not have the kind of
infrastructure of facilities that London
has but it is still Africa's capital and
has resources to display these this this
artifacts and people around the world
can actually go and see them it is in
the financial interest of the Ethiopian
people and that you can state if these
people could actually go through it your
pets of see these these artifacts
