red-flag bills in background checks
within five years or next session
reading tomorrow
when governments take guns away from
people
governments kill people happened in the
20s when Joseph Stalin killed 20 million
people happened in the 30s when Mao
Zedong killed 20 million people happened
when Adolf Hitler whose birthday is this
month also April seems to be killing
month killed over 5 million people we
can't let that happen here and we won't
that's why I'm here I would ask people
to research the history of gun control
and that it was mainly brought about to
disarm minorities and to keep power
within the government and to be able to
approach oppressed people and to look at
that history and to also realize that
that's the same outcome we would have if
we have current gun control measures
that go forward
you
you
