mixed martial arts champion Habib
nurmagomedov has returned home to a
hero's welcome in Russia's Dagestan
Republic after beating Conor McGregor in
a UFC title fight that grabbed headlines
for more what happened outside the
Octagon
your solo his people embrace them
Norma gamma DAF showed off his belt
which he retained
- cheering prize at the stadium in his
hometown in Dagestan capital thousands
of fans turned up to congratulate the
fighter who holds the longest unbeaten
record in this sports history
RIT sports reporter Dalia Armstrong was
there among the stands are full as if it
were a match they here at Angie arena
they're all here to see Warren magnate
Habib no Magomedov who had that
fantastic victory over Conor McGregor
thank you for coming here and supporting
me thank you for cheering worrying and
not sleep in the whole night I saw that
in this city in the whole of Dagestan
and right across Russia many people have
been watching I hope I met your
expectations
Thank You brothers thank you very much
for coming and supporting me I swear I
feel embarrassed to leave because so
many people are here to see and support
me and thank you very much during that
fight here in Makhachkala thousands and
thousands of funds just as they're here
inside the stadium were inside movie
theaters and restaurants wherever was
showing a live broadcast they were
absolutely crazy when he was announced
the winner and happy let's not forget
the first Russian fighter to win a year
sea championship and he defended here
the weekend in the best way possible the
fight ended in controversy though when
nurmagomedov sparked a huge brawl after
leaping out of the cage to confront one
of Connor's team for taunting him
officials are yet to decide on a
punishment McGregor was also involved in
a post fight altercation when some of
his rivals entourage entered the Octagon
ala clash ensued
here's how you're gonna get off father
and coach use what happened
let's say on a scale from 1 to 5 the
fight was 4 + but his jump out of the
Octagon cannot be assessed in any way
discipline must come first I think I
should punch him from the right or the
left straight to the airport and say
what did we teach you tactically the
fight conforms to what we expected in
the first round in the very first minute
we managed to control McGregor to pin
him impose the fight speed that worked
him out in the second round we managed
to carry out that plan
you
