fresh-faced but same old words it seems
America's new Secretary of State's Mike
Pompeo has kicked off his new role with
a speech at the NATO headquarters in
Brussels saying the alliance will
continue countering Russian aggression
let's get more on Pompey's w now I'm
joined by Kelly mopping our
correspondent over in the States what
exactly then Caleb did the new Secretary
of State have to say well he's only been
sworn in for a day but now ex-cia chief
and now Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
he's speaking at the NATO headquarters
in Brussels and when he spoke he
actually reminisced a little bit about
his time in the US military when he
served in Germany this is Pompeo in
Brussels we talked a lot about that the
changing nature of the threat from
Russia when I was a young soldier it was
t-72 tanks and t60 tanks rolling across
the then East German plane this is today
is different and we collectively each of
each nation individual and NATO together
must come up with solutions to address
that there were lots of ideas there was
enormous consensus of the risk that it
poses to the West
now Stoltenberg the NATO chief seemed
quite warm and receptive to the new
Secretary of State from the USA he had
some nice words for Pompeo this is this
is the NATO chief addressing Mike Pompeo
his long and buried experience including
serving as a soldier in in in Germany
during the Cold War provides him a
perfect background for being the top
diplomat of the United States now it's
also important to note that while he was
speaking
Pompeyo was quite critical of Germany
for not achieving the 2% military
spending target there's a 2% military
spending target that NATO countries are
expected to reach and at this point
Germany has not yet reached that target
now it's interesting to note however
that a poll among Germans showed that
German
are much more concerned about US
president Donald Trump and then think
that he's a bigger threat to world peace
than then u.s. President President
Vladimir Putin now they're much more
threatened by the USA and president
Trump than they are by Russia so it was
quite interesting to note that but
Pompeo received a warm reception but as
always he did talk up the the
possibility and and play up the idea
that there is a consensus that the NATO
countries are facing some kind of threat
from Russia and bring his Rada today
there that's our correspondent in New
York Kelly Maupin thank you
