hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
Trump's foreign policy could be
described as double speak the president
doesn't have a defined policy approach
even goals are difficult to discern is
this what the art of the deal means is
Trump's foreign policy making America
great again and the world safer
crosstalking Trump's foreign policy I'm
joined by my guest michael Vlahos in
washington he is a professor of strategy
at the johns hopkins university also in
washington we have Daniel Faraci he is
the director of grassroots political
consulting and in New York we cross to
George Samuli he is a fellow at the
global Policy Institute of London an
author of the book bombs for peace all
right gentleman crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate it
Michael let me go to you first in
Washington you are after all a professor
of strategy so given what we've seen of
this administration well so they say
does this president have in foreign
policies strategy go ahead mister
strategists strategy can be the thing
itself or it can be a representation of
the formulas and Nostrum
that float among the the privileged the
ruling elites and thus I think you see
Trump speaking to the people who most
enthusiastically support him right his
base so-called and he is speaking for
them as in their voice and in that sense
much of the rhetoric and delivery of his
foreign policy is really shaped to fit
his constituency and part of that is
sloughing off this elaborate Kabuki
theater and highly choreographed ballet
that marked elitist foreign policy since
1945 and so a lot of that's for show and
it's very effective now when it comes to
the substance of his foreign policy it
also reflects his constituents and they
are they like the idea of America first
and of course he uses that phrase and
and so I'd call his worldview foreign
policy a kind of America first version
of world leadership which may sound
contradictory but I don't think it is
what it means essentially is detachment
yeah well I think it is its detaching
yeah go ahead finish your thought go
ahead finish it huh no finish your
thought no the point is that there's a
whole level of spin and representation
that is not necessarily moored to the
actual relationships he's pursuing so a
lot of this is is very self conscious
grandstanding for the domestic audience
and he's toning down the leadership and
and saying we will be world leader if
it's really helps the u.s. first okay
all right I guess that's why it's so
confusing to understand president Trump
George because if we if we just say good
Michael said there I mean if Trump is
you know representing his base then he's
betraying everything he said that you
would do for the base okay looks like
we're nation-building in Syria tearing
up probably them one of the most
important non-proliferation agreements
with Iran okay I I'll say it I didn't
like Obama's foreign policy but I
thought the Iran deal was a good deal
and it has shown to be a good deal why
is he doing that is again grandstanding
just because Obama did it is that a
strategy go ahead George well I think
the his antagonism towards Obama trying
to differentiate himself from Obama
plays a part in it but I think that
Trump really has no strong views on
anything I mean he's been on pretty much
on every side of every issue throughout
his long life I mean he's been for
abortion against abortion for
immigration against immigration for gun
control against gun control so what he
ran on in 2016
wasn't really his final view on anything
he found that that kind of America first
and a kind of quasi isolationist policy
work for him and it swept him to power
it probably rather surprised him that it
was as successful as it was once he got
into office he kind of abandoned all of
that and occasionally he still comes out
with his rhetoric about the oh we've
wasted 17 trillion dollars in the Middle
East and we could have spent all this
money on
building roads and bridges you know but
he's still pursuing the same policy in
the Middle East he still comes out with
the stuff that he was doing in 2016
about well wouldn't it be great if we
got along with Russia yeah but he hasn't
done anything about it and you know he's
had every opportunity since winning the
election of seizing this issue and
saying hey I ran on this platform and
this is this is what's going to happen
you know that we are going to abandon
these ridiculous projects in the Middle
East we are going to try to improve
relations with Russia this is what I won
the election but he hasn't died and he
is so quite happily just gone along with
the the Washington swamp that he had so
eloquently denounced in 2016
yeah well Daniel in this the same
foreign policy swamp denounced him as
candidate okay and what and I think it's
pretty clear that you know because his
appointees are slow in coming because
Congress won't appoint a vote on them
you still have these old deep state
actors still there and then he on top of
it
he's certainly he's put surrounded him
with people like John Bolton and Pompeyo
I mean they have nothing to do with the
vision that he presented during the
campaign now I'll agree with George he's
flip-flopped all through his life go
ahead Daniel in Washington few ways says
simplify things his main foreign policy
is wherever he has a personal financial
interest and branding opportunity and
that's really first and foremost where
his heart and soul is be and as George
had articulated this is a lifelong
Democrat who turned himself into a tea
party evangelical conservative for that
36 percent base to win the election
which was a 30-year record low turnout
and he did a brilliant job at it the
irony the grand irony is now that he
holds office he has given capitulated
everything there is no White House
policy toward the intelligence community
the Pentagon war State whatsoever there
are autonomous to create their own and
the one thing he stayed true on
throughout that whole thing is he's like
a Donald W Obama he
is a hawkish neocon we were going to get
that whether you add Hillary Clinton or
Donald Trump and if you really look as
to what he spoke at on the campaign
trail and throughout his life
that's his ideology so that reflects
very well as to why we are where we are
in Syria why a Bolton is hired
you know in case negotiations don't go
well in North Korea the Iran deal and
I'm not a President Obama apologist
either but that is the one other caveat
Peter that you pointed out the Iran deal
TPP Paris climate Accord in all
negotiation for him as he pledged on the
campaign trail that he wasn't Obama he
has disdained for him on behalf of his
personal loyalty with the Clintons
ironically over many years and that
guides him going the opposite way of
Obama and a lot of those key issues you
know Michael one of the issues they did
that during the campaign and and after
he became president as though his
critics would say that he would be in
jurist to American allies let's think in
terms of the Middle Eastern and and NATO
okay but you know he's surrounded by
people that are supporting policies that
in fact do do that when we look at the
Iran deal
we had McCrone in Washington Merkel is
going to show up I mean they're
advocating they could keep the the
treaty alive and you know in in this
this is really interest to the to the
Alliance I mean I I would like to see
NATO completely dissolved and have a
completely new security arrangement in
Europe I think that's what Donald Trump
he actually was thinking about during
the campaign so I mean the outside world
must be looking I know they are looking
at him in bewilderment because where is
he gonna go at next I mean the the
attack on Syria recently that was
against international law the whole
world looks at it that way not the
foreign policy blob in Washington
they've probably never heard of
international law go ahead Michael I
think that the US presidency for some
time maybe 30 40 years has been captured
by yeah the sort of set relationships
it has to have and in many ways the
dependent countries of NATO even the
great powers like France Germany and
Britain are essentially pulling the
strings and I think part of trumps
approach was to put them in the
situation where they felt less secure
about the relationship and thus would be
more pliant and more willing to to come
to to mr. Trump and that seems to have
work yes it might suggest as his
blustering yeah and it seems to have
created the movement in North Korea
neither Germany certainly not Britain
and France either are willing to step up
and take over the defense of their realm
and they are not merely dependent on the
US but they've grown yes needy and and
and so the US doesn't want to be in a
position where it has to jump every time
NATO gets at which and so what he's
doing is redefining the strengths of the
u.s. in the alliance without over
committing and also this kind of
representation speaks well with his base
and they they're excited because the
u.s. is acting like the great power let
me ask you let me ask you but you know
with this this paradigm here does it
actually make America more solid in the
Alliance and doesn't make the Alliance
more solid because what we have here is
a moral hazard okay they're not the
Europeans or you know they say they're
gonna spend money and all that but
they're just gonna look to Washington
for their defense and you have a
president it's actually quite skeptical
about all of these things I mean that's
kind of a very dangerous thing to be in
okay because you I mean the European
NATO allies are like drug addicts they
keep going to watch and then they get
their next fix I'll give you the last 20
I'll give you the last 20 seconds in
this part go ahead and Michael go ahead
the u.s. is in a stronger position and
the the word injurious that you brought
up is only relevant I think if there
actually
is a threat to NATO and with Angola on
the horn with mr. Putin all the time I
don't really see the great crisis
especially now that the US has backed
off a little from Ukraine that was the
great danger and well my problem there I
see more let me jump in here we're gonna
go to a break we're gonna talk a lot
about Ukraine in May mark my words here
after a short break we'll continue our
discussion on Trump's foreign policy
staying with our team welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter Lebel to remind you
were discussing Trump's foreign policy
let me go back to George in New York an
interesting thing with its McCrone visit
and when we an have to resume in her
domestic crisis is at home we I'm
thinking of the Salisbury alleged
chemical weapons attack then we had the
attack on Syria and it really
interesting to me how they talk about
Syria now we had McCrone he said France
and the you US and allies to quote build
Syria of tomorrow oh by the way the
United States is making it illegal for
other company countries and companies to
actually help Syria rebuild it can't be
in the part of the Syria where the
domestic government has control so
George it's about exactly 100 years ago
we had sykes-picot redrawing the Middle
East it seems like Imperial habits die
really hard and on top of that don't you
think France the United States and its
allies have quote helped the Syrian
people enough go ahead George
that's exactly right it was hilarious
listening to macro and discussing Syria
and this role that you know the France
was going to play in Syria that doesn't
even realize that a few days earlier
the Syrians were celebrating a day of
independence independence when France
evacuated Syria that's that's what the
Syrians are celebrating the departure of
the French the idea that they can now go
to be welcoming their former colonial
masters with open arms is laughable but
I do think that the American French
British policy in Syria is actually
rather dangerous because while they they
have no real prospect of winning because
they don't have any likely candidate who
can form any sort of a government in
Syria what they can do is to prevent any
kind of a settlement in Syria and I
think that's really what they get to try
and do and which is to prevent
any kind of consolidation of Syrian
government control because all the
various candidates I mean the Americans
proposal for the SDF we which is a
largely Kurdish that's that's not a
no-go because the Turks don't want them
and you know the Syrians are not going
to accept Kurdish rule and so that's
that's out so what they ever get to try
and do is I think keep the war going
largely by feeding again the various
jihadis and therefore just when you
prevent what what they see is Russian
consolidation in Syria and I think
that's I think a danger and I do think
that Ukraine is also a danger I think
that you - there are still very powerful
forces within Washington notably the
John Bolton's that and prepares who want
to stir up Ukraine and relaunch some
kind of a war there
well I and they go to Daniel there's a
see a Western mainstream media doesn't
take any interest in these things but
I'm not closer to this situation and
things are getting to a boiling point in
Ukraine that's why May is good to be a
very hot hot month
oh right before FIFA the World Cup in
Moscow I'm sure there's no connection
there okay and Daniel I mean you know
looking at Syria we can talk a little
bit maybe about Ukraine some more later
but you know you have this flip-flopping
going back and forth and I'm going to
agree with Michael I I think that Trump
is really expressing the views of his
base so they don't like these foreign
entanglements these interventions and
the terrible waste of money when he
wants to get an investment bill passed
in the United States which desperately
needs an improvement in an
infrastructure here so I mean he seems
to wanted to have both ways but he can't
have both go ahead Daniel yeah and
tweets and rhetoric aside from policy is
always something to decipher with this
president but I disagree with both of
you a little bit on a few points one on
NATO there's not this grand reefs kiemce
where France and Germany and everyone
are in love with us over NATO and are
going to reach their commitments and in
fact our commitment of two percent is
bogus because we don't even count Iraq
or Afghanistan intervention in our NATO
estimates and if we really included
things properly there would be a little
more of a balance but none of that has
worked out and also backing off of
Ukraine
I guess I'm agreeing with you Peter and
disagreeing with Michael a bit we did
not back off of Ukraine whatsoever and I
have spoken on this program many times
on the proxy war with Ukraine and with
Syria and sanctions that are meant as
part of a geopolitical bipolar scheme of
ours with China and South Korea to
counter Russia on natural resources in
the Arctic and we're trying to bankrupt
Russia from being able to develop up
there and in fact over the last two
weeks I mean I get new news on that all
the time where we're demanding that the
waterway be open for international
development and traffic as well as what
we're doing in Syria to continue to back
jihad ease allow the Turks to do what
they're doing in the north
working with Europe and now encouraging
the Gulf to come in and develop and
basically take over northern Syria Trump
spoke with McCrone and basically talked
about how it was ours and our territory
to prevent Iran from expanding is a
Mediterranean and that's why I mentioned
sykes-picot because that was a partition
and this is what they want to do is
another partition yes Michael you know
one of the things that's happened in the
last week or so can I jump one you want
to finish a point go ahead go ahead go
ahead Daniel finish yeah I was kind of
it same one one final point
non-intervention is not Trump space
Trump space that Tea Party 36% or all
neo cons and hawks as well of the baby
boomer generation so while that rhetoric
sometimes works because that might be
what Trump is thinking for the minute or
not they or the John Bolton's and Mike
Pompeo always it's it's very there was a
really interesting post-mortem of the
2016 election and there is evidence very
strong and
a number of counties were flipped
because of the anti-war sentiment that
they were Democrats but they were they
actually supported Trump's
non-interventionist view so I would
differ we thought Michael I have a kind
of a much bigger question to ask you
over in the last week or so we've heard
these murmurings that France in the
United States and Great Britain want to
start going around the Security Council
at the United Nations so they can pursue
their Syria policy I find this really
very troublesome and dangerous here
because we have to remember what the
Security Council was established for in
the first place it was to make sure that
would never be another third war third
world war and now they were but these
major powers we're talking in like 19th
century terms again these great powers
they don't want to use international
institutions they abhor international
law or they're just above it that is
very dangerous because as dysfunctional
as the UN is it the UN United Nations
Security Council actually works the way
it's supposed to where you don't have a
coalition of great powers that would
brush aside the concerns of others here
I find it truly disturbing and it's the
same powers 100 exactly 100 years later
that carved up the Middle East and they
want to do it again go ahead Michael
well the u.s. is in a difficult position
I think of trying to restrain
developments that could really upend a
world
I don't know stability peace whatever
you want to call a non-ideal situation
that's still better than the worst and
and and this kind of pushing locally is
what Israel and Saudi Arabia are doing
visa vie Iran you see that in Qatar and
then also what you mentioned the
meddling of Britain and France which
have been doing it in Syria for 250
years and of course when I talked about
the u.s. aggressiveness in Ukraine I was
referring to Secretary of State Clinton
and I think the US needs to pull back
enough with the positive effect
of seeing to meet the needs of the base
raining in the neo-cons who are not yet
completely in control and not pursuing
policies that will inevitably lead to
war while at the same time looking
strong so this I think brings us to the
nub of of current the current vector of
of mr. Trump which is to make a deal
with Korea which is outside of the
realms that we've been talking about and
that would give his administration a
sufficient authority then to more
effectively rein in the Israel Britain
France Saudi Arabia's that are causing
all sorts of pesky problems and might
create a basis for coming to some kind
of agreement with mr. Putin in the
future and that the vehicle for that the
framework for that has not been
established but that doesn't mean it
cannot be established so it's a it's a
very fine line I think the president is
trying to to follow well there's so many
opportunities that are being squandered
left and right that's what makes this
such a dangerous and tragic time you
know you know George you know let's look
at the reputational issue here I've said
it many times in this program here
Trump wants to tear up the Iran deal
while he wants to make a deal with the
Koreans I mean I mean that's kind of odd
you know I mean because because then the
next minute administration comes in and
they're gonna renege as well I mean the
United States puts itself in such an
awkward hypocritical position by doing
that particularly again I don't like
giving credit to Barack Obama I really
don't but this was a good deal okay and
I'd like to correct the President of the
United States all that money that they
got it was their money it was their
assets it wasn't a gift everybody it was
Paul so an arms deal
they went didn't completely go through
in the 1970s in 400 million dollars and
they had to pay interest on it so no
there was no gift to Iran go ahead
George reputation issue of course yes of
course absolutely correct and that's all
point I mean that it's very hard to see
how
kind of an agreement is possible in
North Korea because the North Korean
leaders would be absolutely insane to
give up their nuclear capability in
return for what in return for an empty
American promise that we won't attack
you why would anyone want to believe
that well you know once Trump goes the
next president whether it's tense or
nikki Haley will immediately get back on
that agreement and will indeed attack
North Korea so it would be an absolutely
insane policy to go for just going back
to what you were saying Pete about this
going to the United Nations General
Assembly
I mean it's so hilarious because the
only power that has actually be acted in
accordance with international law on
Syria has been Russia Russia is in Syria
in accordance with international judges
at the rejoice let me jump in here
legitimate government jump in here
gentlemen we've run out of time I hope I
never will ever say president nikki
Haley that's all the time we have
gentlemen many thanks to my guests in
Washington and in New York and thanks to
our viewers for watching us here RT see
you next time and remember across the
course
you
