those symptoms of chemical poisoning
that's how local doctors are describing
the aftermath of the attack in the
Syrian city of Douma on April the 7th
witnesses explained how it all unfolded
to the un-backed chemical watchdog just
an hour or two ago alongside Russia's
representative to the group well a
Europe correspondent Peter Oliver was
across it went on for more than an hour
didn't it Pete many witnesses were
brought forward a lot of detail to take
us through the main points that came out
there was a clear message all along
wasn't it there was a clear message
throughout this if we start with what
the the words were coming from the
Russian representative to the OPCW the
Organization for the Prevention of
chemical weapons Alexander Shulgin
he said that that Russia believes that
the actor took place in Duma was a
provocation he accused directly the u.s.
France and the United Kingdom of tugging
at heartstrings by showing images of
children who had been as was claimed
affected by a chemical attack he said
that it was and as far as Russia had
claimed was sloppily staged Russia
doubling down on their message that this
wasn't a chemical attack we also heard
from the Syrian representative to the
OPCW who said that Syria didn't have
chemical weapons that they'd destroyed
those under supervision of the OPCW then
we started to hear more and more
information about the actual scenes that
we've seen so many times over our TV
screens that took place on the 7th of
April of this year 70 people we're told
were killed in a chemical weapons attack
we're told that a mixture of sarin and
chlorine were used as part of this
attack now we heard from Igor Korolev
who's the representative of the Russian
military who talked about the device
that was supposed to be the what
provided the chemical attack he said
that the way it was shown in the the
canister that was shown in the video
that's not how a canister that a
delivered a chemical agent would have
looked he also questioned the scene in
which that canister was found said
logistically
wasn't the way it should have looked now
we also though heard from one of the
well one of the standout witnesses of
this attack eleven-year-old Hasan the
abbe he spoke at length about what he
experienced on that day we were in the
basement and then heard someone outside
scream go to hospital we were scared
they started to pour water on me I don't
know why they did this
they told all of us to go into the
hospital I was immediately taken
upstairs and they started pouring water
on me do you remember where it happened
right here where is it here it is they
poured water on me they put me here and
then took me upstairs to my mother
that's me in the video that's me yes now
her son and his father weren't the only
witnesses that were brought forward by
the Russian delegation we also heard
from doctors that were on the scene they
said that they tracked people that
weren't suffering from the type of
symptoms that you would expect from a
chemical attack they said that they were
did treat people who were suffering from
asphyxiation from smoke inhalation but
nobody that was showed any symptoms of
say a chemical substance having being
used again very detailed descriptions
that were given we can listen to them
now around 7:00 p.m. I was in the
hospital's emergency room then a person
holding a child entered and started
shouting chemical weapons chemical
weapons the situation in the hospital
became chaotic a lot of people were
frightened
they began panicking people had injuries
they had trouble breathing but we had
patients like that arriving all the time
and the screams chemical weapons
chemical weapons were used to create
panic this lasted for about an hour we
were treating the patients and sending
them home and we had no fatalities or
instances of people suffering from
poisonous substances that's where we are
right now the very latest coming from
the Russian side is that they're saying
that this was a sloppily staged attempt
to show what was a chemical attack when
that type of chemical attack didn't take
place those words exactly used by the
Russian delegate to the the OPCW the the
Organization for the Prevention of
chemical weapons he said it was a
sloppily staged chemical attack Peter
thanks for bringing us up to speed and I
say you are watching in there and what
was happening to the Hague combate
chelator
let's get some more perspective on it
from Peter Ford now former ambassador to
Syria listening in no doubt you watched
it like we did a couple of hours ago a
lot of witnesses brought forward what do
you make of the testimony there to what
extent is a support what Russia has been
saying all along
there indeed was no chemical attack tell
us what you thought about what you saw
hmm well I thought it was very
convincing and and it backed up
completely the Syrian and Russian
version of what actually happened
and and the video itself to it to anyone
with an open mind it's clear that what
what's going on but then I'm afraid that
you know you really need to engage your
brain to understand what's what's going
on
the skeptics tonight gonna be saying all
these people or a false feel these
people are gonna be dragged in they were
made to sit coerced to say I suppose as
you say you've got to use your brain on
this there's something else that came in
today the OPCW wanted Russia not to go
ahead with this today the OPCW wanted to
wait until it had wrapped up its
fact-finding mission why would they say
that why wouldn't they want every bit of
information to hand both what they found
on the field there and what Russia had
to say from the witnesses it put
together
doctors chemical specialists etc well I
noticed the OPCW didn't complain about
similar episode the BBC showed alleged
testimony from alleged victims in ed Lib
who were making contrary claims to what
we've just heard the OPCW was silent
about that it seems to me that they have
perhaps been listening a bit too much to
Washington London and Paris and one
begins to worry a little bit about their
impartiality I mean when you've got
doctors that purport to be on the ground
they're witnesses that purport they say
they were most definitely there on the
scene as it happened caught up in it
they described how they were caught up
in it what's international reaction
going to be to this or is it going to be
ignored do you think what should gut
feeling on it tonight there's only
happened a couple of hours ago of course
yes well it will be either either
ignored or attempts will be made
downplay it and undermine it in fact
these attempts are already underway but
I think when ordinary people see the
footage the testimony they're bound to
be impressed and in fact anybody with
half a brain could see that these are
credible witnesses but admittedly half a
brain is setting the bar very high for
most British parliamentarians and most
British political commentators in the
media and surely anyone looking on here
with an open mind about what may or may
not have happened will question the the
quickness if you like the urgency for
the UK for France and the u.s. to go in
and make those strikes why so quickly
why couldn't they wait until the results
of all these investigations are going on
so more testimony have been heard it
casts more doubt over it surely exactly
well what the British media are also
failing to point out is that it was
Russia and Syria which requested the
OPCW mission they requested it Britain
America and France have still not to
this day confirmed that they wanted the
mission to go ahead and the fact that
they bombed the the very day before the
mission would do to arrive I think this
looks rather suspicious well a sight of
this sent questions about how long the
u.s. is going to stay in Syria now US
Secretary of State mattis said today
that the u.s. is going to expand its
fight in Syria that again contradicts
Donald Trump's early desire to leave and
he's made various statements about it as
we know he was going to pull out then he
wasn't then this happened what is the
White House latest strategy do you think
I don't think the White House has a
strategy they have different tactics
from from day to day but to be fair to
President Trump he does seem to have a
strong inclination to put America first
and bring American troops back home and
stop wasting trillions of the
American taxpayers money that's his
clear inclination but of course the the
deep state in America the security state
the generals the political elites are
all pulling in the other direction they
want endless war in the Middle East yeah
Peter whether our viewers agree with you
or not it's always very good to have
your insight your experience at Peter
Ford for me you can't bastard to Syria
thanks bring on out to international why
with this tonight
