yeah Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report I'm in Toronto it's the winter
time slash spring that cannot Stanley
Cup action baby that's why I'm here plus
some other stuff which we'll talk to
Stacy about Stacy max we are in Toronto
for the blockchain economic event it's
being put on by sunny ray we've
interviewed him on Kaiser report he's
the CEO of unicorn calm this is actually
back to oh gee sort of styled Bitcoin
conferences we have some amazing people
at this event people like Adam back
people like Chris pernitskiy
people like heart edge who is going to
be on the Kaiser report while we're here
but you know what while we've been here
as well you know he's been opening her
mouth and adopting our way christine
lagarde bitcoin boosted as IMF boss
Christine Lagarde praises cryptocurrency
and suggests it could transform the way
people save and invest I would posit max
that it has already say you know
transform the way people save and invest
it's already done that she's saying it
could do that the coin is a black hole
and it is sucking in folks from all
walks of life and money from all points
on the globe and as it expands it just
Dwarfs the size of anything else trying
to compete with it that includes various
fiat money regimes it also includes
various high-level bankers and
economists so Christine Lagarde is just
the latest to get pool in to the Bitcoin
black hole and she'll be utterly
transformed she'll be talking about the
white paper soon everything she thought
she knew about economics is overruled
everything she thought she knew about
the way the world works is now no longer
viable
she is now an apostle of Satoshi welcome
Christine Lagarde Bienvenue Mon petit
lapin Bienvenue
the Bitcoin save save fantastique and
this some church a look is that law I
also want to point out somebody else say
we've mocked many times over the years
who also has come around because we did
give him a lot of attention when he had
the largest short position and silver in
the world we did give him a lot of
attention when he basically received a
backdoor bail out through the financial
crisis we did give him a lot of
attention when
called Bitcoin a fraud but I do want to
remind people from January 9th 2018 just
a few weeks after Jamie Dimon had called
Bitcoin a fraud
here's a headline that it we didn't
cover because we were covering the
Genesis block during that week and that
is Jamie Dimon says he regrets calling
Bitcoin a fraud and believes in the
technology behind it in September
Diamond called Bitcoin a fraud I regret
making that comment he said Tuesday on
Fox Business the blockchain is real he
added in the interview you can have
crypto dollars in yen and stuff like
that I cos you got to look at everyone
individually
the Bitcoin was always to me what the
government's are going to feel about
Bitcoin when it gets really big and I
just have a different opinion than other
people so remember he's a guy who's a
statist well he has to be right because
you can't be a free market guy and be
the head of the largest bank in the
world you and the largest derivatives
book importantly in the world because if
that derivatives book blows up as it
threatened to do back in 2008
you need big daddy government big mama
Johnny Ellen Big Mama Christine Lagarde
you need these people to bail you out
next year Jamie Dimon will be at Burning
Man you will see him stark naked with
honey slabbed all over his body
rolling around on a mound of fire ants
with Krupp Pierce Brock will be there
taping it for this show he'll be our
reporter on the ground it'll be on the
playa naked Jamie Dimon talking about
Satoshi Nakamoto at Burning Man in 2018
and that's the kind of effect Bitcoin
has on the mind hey see Jamie Dimon is
not a dumb man he's not a stupid man
he does have functioning brain cells
what happens if the blockchain starts to
reorient those brain cells like gravity
effect on a star or a planet or this
table or this earth it just changes the
way the architect of your mind works
especially if you're in the financial
industry to begin to understand that you
now are an apostle of Satoshi Nakamoto
so I want to talk about like he had
mentioned that governments would respond
if the individuals had too much
sovereignty that
to smash you they're gonna throw you
into a gulag they are going to destroy
you they will not let you become more
powerful than my bank you collectively
more powerful than my bank so there's
another story related to that that shows
that well in fact bitcoin is censorship
resistant you can try all you want to
restrict us to put it down but the whole
community is global is decentralized
it's peer-to-peer and it's the smartest
people in the world now China of course
everybody knows is a giant behemoth
state they have a lot of control over
their citizenry they have a lot of
capital controls they have a lot of the
Great Firewall of China and we know that
they've cracked down on Bitcoin Chinese
entrepreneurs have some creative
responses to the government's crackdown
on crypto crypto is far from dead in
China it's starting to eat back into
existence they a lot of exchanges did
leave the country but in its place are
erupting in China unique to China
decentralized exchanges we have them
here emerging in the United States and
Canada as well as regulators crack down
in exchanges China's September crackdown
also included a ban on icos the
crowdfunding schemes based on crypto
tokens in China as elsewhere these had
acquired a shady reputation companies
looking to raise funds quickly we're
selling digital tokens or coins that
were supposed to buy access to some
product or service in the future but
they often had no way to fulfill these
promises a Chinese term emerged konkey
pee or air tokens all right we predicted
that 2018 would be the year that the
nation-state is challenged by Bitcoin
and that's exactly what's happening in
China it is censorship resistant it is
resilient people want to trade people
will find a way how did the Vietnamese
beat America in that war because they
were resilient you could bomb them all
day long that they found a way they
found a way to keep going and they
eventually beat an empire how did the
u.s. beat the British Empire we found a
way in the end to be too helped us and
them because we asked the French see who
play
moi and we beat the Empire now we've got
a new empire out there called the
nation-state and the central banking
system that runs on fiat money nonsense
and Bitcoin will defeat them and the
important thing about the eruption of
initial coin offerings that happened
last year and it's kind of petered out
now that there are crackdowns on it and
apparently innovators and entrepreneurs
are finding ways around the regulations
but it did show that the likes of Jamie
Dimon had failed there was a demand for
and the likes of Jamie Dimon what he
considers the you know the the good guys
of the regulators and government that
they had cracked down too much there was
demand by people to invest in things
they wanted to participate in the
financial environment that a small yeah
you know young guys with an idea wanted
to raise capital and there was it was
hard for them to access that capital as
they point out here the ICO bans
suppress this digital crowdfunding of
icos but it didn't address the root of
the problem
illegal fundraising of all kinds has
thrived in China because the formal
banking sector still favors large
corporations and state-owned enterprises
smaller firms and entrepreneurs rely on
a shadow banking sector to meet their
needs for financing it's very similar in
the u.s. obviously to more advanced
financial system than in China in terms
of the state-owned banks but not too
dissimilar I mean the the small and
medium-sized enterprises don't have
access to capital like you know the ones
like Amazon like they could borrow money
and do borrow money to but share
buybacks and things like that right well
there is a political edge to it because
in China as entrepreneurs find ways to
do n run around the regulatory system
and to swap an exchange and do all kinds
of crypto related businesses the message
will not go unnoticed by anyone looking
to pursue free speech in China so no
matter how they try to clamp down on
free speech there will they'll find a
way to get that free speech out there
just like they're finding a way right
now to get crypto out there so crypto is
leading the way both on finance and in
political activism gearing up to an
environment where no state can control
speech its censorship resistant in many
many ways including
that it's being used the power of
blockchain technology and Bitcoin that
birth it is that even states are able to
see that you know when one state like
the u.s. controls the global financial
system and you cannot access the rails
of that financial system without Jamie
Dimon or US regulators saying you can
access these rails then you're cut off
from the grid and you know your nation
could starve but if there's a
decentralized peer-to-peer anonymous
network that is neutral and it functions
simply as the rails of a free market
system that treats all participants in
the market is equal then you know it's
it's not you can't censor it there's no
way to stop transactions from people to
get get it coming together agreeing to a
price for a product and exchanging ideas
or products right so look the forces
that created the birth of the universe
the black hole the forces that create
the birth of life itself the need to
procreate the forces that guide us as
living beings on the multiverse I'm not
gonna be stopped by any state ok Bitcoin
releases power that is beyond even
atomic power this is cosmic power it
can't be stopped
atomic swaps are coming atomic swaps are
coming you know you can't you can't stop
this with any force well if all
nation-states got together and tried to
stop Bitcoin they would fail and that's
very liberating I pointed out that
decentralized exchanges are emerging all
over the world they're erupting from the
you know the plasm of this new ecosystem
and environment and there's evolution of
ideas and you know you the more people
or governments or regulators try to stop
it the more anti fragile it becomes the
more robust every time it keeps on
coming back stronger and stronger but
the article actually suggests that China
the Chinese government doesn't actually
so much mind all this stuff happening
they were worried about
the destabilization in the the financial
system which they control because so
many Chinese investors were pouring into
icos and there were a lot of scams
around so the article points out that
these activities of allowing air drops
and decentralized exchanges may appear
to go directly against the Chinese
government's orders but in a sense they
may be what Chinese officials wanted to
see in their September edict the
authorities talked about avoiding market
chaos strengthening the education of
investors and collectively safeguarding
the normal financial order but China
doesn't have a fundamental aversion to
digital currencies in fact the central
bank is developing its own fiat digital
currency a digital currency will bring
about a new financial ecosystem said
Shanklin Ben Dean of the academy of
internet finance at J Jing University
the purpose of the crackdown he said was
to curb excessive speculation and give
the authorities time to upgrade their
regulatory capabilities right they were
digging a hole and they decided to stop
digging and declare a victory okay it
wasn't their decision the decision was
not the Politburo of China to figure out
they're just reacting to this Bitcoin
black hole is sucking up the entire
nation of China and everyone that rules
China is being sucked into the Bitcoin
black hole if you want to be sucked up
into the Bitcoin black hole stay tuned
for the second half and you too will be
sucked up into the Bitcoin black all
right after these words
well welcome back to the Kaiser report
I'm Max Keiser time now to turn to a
very special guest I will preface this
by saying cometh the hour cometh the man
and I will explain a little bit more
what I mean by that tone vase
welcome to the cars report oh thanks max
it's great to be on finally I remember
watching your show throughout 2013 and
14 even before that I actually got me at
the Bitcoin oh that's awesome so tone
face you know I mentioned here at the
top that cometh the hour cometh the man
you know I think that going back to 2017
bitcoin actually faced a bit of an
existential crisis with this segment
story and you guys over there the world
crypto Network out and give them a big
shout out you really nursed the
community through a difficult period
with excellent media and great
communication and just so little folks
about and that's a pretty complicated
story but if you can kind of encapsulate
that what happened it was really a rough
time now that we look back at it it
wasn't a spur-of-the-moment how
everything was happening you never
really had a chance to stop back and
think it was all about whether we can or
can't have big blocks and while there
was a moment where I thought yeah maybe
we could go to a bigger block and
increase the Bitcoin size of the of the
throughput of the amount of transactions
it was realized fairly quickly that no
one has the power to force everybody in
the community to upgrade their Bitcoin
nodes to have double the size of the
blocks to go to two megabytes or beyond
and the only solution was to find a way
to scale without doing that segregated
witness was a great coding upgrade that
didn't force everyone to update it
stayed within the consensus rules and it
was the only way to go the user
activated so forth was a little bit
reckless a little bit dangerous I'm glad
I got on the bandwagon around June July
and by August it was clear that it was
going to win and I believe that we did
okay there was a bit of an element there
found that you know talking about the
elements that were involved in that that
it seemed as though we had you know I
talked about big blocks or some smaller
blocks it seemed like there was a
corporate agenda almost that there were
some old G's in the space some
corporations and fund managers that were
really leaning on that whole big block
story to satisfy a commercial end and
the protocol ejected them almost as bad
actors in the space I agree with that
though I wouldn't go as far as it was
some kind of an agenda a lot of the
businesses have structured their
businesses based on certain conditions
but Bitcoin isn't the company Bitcoin
didn't promise anything to anyone and
just because some businesses were really
dependent on micro transactions before
the system was able to feasibly do them
for you cheaply those businesses were
gonna be in a little bit of trouble and
they had to do more development and they
wanted to adjust for sag would and I
think they wanted to take the lazy way
out and force every user to upgrade and
the user said no the companies need to
upgrade with Bitcoin this is what they
chose and eventually all of those
companies had to upgrade their systems
to account for segments and now we have
lots of transactions processing very
very quickly and very cheaply and I
think the system is so much better and
so much more secure now deserted
themselves they did is the miners they
did and which is a good thing because
when Satoshi initially launched it he
did say one CPU one vote but that was
under the assumption that everyone is
pretty much a miner everyone that runs a
node can also mine with Asics and the
advancements in mining that was no
longer feasible so how does a regular
Bitcoin er have a voice in the system
and they do that by running their own
node and by validating their own
transactions and the miners urges they
are to make money by creating new coins
by processing our transactions and not
dictate the future of development some
say that the way to be a true Bitcoin is
to run your own node do you agree I
agree I run my own node I have been
running a single miner running a miner
is actually very difficult trying to
upgrade my miner now and I'm running
into difficulties but look
I have a lot of respect for those that
are able to run mining operations I do
but again if this is gonna be a
decentralized peer-to-peer value
transfer system the average person has
to have a say in it somehow and right
now they have a say by processing their
own transactions with their own note I'd
say your claim to fame so to speak you
teach people how to look at technical
analysis in a big way that's something
that you're big in the community for and
let me just give it some background here
you like myself kind of have a
background on Wall Street and you've
done a lot of options trading and and so
you have a base experience in the
securities industry which is different
than many people that come in to crypto
because they can't come into it really
without any experience in securities or
Wall Street whatsoever but so when you
talk to people about technical analysis
what are you trying to teach them what
what's your goal there I'm just trying
to teach people that trading is
difficult and it's a skill set and you
don't just come in and do it what I've
noticed when I came into the space in
2013 and 2014 is that so many people
were now becoming traders because there
is such a little barrier to entry and
being a trader because of crypto there's
no age restriction no geographical
restriction no financial restriction you
can trade with a hundred two hundred
dollars a lot of gamblers came into the
space as traders because a lot of
gambling sites and poker sites were
paying out in crypto in Bitcoin mostly
and these guys hey I want to do
something else I don't have to play
poker all the time I'm gonna start
trading and what I've noticed is there
were wasn't that many professional
traders and competent traders in the
space so I started writing articles
about technical analysis and that grew
into a YouTube channel about technical
analysis and trying to predict the price
of Bitcoin I've had lots of really good
calls I've had a few bad calls too I
mean that's the life of being a trader
and now I've just been travelling the
country doing little workshops of 10 to
20 people that want to spend the whole
day learning the basics of technical
analysis for trading I think it can only
help any trader well the great value
this is twofold one is traders obviously
looking for games but probably more
important with technical analysis
its addresses risk management risk
management is the key to trading success
it's it's something that technical
analysis helps because it gives you the
ability to pick price points where you
might want to put on some strategy to
get you out of a market that's not going
in your favor this type of thing
what would you agree with that
absolutely I think that a trader should
trade as least as possible you want to
pick the perfect points where the
statistics and probabilities are in your
favor and the best advantage to
technical analysis it can tell you where
you're wrong based on technical analysis
and you're entering a trade for a
position you should already have a
metric saying okay if it goes against me
this amount I need to get out of this
trade and wait for another opportunity
so training technical analysis if you
have a certain threshold that you are
designating as your risk tolerance that
applies to any security any altcoin any
coin across any market regardless of
what the company or the coin is about
you have a certain bias toward risk this
helps you manage that risk talking about
Wall Street for a second
you know futures contracts were
introduced in late 2017 December of 2017
has it had any impact what do you think
I don't think it had any actual impact
on Bitcoin other than the fomo
speculation that took place leading into
those contracts
I felt that last year 7,500 should have
been the top for Bitcoin I
underestimated the kind of faux beau and
exuberance people will have by the fact
that Wall Street is coming in the price
went all the way to 20,000 I mean I was
trying to predict it each step of the
way and the data Futures launched people
realized that hey it's not that big a
deal the volume on the futures while
increasing every week is still pretty
small they're also cash settled and
because their cash settled they
shouldn't have much of an effect on the
underlying price of Bitcoin it's not
like the gold futures where the futures
themselves are priced discovery for gold
the futures on Bitcoin are more like the
sp500 futures they don't really have an
effect on the underlying stocks of the
sp500 so I see it as the same way and it
wasn't that big of a deal after they
launched and it's great because now
bitcoin is definitely more legit to the
average person that is thinking should I
get in should I not get in well clearly
the CME and the financial world
considers it legit because of the
futures so I think it has a long it's
great going forward but as far as the
immediate effect on the price of Bitcoin
I don't think it has all that much
talking about Wall Street again a
futures contract does give an
institutional player ability to manage
risk because they can hedge a position
which means they can take bigger
positions and this is unique now to
Bitcoin because there are no futures
contracts on any other altcoin at the
moment so my question is about altcoins
I think some people view you as being a
Bitcoin maximalist so that tend to shun
the altcoin market and can you talk a
little bit about that that that that
idea I am a bit of a Bitcoin maximalist
but that's not because I hate all of the
old coins and I think Bitcoin is gonna
be key because I have money in Bitcoin I
only think that bitcoin is going to be
the winner that's why my money is in
Bitcoin as far as the old coins go there
was a round of old coins that came in in
the early days of 2014 coins like light
coin coins like Manero like your own
coin max coin these max coin when these
old coins showed up I didn't have a big
problem with these coins because they
were honestly created with the Genesis
block and like everybody knew about it
they were launched well in case of light
coin it was all fair game for anyone to
get and then the next round of old coins
came in as a sole source for the founder
to get rich and I immediately classify
all of those coins as outright scams
because if the founder has an advantage
or if you mind the coin for a month and
then it goes proof of stake and then the
next round of coins which is what
aetherium kicked off was where you
actually created from the beginning and
pre sell it to a bunch of people which I
thought was an outright security
like in the case of aetherium and every
ICO that followed so to me they very
amazing ICL it isn't IC game as before
people started calling it ICL's IC is
correct it is a nice yeah and it is a
security well to me it is and you're a
Wall Street veteran I'm a Wall Street
veteran it looks like a duck it smells
like a duck it quacks like a duck it's a
freaking security so so to me everything
just got progressively worse now I will
say that even though I don't consider
coins like Mac's coin like litecoin like
Manero scams like I do on the rest I
still feel that there is only room for
one blockchain the way we only have room
for one Internet so I do think that
bitcoin will continue to separate from
all of these other old coins
even the honestly created ones over time
the way like Amazon continues to
separate from any other online retailer
right so we would put ICS into that
category of securities offerings I think
we would agree on that and I'm gonna
move on with my last question which is
that the 2018-2019 time horizon what
about the emerging second layer a
Bitcoin like lightning networks are your
thoughts I I think that the lightning a
network and all the progress that's
happening there is moving in faster than
I expected I think they are gonna focus
on making it very user friendly to the
point where it's still complicated to
set up your own Bitcoin node but it
should be as easy as downloading an app
to have your own lightning node and
using these lightning channels they
should bring microtransactions the thing
that people were expecting on the
protocol itself but lots of smart
engineers basically looked at it and
said that's not really feasible
that's not how systems scale so I really
am looking forward to those Lightning
channels give us microtransactions and
they should give you another layer of
privacy I think there could be lots of
good things that could be done as a
second layer of Bitcoin to obscure those
transactions to finally make Bitcoin
fungible and actually anonymous alright
Tom thanks thanks so much being on the
Kaiser report thank you
alrighty well that's gonna do it for
this edition of the Kaiser report with
me max keiser it stays here we want to
thank tone BAE's legend do you want to
catch us on Twitter
it's Kaiser report until next time bye
y'all
