University professor in California has
sparked outrage after she posted a
number of tweets celebrating the death
of former first lady barbara Bush in one
post Rhonda girar referred to mrs. Bush
as a smart an amazing racist who raised
the war criminal that was apparently a
reference to her son former US President
George W Bush Gerar went on to call
Barbara Bush a witch
the professor is no stranger to
controversy in previous comments she
tried to justify aircraft hijackers and
advocated the use of violence distance
fighters in the sixties and seventies
they didn't kill anyone but they scared
it out of people you know they would
hijack a plane and be like we're not
gonna hurt anyone on this plane
like why is Spencer's house still
standing I don't understand like it
needs to be broken into people need to
throw grenades into it or Fresno State
University where girar works described
her tweets as insensitive and
embarrassing though it concluded that
the professor was acting in a private
capacity and that no disciplinary action
would be taken and there are many who
believe the current climate on many
campuses in the US and Beyond is an
unhealthy one if a professor who's on
the right or even central had said
anything of the sort about Obama his
family or any other you know Democratic
president or any other family member if
they said anything much less terrible
they would have been excoriated it's a
complete double standard the rules do
not apply equally very rarely do you see
a left-leaning
professor or academic public figure be
censored you never see right-wing people
or centrist or libertarians or anything
like that ever trying to shut down these
people they may complain about what they
say they may call it reprehensible often
it is but they don't try to prevent the
speech from happening and conversely if
you are central or slightly to the right
or anywhere else
that's not left you don't get a chance
to speak you suffer much greater
consequences you can
your job you can lose your position
we're basically telling young people
that only certain types of not only
speech but ways of thinking are correct
appropriate or going to be tolerated and
we're basically that's what we would
call brainwashing it's not policing and
that's the most pernicious and injure
escapes of unbalanced approaches to
speech
