two of Europe's most controversial
anti-establishment politicians are
teaming up to take on Brussels the
Italian interior minister and Frances
right-wing National Rally president of
the European parliamentary election in
their sights and accuse EU Chiefs of
being the enemies of Europe we're not
fighting against Europe we're fighting
against the European Union a system that
has become too totalitarian the enemies
of Europe are those who are entrenched
in the Brussels bunker the enemies of
the European people and of the happiness
of the European people our Yonker and
Moscovici we're fighting against the EU
precisely to save the real Europe
they've brought precariousness and fear
into Europe they refused to leave their
Thrones we're working to give 500
million European citizens their futures
back firstly the Italian and French
people well a pen and salvini have both
been branded as populist by the
mainstream media and also by their
political opponents some have even gone
as far as branding them as fascists
populist like salvini and Albin want to
create division by turning Europeans
against each other well that could be
because both of campaigned against mass
migration into their respective
countries they've also campaigned
against austerity measures imposed on
them and they are hoping that the 2019
European elections could signal a sea
wave of change and that their parties
will be leading the charge we are at a
historic moment this is history with a
capital H that will be written in may
2019 it is the emergence of a Europe of
Nations a unit of respect a Europe of
protection well Italy's salvini has been
building his anti-immigration block
across Europe for some time recently
meeting with another one of the --use
bad boys Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor
Orban and it seems that the two have
said that they will fight together
against any pro migrant stances from
politicians they say such as
Emmanuel macron and it seems that this
is a stick that many voters like and
seem to be veering towards if you look
at the trend over the last year or so
there has been a movement towards these
anti-immigrant parties they've been good
results for them in countries such as
Sweden Germany Denmark and the
Netherlands as well as in other
countries some people are predicting
that this trend could continue for them
into those elections next year in 2019
and it seems that these anti-immigrant
parties according to some analysts could
reap as much as an increase of 60% of
the vote the trend that is being
registered in national elections in a
number of EU Member States signals that
the citizens are not trusting any longer
the globalist approach of the European
institutions significance a majority of
people voting for these kind of parties
you
