Harlem Belle notorious for being a cop
killer and a member of the Black
Liberation Army will soon become a free
man after spending nearly 50 years
behind bars for shooting two policemen
dead back in 1971 now the New York
parole board's decision even had the
support of a son of one of the slain
officers
it seems that individuals with no
knowledge of mr. Bello the circumstances
that led me to support his release many
years ago have taken it upon themselves
to drum up hate and vengeance the parole
board of New York might have shown
sympathy and a willingness to forgive
but not the policeman's Union the
patrolman's Benevolent Association
they're guilty then and they're guilty
now and no cop killer should ever walk
the face of the earth now siding with
the police is NYC Mayor Bill DeBlasio
who called for the decision to be
reversed and for Bell to stay behind
bars
the parole board received over three
hundred and sixty seven thousand letters
urging them not to free Herman Bell
despite his record as a model prisoner
well not quite they were not actually
that many individual messages the
association's website gave compliance
the option of automatically sending a
letter for each of the 62 cop killers
listed on the site that meant that fewer
than six thousand objections to Bell's
release generated over three hundred
sixty seven thousand messages completely
distorting the level of outcry in fact
according to one poll 86% of New Yorkers
support the parole board's decision we
decided to talk with some former cops
about the association's ethics I can't
comprehend a man who openly admitted to
killing three cops I can't comprehend
how that person would be allowed to walk
the streets I could picture every cop
out there being absolutely outraged the
importance of acting on their emotion
especially in today's climates where
they are so abused your government has
turned their back on the police officers
I can absolutely picture not one cop out
there not wanting six hundred
thousand-plus letters being sent to the
parole board and requesting this man's
parole be denied
that's quite up you know I mean Herman
Bell incidents very tragic incident he
actually killed three people to put
parole is what it is you know we have
murders rapists awesomeness people are
getting paroled every single day and
they're hell-bent on if you kill a cop
they want you to just rot in jail to
jail is supposed to be your phone people
now
cops like to talk about the perilous
situations they put themselves in and
the public that they serve in order to
do that but this incident will leave
some in New York questioning their
integrity caleb Maupin RT New York
