katar should finance the US military's
presence in Syria and send its own
military forces there before the u.s.
president lifts American protection for
Qatar if the US is to withdraw is
protection represented by its military
base in Qatar then the regime there will
fall within less than a week
this comes as we've heard different
words from Trump basically giving the
impression he's still making up his mind
about whether or not to withdraw US
forces from Syria he's been talking
about it from in terms of very soon
relatively soon it's not exactly clear
now we did hear trump say that if Saudi
Arabia wants the USA to maintain a
military presence in Syria but they
should help pay for it we'll be making a
decision very quickly in coordination
with others in the area as to what we'll
do
Saudi Arabia is very interested in our
decision and I said well you know you
want us to say maybe you're gonna have
to pay so now we hear the foreign
minister of Saudi Arabia saying that
their regional rival Qatar must share
the burden of the fighting in Syria or
else there could be some rather harsh
consequences it's interesting to note
yesterday Tuesday Donald Trump was at
the White House as speaking with the
French president Makran and he seemed to
indicate that there were other countries
that had been approached by the United
States about increasing their role in
Syria financially as well as Meerut
militarily there's talk of the prospects
of an Arab coalition in the works for
Syria now this is certainly not the
first point of disagreement between
Qatar and Saudi Arabia folks will recall
over a year ago there was a falling-out
between the two countries and that
resulted in a number of countries
cutting off diplomatic relations with
Qatar including Saudi Arabia and during
that spat we heard that Donald Trump
unprecedented
accusing Qatar of funding terrorism now
Qatar said that they absolutely are not
funding terrorism and that statement
from Trump was simply inaccurate so now
we've heard these very very dramatic
words from Saudi Arabia's foreign
minister we're waiting to see what comes
next
