hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
after 68 years the two Koreas are on the
verge of signing a peace treaty a Donald
Trump king Jeong owned summit is in the
works is peace coming to the Korean
Peninsula well it's possible the foreign
policy blob in the corporatist media are
less enthusiastic after all conflict is
their business model
Krauss the Korean Peninsula I'm
joined by my guess sewed up Gupta and
Washington he's a senior fellow at the
Institute for China America studies also
in Washington we have John Merrill he is
former chief of the North East Asia
division of the Bureau of intelligence
and research at the US State Department
as well as author of Korea the
Peninsular origins of the war and in New
York we cross to Daniel Lazar he's an
author and freelance journalist who
writes frequently about the Middle East
Eastern Europe and the US Constitution
right gentleman crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate so
let me go to you first in Washington if
you look at the mainstream media and
particularly the cable stations all the
focus on the on the Korean Peninsula it
is directed towards this this summit
that Trump may have with the North
Korean leader but really I think it's
what's more important is happening this
week and it's the two Koreas coming
together how does this change the
situation on the peninsula if North
Korea and South Korea can find some kind
of meaningful and let me stress
meaningful rapprochement go ahead in
Washington let me in response to your
question lay it out right away that the
real credit for what the situation the
the opportunity that we have today is
because of president moon jae-in in
South Korea you know if we had a the
same old conservative South Korean
government in place today what would
have happened is Kim jong-un would have
gone through with his condensed testing
schedule and then after that he would
have gone straight into his bunker
emerging from time to time with grave
threats and and snarling gnarly threats
to to to blow everything up the fact of
the matter is that moon jae-in is the
person who has been able to tease kim
jong-in kim jeong-hoon out into the
sunshine and has opened and shown him a
pathway to global integration and as
well as not South reconciliation moon
jae-in the South Korean progressive
government has led this process of
reconciliation which has dramatically
altered the dynamics on the on the
Korean Peninsula of
Olympics also have helped and therefore
it is not and South the extent that they
leave the process that they will drag
the other parties along including the
United States it lies with the peninsula
parties okay John let me go to you more
or less the same question here because
the dynamic changes considerably if
there is a peace between the two Koreas
after 68 years they start coming to some
kind of defense and security measures
that both can accept then regime change
as it were that we hear so many people
talking about in in the Washington
foreign policy blob that kind of is
taken off the table because that would
not be in South Korea's interests go
ahead John in Washington right Peter
well I think I think you overstated it a
little bit I I do give president moon a
lot of credit but I think the main
credit and I never thought I would say
that I know robably belongs to Donald
Trump I knew you were gonna say that
this this this this is this is the man
who said he wanted nothing more than to
sit down and have a hamburger with Kim
jong-un and it looks like he's going to
get his chance right now they're there
they're apparently still CIA people
liaison people behind in in Pyongyang at
least according to the South Korean
media and people are hard at work and
mr. Pompeo is the guy that's been
running 'less formally from his post as
CIA director but hopefully in a few days
is Secretary of State so I think I would
agree that President moon deserves a lot
of credit and certainly with a
progressive government a lot of things
are possible that weren't on their past
conservative regimes but I think we have
to give President Trump his do as well
sure and I just I just hope things go
okay it's a topsy topsy-turvy world
exactly and you know and I'm very happy
that this process is going on let me go
to Daniel I don't care who gets the
credit I think that is really low on the
hierarchy of importance here getting
piece on that Peninsula where you have
the most heavily armed
in the world after 68 years the
considerable American military presence
is there and the Chinese have come in in
a ways that I think we'll find out in
the future that were very constructive
here it's the result that counts most
importantly go ahead Daniel well let me
speak up for Kim Jong hyung okay well I
think his played his cards extremely
well this is not an adorable itical
endorsement of him by any means but he
is a very smart yeah player yeah and he
has done a very good job he's you know
he sort of he kind of you know seized
control the opening sees the opening
that that Trump courted him and has
really run with it and I think it's a
it's a pretty impressive performance
okay let's go back to Washington so sort
of I think what's really important here
I mean it's good to get down to really
the details here because we have a
denuclearized South Korea
I'm sorry Korean Peninsula means north
and south so that means that american
nukes would not be allowed there i mean
this is the kind of opening that i think
the north korean leader was looking for
he's looking for a grand bargain and you
know what folks he's been asking for a
grand bargain for a while and i think he
had to go through all of the theatrics
of the missiles and the launches and you
know all of the heated rhetoric back and
forth this was the opening that he was
looking for and it was a South Korean
leader that opened the door and we got a
nod from Donald Trump I mean we'll find
out where it goes so you know it really
gets down to the details of what that
means because we know all along North
Korea wants security guarantees maybe
Russia and China can be guarantors of
that go ahead
sort of in in Washington yeah yeah
you're absolutely correct on that I mean
the devil is in the details in terms of
how do you go about staging
nuclearization in terms of how that
process works out the mechanics of that
process but you're absolutely correct on
that point with regard to denuclearize
the nuclearization that it is not just a
North Korean affairs to be a peninsula
fair let me throw a useful principle
which might be useful out here both in
terms of Denis
as well as in reduction of conventional
forces in terms on the peninsula and in
terms of the hostilities that are there
in terms of denuclearization we are
talking of course complete verifiable
irreversible denuclearization of North
Korea they can have a civil nuclear
program which can a civil nuclear
program which will be very intrusive Lee
watched over by the IAEA full scope
safeguards etc etc but what that means
for South Korea is that of course they
have their civil a very extensive civil
nuclear program but there will be no
strategic forces on their territory and
there won't even be an extended
deterrent to South Korea provided by the
u.s. so long as there is complete
denuclearization of the North now the
parallel fact which North and South
Korea frankly need to work out because
denuclearization is essentially a topic
of discussion between North Korea and
the United States with regard to
conventional forces what the the
disposition at the end of the day needs
to be that the peninsula is is kind of
insulated from larger geopolitics of
North East Asia Southeast South Korea
has already shown that it is not in not
terribly interested in getting into
things like a regional ballistic missile
shield well it's not interested in
trilateral alliance we're gonna find
we're gonna find out yeah we're gonna
find out just how far the Pentagon wants
to go along with this John let me go to
you because if you get if you look at
the mainstream media and the pundit rege
that we were bombarded with all of the
time the mainstream media is really not
on board here is it just because they
don't want to see Trump succeed at
anything or in the military-industrial
complex I mean South Korea and they and
that region of the world is a nice
trough for her arms and and the US has a
vast military establishment there that
needs to be paid for I mean he said a
combination of these things here and go
ahead John and Washington well you know
I Peter I don't know that's that's
that's kind of hard to say what I will
say is this I think what what has
happened is that we have now gotten a de
facto free
for freeze this was the proposal that
was made by Moscow and Beijing years ago
and I wrote an op-ed on a subject about
a year and a half ago and I got
excoriated yeah for saying that but this
is what is this is what is now de facto
in place and so this is this is a big
deal it is you know the USD the US
military exercises this year the joint
us-rok exercises are shadow of their
former self last year we had three
aircraft carrier battle groups
participating this year it's one small
aircraft it's really an assault ship
with short takeoff and landing jate
third f-35s so it's it's a huge deal now
there are huge military asymmetries on
the peninsula which are going to be
astronomically difficult to resolve so
we may get a start in these in these
discussions when the two Korean leaders
may meet they may in a few days they may
even declare an end to the Korean War at
least hostilities but it's going to take
a lot of tough slogging to work through
some of these details and particularly
to put in place the security guarantees
which I think the North Koreans are
going to insist on to go forward Daniel
let me go to you I mean the security
guarantees that's what it's always been
about and I'm glad that John mentioned
the fries for fries because that's been
around for a while nobody in the
mainstream media says that where that
idea comes from but I can tell you if
you go to last year during the Security
Council you could see the Russian and
the Chinese ambassador at length go
through that that process here Daniel
before we go to the break go ahead in
New York I just want to remind your your
viewers that that in 2002 George W Bush
virtually declared war on North Korea
which he somehow blamed for 911 but
North Korea was well was one of the
three countries comprising the so-called
axis of evil and the u.s. invaded one of
those countries has a you know as in
sort
traveling at the other ever since and so
North Korea had you know had grave
concerns regarding its own security so
Kim Jong an figured his only protection
lay in a nuclear nuclear welcome which
he had let me jump in here hold that
thought gentlemen we're gonna go to a
short break and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on the
Korean Peninsula stay with RT welcome
back to crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter LaBelle to remind
you were discussing the Korean Peninsula
and the possibility of peace
okay let's go back to Daniel in New York
you were taking this down history lane
you're you were just talking about the
axis of eagle but pick up from there go
ahead Daniel yeah well so in 2002 this
axis of evil speech at george w bush
essentially declared war on North Korea
and that steeps that speech has never
been rescinded in any way there's been
no apology issued no you know note
taking back etc so I'm so so Kim jong-un
figured quite logically that it's only
protection lay in having a nuclear
weapon capable of striking the the
United States mainland which he
apparently has achieved so that is his
that is his this great you know his
great chess pieces ace in the hole
and I don't think I want to limb here
but I really doubt that he will agree to
fold denuclearization unless the u.s.
meets him you know is willing to engage
equally yeah in an equally grand gesture
which Trump might be willing to do but I
can guarantee the rest of the foreign
policy establishment or blog as you call
them will not they will raise holy hell
and they will essentially block Trump
from doing that sewed up in Washington
reflect upon that because that's been my
inkling from all along you know I'm like
John said I'm perfectly willing to give
Donald Trump credit for this if this is
just kicked it off okay fine okay but
there are forces and you see it all the
time in the corporate media mimics the
their corporate owners okay they're not
keen on seeing piece breaking out
particularly if it means negotiations as
equal that's not in their DNA they don't
operate that way go ahead absolutely
absolutely correct first let me back up
a little bit out here and say that yes I
totally agree with John that a huge
amount of credit is also due to to
Donald Trump because let us remember
before he talked about fire and fury and
destroying North Korea he also probably
went further than any US president had
had had talked about and talked about
predict some
Shirin says we he doesn't seek the
collapse of the North Korean regime he
doesn't seek regime change he doesn't
want to have an invasion over 38 over
the 38th parallel etc etc so he has
tried here and made a lot of assurances
also in his early months and that has
that has he has not got adequate credit
for that so yes I mean in other ways
also Donald Trump deserves credit and
that's that's a that's that's perfectly
fine you know the one really good thing
going for Donald Trump is that the u.s.
system provides huge in on foreign
policy huge amount of power not just to
the presidency but to the president and
so he can really override his staff
because frankly this is all going to
come down to Donald Trump and making
that deal with Kim jong-un which the
foreign policy establishment has not
been willing to contemplate and part of
the reason it's not been willing to
contemplate it's easy to say that all
the Kim regime forever the the the Kim's
never never on their from their part are
always cheating etc etc which is which
is not entirely true it is partly true
not entirely true but just too many
forces I think people in Washington are
vested in a Cold War mindset
confrontational attitude to Northeast
Asian geopolitics with the 38th parallel
being that tripwire and it's not easy
for many of them to come to terms that
you know what the peninsula could be
just insulated from that whole
geopolitical environment
well let's ask John because John which
his line of business for a while I mean
what are the forces moving against this
here and beyond because it's just Donald
Trump's idea but I mean the you know
talk through the the bureaucratic
inertia that you know that would be
against this go ahead well I think I
would disagree I think that currently
the top leadership of the US Defense
Department is not against what Trump is
trying to do and we just saw that in
Syria we saw that DoD weighed in and so
we had symbolic strikes
in Syria rather than the more
far-reaching operation that some were
advocating so I I think that we have to
be a little bit careful here
now I would take this back even a little
bit before the axis of evil speech
people forget that nuclear weapons were
first deployed on the Korean Peninsula
during the Eisenhower administration and
we had at one time 950 nuclear tactical
nuclear weapons in Korea this is this is
now a decoy well we had 7000 in Western
Europe anyway President Bush the elder
who's now ill in the hospital was the
was the one who decided to put an end to
this this kind of madness and so we
began withdrawing them but you know you
don't have to explain the nuclear issue
in terms of the evil nature of the North
Korean regime although perhaps the some
of that that that can be part of the
explanation it's really an action
reaction sequence and we took the
initial action and then the worth
Koreans then responded to it so I think
this same dynamic can be used in the
current circumstances in terms of
confidence-building measures and
hopefully we can walk this back I agree
completely that having a progressive
president in Seoul is a huge help and I
think China and this Russia can also
help but I think it's going to be really
difficult to unravel this knot which
which we've tied ourselves up in and on
the peninsula and these various
asymmetries okay Daniel I mean this kind
of leads though that where I want to go
in the program I mean I I'm sure that
there's there's a sense that if if the
u.s. in there's the perception of the
u.s. backing down the perception of the
u.s. involved in a diplomatic process
that would be deemed as appeasement here
that would have a ricochet effect to all
of the other and
angling alliances the US has in the
Pacific is this part of the thinking
there because John said you know do you
untie this knot here there's a huge
ripple effect through the entire region
go ahead Daniel that's totally true
totally true
and there'll be a huge ripple effect in
Washington as well where all these
countries have their have their
interests they have their ties they have
their you know their little their
alliances Japan most particularly Russia
and China as well so if I'm you know and
so and and the North may be playing at
kind of a Vietnamese game where they're
trying to you know seek a closer
alliance with the south in order to
protect themselves against China so
therefore that's certainly possible in
China could be getting nervous as well
and China has friends in Washington to
the Japanese wouldn't be very happy with
a unified strong powerful Korean
Peninsula and so you know that they
would have their debt whole defense
thinking would have to be rethought
keep going Daniel and and Japan has tons
of friends in Washington also so so I
think that we can see a huge ripple
effect from the north north eastern
Northeast Asia I know on to Washington
DC as all sides or pile on and you know
and Trump is a on one hand Trump has got
great power as a US president but on the
other hand politically he's very weak
yeah he is really on the ropes he's
taking a ferocious pummeling so uh so I
don't know who I doubt very much it's
he'll be able to withstand these forces
and I think that he will I'm pretty sure
he is incapable of you know of engaging
in the same kind of grand gesture that
Kim jong-un is willing to engage in yeah
well let me sort of you know he won the
presidency he surprises us all the time
you know maybe it'll work this time I
don't know I mean don't you think also
it's just a mindset I mean North Korea's
this cartoonish evil character the axis
of evil I mean it's so convenient and
there's so many people that have made
entire careers out of demonizing and I'm
not I'm not siding with the North
Koreans or its leadership I don't
do that kind of thing I I'm basically a
realist when it comes to foreign policy
so but I mean don't you think that's
part of the problem here it's just
changing minds you know taking a fresh
look and there's like this really an
amazing opportunity that we may never
see again
go ahead oh absolutely absolutely you
this is yes there's an opportunity since
the end of the Korean War in in yes
since the end of the Korean War to have
a peace regime on the peninsula as well
as since the denuclearization
declaration and agreements of the early
1990s to do it in a video clearer
ization let me go out a little bit on a
limb out here and tell and make two
points you know with regard to
denuclearization most people and I
totally agree understand their their
their views that oh this is going to be
very difficult close to impossible he's
not gonna give it up I'm one of those
few very tiny minority who believes that
this is very doable and I can't give it
up
kim jong-in gentleman is not in the same
position as saddam hussein that's that's
why he developed it in the first place
to trade it away for security guarantees
it seems logical to me exactly exactly
let me explain that point also you know
what is a nuclear weapon the purpose of
a nuclear weapon is to call unacceptable
damage to the adversary he already can
do unacceptable damage to the adversary
by trashing soul with his conventional
guns and therefore a nuclear weapon over
and above that is something that he can
leverage and he can bargain and which is
exactly what he's doing and therefore I
would say that this is doable this is a
great opportunity but what we have to do
also is this cannot be a process which
has strung out over many years in a
decade and it's action for action with
500 steps which then breaks down after
20 steps this has to be a big grand
bargain okay in a truncated way and then
we a defined time period and I think
it's doable let me go - let me go - Jon
Jon you're on the negotiating team for
the United States what would you tell
your boss
Donald Trump to do in 40 seconds go
ahead hey what I would tell them to do
is just have good vibes in the in the
meeting apparently
was the case when Pompeo went there I
think what's different this time around
is that is the negotiations are not
being run through a bureaucratic process
and a lot of people are criticizing
Trump on this score it's it's a crisis
situation and people forget what we were
talking about last fall we're talking
about the imminent prospect of war on
the peninsula so I think things are
moving in a good direction I am
concerned about the asymmetries also
we're going to have one possible drop
out in this process Prime Minister Abbey
is in deep political trouble I'm not
sure if he's going to be able to survive
or not but yeah I think we we just have
to hope that the inter-korean summit
goes well okay and in a way a moon isn't
playing the advancement we run out of
time and very rarely do we end on a
positive note many thanks to my guests
in Washington and in New York and thanks
to our viewers for watching us here at
RT see you next time and remember
crosstalk rules
