the g7 a club of some of the world's
leading industrialized nations tackling
the planets biggest problems from
financial crises to military conflicts
but it's also the g8 - Russia and it
seems they just can't help talking about
the member they kicked out Russia was
the focus of the g7 foreign and security
ministers meetings in Toronto the g7
foreign ministers are calling attention
to so-called malign behavior by Russia
they were expected to look at ways to
keep pressure on Russia without imposing
new sanctions for two days g7 foreign
and security ministers rubbed shoulders
in Toronto at an event with the tagline
building a more peaceful and secure
world and apparently for that to happen
first and foremost Russia needs to be
put in its place then things like war
and world hunger can be addressed just
like last year and the year before that
and so on the crisis in Ukraine and
Russia's actions are the very reason for
the g7 Brussels summit this is now the
second year in a row that the g7 has met
without Russia another example of
Russia's isolation Ukraine is the victim
of Russian backed aggression we must
never forget that fact if I think about
the position of Vladimir Putin now he's
you know he's toxifying his reputation
of Russia now this time around included
a whole laundry list of Russia issues
condemned Russia's irresponsible and
destabilizing behavior check demands
such alleged actions cease immediately
check agree that it is highly likely
Moscow poisoned Sergei scruple and his
daughter and that there's just no
plausible alternative check an acting US
Secretary of State went as far as to
tell reporters that Russia has to be a
quote constructive partner in Syria or
be held accountable so to be fair they
did manage to cover a lot of ground it's
just more often than not happened to be
Russia related let's just hope they can
avoid getting too carried away with
their plans what we decided was that we
were going to set up a g7 group that
would look at Russian malign behavior in
all its manifestations whether it's
cyber war whether it's disinformation
assassination attempts whatever it
happens to be and collectively try and
call it out and the hostile they may not
have reached its peak either this
meeting was perhaps just
preview of what we can expect when the
leaders of the g7 countries come
together in June to tackle the Russian
Menace
