Facebook will now let members appeal the
decision if any of their posts are
removed the social media company says
it's aiming to improve its policies in
response to widespread public criticism
now the move comes off the back of a
recent poll as well showing the majority
of Americans don't want online
information to be restricted by the
government however at the same time more
users are open to the idea of tech
companies introducing such restrictions
well we spoke to social commentator
Anthony Brian Logan who thinks people
can make up their own minds about what's
online information they can trust the
best way is to allow all the news to
come out people want to have information
presented to them and then they can
decide what's real and what's fake most
people should go to a station or look to
worse people with that present 9 bias
things but that should be a decision of
a person and a decision of some kind of
bureaucrat in Washington DC or elsewhere
yeah the poll just mentioned there also
reveals the visions between the u.s.
political parties the Democrats and
Republicans when it comes to regulating
online data as you can see Democrats
well they're more in favor of the idea
Anthony Brian Logan again thinks that's
due to the close relationship between
and many Democrats and tech companies if
you go to California if you go to the
San Francisco Bay Area it is completely
liberal Berkeley and Tifa is very
prominent up in that particular area
that is a big reason why Democrats
support tech companies being able to do
whatever they want to do and also
sometimes we have tech companies that
are in a democratic pockets it's a lot
of money being exchanged
that's why we've seen a lot of
Democratic support for tech companies
being able to crack down and also the
tech companies of course are going to be
cracking down on more conservative
things due to having so many liberals in
that particular area in Silicon Valley
of California so of course they're going
to be in favor of that which squashes
the view point of voice of their
opponent
