a UN report notes an appalling increase
in the number of civilian casualties in
Afghanistan victims from bombings using
improvised explosive devices or IEDs
have risen 21% in the last year deaths
from suicide attacks are even worse up
46% the report shares the story of a
teenager injured in one such attack I
was taking part in a cricket match at
the time after the game some of the
guests were to give speeches but before
those got underway I heard an explosion
and saw smoke I saw my blood and
realized I'd been injured I started
running there was a second explosion and
I fell to the ground and lost
consciousness it's inhuman to attack
players at a game well it has been 17
years since the start of the US invasion
of Afghanistan despite the war the
Taliban has only increased its influence
and now controls almost half the entire
country
on my orders the United States military
has begun strikes against al Qaeda
terrorist training camps and military
installations of the Taliban regime in
Afghanistan
the Taliban willing to come to the
negotiating table there's no talking to
the Taliban we don't want to talk to the
Taliban the only path to peace and
political legitimacy for them is through
a negotiated settlement the Taliban
trembles as they hear our approach there
is interest that we've picked up to the
Taliban side even before the Kabul
their choices are to reconcile living
irrelevance or die
the director of the UK's crisis Research
Institute says Washington doesn't want
to admit defeat in a failed invasion
well we're seeing the the rear and
equalization of Afghanistan on almost
the Syrian model if you like ironically
as the civil war in Syria has wound down
there's been an increase in violence and
Afghanistan and now it's probably the
most violent to these conflicts in the
world at the moment the use of these
kinds of attacks is way both spectacular
it's also very unsettling because what
it does it shows that the Afghan
government and its allies the Americans
and the British and so on can't really
control the situations Britain and
America from Afghanistan recently
through Syria and Libya and show have
shown we're very good at destroying
things smashing up our opponents but we
don't we don't do reconstruction anymore
just look at the fate of Mosul in Iraq
or Raqqa in Syria other divided councils
in Washington I think probably Trump
would like to disengage from many of
these wars which are costly both in
money and men for the Americans and not
particularly successful on the other
hand the Pentagon doesn't want to admit
defeat and the Taliban of course sensing
that perhaps it's getting close to the
victory on its terms doesn't feel the
need to talk to the Americans but the
Taliban also may feel that talking to
Russia talking to the neighbors of
Afghanistan in Moscow will help to
create a situation where a a post-war
settlement in Afghanistan will be
acceptable to the neighbors
you
