and Donald Trump is heaping praise on
his guest Emmanuel macron during the
first official state visit to Washington
the US president called a relationship
between America and France a special one
mr. president they're all saying what a
great relationship we have and they're
actually correct it's not fake news
finally it's not fake news so it's a
great honor great honor that you hear
but we do have a very special
relationship in fact I'll get that in a
piece of dandruff we have to make them
perfect he is perfect so it is really it
is really great to be with you and
you're a special friend thank you let's
get more on that now from our US
correspondent caleb warping caleb not
often Trump's happy with media coverage
as it seems he's in well a good mood
today well it was certainly a colorful
welcome given to the French president at
the White House
however the charm offensive didn't go
exactly as many thought possibly was
planned now the French president stuck
to his rhetoric about the USA being a
guarantor of contemporary
multilateralism but when he brought that
up Donald Trump didn't seem quite
receptive to those words this is his
Trump and macron we finished at least
almost our work with respect to Isis in
Syria
Isis in Iraq and we have done a job that
nobody has been able to do in Syria we
are together engaged within the
international coalition against ISIL
terrorists and we will continue to act
within this framework until the end
until victory that being said in the
long run we need to bring peace and make
sure that Syria does not become an enemy
in the region now earlier we've heard
Makran bragging saying that he was
responsible for convincing Donald Trump
not to remove US military forces from
Syria
however Donald Trump does not agree with
that narrative of events let's take a
listen as far as Syria is concerned I
would love to get out I'd love to bring
our
incredible warriors back home they've
done a great job now when it came to the
Iran deal just an hour before the press
conference Donald Trump and the French
president they were both very adamant in
their positions Trump was at that point
saying what he said for a long time
which is opposition to the p5 plus one
conclusion in the nuclear deal
whereas Makran was saying that there was
no good Plan B on that they needed to
stick to the nuclear deal this is what
they were saying prior to today's
meeting people know my views on the Iran
deal it was a terrible deal should have
never ever been made we could have made
a good deal or a reasonable deal the
Iran deal was a terrible deal we have to
take as a part of the broader picture
which is security in the oval region
it's insane it's ridiculous it should
have never been made but we will be
talking about it
what we want to do is to contain the
Iranian presence in the region and DC
pure is part of this broad broader
picture they're not going to be
restarting anything they restarted
taking that big problems bigger than
they've ever had before and you can mark
it down they restart their nuclear
program they will have bigger problems
and they have ever had before but just
an hour after sitting down with the
Donald it seems that Makran has changed
his tune somewhat this is Makran after
meeting with Trump the people mwah
because any panic for a number of months
I've been saying that this was not a
sufficient deal but it will enable us at
least until 2025 to have some control
over their nuclear activities we
therefore wish to work on a new deal
with Iran mr. president you were saying
that it was no plan B what Iran deal was
to be preserved now you're talking about
a new deal with Iran why did you change
your mind when I said there was no plan
B I usually refer to the fact there is
no planet B it was about climate change
rather than Iran
what do you have as a better option I
don't see it
what is the what-if scenario or your
plan D I don't have any plan before
nuclear against against Aaron
so at the accumulation ship especially
given those recent events in Syria of
course as well Arty's caleb Maupin there
from washington giving us the latest on
Mac Ron's first official state visit to
the United States
