the human rights group Tessa LEM has
released a video showing an Israeli
soldier cheering after he shot a
Palestinian with a rubber bullet in the
West Bank this comes out as outrage
continues to grow over the Israeli
Defense Forces suppression of protests
in the Gaza Strip and just over three
weeks of protests there 40 Palestinians
including four children have been shot
dead that's led the United Nations and
the EU as well to call for independent
investigations
despite that though an Israeli general
has said that soldiers will continue to
shoot everyone who approaches the border
fence between Gaza and Israel including
children to my great sorrow sometimes
when you shoot at a small body and you
intend to hit his arm or shoulder it
goes even higher the picture is not a
pretty picture
but if that's the price that we have to
pay to preserve the safety and quality
of life of the residents of the State of
Israel then that's the price now the
Israeli Defense Forces have responded to
the criticism over their actions in Gaza
by releasing a picture it appears to
show a group of Palestinian boys
attempting to damage the border fence
the IDF says Hamas which governs Gaza is
using youngsters to carry out acts of
terror Israel's Defense Minister has
also lent his support to the IDF he
stressed that protesters should not be
approaching the border let's go live now
to Mustafa Barghouti general secretary
of the Palestinian national initiative
going to join us us live thanks for
joining us sarin on the program today I
mean what was your reaction to this
latest video to emerge from the West
Bank we have seen a lot of them haven't
we that have caused outrage what do you
make of this one well it's something
that I have seen myself during peaceful
demonstrations the Israeli army
uses lethal weapons against peaceful
demonstrators who represent no threat
whatsoever to the soldiers and they are
celebrating the fact that they are
killing Palestinians so far 40
Palestinians have been killed only
during the last three weeks by with
lethal weapons while they were
peacefully protesting none of them
really was representing any threat to
the soldiers what is happening is
nothing but war crimes what is happening
is that this Israeli army that claims to
have moral values is behaving like a
fascist army and is violating every
international law and is violating every
every regulation that should organize
how our soldiers would respond to
peaceful protesters let me tell you that
the vast majority of the people who were
killed were killed not at the fence as
they claim but inside Gaza itself
hundreds of meters inside Gaza which
means that the Israeli army aimed at
killing them let me remind you that one
of them was a journalist who was shot
and killed
there is another journalist who was
badly injured and could die we have
several Palestinian first-aid providers
from Palestinian medical Relief Society
and Red Crescent who were also injured
and the total number of people shot with
live ammunitions is no less than 1200 in
three weeks this is a crime and it
should not be allowed to continue and as
you have seen even Israeli human rights
organizations are criticizing this
behavior of the Israeli army which is
practicing I just want to ask you a
question to get as many as possible
during our chats I mean it's very clear
the IDF do you have a case to answer
here because of those civilian
casualties as the UN have said the EU
have said but I mean just to play the
devil's advocate here it's obviously
very it's tragic that these children
have died and been injured with these
you know these live ammunitions and the
other weapons the Israeli forces have
used but how would you I mean what would
you say to those that I've said Hamas
and the parents of those children are
responsible as the IDF have said for
bringing these minors various
all children to a protest where violence
is likely to happen it's not somewhere I
would bring my children if I had them
perhaps you wouldn't either I mean
surely the people that bring children to
these protests where violence will
happen do bear some responsibility I am
NOT a child and I go to these
demonstrations every Friday and I was
shot and injured nine times by the
Israeli army in several ways including
two live ammunitions when I was trying
to stop the bleeding of an injured
person I was shot by a sniper and not
now of course in previous demonstrations
and in the case of Gaza it's not Hamas
it's all Palestinian groups that are
participating and it's mainly adults and
it's not children it's young people yes
but mainly everybody is participating
men women and we've been advocating to
Hamas and to other groups to give to get
not to use military reforms but to use
peaceful nonviolent demonstrations for
16 years we've been advocating
non-violence and today they accept our
method of nonviolent resistance when we
are encountered with severe violence and
with military actions from an army does
that that does not respect any human
rights then of course the reaction is
very severe but up till now nobody
changed the method of nonviolent
resistance and I am so proud of our
people that decided to stick to
non-violence in the best traditions of
Gandhi and Martin Luther King to claim
that this is Hamas only organized is the
wrong thing everybody is participating
in that and the army is behaving in this
manner not only in Gaza but here in
Ramallah and the West Bank
two Fridays ago they attacked our first
aid provider sprayed them with pepper I
want to ask you to interrupt you but I
just want to get as many questions as I
can and after this outcry that's been
caused
yes policy about the IDF section do you
expect that you have to stop using live
ammunition to change the tactics they
used because of this outrage that's been
caused by pop wipe civilian deaths
absolutely I think the
national pressure is increasing what is
on our side very much is the fact that
young people are using social media to
penetrate the the blockage that is
imposed on us unfortunately by certain
mainstream media's especially American
media and I think the use of social
media is showing the truth the reality
and all we want is for the world is to
know the truth and exercise pressure on
this country that which is Israel that
claims to be a democracy while abusing
force in this manner
ok Mustafa Barghouti general secretary
of the palestinian national initiative
thanks for giving us your take here
today on our TV thank you for your time
