loyal we have a new phenomenon as we
have many refugees among whom there are
for example people of Arab origin who
bring another form of anti-semitism into
the country unfortunately anti-semitism
existed before that but Chancellor
Merkel's concerns aren't going to stop
Germany from opening its doors to
another ten thousand more migrants from
North Africa and the Middle East
violent assaults against Jews are
becoming more widespread within Germany
in fact the Central Council of Jews
there is even advising people to avoid
wearing the cap hub the traditional
Jewish headdress saying that it could be
dangerous
the warning comes after a man wearing a
kippah was attacked and whipped with a
belt in the German capital the incident
was captured on film by the victim we
spoke to the president of an
organization against anti-semitism who
believes more needs to be done to tackle
the problem so I hope that what Angela
Merkel said will be followed by these by
action by legislation and not only you
know very punctual comment on recent
event it's not an issue for Jews
actually it's an issue for Europe Jews
are the first target but when Jews will
fall the other will follow more and more
people will think that they will be able
to cure the plague which is Islamism
with cholera which is the far-right they
should keep in mind that you die of both
