military aggression is seemingly always
on the table when it comes to the US but
the legality of it is questionable one
document that gives the American
president expansive War Powers is the
authorization for the use of military
force or AUMF the president is
authorized to use all necessary force
against those nations organizations or
persons he determines planned authorized
committed or aided the terrorist attacks
that occurred on September 11 2001 in
order to prevent any future acts of
international terrorism against the US
by such nations organizations or persons
ever since the AUMF was passed American
presidents have used its extremely broad
wording for involving the u.s. and
conflicts worldwide including Donald
Trump when the u.s. shot down a Syrian
government bomber Washington said AUMF
gave it the right to combat ISIL in the
country but given that Islamic state
didn't officially declare its caliphate
until more than a decade after 9/11 does
that really fit the bill when it comes
to illegal military action it was really
dealing with a situation which no longer
applies it was very specific in many
respects about identifying the causes of
the need for the AUMF and the targets to
be retaliated against for years senators
have been concerned about how open-ended
the military authorization is and some
are saying enough is enough for too long
Congress has given presidents a blank
check to wage war we've let the 9/11 and
Iraq war authorizations get stretched to
justify wars against multiple terrorist
groups in over a dozen countries from
niji air to the Philippines
our proposal finally repeals those
authorizations and makes Congress do its
job by weighing in on where when and
with who we were at war with the
document already 18 years old some going
off to fight might not have been born
when it was written however the new
version appears even more
all-encompassing than the original right
off the bat it authorizes the President
to wage war against a list of groups and
a number of countries plus so-called
associated forces if the president
determines other groups a threat and
linked to previously named enemies they
can be targeted to all the president has
to do is notify Congress of the updated
hit list
yes theoretically Congress can still
vote that down but there's little chance
of a majority going against the
president the new AUMF proposal is
insufficiently precise it's very vague
the US presidency and the Congress have
basically given themselves the authority
to be loosely interpreted to do more or
less whatever they like the question how
that would stand up under international
law the president has already found ways
around such an AUMF by using
constitutional means to retaliate
against threats as he did with in Syria
just recently
