hi i'm jay kogen solace I'm a journalist
from Argentina I love travelling but
football is my chief passion the 2018
FIFA World Cup will be held at the other
end of the world in Russia I have an
idea will be imminent
do you see Toby limo as it desires a
little later Vitaly Lucas friend will
join our team by Mooka I mean Muhammad
Hassan Ali together will show both the
old and the new world what to expect
from this mysterious country host of the
2018 FIFA World Cup
finally over and such welcome where
we're gonna live tele battalion or any
road or some book
come on yay come on yes miss lee boram
boy Misaki at the Sochi which you are
with this more Somali boy barber
schizophrenia with Dom is the silliest
when you've come with this son are mine
it was an animal and the researcher
Brasa he said it is kilo reduces zulan
le here and embed an aluminum Pierrot
para pasar super kasi honest aloysha
Delmar nudity Nomad cambian Tony Montana
lo cual I see possible in LR will be no
rusev any turkey our CEO cambio
muchísimo partir del deville Gatos the
condo Castle Danny Solano's Olympic
olimpio easiness yoga también le CBO
loss equipo para la copa de la
confederación ck t mo por todo esto está
relative Ament Aleta
final moon del gran you created our data
motion know what are we going
every newcomer to Sochi should study its
typography not so long ago was a small
resort town but today Sochi is a huge
city those who love nightlife good
restaurants and exclusive beaches should
go to the city's historical center if
you like a bit of luxury and
breathtaking mountain views from your
hotel room head for Krasnaya Polyana
however the center of attraction for
football fans from all over the world is
adler site of the fisht Olympic Stadium
we're after fished of course for the
first time on our Russian trip we don't
have a room booked at first I didn't
worry
but then I got rather nervous when we
came to look for one in the market no
we're going Batali early sometimes not
sometimes not cool he knows or not I
don't know who should here
Sheila Adler Fair is a real southern
farm market lots of fresh fruits and
vegetables spices and pickles and what
sweets church Heller alone deserves a
special mention it's hard to pronounce
but it tastes like heaven Latinas
recovery named fruta sega's no SS almond
receive us sorry you are during the
World Cup a de l'affaire
will be packed to the gills produce here
is cheaper than in the shops and for
those like us who are going to rent a
flat it's a good idea to save money shop
here and cook at home and you'll save on
restaurants you're lucky
you're lucky it's yours for five hundred
rubles just over ten dollars
I bought Church Ella peaches Cornell and
nuts I even got a little change if it
costs more than double in Argentina the
main thing is to keep your eyes peeled
for a bargain really good my boss from
Argentina they called me and they say to
me I have to write a book about Russia
I'm now concentrating on booking
somewhere I forgot we had nowhere to
live Natalia Ivanovna offered us two
rooms with the kitchen in the house
our Russian trip is coming to an end and
we're saving on accommodation here the
negative side is that you never know
what to expect when you book a room on
the Internet at least you have pictures
social media it opposed to physically of
my combo yeah we got lucky again the
house we're staying in is clean
comfortable and not far from the stadium
are you gonna sleep there does Montreat
tachikoma savonius ovoid median new
motions had it not cheating cadets and
Mujeeb were a pirata Tortosa 20 minutes
we meet here and we live ok ok I will
for you
you ready yeah almost while my friends
were collecting their belongings I was
thinking about my FIFA book
I already know how to begin the Sochi
chapter here for the first time on our
trip I felt at home
Sachi dispels the myth that it's always
cold in Russia the local climate is
amazing people from all over Russia come
here in summer those who aren't fans of
beach life take to the mountains after
chatting with the driver
we discovered that jaunt takes about
five hours and costs seven thousand
rubles that's 130 dollars considering we
saved on accommodation we decided to go
on the excursion
Oh sheep easily but I'll pay you
classical Rousseau oh yes our horse
again I'm ready to listen Kanta serene
look inclusively possible nombre
shipping listen there are lots of
off-road routes around Sochi and we've
chosen a most extreme
money yeah you found money you got
something good in your job I must learn
how a book example man they stop this
you must write about the democratization
of Isaiah we should go and try I guess
you know today we go to the casino now
after this yes why not
I'm gonna roll
Xochi is the only Russian city hosting
the FIFA World Cup where gambling
casinos are allowed you can bet on your
favorite team there are bookmakers
everywhere but game machines and poker
tables are only allowed in
well you know how the saying goes when
we're together we're invincible when
we're invincible we're lucky
so the tally
so which new twist
the one
oh okay
Diego with this leave this put this in
one place in one place my birthday your
birthday
so the other day that's amore and so
look Daniel
only when the croupier threw the ball
onto the roulette did I realize that the
fate of my final days in Russia was now
being decided would I live in a low
caste hostel and eat instant noodle soup
I'll be able to show off
I don't remember the night we celebrated
my winnings but I'll never forget it the
next morning was the shirt was Cosette
Diego Diego no money no money no money
no maja yay go come on no money no maja
dark yet me mushi medium
yeah just like their co-op Latin muha
with the money that here is this Melania
the any existence near most oh no grass
again
see
honestly I've never written in such a
car heading to the Sochi Stadium
I felt like Lionel Messi not an ordinary
journalist although I wasn't greeted by
a crowd of adoring fans I was met by
Dennis raskov the head of the department
in Krasnodar for World Cup preparations
in most Russian city is hosting the
World Cup stadiums are being built from
the ground up however such is fished
opened in 2014 for the Winter Olympics
it hosted the opening and finishing
ceremonies the stadium had a marine
theme during the 2014 games fished
resembled a clam
it had no South and North stands but it
was rebuilt for the 2017 FIFA
Confederations Cup
and tell me please who was the change
between at the beginning it was and
Stadium for the Winter Olympic Games but
today it's a statement for football who
was it
doctor eager sequential is Sinha below
Branagh year of mystery or will billion
asleep on a pizza in a sleigh porch we
didn't arrive druggies pisani material
of cattle savonia beasts picture with
atomic polio normal no reason idiot nest
today fished accommodates 45,000 people
and has two covered side stands and to
open ones by the way the Sochi sport
complex has been nominated for a
prestigious prize at the World
Architecture Festival a portable new
FIFA village of misty mist study una
village college - amidst a little scare
but among the strain of the pony chili
would achieve Raymond Lee the Bhumika
Tori Budiman Keeravani Watonga Dooku
preconfigured say Ana bleep nasty
remarks upon you know Salah Villita
Katori this blonde samurai-sama
destroyed and mu+ katham na more Irish
names glad this Cucaracha created a
football Napoleon abdominus Madrid
football feast is situated in Olympic
Park along with other Winter Olympics
structures the main square metal plaza
lies in the park centre a festival for
fans will take place here in 2018 more
than 30,000 fans are anticipated to take
part this book while a new domino become
on the Germani probably after beating
Cameroon in Mexico in the 2018 FIFA
Confederations Cup the German team along
with the Brazilians decided to have
their training camps in Sochi
according to German team coach Joachim
löw there are wonderful stadiums here
with perfect pitches on which
high-quality games can be played the
Germans like playing in Sochi so much
that as a sign of respect they have had
dementia printed on their t-shirts
it means national team William Duvall
key in no problems a Napoleon immunity
on Putin Caterham circa Monday ah Sarah
Ashley Ashley Graf Ubu or Western I
resist we hope olya
mr. steamy Liberata Mikoto revenues are
Okubo video defi up new chief suh
byung-soo cash the desert
we are at the pitch where the World Cup
quarterfinal match will be played so now
we can go home happy but I have one more
surprise for you
dear fans tomorrow morning you'll see
and now
- no for IT
it's time to move from our comfy little
flat to a luxury hotel as all VIPs and
taught people at the forthcoming
tournament will stay in Krasnaya Polyana
we're heading there
the most exclusive hotels in Krasnaya
Polyana are practically fully booked all
year round because they offer the lap of
luxury
we go to the beach with a wife agree and
live our life after coughing champagne
we decided to go to the beach in our
whirlwind of activity I'd forgotten
about it but they come to Sochi and not
visit its famous beaches is nonsense the
city's Fan Zone will be located here
just a few steps from fished the stereo
you know it's nice and we tell it was a
little bit scary because of the when we
were at the top of the stadium I saw it
I'm rich the teacher to disregard
condemnable in the poetry No
I don't mind not understanding the guys
chatter it gives me time for my own
thoughts tomorrow we're leaving I have
to pack and sleep
no forget sleeping I almost forgot the
surprise I taught about tomorrow bring
some spring da means the Latino caucus
forum novice Porter yeah but stupid
Santa bring me a Snickers check a latke
no no cut it cut it cut it
no no cut it well what sorry
you see you stated that you're gonna
jump now we're gonna see what is faster
it's missing back in Argentina I
discovered this a special place in Sochi
if you love the extreme you can't ignore
it not far from Adler at a dizzy height
hangs Russia's longest pedestrian bridge
it looks seriously scary well sure yeah
I'm not sure what Mitchell anymore
goodbye yes at the beginning and middle
of the bridge there are places for
bungee jumping where a brave and daring
soul gets tied to a long rubber rope
what they do next is obvious I think
this is mine
you can do it
he's alive
the lowest irrational okay with the
money appoint ostatic a decision the
KFOR I underestimated Vitaly he kept his
word
now it's our turn to get cold feet
muchachos a height of 150 meters he'll
jump with special equipment that looks
like a swing kikuchi para telephone of
sex or chi - onlookers perhaps it
doesn't look that bad but when you're
plummeting at 150 kilometers per hour
it's a different matter it's time to go
for it I can't believe I'm going to jump
from 200 meters that's like two football
pitches
goodbye dear world go by to my unwritten
book about the World Cup farewell to
Russia's most extreme city elemental
Odyssey le gusta pero la conozco key see
me rope Arabic obey Jacinto CA Tomatoes
me prymakova tante no solo proxy no
atonte
kono saki de la casa es una buena de
para una Linda a padilla de la silla
pakka's og-pog ah
Moscow is our final destination let's
show off a bit before leaving the most
luxurious hotel of the entire trip the
biggest stadium of the upcoming World
Cup and a dinner at the highest point in
Moscow await us
Alicia vodka
you
