hi I'm JK Gonzalez I'm a journalist from
Argentina I love traveling but football
is my passion the 2018 FIFA World Cup
will be held at the other end of the
world in Russia I have an idea mono nado
but we in a stool on it
below you see Toby who is a little later
Vitaly Moo his friend will join our team
by Mooka I mean Muhammad Hassan Ali
together will show both the old and the
new world what to expect from this
mysterious country host of the 2018 FIFA
World Cup
so she can include a llamada the
statistical metal is vulgar grander
Brosco that is a message to show the
rogojin Breanna stop we have to stop
retentive Japan addresses the most
Morita
for the first time we traveled between
the World Cup host cities by car
entering rust off we saw a huge statue
it's a reminder of the Civil War for
some time after the Russian Revolution
it was the capital of the so-called
white movement the enemies of Lenin this
statue was built to commemorate the
liberation of Rostov from them Diego
let's take a selfie
voted cornea as anumita chunka chunka a
catalyst tourniquet or a balsa polymer
postscript Leon
Yuri McGraw stands ky-
of course a car isn't the only way to
get to rust off a new international
airport is being built for the World Cup
it's 30 kilometers from the city judging
by the design that will have quite an
original look a glass semicircular roof
will make it resemble both a stadium and
a concert hall like in Sydney it'll be
called flat off after a legendary
Cossack Ottoman but we'll talk about
cosmics later
yes beside the Volga scenes of cassation
Steel II but a monstrous trophy let's
see whoa Kazakhstan what nastácia Kazakh
when you warned Rodney Gordievsky Kristi
shashka mr. charitable Kazakh patella
it's a symbol because I just literally
did really well he picked a great hotel
I'm no expert on Cossacks but you can
really feel a spirit of freedom here the
hotel Nestle's in a garden complete with
pergolas and benches it really looks
like a Cossack homestead at least it
corresponds to Batali's description
Cossacks have no nation rather they're
an historical order of professional
military border guards and the people of
Rostov still honor their ancestors
traditions in Lari completion Oh decir
que un polo ver arrow cave en la Pira
Fidel poor entonces imperio Russo a
relation durante con cada uno de los de
tour no pero para me no Vanessa siete
cuando se de la revolucion Rosa bein
conceived a reconocimiento poor parte
del gobierno central estaba poor
entonces dents amputee guru por eso que
decir en bolcar say the lovely her Seto
Blanco L context toda la irascible pero
pero en y como PRN to tradition is so
cool to decay de práctica maintain de su
so durante muchisimas a nose okay per
our barrio de cádiz un cambio total de
polka para que finalmente qu hora la
cultura Akasaka finalmente como te digo
vulva a tener una suerte de revelation
let's go deargo
and they charge only 2000 rubles about
$33 for all this splendor
Venga Venga Venga Venga thank you for
everything here in Russia you need money
for everything for every movement you do
you need no no you can't do it without
money tomorrow a gingy intelligent
miss James nice more Magoo nice more
Margo let's make a bit okay what if I
survive a day without money you can you
guys gonna pay my dinner and if not I
will pay your dinner
okay one day one day mmm no way not this
Porter's thing no way okay see you guys
start no more oh don't go dingus why you
dice okay more okay man
and then you say John yeah right as if
he'll go the whole day without spending
money
I don't believe mukha but how does he do
it but now it's time to get some work
done
Rostov Spain Stadium awaits us
Mooka told us later that since his
student years he's known how to get a
free meal in Russia he says at local
markets you can sample anything you see
and get so full you won't need anything
else for the rest of the day Rostov
arena is on the left bank of the dawn to
build this giant Sports Complex they
created a huge sand mound
so the multi town building wouldn't
subside the stadium's location was
chosen to blend in with an urban
development concept after the World Cup
a whole new city neighborhood will
spring up around Rostov arena in
accordance to fighting in Pakistan
Russia is the pollak IMO bukata de Plaza
Gotham has not done my menses table
idiot a percent of foursome disappeared
we do th snare about the last minute
dibs on the dietary persona what a brat
eating rotten skybox in oblems away
period Catrice it is too emotional was a
broad deep embrace the husband washer
it's working so let's go and see
something else
a southern marketplace is a unique place
arranged in a kind of audit chaos
sausages can easily be sold next to
jewelry pickles next to fruit and fish
next to shoes it seems that only the
locals can figure this hodgepodge out
but it was Einstein himself who said
Only Fools need order a genius rooms
over chaos I see a grown man see just
Mona Williamson some I was so caught me
at que quieras Paulo goats
see Gina loves Italy what no yes
librated pneumonia to his live with doge
kid the Riviera admit we procrastinate
cipolla
movie desuka team Kosovan attack
teachers give Samira Prieta for
balusters
a stadium is first of all a theater its
main function is to allow spectators to
enjoy games to the full extent that's
why they literally bent Rostov arena
stands they use the maximal rake angle
namely 32 degrees and the distance
between the lines on the pitch and any
seat doesn't exceed 50 meters so from
any spot in the stadium you can see
everything that's happening on the pitch
this state-of-the-art stadium will host
five World Cup matches Brazil will
kick-off rosten's part of the tournament
the game between Brazil and Switzerland
will take place here on June the 17th on
June the 20th
Uruguay plays Saudi Arabia on June the
23rd South Korea face Mexico and on June
the 26th Iceland battle Croatia
rostov-on-don will also host one last 16
match people here are so kindly I have
been here for only 10 minutes and I've
tried a lot of different stuffs like
vegetables fruit sweets now I'm going to
eat some meat ciao the working position
top allah masha summer lucia summer
would be my puller
this yeast Grenache yes the rods
yesterday Pliny apolar
he sees Nepali Pola still shots are no
poskim import Iranian fifa15 8 meter of
stoppable Avedon outside the if she
would eat what you answer to issue is
nominal no Vuitton Poli store noble as I
seen Elliot on some more sorrow we talk
with Rebecca - Raymond I thought Venice
Carnival system mobilize Cena in a CLS
KFC only topple operations cost an
immunity me what we developed our
coaches but boot sista cooperative
skinny Buddha personally played carnival
system Eco watching in war avoid spicy
bubbles schwa store positive fantasy
Russa disengages value in the roast of
DNA formerly villa también dicen que le
le le Sochi TNA formerly Ostra dicen que
literally samara
DNA formally opening it también dicen
que esto le Casson tiene forma de ola
creatividad Russa al symposium Mario
series Nikita Mucca Mucca so Moscow is
that golden
Mooka told us later but he hadn't
enjoyed such a delicious and hearty meal
for a long time
gastronomy and Rostov is a special
pleasure the city is known for exquisite
cuisine incorporating crayfish oh great
fish unfortunately I cannot try the
crayfish now but I'm already full so now
I can go and have a walk in the city see
ya
while crayfish are a symbol of Rostov
cuisine the river Don where the crayfish
live is the symbol of Rostov itself the
World Cup Stadium is sited on the left
bank of the dawn we walked across for a
Shilov ski bridge currently being
remodeled to the right bank were a place
rostoff residents love the promenade
lengthy and spacious with vibrant cafes
numerous statues playgrounds and
secluded corners the Rostov promenade is
one of the longest in Russia and for the
World Cup it'll be extended another 4.5
kilometers free Wi-Fi is available here
so the whole world will be able to see
my next stander posted online right away
Tim acondo nombre de la cosa por ejemplo
de que toma el metro most Kootenai
caetera tent Oh porky porky I were a
citizen a que tienen el MIMO nombre a
given different tell you are is a
significant figure della lineal code la
línea de ma para sugar a correcto
destino I'll go similar to silicon la
ciudad por ejemplo Novgorod when this
Yahoo a la copa el mundo
I were areas north go Don Alejandro
Sabella Koopa Sula Haruna initially
Novgorod no MIMO pasa con roast of ivory
a student as a shaman Rostov a lo largo
ancho russia appear hola copa del mundo
siva who are solamente una occur in
roast of build on a pork is ishyama veld
on who the mental ray operator rio por
el que el Don
later that night
Mooka called Vitali saying he was
waiting for a song pushkinskaya street
it's as popular in Rostov as the are bad
is in Moscow Rostov is a very friendly
city with an amazing atmosphere you feel
truly relaxed here and its climate
contributes a lot to that in South
Russia it's warm and sunny almost like
in my home country people here are
extremely amiable you can approach
anyone and they'll give you directions
or help in any way they can
the city itself is beautiful and neat
old aristocratic mansions stand in close
proximity to Soviet buildings and modern
business centers parks and gardens also
abound here so while in Rostov you can
really relax and enjoy yourself
fortunately Anita Kim's poster forms are
about the white Jenga revertas a bra
luminous a Yankee non union is
originally a proba what they're about
so he's decided to make some money what
a surprise though in Russia they say
don't whistle you'll lose your money
people in rostov are relaxed and
sociable it's so easy to strike up
acquaintances here we'd only been
talking ten minutes when Ksenia and
Daniel volunteered to take us on a tour
of their hometown so here's a Tirana
square uh-huh no yeah yeah and which is
the theater
yeah sure is there yeah and here's the
place where the motors the guys with
good motors came here and the
good-looking girls also came here to
show yeah the bad guys let's watch that
and this is a monument about Second
World War
uh-huh because Rostov is two times yet
on the Nancy's right two times two times
here it was created by and what about
the Guarani permit Nick she
constructivism of media
gorky theater really does impress it was
a pretty daring idea to build a theater
in the shape of a tractor it blends
right in with the cityscape though
Daniel told us this square in front of
the tractor theater will host the World
Cup fan fest they'll install a huge
stage and a giant 150 square meter
screen here where all 64 World Cup
matches will be shown the fan zones
capacity will be about 22,000
between the games set crown r-square
will host concerts and sports
competitions
and Rostov will have a second fanzone
the World Cup games will also be aired
live on a giant screen in Fontana a
square like food you like it yeah Ksenia
and Daniel are like our personal World
Cup volunteers in fact there'll be more
than a thousand real volunteers in
Rostov their job is to help world cup
guests feel at home in Russia they'll
help you find a hotel the stadium a fan
ID Center a restaurant so don't hesitate
to ask them our new friends didn't just
tell us about it they took us to a
restaurant serving traditional Cossack
food
yeah and then school rock ethic state a
new depression in the machete a Stuka
just reduce Ruby restaurateurs reckon
not there is a forest all reserve mr.
Mescon Prakash not focusing enough staff
to Morocco
what certainty is not a murder couple
stuff sack roi yot a new point your
insidious new premium career vitaly
might have put on a little act but
actually each dish here was just
delicious all kinds of pickles river
fish and of course crayfish
we stayed there a long time sitting
eating and listening to Cossack songs
Daniels ancestors were rushed off
Cossacks he can talk about their culture
for hours he's an architect by trade but
he's also a literature buff Daniel told
us lots about Sherlock off and off
my favorite Russian writer Anton Chekhov
was born and lived not far from Rostov I
couldn't miss this chance just before
our trip to Rostov the FIFA Committee
approved a list of world cup base camps
in Rostov the world's best players will
train at the truth stadium at Azores
Edward Lacombe of Sports Complex and
that torpedo Stadium in taganrog a town
about 70 kilometers from Rostov it's
where my beloved Chekhov was born so
let's mix business with pleasure we can
take a look at the training pitch and
pay a visit to Anton Pavlovich
reconstructs Astana match table really
miss nettle algo de Paula practice got
over passive otra we stayed on budget
as Michelle trapiche twisted Italy in
other words at Rp de atomist noggin
rocks commander millennium series do I
miss that sure be active a ghost Royston
subsist infrastructure ray
Taganrog store pedo stadium is one of
the oldest in the Rostov region in
Soviet times it even hosted
international games during its long
history torpedo had never been remodeled
but for the 2018 World Cup they
practically rebuilt it from scratch it
will have a capacity of 3212 and the
pitch will be as good as Rostov arenas
all new MPs a la copa del mundo de el
estadio torpedo akka sir kita Derro
stope hacer un campo de entrenamiento
grant el mundo y despues passer la
Concha de el equipo de noir rio del
equipo de el pueblo mira employer go
through chandra'etta rapido this
improvement in Osawatomie manu de semana
but overall a checkin up on you it's
what they are wearing it off tonight on
polar Cano Yanis polkas now when I
believe mr. plan you were superior in
your ovation agree
spasiba one more amazing formats is
accepted an alumna Thank You Jessi Wow
miss de a-- that's albania let's go
before leaving I just couldn't miss the
opportunity to visit a place associative
a Chekhov Taganrog has several museums
dedicated to him but the most
interesting is the little house where he
was born
you realize that in this city like all
the houses and stuffs it's not it's not
hi
it's like nineteen styles yeah I like
that much fur off this yeah real Russia
I want a mu CH equal don't do nudists
alright oh it's water eating rice amok
one makes good sir he's not half as much
nuttin
Susumu was a message methods of this
Tolkien reduce a book or a book won a
Stanley period mrs. Chiaverini not
smoothie too complicated pneumonia
Pataki my HMO stop us condom claw
analyst superheroes now I can
acquisitive dome extremely well show if
the state is through cognitive cooling
key Porsche Porsche treated past believe
in a metro your decentralizing yards
petite averag pregunta past August in a
tag lon a machinist doom mr. jessebella
simian idea Dylan illusion with a polish
around Polly garage satisfy will be much
a team in year at SEC Media houses
manuals the house is tiny hardly enough
room to swing a cat nevertheless it's
where the man whose stories and plays
still move the world was born a new
episodes of spine you ready to school
yes the balloon Catlin average dunno
untoasted ability Shabnam anonym res
merely take Revati no Gaspar shoe store
until ready to the possibility Kimani
cover Roasters yet the auto static da
Buddha Pliny despite policia
a bush in paid muga padieu shocked if I
return with Vaisakhi pinky metabiotic I
traded circuit or enum such as Nippon
yet
I really don't want to leave but we must
continue on our journey however I have
an interesting party story to tell Talan
bro sollozzo sienta cincuenta Milla
persona real opera Doha Akita SUDEP / co
la capitale de Lucia porky porky la del
siglo se siente el / entonces emperador
Pedro el Grande necesita una salad Almar
police okay funda da cidade kakuta men
TTL a ver tu tiene Loxy so al maraa so
pero sin embargo Lester Dario Manuel Co
Latoya hi Daria I pedaled Ronde de Syria
entonces thunder Sampat a Volvo insula
definitivamente ly capital del imperio
the next stop is such a the locals say
once you've started to have fun in Sochi
it's impossible to stop Russia's answer
to the Riviera and the future World Cups
most southerly City await us
you
