there was no trial no discussion no
evidence no proof
there was only judgment and punishment
is highly likely that Russia was
responsible we do hold Russia culpable
culpable culpable for the attempted
murder more than a hundred Russian
diplomats were expelled by Britain and
its allies they were told to pack and
leave Russia replied in kind tit-for-tat
Moscow wasn't asked to defend itself it
was told only to confess we're all
confident about the identity of the
culprit and the only question is whether
he will first confess the press led the
mob pundits marched forward proclaiming
Russia's culpability and guilt they
needed no proof what they wanted was
fear ratings they said the government
had all the proof it needed is the
government going to accuse Russia
poisoning of Sergey spree Pal is not an
isolated case but the latest in a
pattern of reckless behavior by the
Russian state the Russians Russian serve
Russian russia russia russian russian
denial i'm afraid the evidence is
overwhelming that it is russia
the UK Foreign Office tweeted that the
Nova choc nerve agent used in the attack
on sergey skripnikov
can from russia and then it all went
south we have not verified the precise
source you have not been able to
establish a Porton Down that this was
made in Russia as I said it's our job to
provide you know their scientific
evidence that identifies what the
particular nerve agent is so to be clear
you're not able at Porton down to say
where it is from we haven't yet been
able to do that Britain's top chemical
labs said that they had no idea where
the nerve agent came from in direct
contradiction to Boris Johnson's claims
claims that he used to convince his
allies to boot out Russian diplomats the
Foreign Office's initial tweet was
quickly deleted and all of it was blamed
on a misunderstanding someone had
transcribed it wrong except Boris had
said the same thing on video you argue
that the source Oh far they snuff edge
and Navi choke is Russia how did you
manage to find it out so quickly when I
look at the evidence I mean the people
from from port and I they were
absolutely categorical and I asked the
guy myself I said are you sure and he
said that has no doubt Britain's
government went into damage control they
had other secret information they
claimed intelligence reports were
classified of course but that doesn't
matter it could only have been Russia
there is no alternative conclusion other
than that the Russian state was culpable
for the attempted murder of mr. script
pal and his daughter the pundits needed
even less the name Nova chock sounds
Russian means Russia did it they've
established that it is Nava chalk and
that is by definition of the translation
of the name which means newcomer part of
a program in the Soviet Union in the
late 70s and 80s
the points made there are a lot of
questions to ask of this whole mess but
over the last weeks we've interviewed
dozens of chemists experts and military
types and here are their biggest gripes
the Nuvi choke nerve agents a new secret
they haven't been for decades
there's many well published formulas of
nerve agents so that's it's no problem I
mean married whether you have sarin so
mangy f VX they're abundant abundant and
and the structures are known and then
the toxicity profiles are known so so
many people can make nerve agents and
they know what structures to go to go
toward thing is anyone can legally
synthesize nerve agents
there's no ban so long as it's for
research the OPCW convention does not
forbid researching toxins for the
purpose of defense against them I think
many countries which have advanced
chemical programs carry out such
research for defense as we show there is
unclassified information the US Britain
France the Czech Republic and others
carry out such research might come as a
surprise given what Boris Johnson and
others had said earlier you need to know
about the difference between modern
Britain and the government of Vladimir
Putin seriously they make knowledge
shock we make lightsabers one is a
hideous weapon specifically designed for
assassination the others are an
implausible theatrical prop with a
mysterious body wooden arm anymore
perhaps not the entire truth they
identified the substance very quickly
which would mean with absolute certainty
that Porton Down has the substance which
it could compare structure samples with
not so innocent after rule puddin down
has its own secrets well there's no way
that anything like that would ever have
from us or you know leave the four walls
of our facilities we'll decide to the
the the theory that is this is somehow a
British operation and you've waived it
out of the door well it certainly isn't
anything that came from our facility
because as I said we've got the highest
standards of control and security and
there's no way that anything like that
could ever have come from Portland I'm
the the the board they have the samples
they do it's not a secret
you can literally google step by step
instructions on the synthesis of the
deadliest nerve agents here they are
screenshots from books and studies
available to the public
neither the formula nor the chemicals
any more Russian than itself the
chemicals are very simple and so the
first reports on these kept blaming kept
kept saying that the chemicals were
uniquely Russian technology and and when
I look at the chemical structures that
that simply isn't true for years now
researchers have published studies and
feces on nova choc which there are
dozens and dozens of many developed in
different countries in 2007 aus also
published a paper on numerous chemical
compounds we were interested because of
their toxicity the author United them
under the Nova choke system here I can
show you there are more than 60
compounds here and they've all been
indexed that means someone somewhere
synthesize them and share the
information since then these formulas or
some of them have appeared in various
publications constantly you simply
cannot say they are secret there's more
to it if you suspect a potential
adversary has made a new discovery you
have to do the same in order to study
the new substances properties and make
an antidote it's true to say that Russia
is not the only country being able to
synthesize a few grams of nova chalk and
the late nineties all intelligence
services in the west
worked on lava chalk because there were
these rumors about a new military
chemical agent produced in Russia so so
I'm not surprised that in France in in
UK in United States they have this kind
of information that could explain the
speed in which the products was
identified is that's the purpose and
that's the job of this kind of
laboratories and it we isn't as
difficult as it sounds if it's really a
Navi choke we're dealing with it's not a
real problem to synthesize that kind of
nerve agent all the necessary components
are easily available on the open market
the synthesis does not require
sophisticated procedures any specialist
in organic chemistry would be able to
make it though every expert we talked to
says you need serious expertise and
substantial funding to make the pure
nerve agent
you
