the fatal shooting of a Palestinian
teenager during ongoing clashes on the
Gaza border has been caught on camera
the boy was allegedly shot by his really
Defense Forces a warning you may find
the following video disturbing Mohammed
I was shot in the head and died
instantly he was 15 years old
palek spread following the shooting the
arty spoke to the freelance cameraman
who filmed the incident he says Mohammad
wasn't threatening the soldiers and was
unarmed he was participating in a march
like everyone else
lots of people were participating and he
was among them he was not a threat to
the Israeli army and he was not acting
in a manner that could have been
considered threatening he was a 15 year
old child no matter what he was doing he
couldn't have been posing a threat to
the soldiers given the distance between
him and the fence as well as the fact
that the soldiers were stood 100 to 200
meters back from the fence on the other
side when I filmed him he wasn't
carrying a stone or a slingshot or a
knife he was acting like everyone else
at the March the shooting happened on
the gaza is really border where
Palestinians have been holding
anti-occupation protests for almost a
month they're demanding the return of
territory they believe Israel has seized
RT also managed to speak to his family
they say he was on a peaceful protest
and was standing far from the border
fence Mohammed was 300 metres away from
the fence and even if he was right next
to it he was at a peaceful demonstration
he was just a child was he carrying a
missile launcher was he shooting at the
soldier who killed him why did they kill
him I'll tell you what Mohammed did
wrong Mohammed's fault was that he was
demanding his rights he asked to go to
the demonstrations and I said I didn't
want him to because the Israel is
threatened and target people each Friday
threats from the Israelis increased then
he asked to go and play outside but he
escaped and ran off to the demonstra
as soon as he got there they targeted
and killed him it happened in less than
an hour Muhammad knew that his uncle was
going to the demonstration and said I
want to go with you he said no as he was
afraid that something might happen to
the boy I thought I'd convinced Muhammad
to stay at home but he left asking his
aunt to tell me and my wife he was just
going to the fence for an hour he was
returned to us as a martyr the Israeli
Defense Forces has reacted to the
incidents posting a picture on Twitter
showing Palestinians close to the border
fence tamina Hamas is using youngsters
for terror acts Israel's Defense
Minister also stood by the IDF
Cistercian calling for people not to
approach the border the only culprits
and the death of the 15 year old boy in
Gaza are the leaders of Hamas those
cowards hide behind women and children
and use them as human shields so that
they can continue to dig attack tunnels
and carry out terrorist actions against
the State of Israel I say to the
residents of Gaza for a long life do not
approach the fence it is outrageous to
shoot at children how does the killing
of a child in Gaza today help peace this
tragic incident must be investigated a
full investigation is needed the EU
calls on the Israel Defense Forces to
refrain from using lethal force against
unarmed protesters all Israel has
launched an investigation into the case
following worldwide criticism of the
shooting the demonstrations have left
dozens of Palestinians dead and injured
in the past three weeks
