white helmets the self-styled emergency
response group behind the reports of the
chemical attack has long been embroiled
in controversy they have been frequently
accused of links to jihadi groups in
Syria including terrorists affiliated
with al-qaeda the activists enjoy wide
support from Western governments
disclosing that they had received 12
million dollars in overseas donations
this year the US which is thought to be
the white helmets largest contributor is
reviewing its funding for rebuilding war
Roberts Syria but the State Department
assured that the group won't be affected
by any cutbacks as the funding any
funding that the US was providing to the
to this group ended because of the pause
as far as I'm aware all of the work
still continues people's bills are still
being paid if there's anything that's a
change to that I'll certainly let you
know unless contributions are still
flowing as far as I know that as all
still is all still in play I mean
there's no rationale for supporting
these groups the white helmets don't
work in any government territory and
they have a very political agenda one
might argue that the white helmets are
doing some humanitarian work as well but
because of all their political linkages
one can easily say that they are
compromised because as a humanitarian
effort you shouldn't be taking part Ford
rebel groups and calling for regime
change that defeats the objective that's
why there are so many question marks
against the white helmets there are a
lot of people's who say we should stop
supporting these groups and they're
questioning the motives of Western
involvements in Syria because over the
last seven years it's now evident and
all these groups had linked with
terrorism
you
