german politician from Angela Merkel's
ruling party is facing allegations she's
been earning money by hosting refugees
in her own hotel Peter Oliver has the
story
while refugee numbers arriving here in
Germany have dropped off significantly
the main focus for the government has
moved on to how best to house and
provide essential services to those
already in the country the debate about
how to handle an acute situation and the
long-term integration of migrants has
divided and polarized our country to
this day now one of Chancellor Merkel's
own party members is facing allegations
of profiteering from refugees
Andrea her it's Keys being scrutinized
by the authorities in Cologne after it
emerged through reports and media that
she'd struck a sweet deal with the local
council they could see her raise as much
as two and a half million euros over the
next seven years renting out beds in a
hotel she owns two refugees the local
authorities are set to pay up to 35 euro
per night for each refugee housed and
the deal apparently says that that money
is paid even if those beds remain empty
in fact due to multiple occupancy in the
rooms they'll see Miss Harris skis hotel
actually make over market price per room
per night the best bit being this
particular deal can't be cancelled
there's even a very convenient
non-disclosure agreement written into
the contract which means that the local
authorities don't have to go into the
ins and outs of the deal interestingly
enough in her pre-election speeches had
it's key emphasized the importance of
refugee housing the union those who have
been accepted in Germany as refugees
should be kept in acceptable conditions
but those who haven't shouldn't be given
that otherwise no communities will be
able to bear the financial burden the
news left people in the area very
unhappy in the hotel was recently dogged
in graffiti saying your time is over
and shame on her it's key locals say it
isn't right this deal was done in the
first place yoshino ball I'm not happy
at all about this
she's a politician and is doing business
on the side it's a bad idea to cover the
house in graffiti what about the people
who have to live here they're refugees
they arrived here from difficult
environments as this scandal continues
it's drawn the attention of local
prosecutors who are investigating
whether there was any legal impropriety
in this politician signing a deal with
the local government for its part the
city of Cologne has issued a statement
saying that accommodation procedures for
Refugees need to be looked into but
there are also bigger questions over
just how ethical it is for a politician
to stand to make millions of euros off
the backs of refugees Peter Oliver RT
Valley
