a group of artificial intelligence
experts has written an open letter to
the European Commission calling for
robots never to be given legal status
the rights issue sparked some concern
after a number of cases made global
headlines
ethics and morality are always good to
talk about in terms of computers in the
future when robots have self-awareness
when they have something like
consciousness when they have
expectations about the future and those
expectations can be can be crushed to a
fulfilled when robots can really suffer
then I think we need to think about
their rights last year European
lawmakers passed a resolution to grant
legal status to quote electronic persons
that move is now being considered by the
European Commission politicians claim
the status change would make robots
responsible for any damage they caused
here's James Barrett again who believes
giving rights to robots could ultimately
impact on humans I don't think that
machines should have legal status if you
give machines legal status or the status
of as humans you degrade actual human
rights you if you give them rights under
law and protections you degrade the
rights of humans that are actually human
they don't have the basic measurement of
deserving rights and there's no body
that will enforce those rights so rights
for robots are really meaningless right
now
