group of Texans is fighting against the
very notion of the United States of
America by wanting independence a new
book explores the practicality of Texan
independence we spoke to its author who
claims momentum is building for
so-called protects it if you you really
want to drill down to why Texas has had
such an increase in support over the
last decade it really boils down to one
thing Texans are sick and tired of being
governed by a hundred eighty thousand
pages of federal laws four hundred forty
separate agencies and two and a half
million unelected bureaucrats at the
core Texans believe that the best people
to govern Texas are Texans this idea
that somehow this political and economic
union called the United States of
America can be fixed is a myth it is a
fallacy what we have seen is in any
attempt to repair or reform the federal
union has been met with nothing but lip
service an outright insult an outrage
here in Texas well the Texas nationalist
movement was first formed back in 2009
and has since gained more than 350,000
supporters it actively campaigns for an
independence referendum and it wants
restrictions on government spending to
in its bid to resist further economic
integration with the u.s. well according
to the polls more than a half of
independent supporters are actually
Republicans we took to the streets of
Texas to see what locals think about a
potential tech seed
oh yeah that's a good idea to have them
down and independence I definitely agree
that no
we are independent but we rely on the
rest of the country you know some people
out rights get taken from us right here
you don't really like that you know
we've had this discussion about Texas
independence for years too many people
who gave their lives for us to be in the
United States I mean because you have so
many fasts you know ethnic groups of
religion here you know as well as you
know in California so I definitely think
they should adopt that idea it's not
gonna happen it's not gonna happen in
California they'll get over it will all
be good
