on the 15th of April 1989 Liverpool
played Nottingham Forest in an FA Cup
semi-final at Hillsborough 96 football
fans died on that day today Louise
Brooks whose brother Andrew drives
massive Liverpool fan tells us her story
I'm delighted to be joined by a woman
that's campaigned for justice for 29
years now I wish it wasn't under these
circumstances and I wish would have met
in another life we're very similar we
both like to yak about like to Jack we
recently marked 29 years since the
Hillsborough disaster
your brother Andy died at Hillsborough
and so Andy always stood on the cop oh
we stood on the car and it was always so
let's say the football pictures in front
of us now it was always to the right
exactly where that so my dad knew when
it all came on the TV that Andrew is
where all the crushing wasn't my dad
knew instantly when did you get the
first inkling that something wasn't
right well my dad came to pick me up
from work at four o'clock as soon as I
got out of work with dad said come on
Oreo he said there's trouble at
Hillsborough and I said what's
Hillsborough I didn't really believe
that Andrew at the time you know was in
any trouble
we're in mid-afternoon yeah it's playing
out on television noise yeah and like so
the difference between men and narrow
and again as a football families that I
would have been same age as you and
whether that be in Kanak where I'm from
just down the road it would have been on
in the televisions in radio rentals
televisions or getting back home is that
you're aware of something bad is
happening well everybody knew books I
mean we didn't have mobile phones in
those days a landline was ringing off
the hook basically I answered the phone
and it was Julie what my brother went
with two brothers Steve and John and
then with another two lad marks boy and
a guy called Pete and it was Julie John
and Steve's sister and Sharon are yellow
she said it's Julie said John's just
phoned and said Dexys okay
and reasoning I was deck say after Dexys
Midnight Runners but it's pandemonium
and Dex II can't get through a phone so
they've asked me to pass the message on
so was that pure relief for you your dad
your mom what he's safe and reus I
walked in the lounge told my mom and dad
we all loved each other and my dad said
thank the Lord for that ten minutes
later the phone rang again so I go to
answer the phone again and it was John
and he said are you low and I said all
right he said Dexys me see
and I want you up I said Julie just
phone me he's with you she went no he's
missing we can't find you but don't
worry because it could be helping
someone he could be in shock walking the
streets you know don't worry so I have
to go back into the lanes and that our
woman me dad dangerous like and it was
my life with dad's face and I saw her
look I'm sorry I would have cried no
come on you all right
come on sorry I just get over me dad I
saw the look on my dad's face to my
dad's face was because my dad know you
say and I really believe that when I
went in and so told him that he was okay
I think we're done oh god what I was
obviously wrong and then it was my dad's
face and I saw my dad and what I've said
um right and then my brother's best
friend one of my brother's best friends
Rob said to him my phone's off he said
we're coming round and then we left
then we left brom the scrubber able to
cut mom's I'm going to chef look at her
following him and we drove up to
Sheffield
so you leave Bromsgrove to go to
Sheffield which would have been at least
a two and a half hour drive or imagine
ten o'clock and we we went to a petrol
station and we said you know where do we
need to go for Hillsborough and they
said oh you need to get the hospital
where our other northern general first
and I remember we walked this confidence
such a long long corridor and we've got
seeing the Viennese table to people and
they asked us to give identification and
describe and romwe deeds and I don't
know got nobody yeah try the alum share
or there's a boys club we ended up going
to the boys club the only way I can
describe that place is hell on earth
literally L on earth it was this room
there were other people in there like
families don't imagine Suvari verse and
every so often this police officer would
stand on a chair and go anybody
recognize this jumper anybody recognize
these trainers anybody recognize this
scarf when the mum wouldn't law oh you
didn't want to look because you didn't
want it to be your loved one so you were
too scared to look anyway one o'clock my
dad went to Hillsborough when he got to
Hillsborough he gave Andrew his name and
description and they said right go in
this board of all people honor and then
the police officer said I want you to go
along the board don't rush take your
time because I can assure you mr. Brooks
your son isn't going to look like
anything you must remember him to look
like to take your time so they went
through the board couldn't find answer
so as I got to the end of the board be
when he's not there and made effort
thank God that he's not on here so that
rock went over and said no he's not on
there blah blah blah
and he went go back again and go slower
so my dad went back again nothing the
wait he's not there
my son isn't there just do it one more
time go back again and my dad said there
were people on that board you couldn't
work out whether they were female or
male
they were unrecognizable and said there
were about a third time still nothing
and then by six steps away there was a
desk in a corner and there was another
policeman sat and this police officer
had gone through the board when my dad
went over six foot steps to this pen go
oh yeah it was identified at five to
eleven they made my dad go through that
board three times
Allen tree was one of the most
photographed people that day I was on it
virtually every bit of footage every
photo how did you feel when you when you
knew oh it's just stood there and he's
not dead he's not that I don't die on me
you know he's not big brother he's not
gonna die up there
when Andrew died I was angry with Andrew
for years avoiding you survive Andrew oh
well I know why cuz
Andrew be nuns ruined even after you you
go through the gate first you you know
you get rescued first so I always blamed
Andrew what what it don't mean this
against survivors but if they survive
watching Andrew survive
what did the families of the 96 all do
to come together why and what was the
aim well we knew that what was said
about than was lorries we knew what we
said about them just did they were they
were drunk
there were ticket leaks and there were
five thing in that kickdown again
well the gate was a sliding gate what
you can't kick down anyway but what was
that twenty six twenty seven-year period
like for you and the other families was
it just we've got to go forever long it
goes for and what's the what is the end
game what is the hope we always said we
never give you know and we work we we
never give you know we know they didn't
die accidentally we knew that the truth
wasn't told
we knew that and we just fought and
fought and fought and I've got to say
about the Hillsborough families don't
forget we're 96 different families from
all different backgrounds I'm not just a
Liverpool from Laura Brooke you know
midlanders people from all over the
place well let's just make this clear
out of the 96 Odalys 41 of them were not
from Liverpool and we're not from
Merseyside Hills for ease and national
disaster
I can those days there was no social
media I had to move to Liverpool to be
part of the campaign because living down
here unless it was on the national news
you didn't know nothing about what was
going on how much of a difference as the
social media age made social medias made
a big difference in our tell you another
thing as well Hillsborough would never
happen again now with social media the
Hillsborough
I didn't just take my brother it took my
parents the books family Diaries it
wasn't just and retired the old Brooks
family died that day and it's ruined so
many people's lives and I can't get
across the people I it affects the
survivors
you know us family and because Andrew
was a very fair person a very honest
person and very law-abiding you know I
have to do it for Andrew I do and it
says there unlawfully killed and that's
what we've all fought for that's what
we've all fought for for 26 years
show us the the freedom of the city of
Liverpool that's thing is metal it be so
proud of that
having gone through what you've gone
through why would that woman go through
29 years of campaigning losing her
parents losing a brother advocate
football fans in 2018 standing ever
again
because standing did not kill air 96 end
of if I really believe that standing
killed my brother and the other 95 I
would be the first world sign absolutely
no way common sense tells you standing
did not kill air 96 and I'll put this
out there if standing kills you tell me
why people don't get crushed to death
every year at Glastonbury people don't
get crushed at concerts when they stand
up and why east there's still
old-fashioned terracing at all Rugby
League games you stand at Rugby I'm not
just doing it for me I'm doing it for
Andrew as well because he was so
passionate about standing and I will do
everything in my power to make sure
every football fan who wants the stand
is able to stand because of the
conversations and discussions you've had
with some other families that say never
never never would Liverpool Football
Club ever go there again I think they'll
be the last ones to do it but I think
they will have to do it in the end when
every other Football Club does it they
will have to do it and I just don't that
they can put emotion aside look at facts
use your common sense and see that
standing did not kill anybody
Louise Brooks thank you so much for
joining me on the stand Cornwall job
give me a big hug thank you very much to
enjoy to know
you
let's take you to Glasgow and a stadium
we know as paradise the spirit of
Shankly supporters club from liverpool
went to celtic park to see how safe
standing works
we sent sports journalist Liam O'Hare to
look in depth
sleemo here here for the Stan Collymore
show safety of playing Ross County today
but Ross County aren't the only visitors
also families from hospital and from the
lava pool fan supporters could have the
spare - aren't we are here today to see
how the standing section at Celtic Park
walks you get 3000 fans and the real
season obviously very poignant with
house graph ions in the history of house
per hour and 1989 when 96 fans lost our
life
thick floor search to understand a bit
better what we're seeing is you know
it's it's something that's being
proposed for fans who stand in seated
areas currently about why Blitzen
alternates a result II have introduced
that it's very sensitive because this is
you know people's lived experiences this
isn't like you know I hypothetical for
lots of people it's just real life and
the Lord just to stay a little poor but
institution or Caesar stadia was was
just a consequence of Hills but so you
know for a long time that's been the
document that's defined Hills bruh so in
recent years I think there's been a
growing conversation around rail seat
but it's been you know it's a journey
for some people and along one on a
difficult one but but its fate to see
you know generally I'm pleased that
people felt comfortable and able to so
come and share this experience with us
and talk about their their fusion via
London it's you know hopefully it helps
some people and and what is the kind of
relevance with sale tickets are
obviously we know safety and love up who
are come from what both walking class
similar clubs and many centers in silt'e
but also I believe the first team to
clear up up ooh after house pros realize
that I special resonance were sale
taking over there's a very strong bond
between ourselves and self that they've
been great to us as fans you know some
people area who came up with presenting
banners and stuff like that alongside
Celtic fans so I think there's a
closeness there you know they and I
think when we as fans know that we think
you know of someone rise royal
succession it's clear we can look at
this and say right this is someone who's
maybe a bit like us all you might
support like or so it's good to see fans
believe that politics is intrinsically I
like to sport and they weren't going to
listen to any football authorities who
say that you can't have any plaque or
displays in football when Celtic fans
should create support for Palestine
against half well it was just one sign
of the the football in lengths and also
the political lengths of Celtic Football
Club
Celtic fans
postulate one take heed to being told
what to do by football and authorities
and especially when it comes to showing
support for for a cause that they
believe is so important
my name's David used my father at a huge
diatou Hills blur we've been looking at
coming off here so look at the veil the
safe stand up section closer family some
plenty of clubs in England one thought
into the grounds it looks it looks a lot
better than the actual seats to be
honest where we are it seems a lot safer
we've spoke to safety stewards and the
police in cr2 are saying it's easier to
maintain and needs it easier to manage
where them stand and now you can only
get one Pearson fitted in here and you
have lit up about three or four people
or surrounding - you have big barriers
in frontier primarily in this section
and on the old services you get swing
forward it's all about the crush area
that stop you
I'm sold so it seems a lot safer and
that's just a great idea I think as I
still a debate going on amongst lava
pool fans amongst our families and
particular about the been effects are of
that there's a massive debate and I
think people need to say to themselves
so we can make adjustments on it but
then there's some there's obviously it's
a sensitive issue with a lot of families
and people don't want wanted to come
back and and you can totally understand
why some people went to imagine and they
didn't come back which is totally long
but this is in 30 years later nearly now
and obviously the improvements are they
are here to be seen
see Stanford reasons do not mean it's
not everybody's good at in space and
it's not any accession that's near as
never see any of that kind of stuff in a
shit shit when you school everybody
jumps up together and stuff I school
that's nothing but I think some easing
is probably about this extra atmosphere
that brings a tear like Champions look
nice and even the games it's just
billion looks like the officer sees
brilliant are you gonna be down the fun
just to see to see will be and what I'm
seeing I'm a vest and I think where else
we had these the future there's not many
people wanna stand up for the game I
think oh you should up the choice the
ones you don't want to sit this is ideal
and it's increases the atmosphere the
game but that isn't the most important
thing safety is the most important thing
and it's safer than a system we have now
I think everyone who's come on our coach
today and some of them are skeptical
about they've all decided that this is
the future but what we want
any plant would come and see this they
would want it the big thing is and
you've got to respect the the families I
think if the family is even coming out
of look at it he would say you know what
this is safer than the model we have now
which is the plastic sheets and people
stood up behind them this is safer than
there's a sense like you know even
before the game there that was lots of
people like key and say you know make an
atmosphere and get behind her but see
much you know it's lost in a snow flew
see yeah and I'm field really a fairly
good time I'm looking for to see once I
turn again and a few years got about
here this or six or seven some of the
bath as well swimming the seats so I'm
gonna get a kiss or for the circus yeah
it's popular there's a list it's clearly
a big demand so no it's you see I think
it's better I strongly backed by 88% and
bringing this forward unfilled at some
point and I think if you've got love of
Liverpool fans up here talking about it
seeing that it's actually a positive and
something they want to see then I think
it's only a matter of time before you
see fans rate across but and welcoming
less and really seen the benefits of
safe standing yes for atmosphere yes for
the match the experience but also for
safety
what that's better up-to-date the
Glasgow could lead to as a real sea
change across British football that we
could see out a ton almost 30 years
after host bruh to say founding and
black football once again since our
filming at Celtic the movement
advocating safe stand in his find
interaction in the UK with a petition
gaining fifty thousand signatures in
three days asking for a parliamentary
debate on the matter West Bromwich
Albion recently had a proposal to
implement safe standing rejected by the
government as British authorities
refused to entertain the idea in
principle Sports Minister Tracy
crouchers said there are no plans to
change the all-seater policy at English
football stadiums the World Cup is fast
approaching as some of the top nations
on the planet gather in Russia for
football's greatest tournament here on
the Stan Collymore show we'll take a
look at each group before the big event
kicks off in Moscow on the 14th of June
as the hosts take on Saudi Arabia in the
opening match in group 8 both teams are
joined by Uruguay and Egypt as
Barcelona's Luis Suarez and Liverpool
superstar Muhammad Salla attempt to
plunder the gold at russia 2018 the
russians feature in their 10th finals
but you have to go all the way back to
1966 for their best finish when they
reach the last four in england hopes
will be pinned on striker for your door
small off as the Krasnodar number 10
looks to fiery side into the next round
however subordinator have experienced
difficult times on the football pitch in
recent years and resides 63rd in FIFA's
world ranking with a population of 144
million cheering on the boys Stanley's
love cherry sauce team we'll have an
army of fans providing the whole nation
with the energy they need to prevail
Uruguay and Suarez will add glamour and
flair to Group A as the two-time world
champions hope to sail through
qualification after finishing second to
Brazil in South American qualification
La Salle s usually punch well above
their weight they have a small but
passionate following as a nation with a
population of 3.5 million
she's one third of the amount of people
in Moscow itself the Uruguayan's have
clear favorites the top the group but
Egypt could offer them a credible threat
after an amazing season from marsala in
the English Premier League the Liverpool
player has taken English football by
storm as he promises to be one of the
breakout stars when the World Cup kicks
off the attacker turns 26 the day after
the tournament begins and he could
celebrate his birthday in style as the
Pharos open up their campaign against
Luis Suarez and cope Saudi Arabia make
up the numbers in this group but the
Green Falcons earn their fifth
appearance at the World Cup Finals
performer Spain striker Juan Antonio
petesy is the man in charge for the team
from the Middle East but with the
opposition at a high level the Falcons
are not expected to progress
you
