oh my god it's crazy everyone is running
from the tear gas canisters the randomly
shooting tear gas on everyone paramedics
journalists civilians protesters
everyone we were covering the the
protests and coming closer to the
protesters and suddenly they in they
intensively started to fire tear gas and
we were trapped by at least five tear
gas canisters we started to feel our
nose and eyes burning we couldn't even
take take a breath and at that time I I
literally fainted I didn't know what's
happened what was going on and it was
not only me there were paramedics and
there was a journalist that was directly
shot in his hand well I thought the
Israeli forces are actually intending to
target the Palestinian journalists and
and and the paramedics what's going on
is is ridiculous how they're targeting
everyone and no one's safe either it's a
protester a civilian a paramedic or a
journalist
