hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
US president Donald Trump says he wants
American troops to leave Syria the
foreign policy blob surrounding him says
differently so what are exactly
Washington's goals in Syria partitioned
war for war sake or a means to sticking
it to Iran and Russia all or poorly
thought-out options
crosstalking syria i'm joined by my my
guess Gareth Porter in Washington he's
an independent investigative journalist
and historian as well as author of
manufactured crisis the untold story of
the Iran nuclear scare in London we have
Danny Maki he is a Syria commentator and
co-founder of Syrian digital media group
and in Doha we cross the Mohammed
chicawa he is a professor of conflict
resolution at George Mason University
and author of what is enlightenment
continuity a rupture in the wake of the
Arab uprisings all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in anytime you want and I
always appreciate Dan Danny let me go to
you because I know you just came back
from Syria so you have a good feel for
the lay of the land here you know I
asked in my in my introduction just
exactly what do you think Washington's
goals are because I guess it depends on
who you ask
in Washington these days go ahead Danny
absolutely I mean Washington has really
had nothing of a coherent strategic
policy in Syria for many years it's not
just now when we've had four or five
years of Washington and saying that want
to take the lead from behind and not
really understanding exactly where it's
going with this strategy and this has
been really really shown by the last
events of over a hundred US Tomahawk
missiles striking different Syrian
military targets while I was in Damascus
for that matter and at the end of the
day three or four hours later you've got
pro-assad protests within syria and
jubilation on the streets because they
know washington will not achieve their
policy of regime change and that this is
purely a symbolic slash limited strike
on different military targets but it
doesn't come with the package there is
no package at the moment there is no
clear consensus over what the US wants
to do in Syria it's just bits and pieces
and it but if you read between the lines
what you've got is an administration
where you sense a lot of people want to
leave they want to leave Syria Trump
really doesn't know what he wants and
it's all up in the air and if I was
America's allies at the moment in the
region especially Saudi Arabia I would
be very worried over what the US wants
to do in Syria
you know Gareth you know maybe this is
by design because there is no real
reason for the United States to be in
Syria actually it is there illegally
under international law I also said in
my introduction is this just the means
of policy wedge a tool to stick it to
Iran and the Russians well at one level
you could say that it's all the above
because there are people within the
National Security bureaucracy who hold
those those goals but at the same time
you know there there has been as Danny
just said no coherent strategy there's
been no agreement on what US policy
should be what US strategy should be for
many years and and you know beginning
with the the original decision to
intervene on behalf of the armed
opposition to to Assad back in 2011 when
the president himself of when President
Obama knew very well that he didn't
really want to do it he felt that this
was getting into another sort of
Afghanistan type intervention which
could not turn out well
he made that argument we know repeatedly
over the next couple of years and at the
same time you had Hillary Clinton and
David Petraeus and others in his
administration pushing for a much more
aggressive policy that's been the
pattern now for years now today you have
Trump as everyone knows really
expressing repeatedly the desire to get
out of Syria and to to have a very
strict time limit on the war against
Isis and the military saying no we can't
do that and others in the administration
clearly not in sympathy with it and and
so there's a there's a kind of
uncertainty about how that's going to
play out but if you look at it in the
larger picture of geopolitics you you
know that basically the President of the
United States and the President of
Russia are both not interested in half
a war continued in Syria and I think
that that ultimately is going to play a
big role in how this plays out in the
next year let's see how this plays out
Mohammed let me go to you in Doha it
seems to me one of the reasons why the
u.s. is staying there first of all it
doesn't like the current condition and
it wants to be a power broker it wants
to be part of some kind of settlement
and it all the always it wants to make
sure it's a settlement that it wants so
it's still kind of hedging its bet
bets for regime change I'm sure that
there's pressure on from the Saudis and
the Israelis to stay there as well
but it all ties together is that it is
really incoherent and we have these
situations where we have these falls
flat as far as I'm concerned it was a
false flag operation was a chemical
weapons attack I mean I guess a lot of
the regional players have to be very
worried about what the US is gonna do
because it doesn't know what it wants to
do go ahead in Doha well apparently
there have been mixed signals coming
from the West
the White House in particular and I
think there is no disagreement that
President Trump lacks a coherent
strategy or a an after attack plan how
to sustain the presence or how to
sustain the impact of the u.s. foreign
policy in the Middle East
across the region the recent attacks in
Homs and in Damascus have been ridiculed
because he raised the high expectations
very high by condemning the red light
the great red line of his predecessor
Barack Obama in 2013 so far I think
Trump has entrapped himself in the very
same position like Obama and his lack of
effective in a lack of you know
effectiveness on the field has turned
the United States into a joke now and I
think now the Iranians are smiling the
Saudis are bewildered and also most of
the governments here are asking what's
next and I think
this is a $64,000 question yes and I
will add one more perplexity to all this
Danny is Turkey okay the US won't it
won't let it won't cut the the Kurds
loose this drives the Turks mad okay and
I've said repeatedly I put there the
Turks are in Syria legally under
international law however I do
understand their concern I can see from
their position about their security
issues visa vie the Kurds I understand
it I don't necessarily agree with it but
really is what at stake here not only is
there ambiguity coming from Washington
there is a very serious danger to NATO
unity and you know it is being played
out on the ground and I you know talking
about red lines I don't see the Turks
backing down at all
go ahead Danny the tux won't back down
and that's for one primary reason they
said they believe that they have some
sort of historic right to the north of
Syria and they've been led that way
through the actions of the United States
of America
if you look at the situation now between
Turkey and the Kurds and turkey in
northern Syria you've got the start of
another very very very long war I don't
think that this will end anytime soon
and what the US has got out of all of
this is actually that it's a very weak
Ally the the moment one of its allies
faces a problem or faces danger the u.s.
just ups and leaves and pretends like
nothing has happened and the Kurds have
only went to gone to the Russians and
gone to Assad because they feel that the
US has betrayed them because the u.s.
just left them they love Turkey to
literally eat up all of this Kurdish
territory in the north of Syria now what
we're seeing in the whole country which
is very different to how the the
previous situation was is it's a war of
peripheries now if you look at it the
only areas where this conflict and
there's tension is border areas you know
between Syria and Turkey Syria in Iraq
Syria in Lebanon Syria and Jordan the
center the center of the country has
been retaken because of the Russian
intervention in 2015 and now we go back
to that huge intervention without Russia
intervening we wouldn't have this
situation VLA
and the us are only acting out of envy
because they want to be in Russia's
position you know Russia today Russia
sorry over the over the previous weeks
has has brokered a number of agreements
for rebels to leave areas around
Damascus and kalamoon while the u.s. is
looking onwards you know striking one or
two military targets in a very vague
attack which which ultimately didn't
really Italy Rehab chemicals weapon
chemical weapons ability those strikes
would not have affected it because they
transfer essentially gave them a weeks
notice by posting it on Twitter so this
is the way the u.s. is running its war
these days and this is promised weeds
and this is something he said he would
never ever do one of his first press
conferences he said I will never tell
you what I'm going to do and then he
Telegraph's it but Gareth he did that on
purpose because he knows he's painted
himself into a corner and his advisors
are making sure that he doesn't have any
maneuver room so that's why you throw
these these missiles at them we I've
heard a dozen different versions about
how many of them made their target how
many more shot down how many um didn't
work okay I don't know okay but the
American version doesn't stand up to
much scrutiny from what I can tell go
ahead Gareth it was just political
feeder it wasn't actually a military
strike it was political theater Gareth
I couldn't I couldn't agree more
on that point and you know if you
actually read the the morning briefing
that was given at the Pentagon after the
night that the strikes took place it was
an amazing performance in the sense that
you know the the people doing the
briefing absolutely would not answer
questions you know that had to do with
for example their you know with you know
did did you actually do any air sampling
to find out if you know when you hit
this supposed place where they were
making chemical weapons that there was
any pop problem of affecting the the air
of the people surrounding it and and
it's clear that they hadn't done it
and that they couldn't basically say
what the consequences were of the target
they hit and and I I think that what
that means is that they really didn't
have any information the course was let
me jump in here let me jump in here
we've got to go to a hard break and
after that a hard break we'll continue
our discussion on Syria stay with our
team welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter labelled
Tremonti we're discussing the situation
in Syria
okay let me go back to Mohammed in in
Doha nikki Haley she says she's not
confused I think she's confused all of
the time she made it very clear that the
US presence in Syria is aimed at Iran
she was very clear about that
of course people in the White House
didn't like her saying it but she said
she's not confused okay is is this
really what it's really all about is
that because of the political situation
and the u.s. is just occupying is are
they really turning in a different
direction is this really what it's all
about is focusing in on Iran
well I think that nikki Haley is not the
only OS officially in the trauma
destination who is confused or doesn't
know how to paraphrase the intentions of
Trump and I think now we are at a
situation that is a combination of
performative politics Allah trumpism if
we can say it that way and also a
piecemeal tactics whenever Trump runs
into problems he has to figure out this
to attrex of politics in front of
cameras the difference between what is
said in front of cameras and what is
done or executed in the field and
particularly in Syria is huge
and I think now we have been talking
about the rise of anti-americanism I
think now we have to pay attention to
something new is the waning confidence
in Washington by Middle Easterners and
now it becomes like this great power
that has lost its focus and also
probably Trump has put so much on his
plate that he can handle now we have the
future escalation next month with Iran
and the nuclear deal we have the
upcoming summit with the North Korean
leader so so much to deal with and I
think now if Trump has probably
his you know the expectations of the
public here in this region of the world
by embracing so many adventures and then
he cannot deliver much what I remain
concerned about is if Trump and the
Kremlin loses their grip on both the
Iranians on the one hand and the
Israelis on the other right that's one
is going to be a messy joke and I don't
think that Trump will be able to figure
out what to do next you know that's
Danny that's the mom it brought up a
really good point because there's so
many festering issues particularly in
the Middle East but on a broad hrus
broader scale with North Korea the u.s.
doesn't have a grasp on the situation I
mean what one of the things I have
noticed with this administration is that
it's there's so many war hawks so many
military people and then you have Pompeo
coming in not exactly a man of great
tack okay in diplomacy and what we
really need now and I mean this for all
players because like my primary ish
issue is peace and having peace
settlements okay you're gonna need a lot
of finesse you're gonna need a lot of
patience and to date this administration
doesn't exhibit any of the above go
ahead Danny well I would just like to
bring you back to the moment when the
initial disagreement between the
Russians and Trump started and Trump
issued the tweet and the response of the
Russian Foreign Ministry was that we
don't we don't participate in Twitter
diplomacy now you can bring this back
here because because you the main
problem is the policy it's not just the
people you need finesse you need you
need that class of managing to find
agreement Obama managed to do it with
the Iranians for sure but but the
Americans don't have a policy that's the
problem
you've got Trump who's just discussing
leaving Syria and then within the next
couple of days he sets another red line
and then he begins to make threats of
attacking Syria after an alleged
chemical weapons attack which wasn't
verified internationally and he chose to
strike Syria on the same day that the UN
chemical weapons inspectors arrived
to investigate the scene so from that
perspective you've got a leader who's
acting in a very confusing way who's
misleading himself his administration
and his allies and who essentially
doesn't know what to do in Syria longer
than this week yeah so what
what Syria needs at the moment is an
international agreement to be reached
but is Trump the person to deliver that
agreement that consensus absolutely not
and if I was sat in Moscow's position
now I would be very wary of having to
negotiate or deal with Trump on any
matter not just Syria for that matter
because because because in Trump you're
dealing with an individual who is so
unpredictable who has such a lack of
understanding of the situation that all
you have to do is bring up his tweets
from 2013 ridiculing Obama for who
didn't act in Syria to understand that
the guys has completely gone against
every one of his statements I mean I
thought one of the commentators said you
know there's a Trump tweet for every
occasion so if you look at the situation
now I wish I've got I wish that weren't
funny but it is okay I shouldn't laugh
because it's such a situations of great
gravity here let me go to Gareth here
because you know both Mohammed and Danny
bring up really good points there I mean
next month I guess we're all going and
we're all anticipating it did it the
Trump's could have withdrawal from the
Iran deal okay and at the same time they
he wants to make a deal with the North
Koreans I mean and then the u.s. is
stubborn and actually it works as a
negative force in Syria but doesn't
allow a peace process to move forward
any time peace could possibly break out
in Syria well ash Carter comes around in
bombs okay or or just when a major city
is liberated from terrorists and
supported by foreigners oh we have a
chemical weapons attack here so I mean I
on every single scale there's no reason
to be optimistic here and one does
influence the other these situations are
interconnected
go ahead Gareth well of course they are
interconnected in the sense that the
North Koreans are constantly looking at
what the United States is doing
elsewhere in the world to assess you
know how to how to deal with them in
terms of
to negotiate a settlement which they've
been trying to do for three generations
of the Kim family and so that that is
entirely that's centrally important to
their to their calculations and and I
think that it's very important to
understand that that that Kim Kim
jong-un does indeed intend to bring
about a comprehensive solution with
Trump if it's at all possible and that
that this has happened primarily I would
argue because of president moon of South
Korea's patient diplomacy with the north
and with Trump and and clearly Trump a
moon has been very clever in appealing
to Trump's sense of vanity you know
making it possible for Trump to say I'm
the one who's made this possible and it
couldn't have happened without me as
long as the moon is able to carry on
that diplomacy with Trump I do have some
hope for these talks really succeeding
but of course we have John Bolton
whispering intro here I'm going to
convince him to do something different
and that is the fly in the ointment to
say the least but but definitely I think
that Trump is now moving in the
direction that is hopeful on peace with
North Korea and that is quite an
astonishing turn of events even more
astonishing I must say than Nixon going
to China yeah you know let me call it
back back to Mohammed one of the things
I think is very interesting I mean we
had the North Korean leader visit
Beijing recently we had Pompeo actually
by State Department designated meeting
with the leadership of North Korea I get
this strong feeling and I don't see
Western analysts looking at it this way
the trip to China wasn't begging it was
I've got an idea and do you back it and
I think it's going to be and this is
going to be the true test of leadership
is that denuclearization yes America
must withdraw its military completely
from the peninsula that is actually a
good idea with Chinese and Russian
guarantees okay
American deep state the blob will never
ever under any circumstances by that
deal though it would be a good deal go
ahead mom a month ago I was very
optimistic about the next summit between
Donald Trump and Kim Jong all and I
thought he would achieve a breakthrough
but having reflected on Trump as a
conflict analyst from my perspective I
am kind of confused because when I
consider him a pragmatist or realist he
is not good at waging wars and this is
the second attack on Syria and acid may
go back and use the chemical open once
again so there is no pragmatism in the
way Trump handles his decision of going
to war at the same time when I consider
him a deal maker I don't see him as an
innovative leader who can engage in deal
making so he is everything but being a
pragmatist so now my fear is that we
will witness a huge kind of a media
event that pivots around the ego of
Trump on the one hand and came on the
other and because of this ego inflated
ego politics we may not see or we may
not witness what we are looking for a
little major or a little significance in
advancing the agenda so I think now the
ball will go back to the court of the
Chinese I think if there is any balance
in power between core North Korea and
the United States is what region can do
otherwise if it is left to trump and
come I don't see okay I will risk and
I'm gonna finish with Danny and I'm
gonna give you a situation Danny you
know with with the situation with the
Iran deal with North Korea this is how
it's gonna be Trump comes out and says
we want a deal and sitting him right
next to him is John Bolton and he says
to the Iranian North Koreans all you
have to do is surrender and everything
will be fine okay that's how it's that's
how it's gonna play out okay 40 seconds
to Danny finish up it's more likely that
it will player that way but but in
essence what the fund
flaw in Trump's Syria action was which
will lead to huge problems now in the
future was setting a precedent and
saying that he was going to stick by it
because now any any any width of of an
idea that chemical weapons might have
been used and he will be on the immense
pressure internally to strike Syria
again and if he does attack Syria again
who knows the next time what kind of
response will be from the Russians from
the Iranians from the Syrians and you
got to remember there are US troops on
the ground in Syria who for the short
part apparently Saudi Arabian troops
were going to go in and now and replace
them so you've got this policy which is
up in the air but Trump has set a very
dangerous precedent now on Syria okay on
that point gentlemen we've run out of
time many thanks for my guests in
Washington London and in Doha and thanks
to our viewers for watching us here at
RT see you next time and remember
crosstalk rules
