LaRon has announced it's dumping the
dollar in favor of the euro for official
financial reporting
that'll make it the latest nation to
limit the use of US currency just last
year China set up a ruble yuan payment
system for transactions with Russia
Pakistan that announced plans to ditch
the greenback as well for its trade with
Beijing Tehran based economist I mean
most salient Chirag Liu thinks
these are moves in the right direction
is a good start that means that the
policymakers are moving towards you know
this could set up the infrastructure the
financial reporting infrastructure the
banking infrastructure to move towards
you our dealings of international
dealings in Europe which is a positive
step because in my opinion the more the
US dollar right now has the hegemony in
Coralville reserve currency as you know
about sixty three percent of global
reserve currency is in u.s. dollar so if
you want to move away from that hegemony
into a more on a multipolar or global
reserve currencies this is a positive
step that will double reduce US
influence in mingling in government's
economies such as Iran
