clashes with police have broken out on a
sixth day of mass anti-government
rallies in the Armenian capital Yerevan
demonstrators are angered that the
former president's bid to become prime
minister security in the city has been
tightened as thousands of demonstrators
tried to block King streets and reach
government buildings police from Sina
arresting protesters here the heaviest
clashes so far took place on Monday when
Horton people were injured around 80
people were also detained although some
of those have now been released Serge
Sargsyan stepped down as president this
month at the end of his term but
Parliament then approved his candidacy
for prime minister on Tuesday he is
already yes started to appoint the
Cabinet all of whom have kept their
posts from the previous term the
opposition claimed to Sargsyan is trying
to cling on to power
