Russia's ambassador to the United
Nations has lashed out of the UK over
his handling of the script Powell
poisoning case vasily knob eunsuh traded
accusations with the US and UK reps
during a highly-charged session after
Moscow was once again denied access to
the entire probe Russia has a proven
record of conducting state-sponsored
assassination including on the territory
of the United Kingdom they keep saying
Russia has a proven record of
assassinations proven by whom our
Western partners don't listen to us and
don't hear us they don't need facts the
United States agrees with the UK's
assessment that Russia is responsible
for the chemical weapons in Salisbury
whether that is in their direct act or
irresponsibly losing control of the
agent which could be worse the OPCW
report has nothing that would help
Britain to incriminate Russia what is
more important a OPCW has confirmed
another choke can be made in any
laboratory with the right equipment and
there are such laboratories in the US
and the UK the formula has been known
since 1998 if you look at Google patents
and search for nova chalk you can find
more than hundred matches in the US
alone more than a month on from the
scrap our poisoning and questions over
the source of the nerve agent used in
the attack remain unanswered the UK says
neither its military lab nor the global
chemical watchdog have been able to
identify the country that produced the
Agent Nadirah Tudor has more details
we've seen an awful lot of tit-for-tat
and actually the barrage of accusations
are coming from both camps now from the
Brits and the Russians now the OPCW held
a session behind closed doors at their
headquarters in The Hague it appears
that there was confirmation from the
British side that there was no
information about the source of that
chemical agent that was used in the
Salisbury attack that's how a quick
listen to what was said neither DST ELLs
analysis nor the opcw's report
identifies the country or laboratory of
origin of the agent used in this attack
there is no plausible alternate
of explanation for what happened in
Salisbury the Russian state
responsibility Russia has responded
because of those leaks and by releasing
a rather strong statement for the first
being and I'll read them to you that
Russia has answered all the questions
that they've been asked to by the UK
with regards to Salisbury and secondly
Russia provided proof that nava chalk
was produced and patented in the u.s. as
a chemical weapon back in 2015 Russia
will not accept any be it national
international results of any
investigation without access to full
information including materials from the
British probe without consular access to
our citizens and most importantly
without the obligatory participation of
Russian experts in all actions to
establish the truth in all that happened
in Salisbury on March the fourth so to
clarify the situation to date there is
no definitive independent evidence that
basically points to the fact that the
source came from Russia or indeed that
the Kremlin ordered that attack in
Salisbury and so from the Russian
perspective that this lack of evidence
as they see it is being widely ignored
by the wider community
former mi5 agent Andy Marshall says that
even though the UK's position has
weakened somewhat London is unlikely to
backtrack on its allegations against
Russia they've sort of backed themselves
into a corner now I can't see how they
can they can rescind what they've
already said because particularly not
only did they expel 23 Russian diplomats
virtually immediately before the OPCW
had even had a chance to examine this
so-called evidence but they encouraged a
lot of their NATO partners to do the
same thing so they can't afford
diplomatically to row back from this
position particularly a very vulnerable
diplomatic time for Britain with brexit
looming so I'm not quite sure what they
can do apart from to keep scapegoating
Russia but I suspect rather sadly this
is going to sort of languish in the
conspiracy theorist category for anyone
who questions this a very threadbare
official narrative that Britain has
pulled together
