these harrowing scenes panic fear terror
soaked trembling children screaming
adults and strange as it may seem many
of them had no idea about what was going
on we were in the basement my mother
told me that we had run out of food and
wouldn't have anything to eat until
tomorrow I heard noise outside
somebody was shouting that we had to go
to the hospital
so we went there when I came in some
people grabbed me started pouring water
all my head
eleven-year-old Hasan diab was one of
the apparent victims in the white
helmets video hehe is after being
drenched and sprayed he was found in
duma and interviewed by russian war
correspondent evgeny pas Dubnyk he's
fine if a little confused that's me in
the video that's me yes as were many
other kids any child would be terrified
ergo the panic which the white helmets
were there to film he was eventually
found though by his father who was none
the wiser nobody I didn't hear anything
about the chemical attack I was outside
but I didn't notice anything I heard
that my family was in the hospital it
does make sense a poisonous gas would be
invisible
you'd imagine everybody would want to
take precautions especially when you're
hungry and they give out food at the
hospital I went to the hospital walked
upstairs and found my wife and children
I asked them what had happened and they
said people outside was shouting about
some smell and told them to go to the
hospital at the hospital they gave dates
and cookies to the kids one of the
doctors who was reportedly on shift at
the time seemed surprised by the sudden
influx some people
to hear and watch people in water they
said chemical attack chemical attack we
didn't see any chemical chemical attack
symptoms here the doctor and others did
however say that some people came in
complaining about difficulty breathing
which is common when an explosion
destroys a building for example there's
a lot of dust makes it difficult to
breathe and especially affects people
with asthma people from the white
helmets told us about the use of
chemical weapons but we saw no sign of
that if chemical weapons were used
against those people our medical staff
would have also been affected we've sent
a request to the white helmets to
comment on this but received no answer
yet what we have seen is more and more
witnesses coming forward to say there
was only panic and no evidence of
chemicals we heard an explosion and
somebody said it was a chemical weapon
we ran to where the noise came from and
started pouring water over the people
but they seemed to be okay and then
walked away without any help people got
so confused somebody started pouring
water over people's heads saying there
had been a chemical attack I was at the
spots with my wife and daughter but none
of us experienced any symptoms of
chemical poisoning it's remarkable how
these scenes convinced three countries
to launch cruise missiles at Syria
especially remarkable when you realize
that so many of the people here had no
idea about what was going on only that
someone shouted about chemicals
