a syncytium southwestern stratum Godwin
parrot Ritsuko tyranny the lickable
partisan manifest oppressor Guinea
crisis cage rather crimes compost
reserve any average skill over stay put
the problem
Yesha grigorij Alexandrovitch yoginah
Couture is a sample show this way
through digital the risky food in
selenium nearest oil it's very haute
Emmerich national trade so may
periosteum Mitchell I am the graphical
ministry Nastran Angeles is cafeteras a
Sergey Lavrov on what sattva play live
mostly estates of Tricia
whoever arises Kay mission British
Cruiser Sergey Lavrov was a space
pozzolana comedian secret real moon
 expand a mystery
widget complex NARAS motrin applause
initial series come irregular many
perspective tomislav context the
pathless tea aggressiveness access he
just run cattle pretty early but they
would miss upon their prey at the
approach of damask upon your noble
especially on each turn straw Aprilia
motion on 0 will visit sergey lavrov
kick i Mathilde by which to dwarfs which
to help relieve bikini minister and a
strongly RSS graffiti ROTC Sergey Lavrov
premature chest arrested any survey the
Ministry of honest Romania because
version of Shanghai's carbon is assess a
true image stone pentia got orchestra
jewelers generous consider at VGC Ottawa
Union garage sundown khatai - trap
Sujatha proceed anaphoras vajayjays
nestor shows today's sermon in Ipoh
actual name balum original on problemo
the palace near piazza della rose of
linear una historia de Buci Street
 Tresor Nevada professional the
panini graphic administra you must put
him in for Mara which for Miriah is mini
still meta desert like a purified they
are commercial retreats own rubric
assertion is neural machinery sis
cognition in political here at all BOM
Retiro is brushed or cry language am and
a brief in this envelope we received
this letter in a traditional way it's a
letter from Germany I would like to
quote it sorry I could not help myself
but do this because that's not a
non-lead ledger that we receive we have
hundreds of them from lower the world
you know email there are many ways to
check it but this is the letter that we
received in traditional way heading
apology mr. Lavrov I am sorry for the
violent attitude of my country Germany
and other countries I think that this is
it is not dishonorable thing we continue
your policy I wish you all the success
wishes I am a German I'm a Catholic
I'm 54 years old with all the best
so this is quite a story so now let's
talk about the situation in Syria at the
heart of the Syrian situation and round
it is
the naked aggression of the United
States and their allies Great Britain
and France on the 14th of a pro they
conducted massive missile strikes from
the Syrian territory
I would like to dwell on it because the
relevant assessment to this blatant
violation of the UN Charter and
fundamental principles of international
law this election that was conducted
under a false pretext which is the use
by government forces of Syria of
chemical weapons in Duma this violations
were given by the Russian President
Vladimir Putin and the Russian Foreign
Ministry or the night of the 17th of
April media reported about another
attack which is Sherratt a base bombing
but the Syrian side soon declared that
this was a false attack and there was no
strikes but there were negative
consequences that were immediate we
found confirmation that our suggestions
were true that Western troika wanted to
give the chance to radicals and
extremists to take a breath
and to recover themselves and also to
prolong massacre on the Syrian soil and
to complicate the process of political
resolution of conflict in Duma we see
the activation of hotline fighters they
attacked the UN security team which was
assessing the situation and was devising
the plans for the visit of OPCW experts
to the place of the alleged chemical
attacks extremists fear that there are
OPCW experts on the ground on the East
kalamoon where the City Council of the
mayor's City declared about the decision
of local illegal armed groups to disarm
and to return to the fold of the stage
but those hardline fighters some of them
they continue to attack Syrian I mean
they use multiple rocket launchers well
so registered the clashes in al-hasakah
governor eight clashes between the
syrian democratic forces and the islamic
state we also see the tense situation on
the western bank of the Euphrates River
in the azure province we have also
noticed increased versa factions
conducted by eius fighters against all
may positions between Al mayadeen in Abu
Kamal but we still see that the peaceful
life is restoring in Syria particularly
scooter on the 17th of April
more than 400 civilians returned to
their homes we see that dish Allisyn
fighters are finishing their exit from
the city of Dumas in the beginning of
April more than 12,000 people
particularly fighters and members of
their families were evacuated to the
north of Syria clandestine laboratory
for the production of chemical agents
like sulphur and mastered so sulfur and
nitrogen masters were actually found out
they're not so 1.5 tons of explosives
250 mines and 25 kilograms of TNT on the
17th of that Pro Jaysh al-islam fighters
started laying their arms they will go
to the northern part of the Aleppo
Governorate
so I would like to statements made on
the 58th session of OPCW as you know on
the 16th of April the Russian delegation
made statements several days ago the
organization white helmets talked about
the
organization of chemical attacks there
were a lot of fake stories spread in the
social media they showed videos about
the situation and place but we can
confirm the place where it happened but
some posts in social media we're talking
about the place and circumstances but
this materials are fake our
representatives examined this materials
and they presented evidence montage and
the fact that all these materials were
staged children were made to look like
they were dad on that footage you know
we see here and a mix for all the
materials that were quickly prepared and
we see the lack of understanding of what
people on this materials talking about
so we show families who were who looked
dead on all that footage from one of the
videos a boy in striped sweater is
laying on the floor on the other scene
we see that he's in another room on
another video we see a girl with red
sweater we also see this girl in another
scene in another room and we see also
corpses of corpses of dead bodies
surrounding her so once again this is
all staged so we see we have a question
for everyone how this children can be
moving in different rooms
why all this manipulations I used
because the main goal of this videos was
to confirm that the chemical attack took
place
maybe the sweaters were shot in order to
spread a large number of footage
they decided too quick to to act quickly
they didn't think properly they wanted
only to convince their audience to show
the emotional aspect of the situation
and to divert them from the factual
information the same to the same methods
were used in handshake hoon remember a
small girl whose image was used in
various videos in various places in one
of the video the NGO was shown that on
the other video she was alive
so we alarmed by the fact that all this
fake materials are spreaded by known
Western media resources I'm talking
about God and euronews they posted this
videos particularly they showed medical
assistance where people just provide
medical assistance to children with
their hands and we see people on the
background eating food so we understand
that this is a stage material there is
no real questions that are posed to
directors how even they are doing that
well how dare they are doing it and
after all this materials were sober so
that our Western partners formed
Damascus in Syria it's even difficult to
imagine that on the liberated areas of
Syria we have found out stockpiles of
chlorine and also mines who were made in
Solsbury please pay attention so
everyone knows where Solebury is at the
moment it's been difficult to provide
comments about that because this
situation undermines credit to States
not not States but to political figures
who take this decision
I like like also to pay attention to the
fact that in January 2013 the British
newspaper Daily Mail published an
article which revealed information about
the decision of White House to carry out
a chemical attack on Syria and to lay
the blame on Bashar al-assad in order to
conduct military operations in Syria
Russia and Syria announced to all their
materials about the fact that fighters
had chemical attacks about the fact that
stockpiles of chemical agents were found
on their territories liberated from
territories all the relevant information
will be provided to the OPCW but
unfortunately the another fact is
ignored by the Western mainstream media
they are doing everything to ignore it
it's a beautiful tecna's really because
and now let's talk about evidence base
of chemical attacks that were carried
out by the Syrian government as they say
in Duma you know the West has accused
theory and authorities of conducting
chemical attack against civilian
population and do more on this 7th of
April and the first evidence that they
may they say that they have all the
necessary materials that could be
interpreted as a crime of the syrian of
authorities so the footage itself
they've fake production from white
helmets was and now a gig has given
enough enough reasons to contact bombing
of Syria we said
but as we have said there are more and
more evidence of the fact that chemical
attacks conducted by Syrian authorities
as they say there was no chemical attack
OPCW experts are starting their work
they say that this was a staged
provocation I need to repeat that the
Ministry of Defense has published a
video of two medical experts who said
that all the people who went to hospital
didn't have any signs of chemical
poisoning the Russian journalists
particularly yevgeniy Padukone and
alexander kots they managed to speak
with a Syrian boy who was used in this
stage footage just please look at the
screens why not going to show the full
video I just want to give a quotation we
were in a basement says Hassan jab you
see on the slide on the photograph we
see you see the boy Hassan Jabbar
in the video we see you also see another
photo below with this boy with his
father and Evgeny per Dubnyk we were in
a basement
my mother said we have nothing to eat we
are going to eat tomorrow then we heard
shouts go to the hospital we went to the
hospital when I entered I was captured
and they started pouring me with water
and after that I was laying with other
children on the floor so in the report
this is the report that was provided by
yevgeny PO Dube nee this were the words
of the boy his father was at work and
his father third
he had to go to the hospital as he found
out about the new souls there was no
chemical weapons I didn't feel anything
on the street I went to the hospital I
saw all my family so fighters gave us
some rice cookies and other food my boys
doing fine our journalists were also
they managed to speak to the medical
personnel if they didn't found any
victim of a chemical attack they didn't
receive any victim on the 7th of April
yes with so people who were pouring
themselves with water but who didn't
detect any symptoms several buildings
were in fire they were destroyed and
because of all this always facts people
had to go to the hospital and some
people started crying out chemical
attack chemical attack so everyone
started pouring the SAMS with water so
this this is all the evidence provided
by a medical professional i it's it
seems to me that quite soon who will get
all the truth about that situation a lot
depends on the OPCW mission and it
depends on you dear journalists but
unfortunately in order to punish the
Syrian authorities they took the
decision and fortune places decision has
already been taken the decision has
already been implemented and another
slide please
and this is the story of 2016 above you
see a part of the video ms Amanpour
she's a political observer of CNN what
is she holding on her hands she is
holding a photo of another Syrian boy do
you remember his name
I remember
his name is Imran at that time miss
Arvind poor took to the interview with
Sergey Lavrov in order to he's Syrian
forces and Russian forces she accused
them of conducting atrocities against
Syrian children so several months has
passed and our journalists found that
boy you remember his dead body sitting
in a chair that photo that circulated
all over the globe so we found that boy
and his father said that was a fake
story that was a manipulation of a
public conscious boy wasn't a victim of
the russian air force strikes of the
Russian Air Force's the boy was a victim
of extremists who were loading in that
area it's repetitive this fake continues
to circulate the same person miss
Amanpour every evening she is
broadcasting an scene and you know how
many letters were sent in order to get
some explanations or apologies from
missing Amanpour because she used the
interview was tell you Lavrov where she
showed that photograph noted to
manipulate the world several days ago I
received an invitation from Miss Evan
Amanpour to visit that show no thanks
miss Amanpour I'm not visiting shows
like that I'm not visiting your program
until you make an apology because you
are as a journalist you are as a person
who's being quoted by political figures
I'm not going to visit your program
until you find strength within yourself
to apologize for your manipulations it
seems strange to me that you didn't
receive any information about that
we sent so many letters about that and
your CNN office in Russia uh third our
requests and it's a question whether we
received two answers from CNN in general
or seen an office in Russia so at that
time when they used the photo of Imran
and 2016 it would be correct to show the
photo of Hasan the author the previous
photo that you saw for example you could
show it to David Cameron David Cameron
who gave an interview to Miss Amanpour
yesterday and she could she could show
that photograph and say what's your
attitude towards their manipulations
when white helmets use this boy when
these manipulations are used in order to
provoke countries to conduct airstrikes
against the Syrian government I would
like to see the reaction of the former
Prime Minister but I think he would find
his words they always know what to say
one more thing
somebody has to become the main figure
the UN so I think it is that very guy
Hassan as well as his parents and they
have to tell at the Security Council
what are the white helmets how they make
their fakes and I believe that Hassan's
family will find words and questions to
the Security Council and I also noted
today that Hassan's family made an hour
meant today that they are ready to talk
to any international structures about
what happened both in duma and with
their family what do you think if
Hassan's family would like to go to New
York would they get an opportunity to
get American visa we want to believe
that this question will not become a
rhetoric question
thank you for slides as you remember
another proof that was one of the
foundations to justify strikes in Duma
was a report by public published by
French authorities on the use of
chemical weapon continuing the story
with fake news and materials would like
to share with you another urgent
response on the announcement made by
French security services this is about
the information from them and it was the
report the trace a lot of questions from
global community and from the French
population and even those who gave some
kind of evaluations on the issue they
said they had to recognize the fact of
fake proofs and indirect evidences that
are based on the materials from social
networks that we have just seen
we cannot justify the credibility of
those materials and the truth is that
they all are fake on April the 16th the
representatives of the opposition
movement and the statements noted the
concerns that in Duma the government
forces used chemical weapon they express
their development with strikes on Syria
before OPCW work has been finalized and
there was a question rightful question
why'd the use of chlorine didn't affect
environment everyone asked this question
now and representatives of the political
elites in France for example are also
asking this question why there is no one
who is poisoned with this chemical
weapon maybe it was not strong enough
because there were no Arsenal's there
the the relative disputes among the
audience involved in Syrian issues and
comparing the reports a French report
with OPCW reports of 23rd of March mr.
Bhushan notes that in OPCW report it was
and said that the analysis of the
samples made on 22nd of November in 2017
in John Raya didn't didn't identify any
prohibited substances and no substances
prohibited by a be CWM and he also said
that there is no way to restore the
chemical production in such a short time
that is why the bombing of Bursa is
and just a justification of the actions
of those who wanted to commit it the
center of investigation and research in
bars and jam Brian the Arsenal's were
declared just later and there is a
question of why I will receive this
information about the November of 2017
this is just the beginning and we have
old grounds to believe that the number
of skeptics and those who will speculate
on this issue will rise we just get
other materials that will cover all
other news that were used as
justification finalizing the issue of
Syria I would like to answer the
question that was asked during our
previous briefing this is about regional
agenda and to talk about the situation
in Libya as I was asked last time I was
asked about the health of the head of
Libyan national Libyan National Army
Holly firfer and possible implications
for political situation in this country
we were asked to provide our evaluation
we are carefully following the situation
during last week from the moment we'll
receive the first news about
hospitalization we received
controversial information about his
health
nevertheless the concerns expressed in
media regarding his critical conditions
did not confirm according to our
contacts in eastern Libya including LNA
that was just an exaggeration all the
news were received and the forecasts
related to it
didn't realize to everything which is
going on in Libya is complicated the
situation remained complicated and the
mediation of the UN on restoring
full-fledged national dialogue and
political processes on stalemates
there is no way to find the way to reach
some results on the agenda and it all is
complete it complicates the
implementation of the road map prepared
by the Secretary General's special
representative on Libya Salima it was
foreseen to convene in 2018 National
Conference on elaboration of
constitutional and institutional reform
to hold presidential and parliamentary
elections we're sure that there is no
alternative to the negotiation process
and we confirm our position libyan has
to continue dialogue in an open way
searching for compromises and only thus
they will manage to find the solution to
restore the unity of the state
considering the interests of all
political forces of tribes and religious
groups in order to find reach a
sustainable development of this country
we hope that defiant forces to overcome
all these disagreements in the framework
of Sirach political agreement only
Libyans themselves are the most
interested in overcoming these difficult
situations from the beginning of the
crisis in Libya we provided energetic
efforts to establish a wide dialogue in
Libya to put an end of civil discord in
this country and we hope together with
our regional and international partners
together with all stakeholders in Libya
to help
mr. Solomon and his activity in order to
find the needed result he's needed
solution another complicated issue
incident in Salisbury few aspects I
would like to touch upon today first of
all I would like to say that as you know
on April 18 at the initiative of Great
Britain he was convened an extraordinary
session of the Executive Council of OPCW
its purpose I would like to remind that
it was a private meeting and they
discussed a closed classified report
prepared by OPCW experts those who
visited Great Britain to provide
technical assistance in investigation of
the incident in Salisbury we also would
like to share our opinion but the
situation is so complicated and the
accusations are so absurd that we
consider it's necessary to share with
your only information we have the
general director of technical
Secretariat of OPCW said that these are
found in samples have nothing to do with
scruples case the head of the laboratory
in the Netherlands also said that the
broker so busy was identified in the
samples but attention it was specially
added to the samples - I was W experts
to confirm their credibility of the
credibility of the laboratory so the
case of global global resonance needs
the confirmation of the credibility
through such and act like adding
additional substances to the samples it
was also
noted that is standard practice Russian
delegation expressed itself against this
approach incident in Salisbury is an
exceptional case that had to create
international implications and there
were a lot of questions which are sharp
questions on this issue as you know that
the crime was committed against two
Russian citizens the British still
refused to provide the facts not just
evidences but any materials any
information on this case and on the
investigation process only and they
continue to insist on an absolutely
absurd version that Russia allegedly
used chemical weapon on the territory of
Great Britain at the same time London
continued to use the only argument that
it has that is well-known argument and
it has become a proverb in Russia which
is highly likely no nevertheless the
process is ongoing the analysis of the
samples is ongoing it have been done in
the certified laboratories of the pcw
that have confirmed repeatedly their
qualification so they the test in case
of scrip house taking into account all
difficulty of the situation so it all
experience weird and Technical
Secretariat of OPCW didn't explain
basing on what normative documents the
organization decided to choose this
approach disregards the list of
questions from Russia is getting bigger
it is also said that
Tory had only one task to check whether
the medical samples had nerve agent that
was identified by Great Britain so the
answer could be only yes
no searching other poisoning substances
was not that task
isn't that interesting the report also
says that the tests of Helias cripple
blood and blood tests and i would like
to repeat it to avoid for the attempts
to manipulate our words we proceed from
the effects from the information that is
available for public and if we say blood
tests we have no fuel a script that we
have no confirmation that it was her
blood test we only use the data which is
a repeat again which is available for
public use the report says that the
biomechanical analysis of blood of
Julia's cripple was found a substance
which was unchanged and taken into
account that two weak spots and all
substances that get into the human body
immediately facing some decomposition
which is logical and normal while this
didn't happen this time
nobody knows its mystery in any case our
experts will need time to familiarize
themselves in details with the report to
make their outcomes and at the moment
what is clear and what we can say is
that that taking into account this weird
situation we have to obtain all nurses
are all available information not just
some extracts from the report
or some twits supporting this
information we spoke about this to
Technical Secretariat of OPCW and to the
prisons and we hope our questions will
be answered I would like to stress again
that Russia it still ready to
constructive dialogue was Great Britain
to clarify this complicated and now very
very complicated issue we are ready to
cooperate in any legal international
frameworks and we consistently recommend
London not to be quick was eliminating
the evidences and now I ask you to get
ready mr. Bristo during briefing for
diplomatic corps devoted to the
publication of OPCW report said that
Russia has something to do with the
whole range of killings on state by
state order including at the territory
of Great Britain it is not the face the
first statements from the official
person of Great Britain with clear
anti-russian mindset but thing is not
just ethical norms let's talk about
other things maybe British ambassador is
not really aware of his only history the
history of his own country and
implications and involvement of his
country and other processes in other
countries I do not think that mr. Bristo
can be blamed or may be blamed
for lack of justice maybe it's true that
he doesn't know he the history of his
country
and it is a question some andrewchuk
the British writer Indian ology once
said that the Britain with the
misfortune of Britons is that they do
not know the history because all the
events happened out of their border and
the insular position that was the basis
of the Imperial status became the reason
why they were so far apart from all the
aspects related to the story and I think
it's high time when from this very
Tribune we can feel this cognitive
vacuum and go deep into the history of
cred Britain its international activity
with all implications let's talk about
state orders about the whole number of
destinations and about Renault mayor of
the state so new history Great Britain
which is not very often reminded was one
of the hardest countries in tweeting its
colonies the journalist writer of our
hitch
in Guardian on November 22 2017 wrote
that from the moment of Norman on the
contest in twelfth century the English
became to perceive themselves as new
Roman city and their destiny was to
become new missionaries and to bring
civilization to other tribes but at the
same time they get the rights to use
resources land and labour on this
territories that they made happy and
Britain's everything is based on
published materials the British evaluate
the creation of with the British in
Paris
their mobile achievement against the
context against the backdrop of the
whole story very important factors
disappear and today we are going to
discuss the details introduction of
concentration camps during the war the
Boer War and the elimination of the
states on the space from Ashanti in
Africa to Beijing in China
bloody killings made by British Army in
Ireland Bengal exploitation of resources
so in 1930 American historian will do
runt wrote a book about these the
history of this country and he quotes
really the more I read the more
indignation and the surprised I feel for
the deliberate and evident torture
tortures Alfa injured by England for 150
years and I feel that I come across the
most horrible crime in the world history
this is also found this is felt in the
South Asia subcontinent in when in 1947
this continent was a divided in two
parts the member of the Parliament of
the former deputy of the assistant to
the Secretary General Tarun
which is respected all over the world
said that the British authorities are
suffering from a loss of the memory for
of the year imperial atrocities
delivering speech on the 22nd of July 19
2015 he said that this year of India in
the world economy or when Britain came
out to its shores was 23% and when
Britain left it was decreased to you or
to 4% so as poor economy why just
because India was a county in the
interests of our Great Britain and this
was also done by the pillage of the
country this Industrial Revolution was
carried out by D inst realizing India
and Britain provoked hunger in India and
when about fifteen to twenty nine
million people were killed died and the
most famous of such events of such
periods was in that van gaal when four
million people died the Prime Minister
of India mr. Modi on the 24th of July
he said that the things said by haroon
were in line with the aspirations of the
Indian citizens and the book titled
infamous he and Empire which was
published last year was also expressing
the point of mr. tyroon he said that
Prime Minister of children was one of
our the cruelest the cruelest dictators
of the twenty twentieth century and in a
conversation with the minister on the on
India and Burma emery said that I hate
India's they are basically people with a
beastly religion
our Russian painter myself very shocking
has a special painting called the
devilish wind it is not something that I
wanted to cite only for today was a
painting about the execution when the
sentence was put into a muzzle of a
cannon and then he was shot this
barbaric execution was not aimed at
physical annihilation or intimidation
the British authorities had many means
of torture and execution and this
variant does sound a regional and it
sounds actually not very cost effective
and but for Indians this is unacceptable
this kind of execution because the year
bodies were - on import and these the
bearing contradicts the traditions of
Indians another episode on the 13th of
April 1919 today for my sake the quality
of the crops and new year are 50 our
soldiers under the command of our
general original admire without any
announcement they opened fire against
civilians in the park of agilely
involved in the center of the city it is
not a question about some actually what
is actually about the direct orders of
our the British authorities more than
1000 people were injured and about 400
were killed of the Indian a National
Council declared about 1000 - killed and
500 injured and many people became
victims in the same way the British
authorities also did crazy at all on
Africa and 13 million people were taken
from the continent as slaves when the
Ambassador the British ambassador speaks
about our country he should be familiar
with his own history and the number of
killed was a 3/4 times higher than the
number of others moved to other
countries and the general number of the
victims reached 50 52 million people it
is known it is worth noting that the
famous philosopher John Locke tried to
to the Constitution offer the safe
owning state of the USA and invested all
his savings in these matter one of I
said that during the anglo-boer war
there were concentration camps are used
for the people that was affected in the
sympathies to the rebels and the afonso
were burned the livestock are the crops
that were destroyed
children and women were separated from
men this was before the start of the
Second World War men were sent to
distant places of detention where they
were situated in other British colonies
in India and Ceylon so long when the
general public got to knew about this
invention the chief of staff of the
British Air Force's Kitchener this was
his invention and it was explained that
the reason was to ensure the security of
the civil population of other Boer
Republic's and the
times were named in the places
observations and it is the same thing
that happens with the white helmets to
find a terrorist and some militants and
call them out white helmets and then to
engage them to involve them and
provocations through mobile phones and
then to presented as a proof for the
need to save the local population many
years have passed but nothing has
changed the prisoners became known as
the guests of the British government
this is an outrage and the white
population of their board public's were
detained and about 30,000 people were
killed were died from diseases and
hunger starting from 1930s up to up to
1948 the British kamsa were functioning
in Cyprus and the Palestine there were
also many executions there another topic
that is another darker page in the
British history it is it concerns the as
a Special Air Service special units of
the British Armed Forces which were used
in a through 30 local conflicts in Kenya
and other South African countries and
all 50 former servicemen officers were
members about the religion enrichment
work that were to play a role in the
collusion that was developed in the
period of the transfer of power for the
original population in a Rhodesia you
know that this is the country that is on
the top ranking in this in a in a Latian
elimination policy according to the
orders about nineteen ninety percent of
the original population was of Australia
was
eliminated during colonization and these
local population where was killed and
they were subjected to experiments and
such diseases as smallpox who were
brought there the armed conflict between
the British colonists and the local
population of this mania which was
called black war at the beginning of the
19th century led to massive killing of
Tasmania and some British historians say
that it was genocide and I would repeat
once again that these are not always
meant anguish the colonists were
permitted to kill his minions and they
were provided with a compensation for
everyone for a person killed this is a
thing about the renomii
of this country they were poisoned by
special substances they weren't made
what you need to go to the desert and
they were stopped in 1870s from the
commission of the British authorities
there was a genocide out for a Zulu
population and also the genocide of the
population of Kokua in Kenya the local
population killed 32 white three hundred
three hundred thousand representatives
population of Cocoon and these events
were described in a book by Caroline
Elkins
the untold history of for the English
gulag in Kenya and it also concerns the
former President of the USA Barack Obama
as you read read he was tortured during
these events in Kenya we should also
remind ourselves about the famous opium
wars and London was poisoning Chinese
citizens by opium and other drugs and it
was a source of for a major profit for
this country it was also a strategic
purpose the decay of of the Chinese army
and the people trying to state the
country the Chinese emperor in 1938 such
as a mass operation to confiscate and
destroy the reserves of opium in the
Canton and this is was a starter for the
opium wars China it was defeated and
harder to take the onerous terms of the
Englishman when until China is a nation
of drug addicts we should not fear that
this country will be will become a
serious military power this was a
statement by the British ambassador
British councilor he was his name was
Jeff Hearst was delivering his speech at
the meeting now for the Royal Commission
on up here only 1905 of the authorities
of China started their campaign against
opium this is it also there is also an
example from the modern history it was
when London was speaking forward the
Human Rights
calling itself a stronghold of democracy
we didn't pose a question about India
and suffering it was it is common sense
the citizens are for the Middle East
they are also they will also affect it
Great Britain that was trying to
maintain its influence in the region
taken some steps that initiated such an
interruption between Arabs and Jews and
we maybe not not go will not go into
details historic details but we can just
open the map and see the borders that
were established when the borders were
not thought about they were not thinking
that these borders meant the lives of
the people they were only straight lines
so the tribes and communities
ethnicities were divided as a result of
these conduct the implications are still
present in the Middle East but Great
Britain is still active in this respect
another fact according to the lexical
classified documents of the National
Archives of Great Britain the English
authorities used chemical weapons to
suppress the rebellion of the Arabs in
Mesopotamia this is the territory of
current Iraq it was the innerspring 1920
been a minister of military Minister of
the English government Churchill said
that he supported the use of gas against
uncivilized tribes in the archives and
they noted air to Churchill used our
thousands of our projectiles with
mustard gas and according to many
sources about 6 to 10 thousand people
were killed in Iraq at that time the
scale of all the region may be for
London it is not substantial Greeks were
also affected by this policy
spring 1944 a mutiny started in are they
a Greek army in Egypt and this was that
mutiny created prerequisite and for the
confrontation and became a start about
the British intervention to Greece in
December 1944 in Libya Egypt Sudan and
Eritrea there were massive introduction
of concentration camps and in 1960s 70s
the British authorities moved 1,500 a
local are people from of the islands of
Chavez and the local population was
presented in the end as contract
contracted workers and the reason was to
establish a military base there the
whole surgery about the island was
declared the one life sanctuary and the
calyx announced an information that the
British government had supported the
project because that was a safeguard for
the deported Island residents and not to
return to the island and all this
operation was called sham justice maybe
to call it a camp of justice another
example from the most recent history the
special services of the military forces
of Great Britain falsified the reports
on the crimes perpetrated in Afghanistan
in 2010 2013 the Afghan civilians
that were viewed as a potential
militants of Taliban were killed but not
detained during the raids and these
crimes were until the investigation were
named operation not and all the
documents that were falsified to shift
the blame for the Afghan army so the
investigator had the images taken from
the drones that were named to kill TV
footages and images and it is clearly
visible that the Afghans when came under
fire for the British military but not to
the Afghan colleagues on the second
outfit July 2017 the minister of defense
of our Great Britain tried to conceal
these crimes because of the publication
of the details could damage the national
security and the public trust and the
work without the airlocks and the
defense ministry called out the evidence
of a mass killings reliable and very
serious and also fraught with
catastrophic implications for the
government there were no allegations
because the British authorities has
something to distract your attention
times the 19th of November 2017 Sunday
Times publishes about materials about
the killings of CAS they were the
details about the fact that in 2012 in
the operations in village Rahim in the
region in Suraj sa asked members killed
three civilians who had nothing to do
with the Taliban movement now let's talk
about Iraq from the open resource
information during the abuses conducted
by the British
military in Iraq from 24 2003 to to 2011
there were 326 criminal cases taken
against British military so you know we
can talk a lot about it we can dwell on
about it for a long time because this is
not a strategy we see investigations
going on but the fact that this the fact
that that this investigations are
started and people are punished but
first the British government who
sanctioned everything never is punished
and most importantly nothing has changed
in their strategy it's repetitive every
year every century there was another
episode which was quite scandalous
it happened in Basra 2003 in response to
the shooting of two British snipers
British soldiers they detained several
Iraqi civilians two of them they were
accused of killings however the highest
tribunal of roc cancelled these
accusations in order to minimize the
number of accusations against Ritesh
soldiers in October 2016 and the annual
meeting of the Conservative Party in
Birmingham the British government has
published a plan to withdraw British
soldiers from the European Convention on
Human Rights this was the action taken
by the British government now let's talk
about spy operations and pinpoint
subversive actions
for a long time British British
representatives always like this secret
pinpoint subversive actions against
certain people in order to gain their
own political advantage the this hobby
is represented in their collection of
films about James Bond for example it
seems funny if you don't know the fact
that mr. Fleming worked with archived
documents and all their 0:07
agents have their own prototypes for
those who are not so interested in
history those who think that the
previous part is quite boring and
archived materials have different
interpretations and require additional
verification there is a special light
version about the crimes that is this is
a collection of crimes that was written
by mr. Fleming I think that one series
is a great example that shows the loss
of the British the world such activities
in Fleming died in 1964 but his legacy
is living on and it's driving we witness
new films everyone are getting used to
superheroes actors are changing
decorations and backgrounds are changing
but that is the same the British agent
who is serving the kingdom received a
license for a killing that's not a
made-up story that's the work that we
conducted with the archive materials
everything that we see in the Bond
series that's going on
covertly everything that's organized by
me five and mistakes
thanks to bond serious people you about
license for for assassination that's a
document that gives an approval to a
person to a secret agent about the need
to kill a person in order to achieve a
certain goal after completing a task the
agent goes back to the base we seen it
we saw it already but unfortunately in
the real life everything is doesn't look
so beautiful mr. Fleming did a great
thing
he took the essence of the situation and
embellished it and at some beautiful
details now let's go back to realia
really real life the next historic facts
that these are real facts some of them
were have some of them have evidence
some of them some of them are series but
seems like they really happened several
months ago we didn't always used
materials who could be it could look
like a series but after to resume used
highly likely phrase to accuse Russia of
such a serious crime why shouldn't we
use that so now let's talk about the
participation of the British authorities
in the assassination of grigori rasputin
Michael Schmitt in his book mi6 the
history of The Secret Service wrote that
during the first
world war resistance in Petrograd found
that they were trying to reach peace
with Germany us hold Rainer was sent to
respite in order to find all the
necessary information and if necessary
to eliminate him that's not our
quotation you can find it in Michael
Smith's book they it's written in the
book but nothing was said in the
official evidence of his killers Webley
455 was used in the killings and
according to memoirs of his securing
special another another weapon other
weapons were used it's necessary to say
that there is a letter to the officer of
the British reconnaisance John scale
from the 24th December 1916 I quoted
once again it's a letter it's in fact it
was not going could it wasn't going to
going according to plan
Rainer is doing his best to hide the
evidence and he will contact with you so
some historians think that they're
talking about Rasputin BBC also show the
film who killed Rasputin and according
to British journalists its Great Britain
who is in charge and Russians were just
in doing doing everything according to
the plans the same theory was about the
assassination of Pavel the first so
historians let's go back to them now
we're talking about another issue since
it has to do with what we're talking
about today so they're talking about
book hotspot that was implemented in
1918 British diplomatic representatives
and also French diplomats and the US
diplomats they famous Western troika
we're having a plan so ambassadors of
France and the United States took part
in that I'm talking about the US
ambassador Frances Loker tried to bribe
with three nyun snipers you know the
story
they should have Ruthenians should be
sent to Vologda where they will unite
with the British and US forces and so
that after that they will go further so
that's just a short story you can find
it and to read everything so it then
there was an information found about the
fact that the British recognizance mi6
was or was the main organization of an
assassination so we're going to another
part of the world of the first
magnetically elected prime minister of
Congo Patrice Patrice Lumumba member of
the chamber of loads of the Labour Party
said that Montmartre Square Park in
months before her death that in March
2010 that she organized the
assassination of Patrice Lumumba she was
fearing that this new democratic state
will forge an alliance with the Soviet
Union in her in from the 1959 to 1961
Park worked as a consular officer of
Great Britain she also worked as the
first secretary
in the capital of Congo she worked in
Kinshasa lordly Road I mentioned about
that fuss that was a result of the
assassination of mr. Lumumba and then
also remembered about the theory that
mi6 was involved in it yes we done we
did that I organized that that's what
Park said we didn't make up that so
bearing in mind their hobby to intervene
into domestic affairs of other states
and to exert influence to the political
regimes it's still there
we can remember that the British
security services took part in 1953 and
they organized coup d'etat in Iran in
the beginning of the 20th century the
oil industry over on was controlled by
the British capital they took part the
large majority of national oil income
this situation provoked social and
political tensions in Iran and it was
intensified in the end of the forties in
the beginning of the 50s so in the nine
in 1951 Muhammad mistake was has become
minister of Iran so he decided he
decided to become independent from Great
Britain and that sphere he wanted to
liquidate of foreign monopoly a monopoly
in Iran so the major the the main symbol
of the independent policy of mistake was
the movement towards the nationalized
iron oil whose income were spread this
in proportionally to one of the British
companies which is the British Petroleum
they were the major actioner who's made
stocks were in the British government so
Great Britain didn't support their they
boycotted Iran and they created crisis
you know I think that there are British
diplomats who work in Moscow they're
listening to this and they're writing
all this down because you know really I
did my best to fire up all this
materials I have a question for you I am
proud of yourselves of your history if
you are proud then you should make a
choice either you are advocating for
human rights and international law
democracy or your being proud of
everything you did and you're continuing
to do so I continue in August 1953 the
secret recognizance service of Great
Britain conducted an operation together
with the u.s. CIA service they conduct
an operation
aiex nodded to oust the government of
Mossad ake so they formed a new
government in Iran who signed a new
agreement which provided for the
establishment of consortium of US and
British companies who received all the
the major parts of oil incomes of Iran
and had they had run to develop for oil
fields in that country so once again we
should proceed we proceed from a range
of facts historic facts some of this
facts generate questions about the
British policy in the world particularly
the the mystery with flight of Rudolf
gasser to Great Britain in the lead-up
of the German invasion of the Soviet
Union there are some facts for which
some countries have moral responsibility
but all these documents
about this case were classified by the
British security services and the on
uric trials guests a tried to reveal his
secret but the English prosecutor
stopped the meeting mr. Gaza in the
during the polls was visited by British
security services so after that he
pretended that he was losing his memory
after that he was transferred to Spandau
International Jail where he died
and we still don't know what happened
why he died he died in three months in
advance before his liberation it should
have happened it should have happened in
1987 all the materials are classified we
see it seems like we have all the facts
but all the but all the circumstances
are classified in the fifth book of the
history of the russian external
recognition there is another interesting
episode of the Second World War knock
tober 1998 there was a joint plan of the
attack of British and Americans against
the Soviet Union this plan was
Declassified 10 German divisions and 47
divisions of the US and Great Britain
should attack the Soviet Union the
codename of the plan was unimaginable
operation and it fits their plans the
goal of the operation was to make Russia
comply with the will of their so the
United States and the Great Britain but
bearing in mind the balance of power
stand bear in mind the military
equipment that the Soviet Union had the
Soviet Union had they understood that it
would be difficult to achieve all the
all their goals so as a result they will
be in a protracted war against the
powers for much greater than us so
that's another an example of us
subversive action you can find it in
book written by kim Philby my secret
food in April 1951 there was a meeting
of English and American recognizance
workers on the use of Ukrainian
nationalist organizations at that time
security services provided support to
Ukrainian nationalist organizations to
Bandera
supporters in order to achieve for all -
to obtain all the intelligence
informations their cooperation
intensified already in 1949 and in 1950
several subversive groups were sent to
Ukraine on the night of the 15th of May
1951 British security services have sent
three subversive groups we all know the
atrocities conducted by Banderas
supporters we remember one hundred
thousands of killed men and women
Russians Ukrainians Belarus choose
Pollock's Czechs Slovaks people various
ethnic groups British authorities also
enlisted professional criminals remember
we were talked about the fact that
Russia is a crime so you cannot
cooperate with the states but I need to
say that British officials graphically
work
with criminals I'm not talking about
white helmets and all the peoples who
are involved in this organization that
are supported by British by the British
officials let's just talk about basic
facts in 1973 government officially
recognized that two brothers can attend
kate little jones were used to rob banks
in the island Republic in order to
denigrate the official Irish Republic
army classic cannon little John says
said that he also received a task to
kill seen maxi doll feign who was a head
of the staff of the island Republic army
another example go with Marx he was
Oxford's limny but he became a drug
dealer who was listed by the British in
order to provide information about the
of those who provide smuggled weapons to
Irish to Irish Republic army these are
single examples British officials on
their territory create a conducive
environment to criminals from other
countries for example from in the period
from 2005 to 2012 the Ministry of
Interior Affairs of Great Britain
mentioned that their territory leaves
seven hundred military criminals British
officials would also like to use
banned methods of treatment of prisoners
in order to achieve for all the
information that they need for example
up Dale Levi Kimball Hodge who is the
Libyan commander he was captured in 2004
by year's security services he was
liberated in 2009
now he accuses London of the fact that
London organised his abduction and he
accuses London of torments he still
thinks that the former minister Jack
Straw is in charge and also a number of
officers from mi6 particularly mr. Allen
whose whose letters were made public
will remember how they welcome to the
elimination of Qaddafi in December 2013
the the highest court of England and
Wales reported the inability to examine
this case in Great Britain in July 2016
the British Queen Queen's Prosecutor's
Office confirmed their decision to live
to leave the officers of mi6 without any
responsibility for this act so the
operations must be reviewed by the
British what in February 2018 we got to
know that the next trial will be not
earlier than in 2019 it is about the
question that the history is a history
but the investigation is ongoing and
this is just one of the examples British
Ministry of Foreign Affairs insists on
continuation of these trials in a closed
mode referring to the interest of
national security in 2015 in Serbian was
published a book third bullet political
environment of the assassination of
zoran djindjic
it was killed in 20 in 2003 the authors
blame in assassination the British
intelligence services and they say that
the
Anthony British intelligence officer
Anthony Martin can be involved in this
assassination they blame him in this and
they blame also so-called demon clan
how many such stories on the account of
the special services of Britain only God
knows and this is another example March
21 1850 85 1985 Soviet officer Valentin
hit rich Anka was killed by Afghani
terrorist group and British special
services in Delhi maintaining contact
with this group were very well aware of
this of the preparation of this
terrorist attack but had did nothing to
prevent this crime and finalizing this
topic at killing calendar let's call it
this way cases with cases of
assassinations that took place on the
British soil the killings of influential
persons in the beginning of 20th century
know November 2001 Salisbury Soviet
scientist microbiologist was killed from
the he was former director of the
Leningrad Institute of higher purity by
substances and ported down he worked in
a secret military chemical laboratory in
1989 being in France he asked for
political Robert cook the rugged
squirrel political refuge in this
country political asylum in this country
and in July 2003 in Oxfordshire the
biologist microbiologist died David
Kelly officially it was
Virginia where are the registration god
oh it was suicide and but the
information was falsified Kelly died in
2003 but decade ago British press
acknowledged that the information was
falsified
in 2003 a lawyer Stephen Moore died he
was ahead by Berezovsky in 2004 in
Durban as a result of an air crash for
Norman
died and he worked in Portadown chemical
laboratory and he was on the position of
Kelly the one who died in 2003 and he
was one of the leading British
specialists and the development on the
development of violent chemical weapon
in 2004 in air crash near Bournemouth
the lowest seaman Curtis died and it is
known that he was afraid of his life and
he said that if something happens to him
it wouldn't be an accident and he was
aware of
Berezovsky loss Cove was an independent
witness for the highest court in London
in Great Britain on the case of Forbes
he then other cases the main of them
October 2006 former officer of the
Russian citizen eager ponomaryov died
then you recall Abiff founder of you
guys in 2008 in sue ray from heart
attack Badri butter - Willie died August
former officer of the staff of
government communication video and
electronic intelligence Garrett Williams
he died in unknown conditions he was
found dead inside closed bag and the
investigation the police said that it
was a coincidence and it was like he
himself put himself in the bag and later
was found there April 2012 in Salisbury
Richard Holmes died he worked in secret
military chemical laboratory yes
imported port and down according to the
investigation month before his death
Richard Holmes
so what's Goss evasion in left his work
and later he had heart attack but his
colleague said that the scientist was
healthy and had no problems with health
maybe there was something connected was
Porton Down maybe environment maybe it
is poisoned November 2012 through a
Russian finances Alexander paraplegic
died everything is unclear with this
case in December 2012 in London dies a
millionnaire owner of there is property
Robert Curtis he was killed by the train
March 2013 in escort Rory Sparrow zovsky
died there is nothing to comment here
until now nobody knows what happened to
him in December 2014 in London dies a
close friend of Berezovsky businessman
Scott young
you fool from the fourth floor sometimes
it happens but in November of the same
year 2014 not even November there were
other similar cases in the same period
in 2016 we go on with our list and
Oxford shape famous British specialist
died he was a specialist in radioactive
substances metaponto what did he do do
you remember this right he was
investigating the death of Litvinenko
he was one of the key figures key
experts his death was called the
assisted suicide law enforcement bodies
closed the issue about the case about
his death this is a short list what I
would like to say this black advertising
that is used against Russia by British
government is their favourite tactic of
British authorities if we speak about
image on international arena they always
say about our image this was just a
short list we draw huge volumes of
information about what British
government and those who follow them did
during hundreds of years including 20th
and 21st century it's not a surprise for
all who notice what is surprising that
there are many of those who doesn't in
2014 in 1914 of the this approach used
by Britain's was described by
Spanish writer who explained the deeds
of British government but the following
way
no we speak a lot about black
advertising and there is another term
black legend the Spanish historian
writes the atmosphere that was created
by fantastic stories about our
motherland shows a lot of descriptions
of Spanish nature and provides
justifications based on wrong or false
facts and the statements of those things
that multiple times provided in the
books and later published by the media
about the tolerance and political
process these are all exceptions in
among in Europe and the term he this
Spanish historian uses is the way he
describes British government if we speak
about the motives official London uses
to scruples case and about that long
gear policy they that was used by and
described by the ambassador in Russia by
British ambassador in Russia then the
provocation in Salisbury was benefiting
and maybe even organized by them to put
Russia in a difficult situation
previously and historically British
regularly used
tactic this approach and it goes in line
with the general anti-russian mindset
and it is supported by the strategy of
national security of British and
statements by to resume made in the end
of the last year and the refusal to
cooperate with Russia on this poisoning
cases and on the era of cooperation
hiding the materials to conduct an open
investigation are just another examples
British officials constantly quote some
facts from literature from classic
classical literature and Pierce is
Kassala opponent permanent
representative said that she will bring
a Christmas gift and she said that she
will bring pretty she's lovers of
business leaders will have a submission
for the club of Russian literature we
think for for such wonderful proposal we
are not going to wait so long till
Christmas so the New Year we see the
difficulties they have British
government have with the history
considering the statements of the
British ambassador in Moscow that is why
just a reminder recently we wrote the
agreement on cooperation with historian
organization and
now we would like to accept her as a
prominent member of this organization
this will give her a chance to
participate in all the activities in
this historical area and it will give us
the opportunity to work together against
the backdrop of this bullying that was
started on Salisbury and scruple case
and this that was supported in the West
and then the continuation was given by
the u.s. at the bottom there were some
voices of reason but they probably may
sank this didn't happen
Frankfort argumented sighting on 12th of
November published collective good money
letter by the veterans and they say
about the targeted illumination from
public consciousness of the memory of
the Second World War and fuel
confrontation on these representatives
of this part of establishment of Germany
put some responsibility for all these
German authorities the proposal is to
revive cultivation get back to the
proposal of the Russian President on
comprehensive cultivation that he
mentioned during his statement made in
Bundestag in 2011
we'd like to hope that this document in
publications will find response in
official circles and now a few words
about our American colleagues
we got to know about some news about the
from the social network we were
surprised by the idea made proverb
proposed by the Ambassador and he said
that to improve our relations Russia
Russia must be more responsible in
solving problems that impede the search
of the solutions Russia was always
responsible towards the search of all
the solutions of all conflicts we cannot
say the same about the u.s. we feel a
constant pressure through mass media
misinterpretation declaration of our
country as the main threat and even mean
enemy it doesn't seem like an approach
towards stabilizing our relations it
rather shows the desire of Washington to
block our cooperation and strengthen its
domination on global arena taking into
account this statement a of the
ambassador how American strikes on Syria
feed this rhetoric of the international
law where was mr. Hansen when US
supported to the time Kiev and the
following events and the whole chaos
that happened in Ukraine we cannot
understand why Washington evades the
rest' a blessing of captivation on
countering terrorism and by the EU's
terrorist groups for their own purposes
to
eliminate the legitimate government in
Damascus various mass media distributes
information on hikers that cracked the
almost the health system of election
campaign in the u.s. about the election
campaign will will speak next time
because there is a lot to say and they
refuse to cooperate on cybersecurity and
it is a question about our cultivation
and responsibility within this working
group on cybersecurity we could discuss
this professionally in February the
Americans undermined even a single
consultation on this issue they refused
to copy rates and despite public
accusations there are no evidences of
allergic blame that they could provide
to the specialists they simply do not
have any evidence says all these that is
going on are just bullying the rest in
the third country is captivation with
law-enforcement bodies is also not
working well because there are cases of
kidnapping about 40 people were captured
then the expulsion of Russian diplomats
and closing of the facilities we had to
leave the building
and of our trade representation and this
is not just one case at the run numerous
cases of taking away Russian property we
are taking out of the buildings that are
property of the Russian Federation at
the same time we consider this as
expulsion of a person from his own home
unfortunately these are not all problems
that we can identify I would like to
stress our openness and constructive way
of the desire to cultivate in a
meaningful way and to solve all the
problems that I have mentioned before
but the same approach must be used by
the American side by Washington
otherwise it is impossible to overcome
this stalemate and we hope that the
embassy of the US will help to restore
this problem and to make the u.s.
responsible and the questions to the
American ambassador if you are welcoming
the responsible approach how we can read
what is published by the Department
State Department regarding Russia we
noted the activity of the ambassador
Walter if we understood write several
happened a lot in the Department of
State but if we arrived that he was
trying to deal with the resolution of
the crisis in Ukraine maybe he was tired
maybe he was sad because he didn't do
well in some areas so he decided to act
on a broader scope of activities
troubling he travels in different cities
he's president talking
shows speaking about the behavior of the
countries and how they have to cooperate
with Russia we believe that this kind of
diplomacy has nothing to do with the
statements were here about the
responsible approach of calculation and
the functions of the mediator in cranium
crisis and it cannot positively it
cannot bring positive results on solving
the crisis in the format of cooperation
with his partner whiskey should focus on
our concert of constructive cooperation
another to solve all these problems
taken into account in the peacekeeping
mission of the N in that regard we
should also point out that the most
optimum variant of a solicitation is the
draft resolution disseminated by the
Russian Federation on the SMM OSC of the
OSCE and we call for the partners
constructive approach to this document
and we request the written response and
these positive developments in the this
issue will help us to advance upon the
Minsk agreements and would help us to
reach concerns among the participants of
this process this is a Donetsk and
Luhansk and Kiev as you know we also
noticed that on the 15th of April the
former head of the FBI James Comey in
interview to the embassy lid was to
consider whether the publishing of his
memoirs that is called of the higher
level of reality he always some issues
about Russian us bilateral agenda
that are fake but in the context of of
the former FBI had it sounds not very
comfortable not very appropriate but mr.
Connie Connie who does not conceal his
displeasure with our they say he is
leaving his post he said that mr. Trump
on his own at his own discretion he said
that he had collected
the materials against his former boss if
anyone has such discretion materials
maybe this is Comey
and we are puzzled about the possibility
of a meeting of the Twinner Sergey
Lavrov and mr. Trump for this was last
year actually he said that he was
surprised by the fact that Russians were
present in the Oval Office what were
Russians doing in the Oval Office and
using the words he uses such phrases as
wow that's crazy
he thinks that is no more to receive the
representatives of that Taliban and
about Lara he says Wow so Tony Comey
said that there was no one except the
president the president at the meeting
and our Minister was accompanied by four
people the ambassador Russian ambassador
to the US mr. Kellogg and other
officials the representative
of the Russian delegation so Trump was
accompanied by five US officials three
are high-profile officials of his and
administration's and others are from the
National Council of security of the air
security I got into the common practice
for the White House Lavrov met George
Bush jr. and to Barack Obama so all of
this description given in the book gives
us many doubts this could not be called
a private visit so we should debunk the
statement of a mr. Kaneko me and we
believe that it is unacceptable to
spread such false information in the
atmosphere that we have because it
contains inside the reasons for
incitement and we were reciting the and
these ABC news materials so if it is a
mistake then these media outlets should
debunk this but it's taken from the
newscast I would like to answer some
questions that were asked during the
previous briefing and before that
briefing it was the BBC question in
particular it concerns the fate of of
the Russian citizens have been in Arab
prisons we commanded on the topic and we
said that we we when we have such
information we will make it published
according to the sources the two Russian
citizens women were sentenced for life
to live term sentence imprisonment and
it equal to 20 years of an imprisonment
in our practice and we speak about man
rasul level from Hajj color
she has four children and Mohammed
Carnival Elvira
she's from their band
she has two children the sentence is not
final one and this case should be viewed
about the appeals court and these
citizens did not plead guilty the
citizens of Ferguson and others were
sentenced to the highest level of
punishment this was a sentence that were
referring relating to the wives about
the terrorists of fighters after the
defeat of the Isis group in Iraq this
that we also the hearing of other of our
other citizens and our consulate were
closely monitoring the situation with
our children and women when we first got
the information about the detainment and
we established working contacts with all
the ministries for the country and this
helped us er to get to know the scale of
about the situation according to the
available sources the about 70 women are
imprisoned in the Baghdad prisons and
about 100 children are also there the
parents of the children are born in Iraq
and Syria the are known because at the
time when the diplomats were actually
intervened they were denied access and
they only in April in my May we can
identify those people detained
there are charges brought against these
people in crossing illegal crossing the
border and the accomplish in being
accomplices in the terrorist activities
if the guilt is demonstrated then the
rule of face capital punishment they
face a long term sentences
according to the media the citizens from
Turkey and ascertain the were sentenced
to both punishment and people involved
you know the crimes of Isis in Iraq they
can hardly be count on benevolence in
those cases and no local lawyers are
working for such citizens and the filing
the appeals as it was done on the 17th
of April there are difficulties in
identifying now these women and many
people intentionally destroyed their
documents missing miss inform the
authorities all maybe have lost her via
documents and the affairs / during the
conflict it is very hard to identify the
identity of her children that are not
speaking any language the authorities of
Iraq do not refuse do not obstruct the
return of the citizen sir to the Russian
Federation if they will face legal
proceedings and if all the convicted
citizens initiate the transfer of
children it is also not opposed to so
the work has been carried out without
the participation of of the deputy head
of the Committee on international
affairs
and since summer last year until present
70 73 and children and about 20 women
were returned to the Russian Federation
they were that were not involved in that
the crimes of the ISIS are fighters and
we would work on this topic later as far
as the russian-azerbaijani relations it
was a question posed by trend news
agency I like to say that our I would
comment on our main priorities that we
are connected with other part the
relations of partnership and based on
our common culture and our common really
history and these context of mutual
benefits are maintained at the level of
her president at the high level by the
representative cell for sewing circles
for the business community and our
president during last year matter four
times at the ROM include context in the
parliamentary structures and there are
many inter-regional contracts and we
have many agreements regarding the
cultural scientific and technical
cooperation and achievements to this
country is a carried out from 73 regions
in 2017 their trade increased in a 28
percent 28.58 percent and a total 2,600
millions of US dollars and this is the
low of the indexes of 2016 the
Investment Corporation gaining is
gaining interaction and about
a 600 joint venturers are operating on
the market with about 200 to 100 to our
Russian capital a direct investment or
to this journey is about 1.5 billion
dollars about the obvious dollars and we
have projects bilateral projects in
energy transport innovation technologies
and agriculture the priority is our
cooperation in the humanitarian sphere
and we are quite satisfied with the
developments in education and about
eleven to fifteen thousand students from
Azerbaijan are studying in our
universities and the subsidiary branch
of State University is working in Baku
and some other educational institutions
are also functioning until we are
holding cross cultures across the years
of culture and I would like also to
mention the event planned for the chance
of for me I'm speaking about the
historic and documental exhibition
Alligator Alley
his personality role and mission it is
will coincide with the 95th anniversary
of our birth of this public figure
who said it lay the basis for our
strategic partnership and this is a
symbolic event because it reminds of the
coastal work that we undertake to
develop our friendship and interaction
that is carried out by the heads of our
governments and our states and we are
convinced that a good basis for
developing such ties is the victory of a
leave during the presidential elections
in Azerbaijan I would like also to pass
the material to my colleagues to be
passed some of the material
another question that we were asked
before this briefing
they were asking asked to command know
that the question asker buy as a job on
a cell button also the concern armenia
on 17th of April there was a protest
campaign we hope that this situation
will be settled in the legal framework I
also like to answer the question posed
by my polish colleagues he said that
asked about the investigation of the
plane of the plane crash and about the
return of all the debris
I'd like to focus on this topic more
than the previous time you are regularly
proposing the question to us and we are
answering them regularly also antor the
situation has been changed our about is
occurring out at a comprehensive
investigation and as for the requests
about the polish side the also worked
upon and our national prosecutor's
office has not completed to the
investigation and we take into account
all the adults raised by our Polish
contact colleagues and we would like to
eliminate all the white spots in this
case as for the return on for the
degrees above the presidential plane all
the fragments are collected on the site
our material evidence accordance with
the legal procedures of the Russian
Federation they should remain in Russia
until all investigative activities are
finished
what excuse me turn on the mic please
turn on the mic this so I send you the
question that the Polish foreign
ministry recommended on your briefing
and they say that the issue is a
relation to the assistance they have not
been referred to have not been addressed
this is not a general issue
why should Polish authorities react to
my comments when we have a Polish
Embassy in our country when the
competent authorities can come to us and
request the assistance that they need
got the state the statement form of the
Polish foreign ministry saying that
there are four requests not answered and
how can you comment on these information
I will specify what you are talking
about and all the obligations that had
as forward at the request if you mean
the return of the debris I have
mentioned that I will specify what
exactly may be the case everything that
we could have provided they did that
will of course specify all the details
this is not a question it should be
posed to the foreign minister to the
foreign ministry ball to the competent
authorities as for the World Cup we
attach great importance to the
successful realization of our the World
Cup in 2018 and to the accommodation of
eight participants now the procedure for
crossing the state border between the
Russian
and the Republic of Belarus for foreign
citizens and stateless persons this is a
question that is being worked upon by
Russian competent authorities with a
close contact with Belarus and this
topic is an agenda in the half of the
Intergovernmental inter-ministerial
working group on the recommendations
coordinated immigration policy so we are
waiting for the results and soon will
inform the spectators of the World Cups
cop honor the issues of crossing our
common border with Belarus I ready to
answer your questions yes please an
enormous muscular Baku returned to the
Russian as a Virginia relations and to
the Scribus case recently our deputies
supported Russia in this case saying
that it is a provocation that is the
positive sanctions and in time such
isolate Russia stressing that the
opposed such actions how could you
comment on that we believe that this is
a stance that you've always had not seen
the taxes of the decision but if it
contains such words as provocations it
reflects totally the Russian position
and we're happy that the objective of
you exists in the wrong world and in
particular ana albuja do you have any
other questions yes Celera do korean
broadcasting campaign company we are
asking you to provide commentary for the
intro korean summit we have repeatedly
said that we
support the dialogue and development of
contacts we hope that the plan to enter
a Korean meeting will make its
contribution toward the normalization of
the situation the Korean Korean
Peninsula and although it what we hope
that it will help to deal with a range
of issues as for the agenda particularly
the prospects for restoring inter-korean
cooperation in practical areas so we
would appreciate such agreements and we
will be ready to help their
implementation upon the request of our
Korean partners so we confirmed that our
initiatives concerning three part at
Russia North Korea South Korea
cooperation in railway electricity and
gas fields will remain in force in force
as for the sanctions regime of the UN
Security Council against North Korea
should be examined within the framework
of this international body yes please
hello yes it's working
RT channel Russia is accused of
obstructing OPCW experts to the area
where the alleged chemical attacks
occurred is others accusations true I
asked my colleague to take this material
it was about our bilateral cooperation
with air by John I said a millions of
items but it's billions of items to be
exact
accusations so fought to be exact
I'll repeat my question again I'll
repeat my question
Mike was my question is the West has
repeatedly accused Russia of obstructing
the way for OPCW experts to the area
where the alleged chemical attack
occurred we provided our comments for
that matter and you can find all the
materials now official website I gave my
comments about that this is a total
nonsense and all the synonyms of that
word that you can think about where are
they where did they take from what are
their explanations for that where we
were interested that in sending OPCW
experts there and we made statements for
that we are also contacted with the
Syrian side particularly when it comes
to the two lasers and other documents so
we asked the Syrian side to be urgent
immediate and operative also I repeat we
are not organizing this visit it's up to
the United Nations OPCW and Syria we
always offered our cooperation and
interaction you know again we're getting
used to the fact that we're being
accused of everything so out our
cooperation when it comes to our
cooperation security we didn't provide
any safeguards of the fact that we don't
want to that we want to involve in that
mission that we want to influence their
decision actually we're not we're doing
our best to help them to get to that
area so we did our best
so why the minister Foreign Affairs of
France is saying that we are putting
obstacles to the experts they also made
a review about the chemical attacks
they were so many mistakes made in that
report it's difficult to say what were
they talking about do you have any more
questions yes please hello Andre
afanasiev target TV channel dozens of
public organizations in mass media
appreciated the initiative highly likely
welcome back it's about the return of
Russian students who at the moment are
studying in Great Britain this
initiative offers them to go back to
Russia and to study in the Russian
universities what the ministry's
reaction and do you support this
initiative this is a program developed
by Russett Road in Chester and I think
that this agency can provide its
commentaries its comments on that matter
I can say that on many years Rasta to
adjust is making all the activities to
establish cooperation with the Russian
camp Atreus living abroad there is also
a substantive dialogue with experts who
are qualified in digital economy
particularly in 2017 Russia adopted a
large scale digital development
programme that meant to change large
areas of fields like transport public
healthcare so a major aspect of that
work is their training and attracting of
human resources and we are implementing
this program together with the Ministry
of Economy Development and Ministry of
Science and education so agency is
serves as a communication platform for
students alumna and young specialists
and also institution of secondary and
higher education this roster interest
was project will
as it was planned by the agency itself
they wanted to make a first step for the
establishment of digital economy in
Russia I also want to remind you of the
fact that unfortunately representatives
of the russian-speaking communities
particularly in Great Britain facing
with special attention from the British
government especially when they go
through various formalities like taking
like these formalities making more
University and flat our
action-platformer together with Russia
true resolute interests about creating
conditions for russian-speaking students
and Russian students who want to find a
job in the Russian large companies or
for those students who are facing with
hostile attitude in the country where
they are studying at the moment bearing
in mind the quote and the and also the
list of companies and universities is
still open so every specialist will get
an individual approach that will be
necessary for his future I think you can
post this question to Russett Road and
just well which is we just quoted their
position Russian students working and
studying in foreign universities can ask
the question they can find a special
group on Facebook moderators and
administrators of the group are ready to
answer their questions
so again please ask these questions to
us addressed when you will receive
interesting questions hello
today asahi talking about the Korean
issue there was a meeting between the
Korean Foreign Minister and Sergey
Lavrov tell us please did North Korea
expressed their intention to continue
negotiations a week past maybe you
received new information through
diplomatic channels
about the preparation of high-level
negotiations between North Korea and
Russia as for high-level negotiations
you should ask this question to the
administrative office of the Russian
President as for the first question we
are developing the lateral contacts with
the members of that six-party group that
we mentioned various kinds of asked you
to salute here and he's on the he's in
Crimea at the moment on the conference
and he's saying that the whole creamy is
watching you at the moment thank you yes
please
hello Anatoly karmanov Wall Street
Journal Interfax published that the
Russian embassy in Washington received a
letter from White House that there were
no sanctions could you please provide
your comments about that it was at the
beginning of the week so we are quite
late okay that's infirm old information
and we confirmed that it's not today's
information this information appeared in
in the beginning of the week yes please
TV channel al Jazeera
just don't be afraid it's not quite
often that we have such long briefings
it's just our British colleagues that
gave us ideas to do that al Jazeera TV
channel so today we've found internal
internet found information
Interfax society diplomatic sources that
Jepara nutria and Syrian opposition on
the south of Syria they are expanding
their activities and they plan to
establish a territorial unit that's
independent from Damascus do you have
any more information about that maybe
you have official data I can say that I
saw such comments we have this
information wait a minute I need to find
it okay Sherman goose Gossage to this
little now I can say that information
that you mentioned is true and we are
registering such trends one seconds
please is true that over the last two
weeks we see the escalation of situation
in the south of Syria despite statements
made by the United States we see that in
the valley of your MOOC River there is
not only a pattern nursery but also I
stomped group we see that through Jordan
border with sea convoys with the
allergic humanitarian assistance that we
perfectly understand that the the nature
of this humanitarian assistance this the
cargo of this convoys have nothing to do
with him latarian assistance no one
knows exactly what this convoys are
delivering and the delivery of this
so-called humanitarian of assistance is
controlled
by the Americans themselves and only
them I could say that within the
framework of activities of monitoring
center in Amman Jordan and US
representatives were systematically
reported about attacks conducted by
fighters against government forces but
no measures are taken to stabilize the
situation and to eliminate terrorists
fighters take active action to expand
the territory that they control the
operative staff of vanastra in Daraa
has sent to comment of other groups who
are still operative in Suad Dara and
Elkin a trailer narrates so they call to
organize a concurrent offensive against
Syrian government forces I need to say
that the offensive against government
forces I need to say that groups of
jihad and nusra and other groups that
are working with them comprise the 12
thousand fighters and also hundreds of
military equipment tens of field guns
and military rocket launchers missile
rocket launchers that they received
through the corridors controlled by
illegal armed groups this will only
result in the escalation of situation
and other provocations that might
involve the use of various chemical
agents against civilian population so
it's quite possible that after such
provocation that can that fighters can
organize concurrent offensive against
government forces so we understand that
their goal is to seize and to establish
a territorial unit with a capital and
area like the territories that are
controlled
all the controlled by Syrian democratic
forces on the north eastern part of
Syria do you have any more questions we
start the second round we have the
question TV channels are great talking
we are talking about Cuba how the
actions taken by Cuba will reflect on
the relations between Cuba and Russia I
need to ask this question to my experts
and I will provide information later you
know you know quite often years
journalists visit our briefings and ask
asked about acoustic attacks that were
conducted against US diplomats and as I
understand Canadian diplomats you know
several days ago I found out that the
Canadian authorities said that they
cannot confirm the very existence of
such attacks they said that it happened
but they cannot confirm the nature of
such attacks but remember how much time
this topic was the issue number one so
is anyone going to refute the situation
because we see highly likely again but
just imagine the consequences they
impact for the Cuban authorities I think
that even they tried to involve Russia
in that but the Canadian authorities
there that it has nothing to do with
acoustics it's just a small note yes
please but please be brief in asking
your questions in turn national media
outlet outlet
mr. Harbor I'm talking about this
proposed case
we found out that the Russian Federation
started its own investigation
so if Russia will be able to prove the
brita Britain's guilt you know that's
the question for law enforcement
agencies we're giving our assessment of
political situation in the world
as for such statement that you're
talking about we're talking about law
enforcement agencies you were quite
right when you said that they started an
investigation and the investigation
committee and the prosecutor general's
officer are working together and they're
organizing an investigation together and
there was another organization who was
making a report about that we were
talking about that and we proceeded from
the fact that we see so many lies here
please tell us but we see if so strange
explanations we want to have all the
data not may be published but we want
all the data provided to us you know so
many lies in this story that we cannot
even understand what is in this samples
that can be provided to the Russian
Federation maria vladimirovna we would
like to thank you for mentioning of
alexander kots of the correspondent of
editorial and i'm also pleased that you
have him we're in and my question in
Donald Trump said that recently there
was a fight between Russian and American
soldiers and it was kind of fight and
there are many people who died there
well as far as we understand here we are
talking about not about the we are
talking about the regular forces
everything which is connected with the
use of Regular Army
I beg your pardon may be the phrase is
not correct for the use of the employees
of the Russian military forces the
Ministry of Defense it does this in an
operative way and at your request maybe
what Donald Trump meant was that there
is no linkages with air forces but again
it is not our issue not our case yes
please
good evening information agency threat I
have a question head of the General
Staff mat was the head of NATO and they
discussed some issues of captivation
issues of regional security and Syrian
crisis and would like to know what is
your evaluation of this discussion
taking into account that Baku was the
place of this meeting it's not the
question to be asked here you have to
refer to another agency variable demon
who will represent Russia in the expo in
Baku Lavrov mr. Lavrov is not going
there thank you very much
