hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report the show that brings you
Liberation Theology right into your
living rooms for your whole family to
enjoy freedom baby what's up
speaking of freedom a lot of you know
Americans and British people's think
when we obamas bringing freedom just
like remember when we bombed Iraq and
they were supposed to meet us of flowers
throwing flowers at us and they never
quite did nevertheless one thing that
dropping missiles apparently does is
booms the stock market right there were
a lot of headlines from Friday the 13th
when we bomb Syria and everybody like at
the street calm we're like defense
shares up by five billion dollars yeah
we're all making money so we're gonna go
over a few of those headlines oh that's
great news to understand that number
under the Democrats it was the Muslims
that we're gonna wipe us all out now
under no wait I got that reversed it was
somebody who's afraid of the Muslims and
out some people are afraid of Russians
you know they they like an existential
threat from afar they don't like to look
at the stuff that's happening inside
America like I often tweet when people
are saying they're Russians Russians I
say what am i flip Michigan the US
government's trying to kill people with
poison duh freedom at the nerve agents
of London what about the nerve agents in
Flint Michigan killing Americans oh we
don't care about that because the stock
market went up and we all got rich and
we all hate black people so you're an
idiot and I say well Yuri put yourself
it's also important to know April 13th a
lot of people are already paying their
taxes I paid a huge amount of taxes I
felt really really sick to watch two
hundred and twenty five million dollars
worth the Tomahawks fall on Syria half
of them were apparently intercepted so
perhaps my tax check was actually
intercepted and just evaporated in air
but I want to look at some of these
charts over the defense shares for
example and we're gonna look at some
reasons why these are up so much over
the last few years first we're going to
look at Raytheon
and they were 222 dollars on Friday the
13th they were up there been up fivefold
however since August 2011 the the fifth
largest military contractor in the world
with fifty three thousand employees the
world's
just producer guided missiles the
tomahawks
57 tomahawks apparently dropped on the
country actually and there was over a
hundred million dollars worth the
connection between mass slaughter and
genocide the stock markets never been
more beautifully connected if you're a
plutocrat right so you think about world
war two you know the atrocities of World
War two if those things have been listed
on the stock exchange and you could
invest in the in the pogrom as it were
America would have never invaded you
know they would have just sat back and
counted their dividends so you know my
unique take on this like a lot of people
do talk about how how much money are
made in bombing and stuff like that the
as I said the street comm was saying way
way great defense shares are at five
billion dollars but I looked at this
long-term chart the thing that stood out
to me about this Raytheon stock chart
and you'll see the same in the next two
defense shares that I'm going to look at
max so we're talking about these this
particular chart here going back this is
the Cold War look at the stock chart
there nothing too spectacular this is
from 9/11 and all the invasions of Iraq
and Afghanistan look not too much
compared to the surge in the share price
of Raytheon since 2011 I'm gonna turn to
another another chart this is the
largest defense contractor in the world
and that's Lockheed Martin you see a
similar thing there's from 2011 the
share price is up fivefold as well so
what has happened uniquely since 2011
we're gonna keep on looking at that and
the reveal is going to be coming soon
but Lockheed Martin is the number one
stock defense contractor based on
revenue they have a hundred thousand
employees they do the f-22 Raptor the
f-35 also their share price actually
didn't do so well but $342 at 60 cents
on Friday the 13th so the stock prices
were like normal for years and years
during even the Cold War and then they
suddenly shot up in 2011 is that what
you're telling me yes and you have to
wait a few minutes for a what I think
might be the reason but we're gonna keep
on looking at the ongoing Wars of course
in 2011 Qaddafi was overthrown
this is when Libya and
perhaps it's a new policy that happened
perhaps it's a new something changed
when we went after Libya and then we
knew Syria and Yemen were next so
perhaps that's it and so we're gonna
look at some of that first serious
strike puts Lockheed Martin stealthy new
missile to test the joint u.s. French
and UK missile barrage on Syria this
week included the battlefield debut of a
stealthy new Lockheed Martin
air-launched cruise missile produced as
part of a 4.6 billion dollar defense
program 19 missiles fired outside Syrian
airspace by two b-1b bombers targeted
the Barza
research and development center located
in the greater Damascus area those joint
air-to-surface standoff missiles or JSF
joined 57 Raytheon tomahawks that
Pentagon officials also said targeted
the site that's right but we're not safe
here inside our borders against domestic
terrorists are we let's turn to another
share price and this is Northup gunman
another one of the big defense
contractors and they're up even more
they're up Sevenfold since 2011 they do
surveillance reconnaissance protected
communications intelligence battle
management strike operations electronic
warfare and missile defense - Earth
Observation space science and space
exploration again I was looking at you
know they do surveillance so is that the
reason why they're up seven fold since
2011 has there something uniquely
changed that was way worse than the Cold
War way worse than 2011 2003 invasions
of Afghanistan and Iraq is there
something uniquely so much more
profitable about now that they've
increased by 7 fold this is this is a
mystery the contractor suddenly became
five six times stock prices in the
market for some reason starting in 2011
so I looked up some recent headlines
from Northrop Grumman what could they
possibly have been doing well here's the
headline from January actually this is
from this past week but it's about an
event that happened in January that was
very mysterious among another darling of
the stock market Tesla remember in
January they
- missile from some sort of rocket from
Florida and it exploded the payload
exploded well every it was very
mysterious no it was a mysterious car
payload nobody knew what happened
northrop grumman not spacex reported to
be at fault for loss of top-secret zuma
satellite northrop grumman built and
operated the components that failed
during the controversial january launch
of the u.s. spy satellite known as zuma
according to a Wall Street Journal
report on Sunday two independent
investigations made up of federal and
industry officials pointed to Northrop's
payload adapter as the cause of the
satellites loss the payload adaptor is a
key part of deploying a satellite in
orbit connecting the satellite to the
upper stage of a rocket according to the
article about this zuma rocket that
exploded this payload that exploded on
this rocket sent off by spacex well it
was believed we don't know how much but
it is believed to have cost around 3.5
billion dollars to develop according to
the report the satellite was funded
through a process that received a lesser
degree of oversight from Congress
compared with similar national
security-related satellites industry
officials said they don't know who which
division of the Department of Defense
this was the satellite was made for it
apparently was some sort of Earth
observation or surveillance technology
but it just blew up 3.5 billion dollars
blew up you know two million-dollar
missiles were intercepted and blown up
over Syria so this is like could explain
also why we can't have any inflation you
know the the central bank keeps on
trying to create inflation and then we
keep on evaporating these are basically
currency if they if the US dollar is
backed by the military and missiles blow
up and three point five billion dollar
payload is blow up and nobody knows well
show that many times that the Fed prints
the money and then the Pentagon blows it
up in various countries around the world
or sends US soldiers out there to get
maimed and blown up this you'll die for
your country to protect democracy you
die in America to stop inflation that's
what the soldiers out there dying for
they should replace the American flag
with an upside-down dollar sign or
something they're fighting
inflation by dying Thank You American
servicemen actually not very many
servicemen died anymore because these
are being launched from from Florida and
Las Vegas the drones and missiles are
sent from somewhere very safe somewhere
like far away from the battle they get a
Purple Heart though so I want to turn to
another possible solution and I think
this is something that you found and
hopefully we'll stick with the story
because I think it's interesting one
this is what happened in 2011 that was
so unique is it the the the new
surveillance technology well I mean
that's part of it we are starting to
survey people more and you know we've
seen this with Facebook and Amazon and
Google and all these Internet companies
is something unique did was Libya that
was that a connection with to something
new in warfare that was so much more
profitable well there is another thing
that happened in 2011 the reason why the
stocks have gone up dramatically since
2011 you are about to make the reveal
I'm not sure this is the reason I'm just
saying you know because not cause
correlation doesn't necessarily equal
causality but I'm going to explore this
theory as a theory and we're proposing
this right here on the Kaiser report
there are a lot of details here we'll
probably have to go into the second half
but I want to talk about this the new
oil you know a lot of our Wars all these
Wars all these defense shares are about
protecting the oil fields of the Middle
East right everybody says that everybody
knows that even CNN and MSNBC and Fox
will say that well here is something
that is being called the new oil by
analysts themselves and that is federal
defense contractors find a new
profitable business Obamacare so this is
from 2014 what this is what yeah okay
yeah and the defense contractors yeah
that's how they're making it tell me
more so this is an article from 2014 and
you know Obamacare passed in March of
2010 but it takes a while for all these
contracts to start going and happening
2011 by the way was also the summer of
2011 right at the bottom of those
defense contractors share price 2011
with
when automatic cuts to the Department of
Defense budget came in there were
automatic cuts so you would have thought
that there these share prices therefore
should decline or not do so well not
increased by five to seven folds over
the next few years well they use the
example of General Dynamics we didn't go
over their share price but General
Dynamics is actually the oldest defense
contractor in America's from the 1890s
they also have a lectric boat based out
of Groton Connecticut where they make
the nuclear submarines at Trident
submarines
well General Dynamics business was
facing huge losses back in 2011 2012
diminishing Wars and plunging defense
spending has slashed the weapon makers
revenue and left some subsidiaries worth
far less than it had paid for them but
the company was already pushing in a new
direction and that is health care and
we'll come back to that when we come
back on this break all right well this
is fascinating
don't go away much more coming your way
defense contractors and healthcare stay
right there
welcome back to the kaisers report I'm a
texturizer we are exploring the
connection between defense contractors
their stock price and the healthcare
industry you know the markets review all
ultimately it's all in the prices
markets finance scandal Kaiser report
gets into the real news because we look
at the prices and then we tell you
what's really happening that's why
millions of people watch us every single
day so continue max as we were saying at
the top of the show all the financial
news in America Bloomberg CNBC they're
all like AHA defense shares are soaring
because we have another war going on in
Syria and they're celebrating that Max
and Stacey here in Kies report have
noticed something different that the
shares are rising of course just as they
did when we invaded Iraq or just when we
they did when we invaded Afghanistan or
just as they did during the Cold War
especially tense moments but as we
showed in the long-term charts going
back through the first Cold War is that
the the rise in the share price since
2011 is something it looks like dot-com
sort of action these are five fold seven
fold share price increases in these
defense sector stocks so at the end of
the the first half we turn to that
headline from 2014 which was that
federal defense contractors find a new
profitable business Obamacare General
Dynamics is what they were pointing out
then because the diminishing Wars and
diminishing war profits they turn to
Obamacare providing services to all
those Health and Human Services
Department government contracts to build
Obamacare and provide services for
Obamacare soon after Congress passed the
landmark Affordable Care Act the maker
of submarines and tanks decided to
expand its business related to health
care as 2011 purchase of health data
firm abandoned instantly made it the
largest contractor to Medicare and
Medicaid huge government plans for
seniors and the poor quote they saw that
their legacy defense market was going to
be taking a hit said Sebastian lagana an
analyst with technology business
research a market research firm and they
knew the ACA
was going to inject funds into the
healthcare market as the article then
says if healthcare is the new oil as
some investors hope this was the market
to get into right the American program
this is the almost a million people went
bankrupt because the medical
establishment the defense industry and
the health insurance industry targeted
them for death and now they are dying as
predicted good on you mate e your plan
to kill people is working so essentially
a medical procedure that cost five
hundred dollars the medical industry
these guys now working for the health
the defense contractors and presumably
they're threatening you not with
lawsuits but with actual weapons of mass
destruction will come to your home if
you don't pay the health cost and
they'll say a procedure that is five
hundred dollars and cost they'll say
we're gonna charge you $20,000 unless
you pay us Obamacare which works out to
you know two or three thousand for that
procedure and by the way we want to
actually pay for the procedure because
there's a deductible that means that we
won't actually pay for anything so this
is causing wholesale bankruptcy across
America this is causing the defense
contractors become hugely wealthy and
when you give it when you give guys with
a very small genitalia a lot of money
they get very pigeon chested and they're
like oh Russians are everywhere we have
to go kill them because there's no
checks and balances you're just giving
Psychopaths you're writing them huge
checks trillions of dollars go to
psychopaths in the military who then put
on their big medals and they're saying
oh Russians or everywhere there's a
Russian in my sphincter there's a
Russian in my tea cup there's a Russian
man that could write Rachel Maddow is
like gassed every day with with goofy
gas and she's all puffed up and she's
like you know why uh three trillion
dollars in tax revenue going into
Psychopaths think about the premiums
that you and I pay actually don't go to
this to these programs what they're
after is the government stuff the
government programs the government free
money that are taxed they get the money
okay they don't do anything they're they
don't make anything the government
sought out there and the you know
Washington stamping out when
you know they just stick store it that's
the business the article says if health
care is the new oil as some investors
hope HHS which is the Department of
Health and Human Services is one of the
richest fields along with the massive
opportunities and health related
computer spending by the department's of
Defense Veterans Affairs and Treasury
the DoD market is very weak said Steve
Kalman a Harvard management professor
and contracting specialist the two
growth markets are cybersecurity and
health care so everybody is trying to
get into those so like I said when we
look at 2011 and the charts go parabolic
they go in a direction very much like
the dot-com sector was that Libya no I
think we can prove because they're
saying the analysts looking at it at the
time this is in 2014 they're saying the
Department of Defense contracts are very
weak where is all the new money going
well the Department of Health and Human
Services and how to plunder those and
this has done very well for them and in
fact for traditional defense contractors
health care isn't the new oil it is the
new f-35 fighter or zumwalt-class
destroyer of course the f-35 which
Lockheed Martin built is the largest
defense contract in global world history
it's the one and a half trillion at
least we don't know how much it actually
cost but that the fighter jet that costs
went way over budget so because of the
fact that just like the Department of
Health and Human Services just like with
f-35 paid cost-plus so whatever your
costs are they pay it it doesn't matter
so they'll just pay it so Lockheed
Martin which created the f-35 the huge
boondoggle they're well they've gotten
into Obamacare provision this is a
pretty exciting time to be in the
federal health IT space said Horace
Blackman Lockheed Martin's vice
president of health and life sciences
the biggest opportunities I would point
to are the efforts associated with the
affordable care act so here we have
Lockheed Martin saying the biggest
opportunities are providing a fair
Affordable Care Act
Lockheed Martin also provided some of
the new missiles going into Syria so how
how is Syria sold to you how is a
affordable
haier axle - what was what what was it
argument by Rachel Maddow for both
Dulles humanitarian intervention you
care about those people in Syria right
you care you you might not care about
the children the women and children in
Yemen but you care about the women and
children in Syria right well we need
Lockheed Martin here apparently you care
about those poor people who don't have
health care well if you give Lockheed
Martin some money
apparently they'll deliver it help us
out yeah humanitarian aid that's how
they sold it so the health care industry
to ransack and pillage the American
economy is doing so for humanitarian
reasons which they learned from their
war lobbying efforts in Washington they
could get or that we just saw Theresa
May in the UK justified illegal bomb
dropping in Syria obvious or crimes for
humanitarian reasons that's the script
given to her by Lockheed Martin and the
British Aerospace there's a script go
out there lie through your teeth for
humanitarian reasons because it works
because people they just wag the dog
remember they show the little girl
running across the bridge and Americans
get out their checkbook here's a three
trillion dollars of British people oh
and then of course in this Syrian war
they had the little girl with the big
eyes oh my god and they learned that
script from the defense contractors who
are the terrorists within well they do
mention that they learned it from the
defense contractor lobbyists this is a
policy from them but in terms of
Lockheed Martin the biggest defense
contractor in the world while Lockheed
has Ron HHS computers for a long time
it's business with the agency has
increased by more than half since 2006
to 300 million dollars annually
according to federal records however
it's not just cyber security skills
Washington employees especially prized
health analytic skills so we have two
hundred epidemiologists we have clinical
statists
we have physicians we have nurses said
Amy Caro head of the Health Division of
Northrop Grumman better known first b-2
stealth
so there's Northrop Gruman in there so
remember we showed their stock chart up
Sevenfold since 2011 and they are
big-time into they're getting a you know
the cyber security of course any sort of
intranet computer system programs those
are way easier to defraud government so
vertical integrated yeah it's like a
fast food industry sells you the fast
food that gives you the diarrhea and
then they sell anti diarrhea medicine to
cure the diarrhea so here you have the
defense contractors who supply all the
weapons to go kill people and then they
also sell the insurance products to help
people get over from there being maimed
by the same very same corporation so the
shareholders are getting both ends of
the of the stick and of course meanwhile
the ongoing crisis in America from
legalized heroin from this same industry
the opiate crisis opioid yeah opioid
crisis claims another former guests of
this show Matthew Mellon a guy who told
me to buy ripple at three pennies a cone
and I thought he was insane he put two
million dollars into ripple and made a
billion dollars he's part of the Mellon
Drexel a you know banking you know
dynasty he was a genius but now he's
dead
in large part because of the frickin
opiate you know pushers in this country
who again there's no discrimination is
there they don't care who you are
you know this this trifecta of murder
the defense contractors the opium
manufacturers and the health industry is
kind of like the Bermuda Triangle of the
American pogrom
if you step a foot into that tar pit the
chances are you gonna die
and they don't care and it is mad out
going back to the story we're gonna look
at an another angle to it and another
big name that we don't have their share
price but you'll recognize the name and
that is the quickest way to acquire a
particular expertise needed by HHS some
contractors have found is often to mimic
General Dynamics and by somebody already
doing the work in October of
20:14 defense and intelligence giant
Booz Allen Hamilton said it bought the
Health Division of Genova technologies a
tech company that has done 90 million in
HHS business since the health law was
passed
according to federal records so Booz
Allen of course was where Edward Snowden
was working in Hawaii when he was
actually working for the NSA they're
basically it's a huge corporation as I
say that the deal is part of a larger
push by Booz majority owned by the
carlyle group a private equity firm to
sell technology services and consulting
to HHS so Carlyle Group of course is
comprised of as this private equity
group is I think the largest in the
world and it's headed by all these
former presidents it's kind of a way to
do the kickbacks and make them oleg arks
but pretend it's a private sector but
all their contracts are with the
government and booze Allen's all their
contracts are with the government deep
all these defense contractors all with
the government their share prices are by
the way on multiples looking very much
like comm companies like 26 x PE so it's
a here Booz Allen is in the business as
well and we're not allowed to know
because their private sector as well but
that because they do so much secret work
with the government nobody knows how
much money they're actually getting from
this work well mass death has never been
more profitable right I mean that
they're in the business of extermination
right they get paid a lot of money to
exterminate Americans these are American
corporations discouraged within the
country is not being addressed the
heroes like a Warren Buffett or other
investors are lauded as archetypes for
all children to aspire to be and yet
they are investing in wholesale
slaughter so to deflect attention of
course there's an existential threat
coming from another place another
country and and the farce goes on the
pantomime continues and Shakespeare said
America is doomed well that's going to
do it for this edition of the cars
report with me man
geyser Anastasio birdlife thing our
guest AC Herbert Jonah catch us on
twitter at skies report till next time
well y'all
