plane of environmental samples again
under food chain of custody the team
also requested and received splits of
samples taken by British authorities for
comparative purposes and to verify the
analysis of the United Kingdom the team
was briefed on the toxic chemicals
chemical that had been identified by the
United Kingdom and reviewed analytical
results and data from chemical analysis
of biomedical samples collected by
United Kingdom authorities from the
affected individuals as well as from
environmental samples collected on-site
the OPCW has since stated that the
results of analysis of biomedical
samples conducted by OPCW designated
laboratories demonstrate the exposure of
the three affected individuals to this
toxic chemical in addition the results
of analysis of the environmental samples
conducted by OPCW designated
laboratories demonstrated the presence
of this toxic chemical in the samples
finally the results of analysis by the
OPCW designated laboratories of
environmental and biomedical samples
collected by the OPCW tiv team confirmed
the findings of the United Kingdom
relating to the identity of the toxic
chemical that was used on 4th of March
in South Korea the TIV team has noted
that the toxic chemicals in question was
of high purity mr. president
based on the results of the sample
analysis by full OPCW designated
laboratory's the OPCW Technical
Secretariat prepared a report containing
and elaborating on the information I
just shared this report was transmitted
to the United Kingdom and
upon the requested of request of the
United Kingdom to all other states
parties of the CWC on 12th of April the
OPCW has also prepared and made publicly
available a summary of this report
speaking today at a meeting of the OPCW
Executive Council the director-general
underscored that the reliability and
technical capabilities of the OPCW
designated in laboratories have been
subject to close-in rigorous scrutiny
over the years
he added that States Parties to the
Chemical Weapons Convention can be
assured of the credibility and integrity
of this Network he further noted that
the work of the ta V in relation to this
incident was carried out independently
by the OPCW without involvement or
support of other states parties and that
it was not part of the United Kingdom's
own internal investigation mr. president
distinguished members of the Council the
secretary-general has expressed his deep
concern by the assessment that a nerve
agent was employed in a targeted manner
aimed at inflicting harm or death the
secretary-general has also on many
occasions expressed his support for the
work of the OPCW in this regard he
welcomed the request by the United
Kingdom to independently verify the
toxic chemical that was used in this
incident the use of nerve agents or any
other chemical weapons by any party
under any circumstances is unacceptable
and a serious violation of international
law I thank you very much for your
attention
Jericho
I thank miss naka Mitsu for her briefing
I now give the thought to those council
members who wish to make statements I
give the floor to the representative of
the United Kingdom thank you very much
mr. president thank you very much to the
High Representative who has read out the
findings and thank you also on behalf of
the United Kingdom to the OPCW and its
staff themselves the council invited us
to keep it updated mr. president
thank you for agreeing to this meeting
today we wish to brief on the latest
stage in the investigation but I will
also cover briefly findings attribution
and a refutation of some of the public
statements that have been made by Russia
against my country this meeting is being
held immediately after 1:00 in the Hague
that the High Representative referred to
of the Executive Council of the OPCW and
I would just like to stress if I may mr.
president that the report itself has
been circulated without any redaction or
amendment to the States Parties and to
underscore the point I'd like to stress
that the report to Executive Council
members is exactly the same report that
the United Kingdom itself received as
the High Representative has set out the
opcw's findings confirmed the United
Kingdom's analysis of the identity of
the toxic chemical it supports our
finding that a military-grade nerve
agent was used in Salisbury as our
investigation has found an OPCW has
verified the highest concentrations of
the agent were found on the handle of
mr. scruples front door
it is therefore mr. president the
chemical that we said it was and this
has been confirmed by an independent
mechanism I'd like to just say a word
about the use of the term navi chuck
this is a term we use to describe these
chemicals we take the Russian term for
such nerve agents the OPCW report itself
does not use the term Navi jock but the
point I wish to stress is that it is the
chemical that we said it was and so
there shouldn't be any lack of clarity
on that point the report sets out the
full forensic Chain of Custody it sets
out how there could be no contamination
it explains how environmental samples
were analyzed by two laboratories and
biomedical samples by two further
laboratories finally the report notes
the absence of any significant amounts
of impurities in the chemicals that were
detected high purity is a description
given in the executive summary in
paragraph 11 this suggests in turn
there's a highly sophisticated
laboratory IEA's state laboratory made
the chemicals the identification of the
nave nerve agent used is an essential
piece of technical evidence in the
ongoing investigation but the portion
down analysis and the OPCW report do not
identify the country or laboratory of
origin of the agent used in this attack
so I would like to explain mr. president
the wider picture which has led the
United Kingdom to assess that there's no
plausible alternative explanation than
Russian state responsibility for what
happened in Salisbury in our view mr.
president
only Russia had the technical means
operational experience and the motive to
target the speed powers if I may turn
first to technical means a combination
of credible open-source reporting and
intelligence shows that in the 1980s the
Soviet Union developed a new class of
fourth-generation nerve agents these
were known in Russia and then more
broadly as Navi shocks the key Institute
responsible for this work is a branch of
the State Institute for organic
chemistry and technology at
akane the code word for the offensive
chemical weapons program of which nabhi
chakra for one part was folly and it is
highly likely that nabi trucks were
developed to prevent detection by the
west and to circumvent international
chemical weapons controls the russian
state has previously produced navi
trucks and would still be capable of
doing so today within the last decade
russia has produced and stockpiled small
quantities of navi trucks Russia's
chemical weapons program continued after
the collapse of the Soviet Union by 1993
when Russia signed the Chemical Weapons
Convention it's likely that some knobby
trucks had passed acceptance testing
this meant they could be used by the
Russian military Russia's CWC
declaration failed to report work on
Navi chokes Russia further developed
some knobby trucks after ratifying the
convention and in the mid-2000s
President Putin himself was closely
involved in the Russian chemical weapons
program it is highly unlikely mr.
president that any former Soviet
republic other than Russia pursued an
offensive chemical weapons program after
independence no terrorist group or
non-state actor would be able to produce
this agent in the purity described by
the OCW testing and this is something
Russia has acknowledged secondly mr.
president I'd like to refer to
operational experience Russia has a
proven record of conducting
state-sponsored assassination including
on the territory of the United Kingdom
the independent inquiry into the death
of Alexander Litvinenko concluded in
January 2016 that he was deliberately
poisoned with polonium that the FSB had
directed the operation and that
President Putin probably approved it
during the 2000s Russia commenced a
program to test means of delivering
chemical warfare agents and to train
personnel from special units in the use
of such weapons this program
subsequently included investigation of
ways of delivering
of agents including by application to
door handles within the last decade as I
said Russia has produced and stockpiled
small quantities of navi trucks under
this program thirdly motive sergey
sqweep l was a foreman russia military
intelligence officer from the GRU
he was convicted of espionage in 2006 it
is highly likely that the Russian
intelligence services view at least some
of its defectors as legitimate targets
for investigation in assassination
we have information indicating Russian
intelligence service interest in the
screep Al's and this dates back as far
as 2013 at least as far as 2013 when
email accounts belonging to Yulia
scruple were targeted by GRU cyber
specialists mr. president none of these
stocks and production have been declared
in russia's CW declaration it is clear
that Russia is in breach of its
obligations to declare its CW program
I'd now like to turn if I may mr.
president to an update on the scree Pals
themselves and their medical condition
and the consular situation and then also
on the investigation itself the Russians
asked us to pass on the offer to provide
consular services to Yulia and their
request to see her and we have done that
Yulia herself said in a statement on 11
of April I have access to my friends and
family I have been made aware of my
specific contacts at the Russian embassy
who have kindly offered me their
assistance in any way they can
at the moment I do not wish to avail
myself of their services but if I change
my mind I know how to contact them a
medical update from the medical director
at Salisbury District Hospital in the
four weeks since the incident in the
city center thus peoples have received
round-the-clock care from clinicians and
they have been able to draw on advice
and support from world leading experts
in this field
because of the scree piles right to
privacy I will not go into great detail
about the treatment we have been
providing but we can say the following
nerve agents work by attaching
themselves to a particular enzyme in the
body which then stops the nerves from
working properly this results in
symptoms such as sickness hallucinations
and confusion the hospital in treating
the patients was able to stabilize them
ensuring that the patients could breathe
and blood could continue to circulate
they then needed to use a variety of
different drugs to support the patients
until they could create more enzymes to
replace those affected by the poisoning
the hospital also used specialized
decontamination techniques to remove any
residual toxins both patients have
responded exceptionally well to the
treatment that we have been providing
but both patients are at different
stages in their recovery
turning to decontamination and the
investigation as we have said before
this has been one of the most
comprehensive and complex investigations
into the use of chemical weapons ever
undertaken it has involved 250 police
detectives they have been supported by a
range of experts and partners and they
have gone through more than 5000 hours
of video footage and they have
interviewed more than 500 witnesses the
British government announced on 17 April
that decontamination work in Salisbury
is starting this week it will take some
months to complete in total nine sites
including three in the city
I wrecked two general explained in his
statement today that a separate sample
separate from the samples taken from the
scree pearls and their environment a
separate sample with be said in it was
sent with the samples taken from
Salisbury to the designated laboratories
for testing this is called a controlled
sample and it is a routine procedure
carried out in these tests so OPCW can
test whether the labs findings are
accurate the director-general has
complained today that a separate sample
separate from effort from the samples
taken from the squeaky pals and their
environment a separate sample with be
said in it was sent with the samples
taken from Salisbury to the designated
laboratories for testing this is called
a controlled sample and it is a routine
procedure carried out in these tests so
OPCW can test whether the labs findings
are accurate the director-general has
confirmed unreservedly that there was no
be said in any of the samples taken by
OPCW in Salisbury I believe mr.
president that Russia is fully familiar
with this procedure so I would be
grateful to know what motive mr. Lavrov
had in setting out this obfuscation mr.
president Russia continues to be asked
to be involved in the UK's independent
investigation it is quite clear that
they are both suspected of involvement
and that their behavior has undermined
their credibility on this as I said
before this is an assistant firefighter
trying to investigate his own fire
Russia has failed to establish any good
reason under the CWC or otherwise why
they should be involved in the UK's
independent police investigation but if
I may mr. president I repeat what I said
at the first briefing in this council
that I took part in on Salisbury we did
go to
the Russian Federation before we went to
OPCW to ask them if this was a raga
tournament by one of their agents and if
so to cooperate with us in trying to get
to the bottom of it and resolve the case
and the Russian Federation did not agree
to that request mr. president
rather they refused to take it seriously
on 13 April the Russian Federation
transmitted to the United Kingdom a list
of questions under article 9 of the
Chemical Weapons Convention we will
respond as soon as possible and
certainly within the ten days stipulated
in the Convention we will respond to
Russia who made the request but we will
share our response with all states
parties and if I can under the CWC mr.
president I will of course share it with
members of the council Russia said that
their requests were urgent and they have
asked us for an answer by the later than
17th April which we have not done
because we have 10 days but we regret
that Russia did not consider it urgent
when we asked them for an explanation on
12th of March our questions mr.
president remain unanswered mr.
president that concludes the briefing I
have to offer the council today
we are at the council's disposal to
answer any questions we are also very
willing to continue to keep the council
that dated if the council would like
that we're happy to do that in person or
possibly so it's not to distract me or
possibly so it's not to disrupt your
timetable or possibly so it's not to
disrupt your timetable in the General
Assembly and we had a number in the
General Assembly and we had a number
United Kingdom for our statement and
I'll go the whole United Kingdom for our
statement and I'll give a thought
first of all we wish to thank
first of all we wish to thank reports of
which we take note report of which we
take note didn't mr. president
Bolivia believes didn't mr. president
Bolivia believes he knows action against
international peace heinous action
against international peace this any use
of chemical weapons there's any use of
chemical weapons against the provisions
in the convention own against the
provisions in the Convention on two
states it is important for this model
two states it is important for this
model and sure to keep the credibility
of this international instrument and
sure to keep the credibility of this
international instrument the send any
investigation should be conducted in
strict the send any investigation should
be conducted in strict all of the
Chemical Weapons Convention provisions
all of the chemical weapon convention
provision mention establishes this
investigation must be brought mention
establishes this investigation must be
brought lastly mr. president is
essential that the parties last say mr.
president is essential that the parties
respect and bilateral cooperation making
it possible to resolve respect and
bilateral cooperation making it possible
to resolve very much I think they're
presented Bolivia for a statement very
much I
there wasn't a Bolivia for a statement
thank you i representative not commit
sue for your brief
thank you high representative not commit
sue for your brief five times to discuss
the pennant report that confirmed the
United Kingdom's lab analysis of the
toxic chemical that was used in
Salisbury three people were seriously
injured hundreds were exposed this act
was brazen and in complete defiance of
the international consensus against the
use of chemical weapons as we have
stated previously the United States
agrees with the UK's assessment that
Russia is responsible for the chemical
weapons in Salisbury whether that is in
their direct act or irresponsibly losing
control of the agent which could be
worse our support for our British
friends and colleagues is unwavering
Douma and Salisbury are just the two
latest incidents involving the use of
chemical weapons around the world they
offer us a reminder that these are
weapons of terror
they are indiscriminate they had no
place in the civilized world we hope our
colleagues on this council will join us
as they have before in delivering a
clear condemnation of the use of a
Russian nerve agent on another member
soil because unless we stop this now
there will be more death and more scenes
that nobody wants to see there is
nothing more troubling than the idea
that the use of a weapon of mass
destruction becomes routine last year it
was Malaysia and khan shaykhun
last month it was Salisbury last week it
was duma if we don't come together soon
and take a firm unequivocal stance
against this deadly trend the next
attack will come and it could very well
come closer to home for one of us then
of course it will be too late too late
for the victims too late for the wounded
sir
too late for the women and children this
is a matter of basic morality we cannot
in good conscience allow this to
continue Thank You mr. president for the
briefing on this very important and the
circumstances which occurred for March
lastly I also thank the heart the Center
for the summer mint affairs madam
nagamitsu for her highly informative
president following the hostile act on 4
March the day after friends voiced its
full solidarity with the United Kingdom
here I wish to renew and reiterate this
solidarity we stated that we
unreservedly shared the British analysis
according to which on the one hand it
was highly likely that the Russian
Federation was responsible for the
attack and on in the hand that there is
that there was no other plausible
explanation for the attempted murder
against suitcase people and his daughter
from this we drew the relevant
conclusions here I wish to welcome the
United Kingdom's desire to be
transparent and the way they conducted
this issue fully in line with the
relevant provisions of the Chemical
Weapons Convention investigations for an
event which takes place to play an
independent and impartial these were
fully upheld and respected on matter
which brings us together today support
for the Director General and the teams
whose commitment and professionalism
I commend the results of the OPCW has
been briefed
speak now for themselves they confirm
British conclude
Asians high-quality chemical agent
Novakovich considered to be military in
terms of production was indeed used in
Salisbury against CJ's people and with
his daughter the specific features of
this chemical agent have been
independently identified by each of the
OPCW designated laboratories
specifically its high level of purity a
point to a degree of know-how which a
state alone can master its production
and its use require sophisticated
material and expertise that takes time
to develop in the light of this
information possible motivations and
precedents on British soil the United
Kingdom legitimately requested the
Russian Federation that they respond to
a number of questions these questions
have all been left without response for
more than a month now we hence call upon
brush once again given at it a Shores
that wish to cooperate to without delay
respond to the British questions Russia
needs to provide all the necessary
clarifications feasibly the possible
development of such a chemical weapons
program
mr. president the proliferation of
chemical weapons attack universal
conscience international law and it
imperils our security not merely grave
affront to the international community
into this council brings and raises a
risk of a horrific backsliding from all
of us let us be clear cited in Salisbury
in Duma and indeed them all the longest
standing most robust pillars of our
collective security which are
deliberately being imperiled and breach
and this while the body is responsible
for setting out and enforcing of the law
are seeing their operations undermined
this is the heart of the matter let us
not be mistaken those who obstruct our
action those who violate their
obligation
those who deceive with respect to their
commitments those who deliberately stage
disinformation campaigns those who
distort the facts seem to devise and
mislead public opinions assume the
responsibility for a serious
normalization of chemical weapons use
beyond this they fuel the risk of
undermining the non-proliferation regime
at a time when they themselves are
supposed to be its custodians French
first hand France endured the
devastating impacts of chemical weapons
use during the first world war we will
never tolerate their use to be left
unpunished be it in Syria in Europe or
elsewhere as is the case each time a
chemical weapon was used to guard the
sofware regardless of by hmm all right
must be shed on the circumstances and
perpetrators must be held to account
however that is not enough we must do
everything possible to stamp out the
grave threat of normalization of
chemical offenses
this must be our priority it must be our
shared priorities this is the thrust of
the partnership which we launched in
cars 28 states and organizations join
those partnerships for over the past
week alone given such a threat or
collective security there can be no room
for impunity that true is an aim for our
production on the Syrian dossier the
repeated use of chemical weapons
undermines international law it
challenges our ability to safeguard the
values principles and rules which
undergirds the United Nations and our
actions because these are the very
foundations of our security which are
under threatening because we must rise
to and fulfill our commitments and our
responsibilities there is no other
acceptable nor possible option than to
come together together we must restore
the essential terrible vanning chemical
weapons it let us together tread this
demanding path you may rest assured of
France's commitment to that and
alongside of our partners thank you they
call the president
I think the representative for her
briefing relating to a source for
incident since it took place in the UK
we stand within the framework of OPCW
with the provisions of the Chemical
Weapons Convention I wish to reiterate
live on that China is firmly opposed to
the use of chemical weapons by any state
any organization or any individual any
circumstances categorical and consistent
position on the true Yadav
we have noted she has produced a report
on technical assistance relating to
source for incidents don't you meanwhile
we have also that the court is concerned
to come to can actions are required to
determine the nature of the incident and
the parties to be held accountable
China believes what should be done is to
carry out comprehensive objective and
impartial investigations and on the
basis of solid evidence draw conclusions
that can stand the test of facts and
history under the current circumstances
the parties should continue their
consultations and carry out further
investigations so as to find out the
truth mr. president what do you share
with the international community facing
numerous challenges should reject the
Cold War mentality
join hands to maintain what peace
stability and security remain to me
to a new type of international relations
based on mutual respect equity justice
and win-win cooperation and building a
community of shared future for mankind
idea council members in particular
should remain united so as to jointly
fulfill the responsibility of
maintaining world peace and security
Thank You mr. president Poland Thank You
mr. president
I would like to thank high
representative miss is Amina commit so
for her report mr. president
Poland already previously expressed its
grave concern on the use of a nerve
agent in the attempt to murder mr.
Sergei is crippled and his daughter miss
yulia's crippled on March 4 2018 in
Salisbury UK the OPCW report confirmed
findings of the British port on down
laboratory on the agent used in
Salisbury it is clearly indicating that
reaction of international community
supporting the UK was appropriate we are
grateful to the British government for
sharing in the spirit of transparency
the results of technical assistance
visit we also thank the OPCW leadership
and the TV's the technical assistance
visit members for outstanding and
professional work than in this regard
mr. president let me recall that the
European Council has agreed unanimously
with the United Kingdom's
Kingdom government's assessment that it
is highly likely that the Russian
Federation is responsible for this
incident in this situation we repeat our
call on Russia to address legitimate
questions raised by the British
government and now corroborated by
results of the OPCW ta v's report and to
provide immediate full and
complete disclosure to the OPCW of any
program with relevance to the case
mr. president Poland would like to
restate its strong conviction that those
responsible for the use of chemical
weapons must be identified and held
accountable the incident in Salisbury is
yet another example of violation of the
international law and the provision of
the Convention on the prohibition of
chemical weapons as we said many times
no such act can be left unanswered since
it undermines not only the basic sense
of justice and in consequence of all of
us 118 dating 1328 madam Jamis British
Prime Minister following the events
which took place on 18 in Sellersburg we
also think for disarmament Affairs
confirm the identity 18 which led to the
poisoning and hospitality report with
all states parties to the convention and
to the summary to shed full light we
invited the very strange and
mr. president we thank high
representative mark omitsu for giving us
an update on the current status of the
ongoing investigation of this incident
we would also like to share the
following observations Khalistan is
carefully following the developments of
this resonant case which is undoubtedly
a blatant and unacceptable crime by
using chemical weapons at the same time
it is clear today that there is no any
conclusive results reached to identify
those responsible for it and the case
definitely requires further objective
and transparent investigation to find
out all the circumstances of the crime
unfortunately the subject of the use of
chemical weapons has become a regular
item on the agenda of the Security
Council at the same time it turns out
turns out is also the Achilles heel of
the council as it is becoming
increasingly difficult for us to make a
judgement since we are not experts here
on chemical substances used in this
particular case it is also hard to
maintain a constructive dialogue and
show goodwill in order to reach balanced
and consensual decisions because of
increased polarization around it
the confrontational spirit and rhetoric
in the council are being transferred to
other foreign platform including The
Hague discourse where the CWC member
states are also becoming derided and
faced obstacles and holding professional
and exclusively technical discussions on
such highly important concerns leading
countries leading country still cannot
find a compromise and reason for
negotiations to build mechanisms for
countering threats of chemical weapons
it is regrettable that this type of
weapons of mass destruction which was
supposed to really go down in history as
a rudiment of the past century is being
used again as a country affected by the
consequences of WMD we remain firmly
committed to the fight against the use
of chemical weapons and are ready to
take a constructive part in the
development of the investigative tool
current counts on and looks forward and
going comprehensive objective and
transparent investigation of the
incident in accordance with the existing
norms of international law we call on
all concerned parties to exercise
restraint and not take hasty actions
without providing full and irrefutable
evidence of the involvement or
culpability of one side or the other
the OPCW now has been even more
complicated but very crucial task to
render all possible assistance to
resolve the tense relations between the
member states of the convention the
organization has to realize its
important role as an objective and
impartial mediator it is the best and
most qualified advocate for the
non-proliferation agenda patient
dialogue and constructive cooperation
from all sides
are the main factors to achieve best
results the council as the main body for
ensuring international peace and
security should not allow divergent
positions on the threats of WMD from
escalating into conference and high
tensions that could derail the work of
this council
I think of Sweden Thank You mr.
president
let me begin by also thanking the UK for
taking the initiative to update the
council today I also thank the High
Representative assuming unique omitsu
for her comprehensive briefing mr.
president Sweden has been clear in
condemning in the strongest term the
attempted murder
of individuals on you United Kingdom
soil using a nerve agent we fully stand
by the common new position on this
matter and we share the United Kingdom's
government's assessment that is highly
likely that the Russian Federation is
responsible and that there is no other
plausible alternative explanation we
reiterate our strong solidarity with the
United Kingdom a close friend and
European Union partner and our support
for its own going investigation we
welcome the open and transparent manner
in which the United Kingdom has
approached this matter including by
arranging an open briefing yesterday for
all Member States we welcome also the
continued cooperation between the United
Kingdom and the OPCW in full conformity
with the Chemical Weapons Convention
we appreciate the opcw's prompt reaction
to the United Kingdom's request and its
professional work sweden has full
confidence in the authority findings of
the OPCW which confirmed the chemical
identity of the toxic chemical this is a
matter of utmost concern we reiterate
our call on the Russian Federation to
answer the questions posed by the United
Kingdom let me take this opportunity to
underline our full support to the OPCW
the independent organization charged
with overseeing the chemical weapons ban
mr. president we once again condemned in
the strongest term the use of all
chemical weapons which is repugnant and
strictly prohibited under international
law we need to be vigilant in our
efforts to ensure that the integrity of
the chemical weapons ban is respected I
thank you thank you very much mr.
president
Kingdom Come party also thank you
conclusions
Thank You mr. president we thank the UK
for taking the initiative to convene
this meeting we also appreciate the
briefing by High Representative Izumi
commit so
the OPCW is indeed the appropriate in
international body to deal with this
issue the incident in Salisbury the
surrounding incident we know that it has
presented its report on the activities
carried out in support of a request for
technical assistance by the UK in
relation to the incident we also
followed the 59th meeting of the
Executive Council of the OPCW where this
issue was discussed in the morning at
The Hague
we take note of what the Director
General of the OPCW said in his opening
statement with regard to questions
arising on the result of the analysis
assuring that the OPCW will continue to
use the executive council meetings or
briefings to inform the state parties
about its activities and to clarify
certain points which need to be
addressed indeed
this issue is very sensitive and its
implication for global peace and
security so grave that it is vital that
the OPCW does so and we appreciate its
work we agree that preserving the
credibility and integrity of
international regime on the use of
chemical weapons is indeed vital for
global peace and security of course we
understand the work of the OPCW
technical team was limited to
identifying the toxic chemical used as
was discussed at the Executive Council
meeting today the OPCW report did not
identify the country or laboratory of
origin of the agent used in this attack
that therefore it remains important that
a thorough professional and independent
investigation is undertaken we believe
this is absolutely necessary to get to
the bottom of the truth and bring those
responsible to justice
this said what is clear from the Solis
very incident and all the other chemical
weapons attacks which have happened in
the recent past is that the use of
chemical weapons is being normalized and
the international norm on this issue is
being seriously undermined this will be
extremely worrying to us all the use of
chemical weapons by any actors under any
circumstances is totally unacceptable
and we reiterate our strongest
condemnation but we know and understand
that we can only be able to address this
serious challenge if there is the
necessary cooperation among us all and
if we abide by the rules that we have
set for ourselves in all transparency
and fidelity to the truth I thank you
the Netherlands Thank You mr. president
and I'd like to start by thanking the
High Representative for disarmament
Affairs Izumi not commit sue for her
briefing mr. president the Kingdom of
the Netherlands welcomes the update
provided by the permanent representative
of the United Kingdom on the latest
developments in the follow-up to the
shocking chemical weapon attack that
took place in Salisbury last month I
will make three points firstly to
reiterate our condemnation of the attack
and reaffirm our solidarity with the UK
second to welcome the clarity provided
by the independent findings of the OPCW
and thirdly to urge the Russian
Federation to change its course and to
cooperate fully mr. president my first
point the unacceptable nature of the
attack at both the previous meeting is
on this matter we expressed our shock
about the reckless attack with a
military-grade nerve agent on British
soil the Kingdom of the Netherlands has
strongly condemned this attack in this
council and on many other occasions the
Kingdom Kingdom of the Netherlands
stands in full solidarity with the
United Kingdom and fully subscribes to
the conclusions of the European Council
of March 22nd mr. president my second
point last Thursday at the specific
request of the United Kingdom the full
report of the organisation for the
prohibition of chemical weapons was
shared with all member states of the
OPCW this report can containing the
analysis of environmental and biome
biomechanical samples has been carried
out at the request of the area of the
United Kingdom in doing so the United
Kingdom has acted in full accordance
with OPCW procedures as has been
confirmed by the director-general of the
OPCW we appreciate the transparency
observed by the United Kingdom in this
process the opcw's independent analysis
confirmed the findings of 30 of the
authorities of the United Kingdom the
attack of Yulia and Sergei is crippled
was carried out with the use of a
specific type of Nova took
this fact is now beyond any dispute
we welcome the clarity that the OPCW
report has provided my third point mr.
president the need for Russian
cooperation the findings of the OPCW
report have made it even more evident
than before that it is highly likely
that the Russian Federation bears
responsibility for the attack
there is no plausible alternative
explanation in this light it is not
helpful that the authorities of the
Russian fairy Federation continued to
disseminate alternative implausible
versions of the events in Salisbury
likewise we do not approve of attempts
by the Russian Federation at the OPCW
and elsewhere to create procedural
hurdles for the United Kingdom's
authorities to carry out their follow-up
to this chemical attack on their
sovereign soil we urged the Russian
Federation to change its course and to
cooperate fully we urge the Russian
Federation to provide the United Kingdom
with all information - unanswered
questions about the course of events in
Salisbury on March 4th
now we call upon the Russian Federation
to cooperate with efforts to bring those
responsible to justice and we urged the
Russian Federation to provide full
disclosure of its Nova Chowk program to
the OPCW in conclusion mr. president any
use of chemical weapons constitute a
threat to international law recent
security that is unacceptable
I reiterate our call for full
accountability for this horrific crime
shukran see the race podiatry
to the people of the United Kingdom and
we supported in all measures to be taken
with the investigation the city of
greatest goodness of importance using
international law preserving
international peace and security in
accordance with the parties concerned to
cooperate with all of the ongoing
investigations and in accordance with
the provisions of the CW wait for a
state
Thank You mr. president we are grateful
to Madame nakamise so for her briefing
watch and we are very very grateful to
the British side for having convened
today's we were eager to hold this
meeting however unfortunately you will
know we have not heard anything today
when I listen to some of my colleagues
I'm under the impression that this is no
longer Alice in Wonderland Alice beyond
the looking glass something which our
Western partners are not interested in
not only on this matter I need a
solution they are not listening they do
not listen they do not hear us it's
called temporal homo and you see this
new universe to push the period which
you would know today one heard the same
attempted to use to mislead the
international community did not even
away to us for the questions which it
put to us once again let me recall the
fact just for information for questions
that the UK's provided with the same
24-hour ultimatum with a single question
why did you do this
repeat response to respond to the
questions you can cooperate with the
United Kingdom yes perhaps you can
submit them to us since the UK is not
providing them us we would be very
grateful for that
we heard because the same selection of
baseless accusations underpinned
allegedly by the authority of the OPCW I
will state right away the report has
nothing babs would hold the British to
substantiate their mendacious version
about Russian involvement into the
incident in the incident in seoul's
lorry what is most important that is not
included there and which the United
Kingdom is so keen to see was so keen to
see is a conclusion that the substance
used in Salisbury was made in Russia
on a contrary by the OPCW only confirms
that such a substance any laboratory
equipped with irrelevant equipment
standard for this toxic compound there
are such laboratories both on UK soil in
Portland down in the United States so
event in a host of other countries the
formula for the substance has been known
from 1998 when it was incorporated in
the database of the US Army Edgewood
chemical biological Center Center for a
defense research and equipment of the
u.s. army and development moreover as a
result search on Google patents looking
at the keyword Nova cha would one can
find more than 100 patents issued from
exposure of this toxic chemical lamented
the gentle soul village too
fundable from the girls in solar and for
March a month and two weeks have already
passed this is a story with white stains
that is that is threaded together with
white thread and there is no they are
proliferating with stunning speed London
is not transparent in have been they
have been an integral picture of what
took place at that point with this
ranking 'dom has simply classify this
information virginia nor was an
exception they report from the technical
assistance OPCW potato
which which is one and half pages even
Portland down identified
London preferred to close in the opcw's
rules of confidentiality that is clear
to us of including aligns with the
conclusions we previously we're
contaminated nor about Nicholas Bailey
from the good news to you nor
information about the mystery of their
illness nor xoring information on the
methods for their treatment the alleged
a creator of the lemurs ayianna
highly unstable in liquid form nearly
three weeks after the incident
can you mentioned that 10 times more
deadly for some victims after seven
hours pass and other victims
instantaneously you put your mug there
and why then slow woman thank God
not the effects were not deadly
a portland town are talking about
different toxic chemicals undecayed a
toxic chemical was not discovered who
will receive the more potent
contamination with that victim we did
not see the same nerve agents but also
may indirectly point with high
likelihood it is highly likely in
portland down a lot of the the victim
was injected the prior to when when when
when when he entered an artificial coma
in connection with wish there was no
time for him to enter biochemical to
engage in a biochemical reaction as a
result and important question begs to be
asked when i quoted a more johnson
samples in portland down of a 24 respond
to conduct an investigation for
protective purposes which are not
included in the relevant OPCW list the
OPCW for the fourth review conference of
the world with information about their
research
to the fact that this will not be done
at all interested in as time goes by
into proper if not one investigation or
is it a final conclusions of Scotland
Yard bodies to tailor their
investigation to with article 9 and what
they sell there is no other meaning they
shall or should and we know
provide clarification as to when not be
mandatory in basic nature and would be
very constructive this will work here at
the article 9 have been on the for march
incident in Seoul to the British through
the OPCW Technical Secretariat to adopt
measures and council meeting in line
with providing for a for change for
amendments to the chemicals annexed to
the list and its precursors and put it
under this systematic oversight and
control of the samples of this toxic
groundless allegations against the
Russian Federation in breach of
allegations of breaching obligations
under the chemical if it's convention
mr. president against the Russian
Federation on the so-called
the norms of international law are being
floated Bravo whoops
the rules are being floated principles
and laws of diplomacy are being good
common sense basic courtesies are being
undermined against the deafening silence
statements from the very beginning which
were targeted by a major deafening
inconsistencies are their plantings
and does not even it does not intend to
a refute in any way we see the red
herring
said what once again I state that this
is a complete lie and the numerous and
consistencies in accusations only
published opinion have no problems with
disseminating their mendacious
allegations put to questions to us sort
of 47 questions to the British here they
are just each now here the bull
otherwise
we step away from this evidence from
their home her whereabouts are unknown
shedding light on the following
slanderous allegations to categorically
make a statement to discuss the working
methods UK colleagues went even further
in a chemical military without any
references without any puzzle from
is spent on chemical weapons programs
and all conceivable he is a highly
trusted individual he is very restrained
questions as follows why and the
responses are banal in their clarity and
its role on the international are timely
for the UK on the eve of brexit and that
is the substance of the matter to delve
into classics
naívi them up when you might be william
of course our shakespeare suspicions
always haunts the guilty nicely
otherwise it is not convincing and
honestly we feel bad we feel bad for you
the continuation of this this very
interesting series was referred to then
we are poised inist falsification of
your lies and cannot done with the
technical mission of the OPCW we will
continue to demand the full picture of
the fact of course there's chemistry in
this whole issue from the word being sly
and cunning
so in Russian he Meacham is the word
chemistry means and and you did you did
dig yourselves this hole and it's quite
good we see how cunning you are we agree
with you there will be no and the
population of the United Kingdom
thank you very much mr. president I will
be brief I was asked a number of
questions by the Russian ambassador I
have nothing to add to what I said in
relation to the OPCW report that has
just been published the way the samples
were taken I've nothing to add to what I
said on the consular side I would like
to stress that the investigation in the
United Kingdom is indeed independent of
the government on selective adarand's -
OPCW or the Chemical Weapons Convention
we are a state party in very good
standing important down we UK does not
possess chemical weapons Porton Down is
a defensive establishment it conducts
research it provides scientific and
technical support to the UK government
in relation to protection against
chemical weapons protective research is
permitted under the Chemical Weapons
Convention port and down is in full
compliance with the Convention and it is
subject to regular inspection by OPCW
and any Member State
is invited is able to conduct an
inspection at any time we received 16
questions from the Russian Federation
under article 9 mister president of OPCW
the rules and Articles of OPCW make it
clear that we have 10 days to respond
and we will respond mr. president on
President Putin I am happy to clarify
that I was referring to the early 2000s
on Litvinenko the polonium trail
literally led all the way back to Russia
I repeat something I've said before mr.
president we respect Russia as a country
we have no quarrel with the Russian
people but we will always speak out
against Russian authorities reckless and
illegal behavior whether it takes place
in Syria or it takes place in Salisbury
finally mr. president when it gets to
Christmas I would like to buy my
colleague the Russian ambassador a
subscription to an English book club but
as it isn't Christmas allow me to return
the literary favor
today the Russian account of UK behavior
and what is happening on the ground in
either Salisbury or Syria is a rewrite
of George Orwell's 1984 updated for the
modern day and modern Russian methods
thank you the meeting is adjourned
