Russia says the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons cannot
identify the country or the laboratory
of origin of the nerve agent used in the
scrapping well let's go live now to
nadir Oh two Jews in London for us with
the latest nadir has been a lot of
twists and turns in this story hasn't
there what do we know so far yeah dan
you say twists and turns I say a barrage
of accusations from both sides it's
getting really heated again the OPCW
they conducted a closed-door session at
the headquarters in The Hague and during
that closed-door session delegates were
actually tweeting their statement inside
and so we got a steady trickle of what
was going on there including extracts
from what the UK representative to the
OPCW was saying now in response to that
Russia has responded by releasing a
rather strong statement off the back of
those comments that would leak during
that meeting which propel which were
portrayed by that UK representative and
what he was actually saying about Russia
now two of those points which I've got
here from the Russian perspective that
has come out of that Russian statement
is that Russia has answered all the UK's
questions with regards to Salisbury and
secondly Russia has provided proof that
nava chart was produced and painted
patented in the US as a chemical weapon
back in 2015 from the British side their
representative to the OPCW he repeated
the government's line saying that it's
highly likely that Moscow was behind the
attack and the reasoning behind that
they said was that no one else has the
means or the motive to do so so you can
see what's happening there when we had a
look at the full statement and from what
we can decipher there appears to be
confirmation from the British side that
there was indeed no information about
the source of where the nerve agent came
from so let's have a quick listen to
what was said
neither DST ELLs analysis nor the opcw's
report identifies the country or
laboratory of the origin of the agent
used in this attack
there is no applause ball turns of
explanation for what happened in
Salisbury then Russian state
responsibilities we believe that only
Russia had the technical means
operational experience and the motive to
target the scruples we have waited for a
long time counting on our British
colleagues to after all provides some
proof any sorts of facts for their
strong statements the British side
continues to spread absolutely unfounded
accusations dropping ever newer and
sometimes bizarre versions of what
happened so you heard what we said a
little insight into what was said by
both representatives there the British
and the Russian representatives to the
OPCW the British are sticking to their
line and they're saying that they have
other sources that give them the
evidence they need and that's their
justification Russia in this statement
that I've been describing
I have retaliated with a very strong
accusation on I'll just outline this
quickly for you sure Gil has outlined us
that in his statement what he
effectively calls eight lies that have
been circulated by the British
authorities involved in investigating
the script whole case some of those lies
that he's outlined says he says that
Russia not answering questions from the
UK to which he said they have a UK
following the OPCW rulebook Russia
refusing to cooperate
he said that Russia has always tried to
set up a joint investigation there and
there's a couple more here Russia
inventing versions to distract attention
and Russia claimed to be targeting
deserters living abroad so let's clarify
today there is no definitive independent
evidence that categorically points to
the fact that Russia was the source of
that nerve agent or that the attack was
ordered by the Kremlin so despite the
lack of that definitive evidence from
the Russian perspective they feel that
it's being widely ignored
Arty's Anadyr atutor there it seems of
course six weeks now since that event
took place were no closer to finding out
what really happened in that incident
Nadira - they're from London now experts
have told us they're not surprised that
the OPCW probe didn't identify the exact
origin of the nerve agent my
understanding under the Chemical Weapons
Convention it was indeed the job of the
OPCW to try and establish where these
weapons come from but it's very
difficult if they are claiming it came
from some former Soviet laboratory then
they do need to allow the Russian
government to have access to some of
these samples to try and test it to see
if they can find the strain that it
might have come from but having said
that as I mentioned before it's been
established that the the formula if
these agents have been out there they've
been published in a book that was still
available or Amazon up until a couple of
weeks ago it can determine the
laboratory from which any any nerve
agent any given their region or
substance was produced but they can but
even if they can determine the
laboratory that does not mean that the
laboratory in the country the country in
which the laboratory is located is
responsible these nerve agents can be
stolen but obviously in this case they
have not been able to even determine the
laboratory in which this particular
nerve agent was produced so this just
adds more education to the narrative
that's being spun
