the lack of concrete proof that the
attack took place has been raised by
some officials and academics but such
questions are often dismissed for
example take a look at this BBC
interview if he has used chemical
weapons is absolutely right to do a rap
across his knuckles but I just wonder
you know we've had some bad experiences
on intelligence given that we're in an
information war with Russia on so many
fronts do you think perhaps it's
inadvisable to be stating this so
publicly given your your position and
your profile isn't there a danger that
your muddying the waters that was
retired senior officer of the Royal Navy
Allen West questioning whether there was
enough intelligence to claim Assad was
using chemical weapons
the BBC presenter suggested such
comments should not be made publicly
because they fall into line with the
official position of Moscow we've
requested a comment from the channel we
will let you know if they respond
however not just the BBC The Times
newspaper published an article labeling
those who have questioned the evidence
of the attack as Assad apologists RTZ
Sally has been taking a closer look one
of the people pointed out or singled out
in that Times article is Louis all day
The Times said that he had written a
tweet calling into question the accounts
of previous chemical attacks mister all
day has since gone on Twitter and shown
that he never sent that tweet and has
demanded an apology from The Times
another example is Tim Hayward he's
another academic here in the UK and he's
been seen as being guilty of Association
because he's written for a non line
publication called 21st century wire
whose deputy editor has also come in for
criticism by The Times a her name is
Vanessa Abby Lee so all of these are
kind of examples showing that to stray
from the dominant narrative of the war
on Syria and will lead you to being
accused of being an asset apology
apologist that's been the criticism of
some here in the UK and there were those
who say that this
environment again resembling somewhat of
a witch hunt isn't conducive to free
speech and to free investigation and
inquiry over the events of not just the
weekend but the past seven years of the
UK's policy towards Syria and its
support of the opposition groups their
international politics lecturer dr. Tara
McCormick revealed what it's like to be
one of the academics on the receiving
end of the times attack in the working
group we have a range of different
opinions on international relations and
so on
colleagues have tweeted various things
about the alleged chemical attack
tweeting does not signify necessarily
endorsement that's also a different
thing from academic research it's a sort
of bizarre attempt to smear guilt by
association few social media posts
ridiculous attempt simply to shut down a
working group that presumably may be
asking questions that The Times doesn't
think should be answered all in all a
disgrace to British journalism and a
threat to academic freedom and free
speech in the UK
