let's return to Assyria now because in
the wake of the alleged chemical attack
in the country the Trump administration
has repeatedly promised to punish
Syria's ally Russia with new sanctions
however on Monday it said they had
actually been put on hold now a criminal
spokesperson has come out with a
statement about this and the Nita Sethi
is across it for us and she joins us now
initially good afternoon
just tell us them what was said well
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov has
spoken out on the fresh set of sanctions
set to be imposed on Russia he said that
Russia doesn't consider the US sanctions
legitimate in a recent interview he said
that the only legitimate sanctions are
those imposed by the UN and he went on
further to comment that sanctions have
been imposed now about 174 times in the
20th century most of which have been
implemented by the US he said that these
foreign policies practices that Russia
can't agree with and consider illegal
now president trump house yes rejected a
fresh round of sanctions which everyone
was expecting the president's ambassador
to the UN nikki Haley announced on
Sunday though that the administration
would place sanctions on Russian
companies found to be assisting Syria's
chemical weapons program it was a
further option though that after the
american-led air strike on Syria in
retaliation to the suspected gas attack
in Syria also Dmitry Peskov has been
speaking on the cyber war tensions the
US and the UK recently raised
accusations that the government base
backed Russian hackers are conducting
alleged cyber operations allegedly
targeting government agencies and
business as well but he said that it
wasn't clear what the basis of these
accusations are then usually accusations
are voiced but no one is willing to
present real arguments tonisha thanks
for the update that was an issue Steffi
there for us
