the military action has put french
President Emmanuel macron under pressure
in the French parliament Charlotte
Dubinski picks up that side of the story
from Paris well that debate was called
in the French National Assembly are
following that decision by France to
stand alongside the USA and the UK and
order those strikes in Syria over the
weekend well there were many voices
heard in that debate many of them
congratulating the military on their
operation but they were fiercely
critical that that operation had taken
place at all and that Matt Gaughan had
approved it without any parliamentary
approval here in France now there are
also questions raised about the evidence
that was presented by France as to the
reasons that they believed that chemical
weapons had been used by Assad people
questioning whether it was right to use
evidence based on social media there
were also questions raised about the
legality of the strike so many people
saying that without a UN mandate how
could they be legal others questioning
why the European Union community was not
also involved in that decision to take
part in those strikes let's take a
flavour now of some of the other
statements made in the National Assembly
without its partners from the European
Union thus allow me to ask you Prime
Minister did you yes or no why so
partners from the European Union to take
part in this strikes on the chemical
weapons facilities in Syria if the
answer is yes can you confirm that all
the countries you contacted refused to
take part in the operation carried out
by France and its allies if the answer
is no why did you think that it was
better not to involve our European
partners we intervened without any
particular goal and what happened after
has demonstrated that these strikes
demonstrate the irresponsible behavior
of the three global powers that yet
again gave in to the temptation to play
the role of world's policeman which is
more than ever obsolete inefficient and
hazardous that falls because friends
want to ignore international law and
blah
we follow the United States Bill Clinton
attacked Yugoslavia by blindly violating
international law George Bush did the
same in Iraq and Barack Obama in Libya
and Syria it seems the evidence that
made France decide to carry out strikes
against Syria is partly based on
information from social media
well that debate came after an interview
that macron had given to French
television on the Sunday night in which
he had touched on his relationship with
Donald Trump and had said that he was
able to persuade the President of the
United States to remain in Syria despite
a statement from Trump just a week ago
saying that he wanted to pull out troops
as soon as possible
ten days ago President Trump was saying
the United States of America had a duty
to disengage from Syria I assure you we
have convinced him that is necessary to
stay for the long term well that claim
by president macron that he's able to
persuade Donald Trump to keep troops on
the ground has been down at played by
the White House spokesperson Sarah
Sanders who said that the US operation
in Syria has not changed and that the
president still wants troops to leave
the country as soon as possible
Charlotte Dubinski RT Paris well let's
get a view on the French moat who's here
why president Makran did what he did and
maybe why shouldn't have Nicola Murray
kovitch is a political analyst hey there
thank you for your time again like
Theresa May he went ahead without
consulting Parliament he was very
confident or foolhardy which do you
think Constitution doesn't make it an
obligation to go in front of a part of
it even if though I'd say the
interpretation of French term democratic
rules would have wanted him to do so I
think he just wanted to follow Donald
Trump Donald Trump found in Theresa May
and especially in Emmanuel macron a
lapdog for this for this mission and if
he went he was 100% go for it and then
even speak around speak with the French
parliament members about this mr. s√∂ze
he thinks that he's the boss and I don't
forget that in France the people his
nickname is Jupiter
some sort of God who can do whatever he
wants without referring to the French to
the French population we just had all
over miles of from UK ambassadors of
Libya on the program saying that anyway
whatever despite what Teresa may and mr.
Trump have done and and the French
president it was illegal anyway
according to the UN Charter
it is definitely illegal this is by this
dangerous interpretation of the UN
Charter saying that a nation can go and
attack a sovereign state just because it
thinks that maybe it has not respected
international law concerning chemical
weapons how far can we go this is the
pandemonium that the box of Pandora has
been open once again once again the West
shows that it is above international law
and as we've said these last days this
is what members of NATO have already
done in ex-yugoslavia in Kosovo in Libya
in Afghanistan and with which results
none of these countries today have I
would say western-type democracy they're
all unfortunately plagued with radical
Islam all of these countries are plagued
with radical Islam and it just shows
that if any country who's got a lot of
bombs a lot of money can wage war so
this means that international laws and
international agreements and the UN
Charter no longer stands for anything
yeah and public opinion doesn't seem to
count much either it seems for mr.
Makran or Tereza mayor yeah neither had
to take it to Parliament they still went
ahead with it but it seems certainly in
Britain at least according to the polls
that the majority of the public were not
for going in as she did at the weekend I
think it's pretty similar in France as
well
don't don't these people want to listen
to their electorate anymore do you think
well it's quite scary because it seems
they don't want to with a macro is
heading towards some very difficult
times now in France there is a major
train worker strike going on tomorrow
Air France is going on strike
universities are closed actually many
universities because of student strikes
and and so this is something which is
very unpopular don't forget that France
traditionally
at least until Nicole Sarkozy on the
left and the right did not like too much
NATO did not want to be the lapdog of
NATO of Washington and all of a sudden
sing Emmanuel macron rush into this war
behind Donald Trump is extremely
unpopular and is coming at very bad
timing for him so either he does not
realize how much he is away from the
preoccupations or the French today or
just shows that he thinks that he truly
is Jupiter that he is some sort of God
and he can do whatever he wants he's
gonna get away with he's the one that
said he had categoric proof of what's
alleged to have happened in Syria and
his approval ratings indeed as you
saying I've ever fallen there below 50%
at the moment that's low for him maybe
showing he is the tough hard man to do
this and was open to maybe a boost
public opinion do you think he's praised
trying to boost public opinion but it's
backfiring IMing and I invite anybody
all the people watching the program now
to look at the proof Emmanuel macros
talking about it it's a joke they're
talking about social media videos on
specialized websites have you ever heard
of specialized websites on chemical
assaults they're talking about Kenji kun
and they saying that Syria already used
chemical weapons in Ketchikan when James
Mantis this US Secretary of Defense said
a couple months ago that the US had no
proof that Syria what the can say cool
so this is a joke I think he just wants
to show that he has some sort of role or
they match international scene and he
doesn't he's playing a cowboy don't
forget that this person was eight months
ago was a banker a Rothschild banker now
he's all of a sudden President of France
he has no knowledge whatsoever of
diplomacy no knowledge whatsoever of
politics he's just too happy to be in
the limelight I'm acting as Donald
Trump's lapdog and he thinks is gonna
get it get away with it and I think it's
going to really backfire on him because
the reality of French politics is much
tougher I think that being a rock shell
banker
all right well with that thought we'll
leave it now from Lyon Paris Lyon France
Nicola bercovich political analyst thank
you very much for your thoughts tonight
