syria's air defense has just repelled a
missile attack in homs province that's
according to the state media for more
details on this let's cross live now to
journalist Danny Maki who's in Damascus
well hi there Danny what more can you
tell us well I can tell you that around
30 minutes ago there are intense reports
of hostile jets in in the skies of
Damascus and Homs and a number of
missiles had been reportedly fired in
Homs province now what I heard here from
Damascus was air defenses going off for
a short period of time and that was
followed by late reports of Syrian air
defenses targeting missiles which were
falling in eastern Homs and what we can
initially tell you is that
syrian state media has confirmed a
suspected attack now on a Shia dirt
military airbase in the east of in the
east of Homs and it was also reported
that Syrian air defenses had had
reportedly shot down a number of
missiles which are coming over the skies
of Homs and that this is likely an
attack which which could have been
conducted by Israel I've got to say as
well because his unconfirmed reports so
far in terms of who conducted these
attacks but what we do know as confirmed
by syrian state media is that there has
been an attack of sorts in eastern Homs
now this comes just days after a us-led
attack which struck military targets
from Damascus to Homs to hammer and
where Syrian air defenses battled
against those missiles falling over here
and shot down between 13 and then later
reportedly 70 but at the moment what we
initially know is that an attack has
taken place in the east of Homs now it's
not completely clear exactly who's
conducted this strike but the first
suspect would probably be Israel they
have a history of targeting such areas
and such air bases with with a potential
Iranian presence and at the moment the
reports which I'm getting from from from
activists and from social media in
Damascus as well as the state media is
that Syrian air defenses a repelling
rocket fire and missile
currently in the sky there's been a few
hazy videos which have been posted so
far showing the Syrian air defenses
firing tracer rounds and firing what
seems to be missiles perhaps s200 into
the sky and I've heard this consistently
over the previous 30 minutes now in
terms of the situation currently in Homs
what we know is that strikes have taken
place but a number of these missiles
have also been shot down and it remains
to be seen exactly how how many have
been shot down it's still very early
days it's only about 3540 minutes into
this particular attack and still a lot
of the information coming out is
unconfirmed but I'm getting strands of
information that another military site
has supposedly been targeted and not in
the main airport in the north eastern
countryside of damascus so again this is
completely unconcerned thus far these
are just initial reports from
eyewitnesses or from activists in the
area and syrian state media has only
confirmed that strikes have attacked the
shia
air base so far only be there thank you
Danny Maki who's based in Damascus thank
you very much indeed
