gentleness anomie my sister and her two
children run outside to buy some things
we got caught up in the Shaolin it my
sister her children died and I was taken
to hospital but as if it when we heard
the blast I told my wife may God protect
the girls from that shell when we went
outside to see what damage the blast had
cause I saw the children's bodies what
remained of them scattered all over the
ground
there are not the bottles the Russian
military visited us they saw Sidra and
the state she was in
they helped us to travel to Russia where
we've received a very warm welcome all
the doctors treated us with care they
gave my daughter prosthetic legs
conductive - I was very scared but the
officer Yvonne Valera which visited me
and supported me
he brought toys we played together he's
become a friend of mine
you
you
