the the pictures what happened on April
7th in duma can see that the action that
was taken by france by the UK by the
united states in launching calibrated in
proportionate two strikes against
Assad's chemical weapons capabilities
was entirely right entirely the right
thing to do
right for the UK and right for the world
and I'm very grateful obviously for the
strong its national support that there
has been for what what the p3 our UK
France and America have done it is very
important stress it was not an attempt
to change the tide of the war in Syria
or to have a regime change or to get rid
of Bashar al-assad I'm afraid the Syrian
war in many ways will go on in its
horrible miserable way but it was the
world saying that we've had enough of
the use of chemical weapons the erosion
of that taboo that has been in place for
a hundred years has gone too far
under Bashar al-assad and it was time
that we said no and I think it was
totally there for the right thing to do
you
