well welcome to Sophie and Cole I'm
Sophie shiver not say the long-standing
alliance between Pakistan and the United
States is faltering with Washington
accusing Islamabad of supporting
terrorism how serious is this bad and
what will that mean for America's Afghan
war well I asked Imran Khan member of
Pakistan's National Assembly and the
leader of Pakistan's movement for
justice a new turn in the never ending
Afghan war saga with the u.s. accusing
its old ally Pakistan of backing Afghan
militants billions and American security
aid to Islamabad are now frozen while
Pakistan be now forced to go to China
and Saudi Arabia for help what effect
will the Pakistan American quarrel have
on the war against the Taliban and how
damaging will the fallout with the
Americans be for Pakistan's own internal
struggle with terror
Imran Khan member of Pakistan's National
Assembly and leader of Pakistan movement
for just as welcome to the show it's
really great to have you with us today
mr. carton Pakistani Prime Minister
Abbasi has just paid a visit to Kabul
now the Afghans like former Afghan
intelligence chief umbrella Saleh are
saying that Pakistan views of gana Stan
as a weaker state and its relations with
Afghanistan are driven by sheer greed
and arrogance
how can you strike deals with Kabul if
they view Pakistan this way this is very
unfortunate the remarks of the of one
intelligence chief to define Pakistan's
relationship with an Afghanistan in
these terms is is actually very
unfortunate because of Aniston needs
Pakistan and Pakistan needs peace
stability in Afghanistan otherwise
Pakistan gets affected especially along
the border the what is called Fatah the
tribal areas on the border of
Afghanistan so if you have problems in
Afghanistan instability which sadly
there has been for 16 years
Pakistan gets affected so it's in
Pakistan's interest that there's peace
in Afghanistan there is a problem there
that unfortunately
that the American policy of using a
one-dimensional military solution to
problems in Afghanistan has led to not
only their longest war but it has caused
immense problems to Pakistan because
that rather the the border with
Afghanistan is very porous it's it has
free movement or there was free movement
of people and so what happens in
Afghanistan affects Pakistan so we need
peace there and I don't I find these
statements very sad I hear you talking
about American policy back in January
Donald Trump ordered billions of dollars
in security aid to Pakistan to be frozen
accusing it of inaction and the war on
terror former head of ISI Asad Durrani
tell me Pakistan's dependence on
American aid ended a long time ago so
why then is your country's defense
minister calling on the United States to
reconsider the cut my point of view this
American Aid has been very costly for
Pakistan for for getting whatever aid we
we did get in these 15 years the damage
done to Pakistan and participating in
the US war on terror has led to almost
70,000 people dead
it has devastated our tribal areas the
border areas where half of the
population we are talking about 3 to 4
million people were internally displaced
and the loss to the economy is over a
hundred billion dollars so this small
Aid has been very costly and the lesson
learned from Pakistan point of view is
never never fight someone else's war and
people like us always opposed it and
Donald Trump does not understand he does
not understand the history of
Afghanistan Afghanistan has a history
where they do not accept foreigners they
have always resisted foreign invasions
and and if if he had even drawn any
lessons from the the Soviet invasion of
vanna Stan before that the British in
the 19th century their invasion of
Afghanistan he would know that this
military solution which Donald Trump
also has tried is going to fail the only
solution the only way to bring peace in
Afghanistan is all the neighbors to set
to sit together and then come up with a
political solution there is no other
solution apart from that
so here's government is saying that
anywhere from fifty to seventy percent
of the eight sent to Pakistan was
misspent wasted on kickbacks ripes even
stolen meanwhile the Pakistani Foreign
Minister says that the country is ready
to account for every single penny in
your opinion like once again should
there be more to this bad I mean shoot
Americans put forth proof of corruption
should Pakistan follow up and show
actual accounting the aid given a
proportion to the damage done in
Pakistan by participating in the US war
there is no comparison the aid was what
they say about twenty billion dollars
maybe twenty five billion dollars
Pakistan has lost over a hundred billion
dollars economy suffered investment
suffered the the damage done through
terrorism meant that foreign investors
investors weren't coming to Pakistan our
tourism collapsed in this country even
today foreign cricket teams do not come
and play in Pakistan sports teams so
this country took a heavy punishment by
participating in that war and the money
as I said the money coming from aid is a
small pittance compared to what it costs
the people of Pakistan so you have said
that Trump is briefed by and working for
the agenda of Pakistan's enemies whose
agenda would that be well what but what
the things that Donald Trump has said
he's actually applauded India's role in
the war on terror and he's actually
blamed Pakistan for the u.s. not winning
in Afghanistan now
- bleh and there is blame Pakistan for
terrorism now this is exactly what India
says about Pakistan and so therefore it
was extremely hurtful for people of this
country that they participated in a war
that was not Pakistan's war there were
no Pakistanis involved in 9/11 al Qaeda
was an Afghanistan there were no
militant Alabama and Pakistan how did we
end up in a war where 70,000 Pakistanis
have died we still have terrorism in
this country we still having the effects
of this war on terror mr. Hassan I don't
know what what where he's come up with
but it's quite clear that the thing
Xia's is saying is praising India
whereas India did not give any
sacrifices in the war on terror oops
what what role did India play in this
world war its Pakistan that took the
battering the suffering and so to praise
India is shocking for all of us what has
India contributed to this war on terror
and to give India a role in Afghanistan
India does not have a border with
Afghanistan Pakistan's foreign minister
says that United States has turned
Islamabad into a whipping boy to
destruct from its failures in
Afghanistan do you agree is Washington
looking to single out Pakistan to deter
criticism absolutely I agree with it now
just look at the facts at one point
there were 150,000 NATO troops on
Afghanistan and then the Elan Army is
anything between 250,000 to 300,000 so
you're talking about almost a half a
million armed forces in Afghanistan and
what the u.s. blames Pakistan is that
two or three thousand insurgents coming
from Pakistan to Afghanistan are the
reason why Afghanistan could not they
could not win the war in Afghanistan can
the drop in American aid be countered by
deals with Pakistan's newest friends
like China or Saudi Arabia or you expect
ding their influence to rise now that
the United States is on a collision
course with Pakistan
what would firstly what would the u.s.
do to be on a collision course with
Pakistan the maximum leverage the US has
is to stop the aid and you know Pakistan
should try everything to keep the u.s.
happy but the problem is when the u.s.
expects Pakistan to win it's the mess it
has made an Ivana Stan it expects
Pakistan to somehow win the war which
they are they're badly lost and
Afghanistan Ana when I said loot lost I
mean they haven't won all the Taliban
have to do to win the war is not to lose
so what the u.s. expects Pakistan to do
is what it has not been able to succeed
in Afghanistan and clearly Pakistan has
limitations and if Pakistan what they
want to do is to take action against
these Taliban groups supposedly
operating from Pakistan well then they
should tell us where are these groups
they are talking about the Haqqani
network at the at its peak the Haqqani
network would have maximum two thousand
two and a half thousand men in Pakistan
that surely cannot be the reason why
they've lost they have not been able to
win in 16 years what I feel is that the
American policy of military actions
collateral damage I don't know whether
you have seen in conduced the Banda
madrasah killed hundred children now
that 100 children killed by American
bomb means that this will raise hatred
in Afghanistan and hatred means more
recruits and so it's an ongoing circle
collateral damage hatred more recruits
and an ongoing war so the answer is that
the US has to change its strategy and
that's a going towards dialogue
political solution so the last of USA
may not be a catastrophe for your
country but now Americans are
considering
putting Pakistan on the international
terrorism sponsor list the so-called
gray list you may think it is not fair
to Pakistan but how damaging would that
be for the country and dangerous I think
it's very unfair on Pakistan
you know a country that participated in
the u.s. war and I repeat a country that
had nothing to do with 9/11 and a
country that lost more people than any
other country
I mean Pakistan lost more human beings
over 70,000 dead vast number of them
handicapped because of bomb blasts for
helping the American for joining the
American war it bought the heaviest cost
and in the end for the Americans to then
blame Pakistan and put sanctions on it I
think this is the greatest travesty of
justice I think you know it is something
which is inconceivable that the US would
for its failure in Afghanistan
blame Pakistan but how damaging would it
be though how damaging well it will be
damaging I mean for Pakistan
unfortunately our economic situation is
not that strong right now the country is
is actually going through an economic
crisis so American sanctions would be
damaging but I mean is this justice is
it fair is this how a u.s. you would use
a country like a tissue paper and when
it thinks it doesn't need it anymore it
just costs it away I think it's it's
very immoral all right mr. Hahn we're
gonna take a short break right now when
we're back we'll continue talking to
Imran Hahn member of Pakistan's National
Assembly and leader of Pakistan movement
for justice discussing tensions with
Afghanistan and how this effects to
power balance in the region stay with us
we're back with Imran Khan member of
Pakistan's National Assembly and leader
of Pakistan movement for justice
discussing Islamabad faltering relations
with the United States and their impact
on the Afghan peace process mr. Khan you
said that Pakistan should fight
terrorism for its own sake is Pakistan
fighting terrorism for somebody else at
the present moment well it started
pakistan started off fighting the u.s.
war I mean there was though as I said
there were no al-qaida in Pakistan there
were no militant Taliban and Pakistan we
did not have the terrorism we had
sectarian terrorism but that was just
nothing compared to what happened once
we joined the US war on terror after
9/11 and then we had a spate of suicide
bombing which was more than in any other
country
I mean Pakistan suffered the sort of
terrorism which no other country
suffered and there was a point in
2010/11 where you know the people were
worried about the future of a country we
were falling apart so it was thanks to
our security forces that they eventually
control this fanaticism and terrorism
which was because we were considered
collaborators with the Americans so all
the anti-americanism turned against
Pakistan so people who are attacking
Pakistan security forces because they
thought we were collaborating with the
u.s. so the anger against the US was
born by the brunt was borne by Pakistan
Afghan politics are openly saying that
Pakistan is supporting the Taliban it's
become somewhat of an open secret and
even some former Pakistani officials are
admitting to that like Musharraf even
how can Pakistan be fighting terrorists
with one hand and then supporting them
with another well they're two different
things one are that the so-called
Taliban who are jacking Pakistan
Pakistani forces secure
forces who indulge again terrorism in
Pakistan on the other hand are the
Atlanta Lebon who are fighting in
Afghanistan now what what Pakistan says
is that the Terrorism coming into
Pakistan is from Afghanistan and
awareness ton is saying that the
Terrorism coming into Afghanistan or
that they cannot win in Afghanistan
because of the insurgents which is of
anti Lebon going in from Pakistani
borders my point is that clearly first
of all there's a huge part of
Afghanistan some say 40% some say 50%
which is not in the control of the
Afghan government so why were all these
Taliban have to come to Pakistan if
there is so much space available for
them to operate from within Afghanistan
that's number one point number two given
that there is not going to be peace in
Afghanistan and unless there is a
political settlement so should not the
Avant government and the Americans be
telling Pakistan to use their influence
on the upon Taliban to get them for
peace talks
so surely Pakistan role right now should
not be trying killing more people and
creating more problems for for a country
that has taken the most beating most
suffering in the war on terror rather it
should be helping in the dialogue and
the peace process with its influence on
the Advanta Lebon is Pakistan actually
capable of getting its multiple militant
groups under control on the Afghan
border and in Kashmir international
communities saying that Pakistan
tolerates militants but does Pakistan
have enough strength to eradicate them
if if you wanted to I mean the Pakistani
Taliban are even listing you and your
family as targets can they be stopped
the Pakistan Taliban have their strength
has been greatly reduced
ever since the American footprint
reduced in Afghanistan the level of
fanaticism went down in our country no
longer were
or Pakistani security forces supposed to
be collaborators of the Americans
hence the recruitment for Pakistani
Taliban went down and the fanaticism
went down and so Pakistani security
forces a more or less controlled what is
called the TTP the Pakistan Taliban
problem is n of Anniston now if a vana
Stan is secure settled stable then there
would be peace in Pakistan the problem
is that because of understand is
unsettled we keep having attacks from
Afghanistan on the Pakistani soil right
now because the Pakistani forces have
controlled the Pakistani areas more or
less now there are still incidents but
much fewer problem in Kashmir that for
the last 25 years there are almost 600
to 700 thousand Indian troops in Kashmir
there are violations of human rights the
local population has turned against the
Indian Army the the people have risen up
against India in peaceful protests now
India blames Pakistan for what is going
on in Kashmir in Kashmir it as an
indigenous struggle this is not a
struggle fuelled by Pakistan
why don't they give the Kashmiri is
right to decide what they want what is
their democratic right to decide the
future but they do not give them that
right they're using the forces to
suppress that a democratic freedom
struggle and they blame Pakistan for
what is going on in Kashmir which again
is unfair now so we have two fronts one
is India blaming all what is happening
in Kashmir - on Pakistan the other is
the US and the upon government blaming
for the instability in Afghanistan on
Pakistan that's the problem with
Pakistan right now unfortunately where
Pakistan has failed we did not project
our point of view internationally on the
diplomatic level we have failed to
really project what is happening in
Kashmir and at the same time the
sacrifices Pakistan has given in the US
war on terror
and Pakistan is not responsible for what
is happening in Afghanistan you said
that if hundreds of thousands of NATO
troops couldn't change the situation in
Afghanistan additional troops the u.s.
is sending there annually is only going
to prolong the agony do you mean to say
that Afghanistan is finished as a state
and should be left alone died peacefully
no not at all I think of honest honest
as a very proud history it's people have
suffered more than probably any other
country because they've been suffering
almost 40 years they've been suffering
this conflict strive instability and so
if any people deserve peace it's people
of Afghanistan and the only way that can
be achieved as if all the neighbors said
sit on the table and bring the Afghan
Taliban and the Afghan government on the
table that's the only way unfortunately
there is a the until very recently the
Americans were not willing to talk to
the Advanta LaVon only now there is they
have accepted that there should be
dialogue but this one-dimensional policy
of of just using military means to
achieve peace it had failed long time
back there was a time when Obama came to
power and there was an Holbrooke was the
rep in Afghanistan and he almost got the
Taliban to sit on the table for a
dialogue but unfortunately the surge
spearheaded by Patriots that surge is
what sabotage his peace talks and
actually that led to more bloodshed now
Trump initially tried the same thing
again hoping that you know by attacking
the Taliban and he would bring them to
the table but that's failed and now I
think there is a consensus everywhere
that the only way peace can be achieved
in Afghanistan is through dialogue and
all neighbors sitting on the table but
that's the most important thing to say
to help the people of a virus tan so
Hamid Karzai told me in a recent
interview that Pakistan's policy towards
his country is defined by its rivalry
with India why is it so bad for Pakistan
if Afghanistan becomes India's friend
well it's because the signals coming
from India are extremely aggressive ever
since mr. narendra modi's prime
ministership India has stance towards
Pakistan is not only aggressive but the
whole their foreign policy is to isolate
Pakistan and and some of us in this
country think that they even wouldn't
mind Pakistan splitting you know
breaking away Balochistan from from the
rest of the country
so clearly Pakistan is worried that if
India or if they face India on two
fronts meaning you know long eastern
border and then if Aniston becomes an
Indian satellite which is the big fair
with the Pakistan security to our
security forces then Pakistan is
struggling on two fronts so it's out of
this insecurity that Hamid Karzai's
right
the policy is is determined by security
issues yes it's a berth countries India
and Pakistan saying how tense their
relations are have military plans for a
conflict recently Pakistan adopted a
doctrine of using low-yield nuclear
weapons in case of a major war with
India is Islamabad really ready to use
nuclear weapons on the Indian
subcontinent that is the nightmare
scenario and that's why it's very
important to resolve our differences
India and Pakistan to sit on a table and
have some sort of roadmap to resolve
their issues problem is I repeat again
the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has
policy ever since he's come into power
it's extremely aggressive and it is
hostile towards Pakistan which obviously
Pakistan being much smaller than India
it has
the country very insecure the government
side secure our security establishment
is insecure bearing in mind that we are
two nuclear-armed countries the best way
is that we sit down and resolve our
differences but unfortunately so far
Indians response has been arrogant and
very aggressive and whatever happens at
the moment any sort of talks start or
have in the past one terrorist incident
then derails the whole process we are
back to square one what we really need
is a strong determined leadership in
both the countries a leadership that has
the ability to take the pressure from
that from that small lobby in both
countries which does not want peace and
and come what may whatever happens
whatever little incidents happen that
the two countries stick to a roadmap of
peace and the peace has to be a
resolution of the Kashmir issue so
unfortunately at the moment I don't see
that dialogue happening but in the
future it is the only solution that the
two countries sit together and resolve
this issue of Kashmir so that we can
live side-by-side as civilized neighbors
all right mr. Han thank you very much
for this interview good luck with the
elections where we're talking to Imran
Khan member of Pakistan's National
Assembly and leader of Pakistan movement
for justice discussing the rift between
Islamabad and Washington and its
implications for the peace process in
Afghanistan that's it for this edition
of sofiane Co I'll see you next time
you
