a Swedish zoo has cold over 500 lizards
by dropping them into liquid nitrogen
the reptiles had been rescued last month
from animal smugglers but the zoo says
it could only find homes for a few of
them in other institutions and were
legally prevented from giving them away
to private collections a vet from the
zoo defended the use of liquid nitrogen
as practical while here to discuss this
further is a thorn car from the animal
rights group Etta and miss Cara thank
you for joining us on the program
perhaps you can explain to us why there
has been such an outcry over this story
Amina like the vet said that a few
appropriate homes could be found and
isn't it liquid nitrogen used to cull
animals worldwide is this not a normal
kind of use well I understand the outcry
here it's it's it's an unfortunate
situation where hundreds of beautiful
animals were discarded like rubbish but
the fault here lies with the exotic pet
trade and those who captured these
animals for profit as far as the way
that the animals were killed a report on
animal ethics from the university of
melbourne said that conscious reptiles
should never be killed through immersion
in liquid nitrogen and that liquid
nitrogen should only be used after the
animals are under deep anesthesia so
well I'm not sure that this is this was
gone about in the correct manner but the
fault lies with those who were smuggling
the animals in the first place what
should have happened here what other
choice did they have well it's a tragic
situation and it's caused by the trade
in exotic pets I think all good options
were off the table the moment these
animals were captured for profit and the
wider argument zoos coal animals all the
time don't they it's is this not the
price of preserving endangered species
yeah well zoos don't preserve endangered
species most animals confined in zoos
aren't endangered nor are they being
prepared for release into the wild
zoos aren't breeding animals to
replenish threatened populations they're
breeding them because babies bring
visitors through the gates so this has
nothing to do with endangered species
and certainly for these particular
lizards who were captured with the
intention of being sold off as pets you
know it was had a tragic outcome if
people were banned altogether from
keeping exotic pets like lizards do you
think that would reduce animals
suffering no absolutely it would and
that's why why PETA People for the
Ethical Treatment of Animals we
encourage people to to turn their backs
on the exotic pet trade and to resist
the temptation to bring a lizard or a
snake or a turtle into their home's we
know that 70% of reptiles bred are
captured for the pet trade died in
transit or from inadequate care and
housing this is before they're even sold
and of those who do make it into
someone's home most of them are dead
within a year
thorn car from an animal rights group
PETA thank you for joining us on our tea
international we appreciate your
thoughts
