polls in Germany for Bavaria's upcoming
regional elections don't look too hot
for Angela Merkel the Chancellor's key
coalition ally the CSU looks set to lose
significant ground for the first time in
decades the CSU is projected to garner
less than 40 percent the Greens are
predicted to double their seats in the
Bavarian Parliament while the
right-wingers the AFD are set to make
their debut in as Arty's Peter Oliver
now explains this could have serious
implications for the balance of power in
Berlin this coming Sunday Angela
Merkel's coalition partners and sister
party the CSU are preparing for a
monumental upset in Bavarian state
elections they're currently polling at
just 33 percent the party has
historically ruled the region and hasn't
taken less than 40 percent in local
elections since the 1950s the blame for
the CSU being down in the doldrums has
been firmly placed at mrs merkel's door
these are all numbers that are heavily
influenced by Berlin politics I do not
want a Berlin style situation in the
Bavarian State Parliament internal
disputes hurt no matter what causes them
I admit that things can get better in
Berlin but if you let your own personal
ambition take over it becomes impossible
to govern the CSU have been hemorrhaging
votes to the left and to the right of
the political spectrum the Green Party
looks set to make some big gains while
the anti-migrant alternative for Germany
party look almost nailed on to enter the
Bavarian Parliament for the first time
the CSU is out of touch with the
citizens of Bavaria and a lot of people
from the CSU base thinks similarly to
the way we do in the AFD so many former
CSU voters have come over to us the
world is changing Bavaria is changing
but the CSU reacts with the same ideas
people want different answers the
Bavarian prime minister has been doing
his best to distance himself and his
party at a state level from Angela
Merkel's federal government going as far
as to crack a little gag that the only
Chancellor he would be seen out
campaigning with would be Sebastian
Cutts of Austria
it took Angela Merkel's six months to
cobble together the current ruling
coalition they've only been in power
since March but in that time they seem
to have lurched from crisis to crisis
yes you will have to find a partner for
a coalition and it's most likely that
this will be the Green Party because a
great coalition between CSU and SPD will
not work they will not score enough you
can see that CSU has no real influence
on the policies of Angela Merkel and
people are just fed up of voting always
for a CSU which has a very conservative
profile in the political discourse but
in the end they turn out to do just the
same as the more and more left-leaning
CDU under Angela Merkel the party will
most likely hold on to its majority but
bookies are taking bets on just how much
it will be eroded and it could well be
historic Peter Oliver RT Berlin
you
