Reis rau is brewing in the US city of
Philadelphia that's after the arrest of
two black men in a Starbucks cafe black
lives matter activists gathered at the
coffee shop demanding equality and that
the manager be fired police say they
responded to a trespassing complaint
from Starbucks and were told the men had
wanted to use the bathroom without
making a purchase the men refused to
leave the cafe saying they were waiting
for a friend there they were
subsequently arrested handcuffed and
removed from the premises as you can see
the whole incident was captured on a
video by another customer on Starbucks
issued an apology
the chief executive Kevin Johnson
assured that they stood against
discrimination and vowed to meet the men
personally to offer an apology the
incident though has infuriated the
internet community with some saying
words are just not enough sorry
apology not accepted until you fire all
that stuff make the person apologize in
person to them you ain't getting me one
step in your place so the CEO of
Starbucks apologized to these men the
real question is why hasn't the employee
who called the cops been fired yet I
think all of us white folks should go to
a Starbucks today used a bathroom and
sit at all the tables without ordering
anything there were other patrons of the
Starbucks that were just sitting there
who hadn't ordered anything you know
they were engaged in the identical
conduct and they were not arrested and
forced to face the indignity of being
dragged out of a place in handcuffs the
idea that they would even hold these men
for eight hours when it was quite
obvious that they had done nothing wrong
you know I really speaks to something
important the police have a
responsibility not just to do whatever a
manager says for them to do they have a
responsibility to do an independent
investigation of their own and they
clearly didn't do that they walked in
they found two men who were sitting at a
table doing nothing disturbing
whatsoever
they yet chose to arrest those men
anyway
