in the public eye as a world leader is
no easy task especially when things
aren't going your way one day your
lawyers home is being raided by the FBI
the next you're trying to hush up book
tours which could threaten your
reputation but in terms of means that
are waste to divert attention then
sometimes the best ideas are right in
front of you on TV if the President and
France and the UK decide to strike Syria
don't you think that story would be a
bigger story than commis book that's
released on Tuesday
short time ago I ordered to launch
precision strikes on targets associated
with the chemical weapons capabilities
of Syrian dictator Bashar al-assad it
can be so effective few people will
actually see through it I don't want to
say this raid is meant to distract from
his other problems but it's called
Operation Desert Storm II president
Trump hailed the missile strike in Syria
as perfectly executed but it could be
argued this was instead perfectly timed
and it's worked for him before a year
ago the media branded Trump as Russia's
puppet shaking off a reputation calls
for drastic measures and 59 Tomahawk
cruise missiles launched at a Syrian Air
Force Base did just that it not only
gave his popularity a boost but also a
big pat on the back from the media we
see these beautiful pictures at night I
am tempted to quote the great Leonard
Cohen I'm guided by the beauty of our
weapons what changed
last night I think Donald Trump became
President of the United States I think
this was actually a big moment President
Trump isn't the first to employ such
tactics in 1998 Bill Clinton's decision
to bomb Iraq coincided with him facing
impeachment at the time this order
overshadowed him lying under oath in
relation to the Monica Lewinsky affair I
did not have sexual relations with that
woman miss Lewinsky destroyed military
and security targets in Iraq they are
joined by British forces their mission
is to attack Iraq's nuclear chemical and
biological weapons programs Saddam
Hussein must not be allowed to threaten
his neighbors or the world with nuclear
arms poison gas or biological weapons
who can forget the actual operation
desert storm launched by President
George HW Bush with the economy in
recession the Gulf War boosted his
approval ratings I have therefore
directed to eject the Iraqi army from
Kuwait as president I can report to the
nation aggression is defeated the war is
over you don't have to look too far back
in history to see world's leaders
employing distraction tactics so ask
yourself this question what would
dominate an international media
narrative the possibility of a global
war or the domestic troubles of a
Western country you want me to produce
your war not a war it's a pageant we
need a theme a song some visuals but you
know it's a pageant well to ask how the
media affects Trump's decisions is to
ask to water effects of fish Trump lives
and breathes by media ratings approval
there's a long tradition of presidents
in domestic political trouble using
international crises to distract the
public and certainly at their minimum
you have to think that that's a happy
side effect of military action so in
terms of the attack on the Syria that we
saw over the weekend it does seem to
distract you that gives the president
something to talk about other than
stormy Daniels and the other issues that
he's contending with after the the
rifling of his personal lawyers offices
