the headline story in development in the
past couple of hours russia's Foreign
Minister has claimed that the
International chemical weapons watchdog
the OPCW may have misidentified the type
of nerve agent used against the
scribbles in England last month more
details on that now from correspondent
Anisha Sethi hi there so potentially
another chapter opens in this case yes
so let's first get up to speed with the
findings of the results from the OPCW
and who delivered their analysis on the
chemical attack on the scrap house now
in this report the OPCW confirmed the
composition of the nerve agent was in
line with the findings of the United
Kingdom who say that the chemical used
to poison Yulia and Sergei scrapple was
said to be Navi Chalker type of nerve
agents produced by the Soviet Union but
they were unable to specify the origin
of that and but during the analysis the
OPCW gave samples of the agent to four
designated laboratories and Russia has
contacted one of these designated labs
now a Swiss laboratory has allegedly
said that there were traces of another
nerve agent found in the sample it was
given a toxin called B Zed now it turns
out that these findings were excluded
from the report by the OPCW the Russian
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has been
speaking on these findings regarding
abortion so the analysis is more
consistent with the use of the poisonous
substance BZ
none of these facts and nothing at all
about B Zed was mentioned in the final
OPCW report which was presented to his
Executive Board we request that the OPCW
explain why such information and the
conclusion the space laboratory was
omitted from the final report so the
toxin is called B said it's a white
crystalline powder slightly soluble in
water and is a nerve agent so extremely
harmful and the toxin was never produced
in Russia or in the Soviet Union
however the be said nerve agent was
developed by the US Army in the 1950s
now these findings were not produced in
the report published by the OPCW they
were left out or rather not taken into
consideration at all and even if the
substance is normally chalk however the
Russian Foreign Ministry has said that
about 20 countries can produce
this chemical and some chemists have
even questioned the potency of the nerve
agent nor we talk as well saying its
consequences could have been much worse
if inhale symptoms appear and death
follows in minutes if it gets on the
skin symptoms and death can take from
minutes to hours every truck is supposed
to be very toxic highly toxic five to
eight times more toxic than than VX
which is all already very very toxic so
small amounts should have killed mr.
scribble for sure but but again it's
very difficult to to assess and evaluate
this kind of question before knowing
exactly how the product was delivered
it's been well over a month now since
Euler and Sergey scrapple were found
unconscious on a bench in Salisbury a
mule is crippled since has been
discharged but their former double
agents ago scrapple is stone hospital
but remains in a stable condition okay
so it seems like plenty more questions
being raised there then for now though
he Nisha Sethi thank you very much for
updating us on what the Russian Foreign
Minister had to say in the past couple
of hours or so Russia's foreign
ministers claimed that the International
chemical watchdog as we mentioned may
have misidentified the type of nerve
agent used in the against the script
bells last month I think we can talk to
our guests now professor James tor who's
a chemical weapons expert an organic
chemist thanks for joining us on this I
hope you can shed a little bit more
light I don't know how well you know the
opcw's findings or the way it works but
what would your theories be for it to
may have excluded findings from its
report if the deed there were other
traces of a nerve agent right I can't
really comment on what their motivations
are but if there was another agent the
three Qin Ookla Dean benzyl 8 which is
this BZ agent that has nothing to do
with a with a nerve agent that's not
even used to kill I mean that's used
that's an incapacitating agent that is
just used to cause behavioral and
cognitive dysfunction it's it causes
lyrium it's it's nonspecific it's a
hallucinogen and so it's used to
incapacitate people in and say a wartime
effort if you wanted to go in but but
it's not used as a lethal agent so
that's not something that's used to kill
anybody
even the numbers on that are not known
how much would be needed to kill a
person and there's no data on using it
for four except by injection or by air
civilization in other words put into a
mist form or injected into the
bloodstream or under the skin it's the
only numbers that are known for this
when it was weaponized by the United
States it was weaponized as an aerosol
and so to think that this came through
the skin is is ridiculous there's
there's no information on this so if
there if there's secret data on this to
go through the skin the world certainly
doesn't know about it and it's it's used
in in a non lethal situation that people
generally recover in a matter of hours
from being exposed to this compound but
we've gone from being told it was a
certain type of nerve agent that that
could cause death in ours to it being no
it can't have been that it must now be
something else to various ways that it
may or may not have been administered
with every passing day it seems to be
less and less clear who what where and
why where does that leave the OPCW that
in being able to actually properly
identify what was used right so this
this compound BZ there's three key
nucleotide benzoyl a has a totally
different structure than any nerve agent
nerve agents have phosphorus this has no
phosphorus in it so it's that very easy
distinguishing to make by a chemical
analysis there's no problem in making
this analysis so I don't know who has
done the this work if it is a BZ agent
and not a nerve agent that that's that
would be a gross gross error in chemical
analysis if there was a BZ agent mixed
with a nerve agent that would be
something new to me generally you do not
have to incapacitate a person in order
to kill the
you just kill that with the nerve agent
it never is used in conjunction with a
BZ to incapacitate them so none of this
makes chemical sense okay appreciate
your expertise and there's professor
James - organic chemists and chemical
weapons expert thanks very much for your
time
