start by making one point clear the use
of chemical weapons anywhere in the
world is an inexcusable violation of
international law and the United States
will not tolerate it the Assad regime's
attack against innocent Syrians and
Douma Syria on April 7th is horrifying
and tragic and it demanded an immediate
response yesterday United States forces
at the direction of President Trump
launched precision strikes against Assad
regime targets associated with the use
of chemical weapons in Syria we launched
these strikes to cripple Syria's ability
to use chemical weapons in the future we
were joined by the United Kingdom and
France who demonstrated solidarity and
addressing these atrocities Americans
are united in condemning Syria's
inexcusable use of chemical weapons
which no civilized nation would tolerate
we are encouraged by the support we
received from the senators and
congressmen on both sides of the aisle
we are also extremely proud of the
United States servicemembers who carried
out this operation last night they
demonstrated unwavering courage and
commitment and their defense of the
American people and the values and
ideals our nation represents this
operation was carefully orchestrated and
methodically planned to minimize
potential collateral damage I can assure
you we took every measure and precaution
to strike only what we targeted and what
we success and we successfully hit every
target this operation does not represent
a change in US policy nor an attempt to
dispose the Syrian regime these strikes
were a justified legitimate and
proportionate response to the Syrian
regime's continued use of chemical
weapons on its own people
we do not seek conflict in Syria but we
cannot allow such grievous violations of
international law our goal in Syria
remains defeating Isis by within through
the 17-nation coalition but we will not
stand by passively while Assad backed by
Russia and Iran ignores international
law the Assad regime's actions in April
2017 and again on April 7
2018 show they have abandoned their
commitments to the international
community and resorted to illegal
tactics against the innocent Syrian
people we call upon Russia to honor its
commitment to ensure the Assad regime
dismantles its chemical weapons program
and never uses chemical weapons again we
support our diplomats who are working to
set the conditions for the United
Nations backed Geneva process to succeed
and we look forward to working with the
United Nations envoy to Syria stefan de
Mistura in an effort to maintain
transparency general McKenzie will now
provide a detailed overview of the
actual operations general McKenzie
thanks thanks Danny
ladies and gentleman good morning I'm
gonna spend the next couple of minutes
just talking about the military details
of the strikes that we executed last
night could I get the first graphic up
please as you've heard from the
president United States and directly in
this room from Secretary Madison
chairman Dunford the United States the
United Kingdom France three of the five
permanent members of the UN Security
Council conducted a proportional
precision coordinated strike in response
to the Syrian regime's continued use of
chemical weapons
this combined military strike was
directed against three distinct Syrian
chemical weapons program targets and I'm
going to show them to you in turn on the
monitor behind me and I think you have
access to that information also the
three facilities are are more
appropriately now worth fundamental
components of the regime's chemical
weapons warfare infrastructure let's go
to the first slide please
the bars a research and development
centre next slide the hint partly the
him since our chemical weapons storage
facility and last in the next slide
please
the hims sentience are chemical weapons
bunker facility which is located about
seven kilometres from the previous him
samsara site this strike aimed to
deliver a clear and ambiguous message to
the Syrian regime that their use of
chemical weapons against and its of
innocent civilians is inexcusable and
did it tear any future use of chemical
weapons we selected these targets
carefully to minimize the risk to
innocent civilians we're still
conducting a more detailed damage
assessment but initial indications are
that we accomplished our military
objectives without material interference
from Syria
I'd use three words to describe this
operation precise overwhelming and
effective let's go back to the first
bars of slide police against the first
target the bars over search and
Development Center which is located in
the greater Damascus area we employed 76
missiles 57 of these were tomahawk land
attack cruise missiles in nineteen were
joint air-to-surface standoff missiles
or Jasmin's as you can see for yourself
from the graphics initial assessments
are that this target was destroyed this
is going to set the Syrian chemical
weapons program back for years and you
also note that we've successfully
destroyed three buildings in
metropolitan Damascus one of the most
heavily defended aerospace areas in the
world next slide please
against the second target the hem Shin
star chemical weapons storage facility
which is located in Syria just west of
Homs 22 weapons were employed nine UST
lamps eight Storm Shadow missiles three
naval cruise missiles and to scalp land
attack cruise missiles so this target
was attacked by all coalition forces our
tomahawks
the British Storm Shadow and then the
French French missiles went against it
as well against the third target next
slide the Himchan saw a chemical weapons
bunker facility we deployed seven scout
missiles again the initial assessment is
that this bunker facility was
successfully hit
now I just like to talk a bit about the
specific platforms that were part of
this strike and let's go back to the
first slide please the missiles that
I've just described were delivered from
British French and US air and naval
platforms in the Red Sea the northern
Arabian Gulf and the eastern
Mediterranean all weapons hit their
targets at very close to the designated
time on target of about 4:00 a.m. in
Syria which of course is nine o'clock
here in the East Coast
I'm gonna give you little more details
now about the platform's first in the
Red Sea the Taccone direct that
ticonderoga-class Cruiser Monterey fired
30 tomahawk land attack cruise missiles
and the arleigh burke-class destroyer
Lagoon fired seven tomahawks and in
North Arabian Gulf
the burke-class destroyer Higgins fired
twenty-three tomahawks in the eastern
Mediterranean the French frigate
language are three missiles of their
naval version of the scat missile also
in the Mediterranean the virginia-class
submarine john warner fired six Tomahawk
missiles in the air two b-1 lancer
bombers fired nineteen joint
air-to-surface standoff missiles in
addition our British allies flew a
combination of tornados and typhoons and
launched eight Storm Shadow missiles our
fridge allies if you flew a combination
of rifles and mirages and launched nine
scalp missiles taken together and as you
can see from the graphic behind me these
attacks on multiple axes were able to
overwhelm the Syrian air defense system
it's also important to note that we flew
a variety of defensive counter air
tanker and electronic warfare aircraft
in support of these operations
none of our aircraft or missiles
involved in this operation were
successfully engaged by Syrian air
defenses and we have no indication that
Russian air defense systems were
employed we are confident that all of
our missiles reach their targets at the
end of the strike mission all our
aircraft safely returned to their bases
we assess that over 40 surface-to-air
missiles were employed by the Syrian
regime
most of these launches occurred after
the last impact of our strike was over
it is likely that the
James shot many of these missiles on a
ballistic trajectory I mean by that
without guidance and we assess that the
defensive efforts of Syria were largely
ineffective and clearly increased risk
for their own people based on this
indiscriminate response when you shoot
iron into the air without guidance it's
going to come down somewhere
by contrast the precise nature of our
strike and the care which our Allied
team planned and executed significantly
reduced the risk of collateral damage to
civilians in summary in a powerful show
of Allied unity we deployed 105 weapons
against three targets that will
significantly impact the Syrian regime's
ability to develop deploy and use
chemical weapons in the future
it's been said before but I don't want
to emphasize again that by comparison
this strike was double the size of the
last strike in April 2017 and I'd also
emphasize that this strike was a
multinational effort the precision
strike was executed with France in the
UK
demonstrating our unquestionable resolve
I'd like to close by noting that since
the strike we have not seen any military
response from actors within Syria and we
remain posture to protect our forces and
those are the coalition should anything
occur bended back to you so with that
I'll take your questions
Bob Thank You general Mackenzie you said
that US us initially that the attack
accumulative ly setback the Syrian
chemical weapons program for years and
you B you elaborate on that
miss white said that it was intended to
cripple it can you be more sure I think
well as of right now we are not aware of
any saw answer that part first as of now
we're not aware of any civilian
casualties now you know I would also
note and I as I said in my prepared
remarks the Syrians shot 40 large
missiles into the air last night those
missiles came down somewhere and so we
should just recognize that's a part of
this that's a part of this equation too
but we don't right now we have no
reporting of any civilian casualties
against any of the targets that we
struck and we'll continue to look at
this closely as we go ahead so very
briefly the first part of your question
particularly the Barza the facility is
a core site for them and as you can see
from the graphic it does not exist
anymore
and we believe that's Caen they've lost
a lot of equipment they've lost a lot of
material and it's going to have a
significant effect on them so I think
the words cripple and the great or good
accurate worse
secretary man is said last night he was
pretty convinced that Corinne was you is
he's still waiting on salary he also
said he was confident that the Syrian
regime announces these chemical attacks
what evidence do you have of both the
fluorine and the Syrian attack and also
the OPCW is on the ground now they're
collecting information on that we are
still assessing but as the secretary
said last night he is confident of the
evidence that we already had and which
is why he recommended this the strikes
last night but we are still assessing
and getting details and will be and we
can provide more details once we have
them you do have various there's various
Intel and I won't speak to that but when
we have more evidence and more details I
will come back to you Tom
Barbara general McKenzie could you speak
about in in borsa and these other
facilities were there actually are you
convinced there were chemical agents
inside at the time of this strike how
did you mitigate not having a dispersal
dispersal of a chemical agent cloud and
Dana you know yesterday the president
talked about the possibility of a
sustained response and the secretary
last night spoke about this being a
single strike at this time you know
people understand is there a difference
there what are they talking about but
for both of you please sure I'll start
Barbara so as we look at each of these
targets we have a variety sophisticated
models plume analysis other things to
calculate the possible effects of
chemical or nerve agent being in there
in relation to the bars of target yes we
assess that there were probably some
chemical and nerve agents in that target
however we believe that by the way we
attack
the attack profile that we use the way
our weapon ears looked at it we were
able to minimize that and so I just
leave it at that you'll be able to judge
over the next few hours there the the
results of that but we believe that we
successfully mitigated against the fact
that there are illegal and unauthorized
weapons at these sites are you doing any
post attack ear sampling to see if there
was any dispersal we look at the target
through a variety of means and with
respect to his comment I think the
operative word is the words were at this
time what happened
going forward has everything to do with
the Assad regime
he sent a very clear message last night
and we hope that he heard it Joe
Joe McKenzie have you had any contacts
with the Russians through the
deconfliction lines in the aftermath of
these operations or are you planning to
have such contacts in the next few hours
as you know the deconfliction channel
which we use between we and the Russians
is has operated frequently over the past
few months it continued to operate
frequently leading up to the strike and
in a routine basis after the strike
three targets that you struck for those
manufacturing or researching chlorine or
sarin a little of both in and
particularly in the Mars a target but
there's a little above and do you do any
of these facilities have any other
non-military application no they're
essentially this is what they do
principally there may be other
activities that are that are carried on
there but this is the core activity
associated with these sites well you
said that none of the Russian air
defenses were not turned on how do you
explain that was there and it right
inside the Russian air defenses returned
we're not turned on I said they weren't
employed I'm sorry was there an
agreement with the Russians they would
not employ their defenses and then also
you said the Syrian and the air defenses
did not have any significant impact on
the operations that I said there was no
interception of any of these missiles
that were fired sure so we did no
coordination no no agreements with the
Russians before the strike is important
to know that we deconflict we do nothing
more than that
and I want to say that to the best of
our ability to determine at this time no
Syrian weapon had any effect on anything
that we did Thank You Dana
for you last year when a similar type
strike occurred there was an assessment
that had degraded series ability to
generate chemical weapons he had a
couple months later the Pentagon thought
that that a specific airfield was right
back at it what assurances do you have
now that look significantly degraded
Syria's ability to generate chemical
weapons than for general McKenzie that
slide appears that the new ones were
escorted by us fighters could you tell
us who was cornered the be ones and what
type of service air missiles were shot
out in the air the forty and then
getting back to the Russian defenses if
their defenses weren't employed or the
Russian radars at all employed were they
painting any of the US aircraft so I'll
take the first one last year
the focus was on the delivery this time
we went the strikes went to the very
heart of the enterprise to the research
to development to storage so we are very
confident and that we have significantly
crippled a Mossad ability to produce
these rough weapons I got so the be ones
employed jasm our joint standoff missile
so that was the weapon that they used be
ones were accompanied by us fighters up
to the launch and release point there's
a normal way you'd integrate an air
package to provide protection to the to
the bombers just as the French and
British aircraft were accompanied by
their own fires as part of an integrated
package that provides defense for the
shooters a dish additionally we
positioned defensive counter air around
the theater and in fact that's still
operational right now as we observe the
potential Syrian response I don't know
the answer to that question but we'll
get back to I just don't know that David
go ahead these that these facilities
were reports today that these facilities
have been evacuated in the days prior to
yesterday's strike
do you have an indication either of you
that that's the case and we wouldn't
that to some degree
grade your assessment of the damage
that's been done to the regime
well sure the Syrian regime knows that
we've been looking at these targets for
a long time so it is possible it's
possible that there might some people
might have left it we also chose to
strike it at three o'clock in the
morning four o'clock in the morning
local time
so we weren't trying to kill a lot of
people on the objective so we were
struck at a different time of the day I
believe however that there's material
and equipment associated with each of
these sites that was not movable and
that's the source of the that's that's
what really sets him back and to go back
to an earlier question that's really the
difference between striking an airfield
and essentially a delivery platform and
a research development and generation
part of the facility this is far more
damaging to Syria Michael general
Mackenzie were the three targets that
were struck does this represent the
totality of Syria's unknown CW
infrastructure or were there CW
structures that were you didn't hit
because of collateral damage concerns
second is chlorine the new redline
because the administration monitored the
use of chlorine for many months and
didn't take any action and it seems only
to take an action because a nerve agent
appears to have been used and this the
last weapons question was the chasm used
an extended range jazz emerges the first
generation Jack so in terms of the
targeting as we selected targets
obviously the Syrian chemical weapons
system is larger than the three targets
that we addressed tonight however were
these the these are the targets that
presented the best opportunity to
minimize collateral damage to avoid
killing innocent civilians and yet to
send a very strong message we could have
gone to other places and done other
things but we in close coordination with
our allies decided these were the ones
that that best fit those that best fit
that criteria so there's certainly
there's an element that that is not part
of the there are other elements and
we'll continue to examine those as we go
forward so we did employ the Jazz of New
York you destroyed most of the
infrastructure of 50 percent 80 percent
or you can look at the map you can look
particularly the bars of site and make
your own conclusions I would say they
had three buildings there in a parking
deck and now they don't so I think very
that's probably the one that's easiest
to see because it's a building structure
I think we dealt them a severe blow
there's some left but we dealt him a
severe blow respective use of chlorine
in the future would you administration
didn't act when in the event of previous
use of chlorine attainable that act now
is that a new red line what's important
to understand is that the Assad regime
has a pattern of using chemical weapons
get to some people against the Chemical
Weapons Convention despite the fact that
they had agreed to it and then despite
the fact that the Russians were there
guarantors so what happens next has
everything to do with what the Assad
regime decides to do and it has
everything to do with with the Russian
government decides to enable as well
Stephanie but why does the
administration feel these strikes are
enough to deter the Assad regime from
using chemical weapons again Oh
gentlemen second we were very methodical
and making the decision about these
sites and it was a deliberate decision
to go to the storage facilities to go to
the research and development facilities
that was the difference we think by
doing this this was very successful and
we are confident that we've
significantly degraded his ability to
ever use chemical weapons again response
should the Assad regime expect from the
US if he if they were to use chemical
weapons again one I think it's very
important to remember that we had but
this represents three permanent members
of the UN Security Council who did this
the UK and France are our oldest allies
this is about values we did this because
it's intolerable for any civilized
nation to tolerate the use of chemical
weapons Missy I thank you I just have to
so one follow-up on Michaels question
for you general and a question for you
Dan I'm general can you just depress you
a little bit on the chemical weapons or
weapons program can you give us an idea
of was this it should should the
American public understand that this is
a minority of the existing chemical
weapons programs is this more than half
is there any way you can give us a
better sense of the scale of what these
three sites represented also for you
general how long did the strike last how
many minutes hours and Dana for you can
you just comment on to put this a little
bit in the context of the broader civil
war I know that the US policy is not to
get engaged in the Civil War and that
the objective is to get to a negotiated
settlement eventually but you know we
have this significant military response
to chemical attacks that in this
instance killed an estimated forty five
people at the same time the Assad regime
has continued to use conventional means
to attack women and children civilians
repeatedly using barrel bombs and other
means can you just talk about that how
how should people understand the
difference in the response to these more
isolated chemical attacks and the
ongoing conventional attacks by the
Assad government on its own people it is
clear to everyone that the Syrian people
have suffered for too long and it's why
we are a hundred percent behind the UN
backed Geneva peace process and we
encourage our allies and partners in the
region to also and help the facilitate
that conversation we have a new UN envoy
and this is an opportunity to really put
real steam behind the process but our
mission in Syria remains the same it is
to defeat Isis it is not to be involved
in the Civil War Christina oh oh sorry
it's Christine I'm sorry Missy so your
two-part question first we believe that
by hitting bars in particular we've
attacked the heart of the Syrian
chemical weapons program and I'm not
saying they're not going to be able to
reconstitute it there
you know that's not saying that it's
going to continue but this is dealt them
a very serious blow so but I think
that's that's the core of what I'm
saying second point is how long did the
attack last as you know an operation
like this has many many elements from a
zero 400 time on target which all our
missiles impacted within a minute or two
of that time really several hours before
you begin to launch tankers you begin to
launch intelligence aircraft you begin
to do a variety of things probably a
couple hours before would be the period
of maximum intensity for the mission
that's when you're beginning to spin and
launch the tea lamps from the ships
that's when your other aircraft are
beginning get to the point where they're
going to release their missiles but the
operation actually many hours before in
order to just get set up
Christina what would trigger another
wave of coalition attacks are we talking
another chemical weapons attack or
retaliation and do we expect any
retaliation either from the regime of
the Russians or the Iranians I can't
speculate on what could happen but what
I will tell you is that this we took
action and what happens next is in is
the decision of Assad kind of
retaliation so I can't speak to that but
I can tell you that we're ready for it
we're postured both in the region and
globally we're on the balls of our feet
and we're ready for anything
Tony was this the least extensive of all
the options that were crafted can you
give us a feel for how many options what
put together and was this the one that
would meet at the least amount of damage
so I would tell you that we know that
can't comment on options we present to
the president that's that's a choice he
makes so I'm not going to be able to
discuss that I will tell you that of all
the options carefully looked at a ways
to minimize collateral jam it you
balance always minimizing collateral
damaging it's getting maximum effect
these are three targets that seem to hit
the sweet spot and do that what impact
is a very public prelude to this attack
have on military planning in terms of
developing in a maybe a 21st century
bodyguard of lies
in terms of deception on ship movements
what impact did it have on possibly
launch accesses of the aircraft or ships
used
we were all focused on the donald cook
the Downton cook wasn't you can you give
some sense of that sure if I could build
on your bodyguard or lies comment the
truth is it had no effect military it
had no effect on the military plane
David yes David you say that this trying
to put more steam behind the Geneva
peace process how does this help bring
peace to Syria the UN we have we have
been very clear about the fact that we
fully support the UN backed Geneva
process Sochi has failed our focus
remains defeating Isis it is not to get
involved in the Syrian civil war we call
on all nations and I think the
demonstration of our allies France and
the UK helping us demonstrates that we
are serious about the fact that chemical
weapons use is intolerable
it's inexcusable but we will remain
committed to the 17-nation coalition to
defeat Isis use of chemical weapons
affect the outcome of the Syrian civil
war it affects it by again demonstrating
to the world that this is a heinous
regime this is a regime that murders its
own people
daily we yesterday with the help of our
allies address the fact that they
continue to use chemical weapons against
their own people we continue to hope and
urge and we're confident that the UN
process will move forward but our
mission remains to defeat Isis there is
still work to be done and we will do it
right here were you ready yesterday to
engage Russian targets in case Russia
responded
to do that attack second you keep
talking about the current Syrian
chemical program can you give us an idea
about the size of this program in
comparison to what the regime had before
dismantling it what is in percentage and
third you're talking about evidence of
chemical weapons attack we haven't seen
any evidence really that's what you're
saying however there's an organization
on the ground in Syria the OPCW and it
will conduct an investigation why didn't
you wait for that investigation to end
well let's remember that OPCW and others
have been blocked from entering Gouda
and Duma this that's because of the
Assad regime we need to remember that
everything that's happening with respect
to the murder of these people innocent
people is a responsibility of Assad
regime so we were very confident about
the evidence that we had and it was
clear and the secretary said yesterday
he was very confident about the
intelligence as well as the evidence and
that's why we moved forward we have a
active effective deconfliction channel
with russia it's been used months before
this attack is used through this through
this strike and it's been used
afterwards and I'm not gonna be able to
comment on me anything more specific
program the current program that what
this year regime has now like you made
lots of assessment you have a good idea
you have lots of targets so in
comparison to what that's intravenously
there's still a residual element of the
Syrian program that's out there I
believe that we took the heart of it out
with the attacks that we accomplished
last night I'm not going to say that
they're going to be unable to continue
to conduct a chemical attack in the
future
I suspect however they'll think long and
hard about it after based on the
activities of last night we have a
couple time for a couple more questions
Idris thanks Dana President Trump
tweeted about an hour ago
mission accomplished which of course
historically is not borne out when the
phrase has been used and you're saying
that if
you know you've left the option open for
future strikes in case chemical weapons
are used again
so could you sort of read inside those
two statements mission accomplished and
could be used in the future in terms of
authorities if there are other strikes
does secretary secretary have to go to
President Trump or has even delegated
the authority to carry them out as he
sees fit so I went to your first point
last night operations were very
successful we met our objectives we hit
the sights the heart of the chem weapons
program so it was mission accomplished
give me your second part second part is
the authorities question I mean if there
are future strikes just the same process
of goal where you go to the NSC and the
PCC what is the process now as the
secretary said last night the president
has the authority under Article two to
defend US interest and national
interests and so I'm not going to
speculate on on anything that happens in
the future but he was full this is a
fully legitimate operation Ryan
Mackenzie did chairman of the Joint
Chiefs general Dunford II communicate
with general Brusilov in the days or
hours leading up to this strike and then
in addition would you do assess that
this is actually fundamentally changed
the military balance of the Syrian civil
war or is this I redeem maintaining its
advantage so I go back to some of the
things I've already said about the
deconfliction channel with the Russians
it's a multi-level robust system of
communication that we employ that we've
employed for some time I'm not going to
be able to give you any more information
on a particular conversation that the
Chairman may or may not have had what
was the second part of your question
let's Harry balance of the Civil War
disease strikes fundamentally affect
that or is the Assad regime's apparent
ascendancy remain think our strikes were
targeted to send a message about the
employment of chemical weapons and I
think that we're successful military
objective well I want to get someone who
hasn't spoken the way in back yeah kind
of Channel four News
Thank You Dana just following up on
addresses question this question of
mission accomplished if the mission is
to deter President Assad from producing
from spreading chemical weapons isn't it
actually impossible at this stage
militarily
to know whether that
as described was accomplished last
night's operations were successful we
met all of our objectives we hit all of
our targets successfully no aircrafts
allied ever aircrafts were engaged it
was a successful mission what happens
next depends on what the Assad regime
decides to do right over here you said
earlier that you observe any material
effects on forces during the strike can
you describe any other effects
electromagnetic or cyber effects that
were perhaps targeted towards coalition
crafts and also have you observed any
activity around residual or remaining
sites that you didn't strike that
suggests perhaps an after-action plan to
hide or use chemical weapons in some
other way
the Syrian Syrian response was
remarkably ineffective in all domains
it's probably the best answer I can give
you so they they had no material impact
on the strike as I noted in my prepared
comments they actually typically began
to fire their missiles after the last
impact of our weapon so no snow no
appreciable effect that I that we know
at this time finishers fought other
activity around other sites perhaps
movement of weapons or chemicals I just
don't have that information right now
I'm sorry okay Tom just yes you said
we're very confident about the evidence
we have now Russia and Syria denied any
chemical weapons were used I'm just
wondering why you wouldn't share your
evidence with the world Adlai Stevenson
famously went to the UN in 1962 with
evidence of the Russian buildup in Cuba
why wouldn't you do something similar
especially if there were doubts well
there's no doubt for us when a lot of
this has to do with intelligence and and
I'm very happy to show evidence if I can
but we were very confident about the
decisions we made I'm gonna take one
more question from Aaron you've already
spoken come on and give someone else a
chance
Aaron just a couple of clarifications
next data sir McKenzie you said I
believe they're still in their defense
packages in operation right now did in
case there's potential for retaliation
from either Syrian or Russian assets how
long do you intend to keep that package
in the area specifically keeping an eye
on if there's kind of a retaliation to
this strike and then during the strikes
last year a couple of t lambs I believe
failed just not because of a
interference they just failed were there
any weapons that didn't make it to their
targets this time none of our Tom Hawks
experienced any problems I don't believe
so you know and your last question we
typically keep DC a over deployed forces
in eastern Syria
so typically we've got aircraft up over
them so this way as we as we open in
time from the event going forward the
commander will continually readjust
their air defense posture that we've got
right now is robust and we'll keep it
robust for a while then we'll make
adjustments just based on our
observations of the environment Lucas
general the Syrian government is saying
they shot down over a dozen tomahawks
are they lying and what sharing military
unions did you strike and for the people
at home you explain this deconfliction
you say didn't coordinate or we give a
heads up to the Russians we said you D
conflicted and Dana finally but you say
you want to avoid conflict with Syria
yet for the respect you just lobbed a
couple of dozen Tomahawk cruise missiles
into the country can you explain that
our mission stays the same it's to
defeat Isis but Assad's actions were
beyond the pale again we will do our we
will hundred percent and we are
supporting envoy de Mistura we will
continue to do that because we want a
diplomatic political resolution to the
Syrian conflict but civilized nations
can't let what's happened in Syria stand
so with that I'm going to oh sorry go
ahead
sure so you asked about deconfliction
probably the best way to understand it
is this the Russians don't have a veto
on anything that we do and that's
probably the best way to describe it
we're not going
operating with them in Syria we don't
want to get into a fight with them they
don't want to get into a fight with us
the best way to do that is to sharing
certain information about what you're
doing carefully carefully metered out by
us and I'm sure the same by them but
we're not cooperating with them and they
have no veto over what we do at the same
time we owe it to the our servicemen and
women and those of our coalition
partners to do the best we can to
simplify the environment in which we're
going to in which we're going to fight
so the deconfliction mechanisms allow us
to do that as to the last part of your
question I can't help you with what the
Syrians are saying or not saying but I'm
telling us what actually happened and on
that point as secretary mattis said last
night the Russian disinformation
campaign has already begun there has
been a 2,000 percent increase in Russian
tolls in the last 24 hours
therefore we will keep you all abreast
of the facts moving forward thank you
all very much
