upon a dedicated mechanism to attribute
responsibility for the use of chemical
weapons in Syria end of quote following
the end of the mandate of the joint
investigative mechanism or Jim I want to
repeat today that the norms against
chemical weapons must be upheld and as I
wrote in the same letter and I quote
ensuring accountability for a confirmed
use of chemical weapons is our
responsibility not least to the victims
of such attacks a lack of accountability
emboldened those who use such weapons by
providing them with reassurance of
impunity
this in turn further weakens the norm
prescribing the use of chemical weapons
and the international disarmament and
non-proliferation architecture as a
whole I urge all members to act
responsibly in these dangerous
circumstances and I appeal to the
Semitic also to fulfill its duties and
not give up on efforts to agree upon a
dedicated impartial objective and
independent mechanism for attributing
responsibility with regard to the use of
chemical weapons I stand ready to
support such efforts and the flows
increasing tensions and the inability to
reach a compromise in the establishment
of an accountability mechanism
threatened to lead to a full-blown
military escalation in my contacts with
you especially with the permanent
members of the Security Council
I've been reiterating my deep concerns
about the risks of the current impasse
and stressed the need to avoid the
situation spiraling out of control mr.
president that is exactly the risk we
face today that sinks spiral out of
control it is all common duty to stop it
thank you has unfolded is significant
there are many wounds with global strike
against the Syrian Arab international
terrorism military preparations in what
constitute what would constitute a
breach of international law
not only the use of flies in the face of
the United Nations Charter rhetoric and
action by Washington and waiting
Stinnett it put rhetoric is being
and means of the US Navy and in Syria of
the Russian military and they are
engaging in direct incitement possibly
becoming complicit in a possible
engagement about preventive diplomacy we
either hear them nor see them guilty
parties are identified
Couture Couture state video machine and
apparently they will have to be held
accountable and punished uh plunged many
countries into lengthy years of crisis
and abyss of crisis and untold
casualties have the evident recent
experience of Iraq have adopted a
consumerist approach for Iraq test tubes
or the Libyan no-fly
which is absent after another
following is truly being unleashed only
for the sake of that in such a
development of events most weighty
justification information to believe of
certain countries intelligence services
warned about this long ago it the
pathetic
to need all of this incident
security guarantee you what are you
indicators of national reconciliation
are coming to the fore hello dealt
tutors denied
to achievement of this common objective
residential areas how many towns have
you join ceasefire agreements
painstaking negotiations were held full
conditions of safety and security to be
evacuated to cleanse themselves of many
years of terrorism and and look at their
unbounded joy because released there is
this exists but for some reason your
media outlets are not showing it was no
concern Goethe those from among
supporters of the Syrian government
we're achieving
exchange of hostages and said that they
held two to four thousand now it is
becoming clear that that number is far
lower with their digging enormous
tunnels for their torturers map each
enemy we are pilgrims were sent for a
free of charge tourist excursions into
Syria cry about hundreds of thousands of
people in the besieged eastern Goethe
now that territory is under government
inconvenient discussion for you on the
blockade and foie and cough ryr1 the
last humanitarian convoy reach the area
when did you even look into this to be
to respond for and be held accountable
for Raqqa which was destroyed by the
coalition mr. president there is a
dangerous reaching ramifications for
global security that Old Europe
continues to lose face fold and not to
bring the world it is necessary to
urgently seek a peaceful settlement
to resolve the problems which arise
through dialogue we continue our
proactive efforts to this and fall upon
all to follow all of our partners to
follow suit Thank You Philippa Laura a
lot of 12 min United States Thank You
mr. president
Thank You mr. secretary-general I
started to listen to my Russian friend
and respond but instead I'm in all the
silly of how you say what you say with a
straight face
I really really am today's session of
the Security Council has been called
under truly strange circumstances the
Russian Federation has asked us to
discuss what it calls unilateral threats
related to Syria what is strange is that
Russia is ignoring the real threat to
international peace and security that
has brought us all here and it is
ignoring its own unilateral
responsibility for all of it
what we should discuss today is the use
of deadly chemical weapons to murder
innocent Syrian civilians that is one of
the most blatant and grotesque
violations of international law in the
world today is a violation of all
standards of morality it violates the
long-standing international consensus
that chemical weapons represent a unique
evil chlorine mustard gas and other
chemical weapons killed 90,000 people
and injured over a million in World War
one in the book Canada in the great
world war the Canadian soldier a tea
hunter described it like this quote the
gas cloud gathered itself like a wave
and ponderously lapped over
into the trenches then passive curiosity
turned to active torment a burning
sensation in the head red-hot needles in
the lungs the throat seized by strangler
many fell and died on the spot the
others gasping stumbling with faces
contorted hands wildly gesticulating and
uttering hoarse cries of pain fled madly
through the villages and farms and
through the city itself carrying panic
to the remnants of the civilian
population and filling the roads with
fugitives of both sexes and all ages end
quote
chemical weapons didn't produce the most
casualties in World War one but they
were the most feared in World War two
chemical weapons were employed on an
industrial scale against civilians
resulting in the worst genocide in human
history which we recall just yesterday
on Holocaust Remembrance Day that is
what brings us here today
that is what chemical weapons are all
about that is why we must not stay
silent in the face of horrible chemical
weapon juice in our own time the first
response to all this death and injury
was the 1925 Geneva Protocol which
banned the use of chemical weapons and
more later in 1993 the Chemical Weapons
Convention was signed that convention
obligates all of its parties to quote
never under any circumstances develop
produce stockpile transfer or use
chemical weapons it also prohibits all
parties from assisting anyone to engage
in these activities the United States is
a party to this convention Russia is a
party to this convention every country
that is a member of the United Nations
Security Council is a party to this
convention even the Assad regime
has pledged to abide by the convention
so in theory all of us agree on the core
principle at stake today no country can
be allowed to use chemical weapons with
impunity now that we have established
what we all agree on let's ask ourselves
what should we be condemning today we
should be discussing the actions that
really brought us to this moment in time
we should not be condemning the country
or group of countries that might
actually have the courage to stand up in
defense of our common principle the
principle against the use of chemical
weapons instead we should be condemning
the country that you know laterally has
stopped the Security Council from
upholding this principle who is it on
the council that most exhibits
unilateralism when it comes to chemical
weapons it is Russia alone that has
stopped at nothing to defend the Syrian
regime's multiple uses of chemical
weapons it is Russia alone that killed
the joint investigative mechanism which
allowed the world to ensure
accountability for chemical weapons use
in Syria it is Russia alone that used
its veto six times to prevent the
condemnation of Assad's use of chemical
weapons it is Russia alone that used its
veto 12 times to protect the Assad
regime and to make matters worse it is
Russia alone that had agreed to be the
guarantor of the removal of all chemical
weapons in Syria if Russia have lived up
to its commitment there would be no
chemical weapons in Syria and we would
not be here today that is the Russian
record of unilateralism it is a record
that has led to the trashing of all
international standards against the use
of chemical weapons this meeting should
not be about the so called unilateral
threats it should be about the multiple
actions
has taken to bring us to this point our
president has not yet made a decision
about possible actions in Syria but
should the United States and our allies
decide to act in Syria it will be in
defense of a principle on which we all
agree it will be in defense of a bedrock
international norm that benefits all
nations let's be clear
Assad's most recent use of poison gas
against the people of Duma was not his
first second third or even 49th use of
chemical weapons the United States
estimates that Assad has used chemical
weapons in the Syrian war at least 50
times public estimates are as high as
200 in the weeks after Assad sarin gas
attack last April that kill that killed
nearly a hundred people including many
children the regime used chlorine gas at
least once and possibly as many as three
times in the same area
last November just as the joint
investigative mechanism mandate expired
the regime attacked its people would
sarin again in the Damascus suburbs in
January Assad used at least for chlorine
filled rockets in duma and then he
struck again last weekend and thanks to
Russia
there was no UN body to determine blame
but we know who did this
our allies know who did this Russia can
complain all at once about fake news but
no one is buying its lies and it's
cover-ups Russia was supposed to
guarantee that aside wouldn't use
chemical weapons and Russia did the
opposite the world must not passively
accept the use of chemical weapons after
almost a century of their prohibition
everything the United Nations stands for
is being blatantly defied in Syria with
the help
of a permanent member of this council
all nations and all people will be
harmed if we allow Assad to normalize
the use of chemical weapons it is those
who act to violate the prohibition of
chemical weapons who deserve our
condemnation those who act to defend it
deserve our support the United States
and our allies will continue to stand up
for truth accountability justice and an
end to the use of chemical weapons
Thank You mr. president
what guy is here Pavitra
director-general robusta Guterres for
his briefing call those Ayesha highly
appreciated Aldo Sicilian with Hollis SS
for the ocean mr. secretary-general on
the issues of the Middle East and that
of Syria down here at present Julie are
you sure the situation is perilous soon
for you it is roots of war and peace
don't China following the cold one with
great concern to 18 down to the
possibility of negotiations worries us
deeply down with the present regime is
to loan me a comprehensive objective
investigation in order to write
authoritative conclusions drop our evil
has consistently instituted in favor of
peaceful settlement eye disease and I
have to the routine use of force for the
only threat to use force in
international relations
johani Union naturally ambient we taking
military actions but circumventing the
inconsistent with the purposes and your
face water and run up with the answer to
today's six norms enshrined in
international law and those governing
Juliano religions for woody serious
sovereignty independent unity and
territorial integrity what should be
fully respected
we fall on the party do you remain calm
exercise restraint refrain a relation of
the situation
solve the issue he's fully through
consultation and dialogue volunteers in
Chinese convinced that there is no
military solution to the Syrian issue
the only way house in the island he is a
little settlement so far charges suppose
the UN and plays an active role in wave
guarding they hope the authority
understand all the United Nations and
its Security Council so who you propose
on the international community she she
change hip-hop why it is the diplomatic
efforts without wavering change stay the
course the Syrian issue politically
without wavering TOEFL farmer give full
play of water the road you know the UN
as the main medium money we settle the
Syrian issue comprehensively just leash
and and properly without delay pursuant
to the thrust of the relevant Security
Council resolutions mr. president should
you a million people of the world yearn
for they oppose war Chile at the
situation in Syria song in the middle
and their silly credibility and
authority of the Security Council
that's plenty at a crucial time anyway
such as this you can see the opposite of
the rightful it's sacred
responsibilities emanating rebellion
charter act enlarged with the dignity of
our times
build unity and clean and Sweden I do
it's way among other waste to maintain
size you each is relieved no he don't
angered to avoid war who would live out
the change with the trust and
expectations of the international
community
China is a builder of fire contributor
to global of international order
Soha China Sea and it will continue to
save a pleased and stability in the
Middle East of when the world at large
in the spirit of being go to history and
be responsible
to the people of the world in chemical
weapons
and November
CIRA had previously never once again
the consequences of this will be the 12
times some Russian Federation exercise
Ito's on Russia six times
we saw proof of this once again the
regime has reached the point of art nur
ship which we in issue investigating the
most serious crimes perpetrated
the regime embrace a negotiation mocked
and they have been in the marvel of
international law too
ineffective which is bodied by a
respecting both this council we cannot
allow a transgression of the norms which
are under international law let us put
in the United Kingdom thank you very
much indeed mr. president and thank you
to the Secretary General Secretary
General you gave us a catalogue of
danger in the Middle East including Gaza
Yemen and Iraq it is no disrespect to
those issues that today like other
speakers I will concentrate on Syria the
United Kingdom will be ready to put its
shoulder to the wheel on those other
issues when the time comes mr. president
situation we face today and the reason
we are in this council today arise
wholly and solely from the use of
chemical weapons on the Syrian people
most probably by the Syrian regime not
just once mr. president but consistently
persistently over the past five years
the highest degree of responsibility to
quote the Russian ambassador is indeed
what this council and in particular the
p5 are for with that is our duty to
uphold
mr. president the British Cabinet met
recently and they concluded that the
Assad regime has a track record of the
use of chemical weapons and that it is
highly likely the regime is responsible
for Saturday's attack this is a further
example of the erosion of international
law in relation to the use of chemical
weapons as my French and American
colleagues have set out and it is deeply
concerning but more importantly than
that mr. president the use of
weapons cannot be allowed to go
unchallenged the British Cabinet has
agreed on the need to take action to
alleviate humanitarian distress and to
deter the further use of chemical
weapons by the Assad regime and we will
continue to work with our friends and
allies to coordinate an international
response to that end mr. president
secretary general mentioned the Cold War
the Cold War of course was bracketed by
east-west cooperation we have been on
the same side as Russia in April 1945
Russia liberated Vienna as part of our
joint efforts to bring peace to Europe
in 1995 they passed the Dayton Accords
as part of our joint efforts to bring
peace and stability to Bosnia but in
2018 they refused to work with us to
bring peace to Syria instead mr.
president since the first attack on
Goethe and CW use in 2013 the joint
investigative mechanism has described
two uses of mustard gas 2-3 uses of
chlorine to the Syrian regime and one
use of sarin to the Syrian regime before
the latest attack as my French colleague
has set out UK US and France are members
in good standing of the Chemical Weapons
Convention we are members and supporters
of the OPCW and its fact-finding mission
we would have dispatched an
investigative mission in the debates in
this council earlier this week but only
Russia and Bolivia blocked that mr.
president Syria is latest in a
pernicious chronology of disregard for
international law and disrespect for the
international institutions that we have
built together to keep us collectively
safe by Russia this is revealed mr.
president in actions over Georgia 10
years ago
mh17 over the attack in Salisbury which
we will return to next week let me
repeat what I said in this council last
week my government the British people
are not Russell foe we have no quarrel
with the Russian people we respect
Russia as a country we prefer a
productive relationship with Russia but
it is Russia's own actions that have led
to this situation
mr. president what has taken place in
Syria to date is in itself a violation
of the UN Charter no principle or
purpose of the Charter is upheld or
served by the use of CW on innocent
civilians on the contrary to stand by to
ignore the requirements of justice
accountability and the preservation of
the non-proliferation regime is to place
all our security not just that of the
Syrian people at the mercy of a Russian
veto we will not sacrifice the
international order we have collectively
built to the Russian desire to protect
its our life at all costs mr. president
the Russian ambassador set out what
Syria what Russia is doing on the ground
in Syria he thought this might be
inconvenient for me to hear mr.
president it's not inconvenient for me
to point out that Russia has given 5.5
million dollars to the UN appeal the
United Kingdom has given 160 million
mr. president and this is part of a
contribution totaling 3.5 billion in all
it's not inconvenient to me to say that
it may be inconvenient for the Russian
ambassador to hear it
the Russian ambassador also asked why we
were not joining in in trying to
stabilize actions in Syria and bring
about peace we have tried mr. president
we have tried very hard to support
stefan de Mistura in getting the Geneva
political process underway and we shall
continue to
so but we do not join Russia sadly
because Russia's efforts have not been
to try and restart the Geneva process
instead they have been to support Syria
in the use of CW and the bombardment of
the Syrian people in the area known as
t4 they help the regime liberate this
area but they took their eye off the
ball and - took it back they took it
again
but sadly foreign fighters have been
able to re-establish themselves there
this is not the escalation this is not
political progress this is a gross
distortion by Russia of what is actually
happening on the ground mr. president
these are truly exceptional
circumstances that we face today my US
and French colleagues have set out in
great detail the catalogue of awful
things that are happening to the Syrian
people this catalogue goes to the heart
of what the Geneva Conventions the
non-proliferation regime the United
Nations and this council are for it is
not only dangerous what Russia is doing
mr. president in vetoing our resolutions
and in supporting the Syrian regime's
actions against its own people it is
ultimately prejudicial to our security
it will let - re-establish itself it is
something mr. president that we believe
we need to take action to defend thank
you thank you very much mr. president
and thank you very much
sector general for your briefing today
for your efforts and for your good
offices mr. president last weekend
reports once again began to emerge of
horrifying allegations of the use of
chemical weapons in Syria this time in
Duma with reports of a large number of
civilian casualties like many others we
were alarmed by these extremely serious
allegations and we call for an immediate
impartial and thorough investigation to
establish the facts in that regard we
welcome the
fact that the opcw's fact-finding
mission has been deployed to Syria full
access and cooperation by all parties
must now be ensured
mr. president I want to reiterate here
again that we will spare no effort to
combat the use and proliferation of
chemical weapons by state or non-state
actors anywhere in the world we
unequivocally condemn in the strongest
terms the use of chemical weapons
including in Syria society serious
violation of international law it
constitutes a threat to international
peace and security and their use in
armed conflict is a war crime
international disarmament a
non-proliferation regime must be
safeguarded this is best achieved
through true multilateralism and broad
international consensus
mr. president we share the outrage and
frustration of men in this chamber about
chemical weapons use in Syria those
responsible for such crimes must be held
accountable we cannot accept impunity
the conflict in Syria is in its eighth
year and we are at a dangerous moment we
fully share the deep concern expressed
by the secretary know about the risks of
the current impasse the need to avoid
the situation to escalate and spiral out
of control and to pay further attention
to the divides tensions and fault lines
in the region as described again by the
secretary-general this morning mr.
president we remain deeply disappointed
that the council was unable to agree and
move forward on a substantial Swift and
unified response to the use of chemical
weapons in Syria we deeply regret that
Russia once again used its veto and
blocked the council from taking action
this week of the last number of days we
have tried to ensure that all peaceful
means to respond seriously be considered
we are working tirelessly to ensure that
no stone is left unturned in efforts to
find a way forward in this council the
secretary-general offered to support
such efforts through his good offices
this is an opportunity that should be
seized that is why we yesterday
circulated yet another proposal that
asked for four things firstly it
condemns in the strongest terms any use
of chemical weapons in Syria and it
express
alarm at the ledge incident in Duma last
weekend because the use of chemical
weapons constitutes a serious violation
of international law secondly demands
full access and cooperation for the OPCW
fact-finding mission because we need
facts and evidence about what happened
in Duma last weekend thirdly it
expresses the counselors determination
to establish a new impartial objective
and independent attribution mechanism
based on a proposal by the sector
Journal because the perpetrators of
chemical weapons attacks must be
identified and held to account and to
that end we need a new mechanism
fourthly it requests the
secretary-general to dispatch
immediately a high-level disarmament
mission to Syria because we need to
resolve all outstanding issues on
chemical weapons and rid Syria once and
for all of all of all possible chemical
weapons that might still exist in the
country such a mission would add
political and diplomatic leverage to the
necessary technical and professional
work of the OPCW so we call a members of
this council to master the political
will and to add her to the appeal by the
secretary-general in order to come
together and move forward mr. president
the use of chemical weapons is a serious
threat to international peace and
security
it is indeed deplorable that this
council has not yet been able to come
together and agree on a timely and firm
response even though the use of chemical
weapons weapons in itself violates
international law and a response must
comply with international law and
respect the UN Charter the time has now
come to urgently revert to a political
process under UN auspices auspices for a
political solution in line with
resolution 2254 and for Syria and the
Istana grant us to move forward with no
further delay and live up to their
commitments for resolution 24:01
demanding a cessation of hostilities and
humanitarian access to be fully and
urgently implemented this is the only
way to end the suffering of the Syrian
people and to put an end to this brutal
7-year long conflict
mr. president we strongly believe there
is a way for the council to shoulder its
responsibilities in in court in
accordance with the Charter we believe
there is still a way for the council to
come together and that we need to ensure
that we have exhausted every peaceful
effort and diplomatic option to stop
further atrocities carried out in Syria
to hold those responsible to account to
come to terms once and for all with this
chemical weapons issue in Syria to cease
hostilities and find a political
solution thank you very much
we are in
it's
of chemical weapons prohibits unilateral
the
we all agree to respect unto the
principles of the Church of the United
Nations
it floats the same you look a little so
they are masking criminal use of
chemical agree with them would be
extremely risky alleged violation of
international law say be all el derecho
from the United we voted against when it
comes to resolutions before they come to
the chamber with democracy as it was in
despite their actions
straight to mark the great return and
the
with
mr. president we join others in
expressing appreciation to
secretary-general for his insightful
statement and personal attendants
today's meeting since his election as
the steward of this world organization
he was ceaselessly from
in our opinion a very important approach
namely the use of amicable and
preventive diplomacy after they alert to
the world the Security Council
underlined in its first PRT of 2018 on
preventive diplomacy and sustaining
peace adopted during Kazakhstan
presidency in the council that
addressing conflicts may include
measures to rebuild trust by bringing
together member states around common
goals this has been so specially
important in situations when
international relations have headed
confrontations and tension behind which
the contours of a global war are
increasingly apparent right now is the
very moment when we must exercise
special caution and vigilance in making
decisions about our actions especially
in the Middle East we believe it is time
to tap into all the tools available for
a comprehensive strategy of preventive
diplomacy in order to escape the very
serious consequences of any military
action that can have repercussions for
global security and stability due to the
recent escalation of rhetoric on Syria
and the threat of the use of unilateral
actions the delegation of Kazakhstan is
deeply alarmed by the unfolding
situation which can endanger the
maintenance of international peace and
security we all bear responsibility for
compliance with the international law
and order
none of our countries have the right to
violate the UN Charter and act or threat
to work unilaterally with respect to a
sovereign nation under any pretext
unless it is decided by the Security
Council the Security Council is a
collective body and is designed to take
a balanced decision with regards to the
issues of peace and security we can
agree or disagree but we are mandated to
work together to achieve a decision we
have to be R a collective responsibility
for
collectin believes that the most
effective way to prevent conflicts is to
use diplomacy and mediation but not
military means we look forward to the
next round of talks to be held in Geneva
and in our capital Astana where when the
parties will be addressing among other
issues the stepping up of efforts to
ensure observance of their respective
agreements in addressing the disputes
over the issue of the alleged use of
chemical weapons in Syria in Duma which
provoked the latest tension in
international relations we consider it
necessary to state the following
Kazakhstan strongly condemns any use of
chemical weapons if confirmed impunity
is not permissible
we should resolutely act to stop any
further use of this inhuman weapons but
we should act on the basis of proven
facts in this particular case when the
right doubts on actual use of poisonous
substance callus on calls on the members
of the Security Council to be patient at
least until the fact-finding mission of
the OPCW expert group to Syria is
deployed on the to the side of the
alleged chemical weapons attack and
reports on the findings of its
investigation especially when yesterday
we learned that the Syrian government
had granted visas for OPCW investigators
and pledged to facilitate access to the
sites of alleged chemical attack we
first need to establish and understand
the scientific and professional
ascertain facts after which the council
should decide on the appropriate line of
actions to be taken at this stage any
military action or threat of it without
the prior approval of the Security
Council is undesirable and could have
long-lasting negative impact which would
be most to overcome would be the most
difficult way to overcome and what
result in a precedent that an
unanticipated company
collapsed on remains committed to the
yuan cheddar and all UN Security Council
resolutions aimed at solving political
and humanitarian aspects of the Syrian
conflict we believe it is most important
to exercise restraint and refrain from
any calls in rhetoric that might
deteriorate the already fragile and
volatile situation such pause for
reflection on the consequences is
necessary for preventing international
preserving I'm sorry international peace
and security in light of the prevailing
circumstances we need for implementing
the recent resolution 24:01
by all Council members which is most
critical but equally under the critic
present conditions crisis in Syria can
only be solved through an inclusive and
syrian-led political process based on
the Geneva communique of 13th of June 12
2012 this accept subsequent Security
Council resolutions and relevant
statements of the International Syria
support group
lastly we fool in those views
articulated by the secretary-general on
11th of April about the risks of the
current impasse we are witnessing today
we must at all costs avoid the situation
spiraling out of control
our ultimate goal should be to end the
horrific suffering of the Syrian people
and help them to go on the path of peace
and progress we repeat again it is an
urgent time and need to work together to
restore unity in the Security Council
and achieve its efficiency through
rebuilding trust and consensus to
preserve global peace and security we
need cooperation within the Security
Council to establish a workable
attribution mechanism we also
passionately speak for today in this
chamber let's make it happen and convert
our words into real deeds Kazakhstan
delegation is ready for that and calls
our colleagues to take an extra mile
effort in this direction I think the
great quote
Thank You mr. president mr. president we
thank the Secretary General for his
briefing and deeply appreciate his
efforts to weigh in on this great
challenge we face to ensure what should
and must be avoided will not happen
because of miscalculation now called
thoughtfulness or lack of appreciation
of the tremendous responsibility we bear
the Security Council bears most
particularly its permanent members the
Cold War is back with vengeance the
secretary-general said at this time
English in a mismanaged manner he wanted
to tell us it's very difficult to
quarrel with him his approach was quite
comprehensive for concealing as he said
on the multiplicity of dangerous
conflicts the Middle East is facing his
approach might be better but I choose to
focus on Syria because it is the
flashpoint currently mr. president
following the alleged chemical attacks
in Duma is regrettable that the council
was not able to adopt a resolution to
create an independent impartial and
professional investigative mechanism to
identify those responsible for the use
of chemical weapons in Syria this is a
problem that has been with us for some
time the reality that sadly reflects the
lack of unity in the council even on
matters manifestly in the common
interest of all we indeed welcome the
deployment of the OPCW fact-finding
mission to Syria to establish the facts
surrounding the alleged use of chemicals
as weapons we have repeatedly stated
that using chemicals and weapons is
inhumane and we condemning the use of it
by any actor under any circumstances
one matter remains in that is putting in
place a mechanism for attribution while
hopes this would be done the soonest but
that doesn't mean in the meantime we
cease exercising maximum restraint in
the interests of peace mr. president
pragmatic considerations tend simple
rational calculation suggests at present
that we get our priorities right we need
to live to be able to fight even we have
continued to express our deep concern
about the current dynamics in Syria and
its devastating implications for
regional and international peace and
security
we fully concur with the
secretary-general who stressed in his
April 11th statement that it is vital to
avoid the situation spiraling out of
control
he has stressed this legitimate concern
again today the Security Council and the
principal body responsible for the
maintenance of international peace and
security should not and cannot allow
this to happen at a time when we are
talking about preventive diplomacy as
well as after electing a
secretary-general who told us in his
maiden speech to this council that
prevention is not merely a priority but
the priority now at a time for the UN to
undertake the surge for diplomacy for
peace in earnest if we are seriously
committed to move this organization from
the culture of reaction to prevention
now is the time to stand firmly to speak
in one voice and take proactive and
collective action that could be
respected by all major stakeholders this
requires the council to be united for
global peace and security
we know this is difficult but it's our
conviction that we have new hazard same
option this is in particular the time
for the Security Council to stand up and
be counted the Security Council in the
custodian or the charter of the United
Nations which growing out of the
devastating second world war
promised to save succeeding generations
from the scourge of war this is a
clarion call the council should heed and
act upon the situation should not be
allowed to spiral out of control he's
right the council should listen to him
thank you very much mr. president
mr. president we thank the Secretary
General for his comprehensive an
insightful briefing and this statement
rightly so focused on the broader Middle
East however I will focus my statement
on the most pressing issue at hand the
use of chemical weapons in Syria mr.
president the UN starters starts with
the words we the peoples of the United
Nations and while the Russian Federation
is blocking effective action of this
council on the crimes of its ally the
Syrian regime all peoples of every
nation are outraged by the continued
unlimited violence committed by the
Syrian regime against its own people as
a secretary-general just said the people
of Syria have lived through a litany of
Horrors no responsible government can
ignore the universal outrage about these
Horrors our collective and capacity here
in the Council to stop the crimes in
Syria should weigh heavily on the
conscience of all members of this
council but especially it should weigh
heavily on the conscience of one
permanent member
is our collective conscience that
created this charter is our collective
conscience that created a chemical
weapons convention the use of chemical
weapons is and move unlawful in and of
itself the use of chemical weapons is a
violation of the UN Charter and the use
of chemical weapons is a serious
violation of international law may
constitute a war crime and a crime
against humanity
we strongly believe that the
international community must fully
uphold the standard that the use of
chemical weapons is never permissible
the secretary-general just said the norm
against the use of chemical weapons must
be upheld the non-proliferation regime
must be upheld accountability for
chemical weapon use in Syria therefore
is neither optional non-negotiable the
images of last weekend's attack and Duma
are appalling
once again atrocities have been
inflicted on serious civilian population
once again dozens of innocent civilians
were killed once again hundreds of
innocent civilians were injured the
kingdom of the nevan's believes it's
highly likely that the Syrian regime is
responsible for the attack the Syrian
regime has a proven history of such
attacks in 2014 2015 and 2017 when it's
used chemicals as a weapon against its
own people it is unacceptable that four
years after Syria joined the Chemical
Weapons Convention its declarations can
still not be verified as accurate or
complete mr. president the Kingdom of
the Netherlands is a longtime support of
fighting impunity when it comes to
chemical weapons
regrettably all attempts to achieve
accountability here at this council have
failed referral to the International
Criminal Court was vetoed renewal of the
Mandate of the gym was vetoed and again
this week accountability was filled with
its vetoes the Russian Federation has
assumed that heavy responsibility for
the crimes committed by the Syrian
regime
mr. president resolution for a new
accountability mechanism that was struck
by that veto this week remains the bare
minimum of what is acceptable to the
Kingdom of the Netherlands we will not
settle for anything less than an
independent impartial attribution
mechanism so that the culprits of this
vicious attack will be identified and
will be held accountable mr. president
no veto can buy from our memory the
clear conclusions presented by the Jim
on the use of chemical weapons by the
Assad regime and by - mr. president no
veto can stop our compassion for the
victims of the camel chemical weapons
attack this weekend mr. president no
veto can end our determination to
achieve justice for the victims and to
achieve justice for the people of Syria
in conclusion mr. president the Kingdom
of the Mellon's remains committed to
fighting impunity we reiterate our
strong support for the international
impartial and independent mechanism for
the commission of inquiry for the
international partnership against
impunity for the use of chemical weapons
to the international for this Thank You
mr. president I would like to thank
Secretary General for his comprehensive
breathing and assure him that he has our
full support and finding political
solution to any conflict not only in
Syria while discussing the situation in
the Middle East and especially the
current situation in Syria let me begin
with a very sad observation even with
you
many mostly adopted Security Council
resolutions
satis 24:01 we are still lacking any
substantial change on the ground
fighting is far from being over and
human suffering is tremendous dating
taking into consideration the current
situation and the growing risk of loss
of human lives simply due to the lack of
food or medicines we should try to do
our utmost to find possible ways to
ensure that life-saving aid convents may
reach those in need and fortunately does
not not apply only to eastern Volta but
also to Italy and Aleppo provinces we
have to find a way to alleviate the
suffering of ordinary Syrians
the civilian population in Syria has
already suffered too much international
public opinion observe our meetings and
see our lack of agreement on the most
basic principles arising from
international humanitarian law this
canceled
verse extreme responsibility and we will
be held accountable for its actions
therefore we call upon the Security
Council to take necessary steps to
ensure that all parties to the conflict
especially the regime and its allies
implement the ceasefire enable
humanitarian access and medical
evacuations and fully engage in the
un-led talks in Geneva in line with
Security Council resolutions 2254 and
2012 Geneva communique that represent
the best path to peace mr. president
while talking about Syria today let me
turn to the chemical track a century ago
use of chemical weapons was a normal way
of waging Wars just recently we have
commemorated 100 years since chemical
weapons were used for the first time
on the frontlines of World War one most
in the West and East French British
American and other Allied soldiers were
targeted with chlorine in Ypres Russian
Empire soldiers were dying of the same
gruesome weapons in volume off now on
the Polish territory and now a century
later we are being challenged by these
ghastly weapons yet again our nation's
experience effects on the very same
toxic gas which is now the face of
civilians who sought refuge in cellars
of Goethe and other places in Syria once
a remote history chemical weapons were
effectively ban it by CWC in 1997 we
turn a new page in the history of
non-proliferation and disarmament all of
us at this table
agree that use of chemical weapons by
anyone and anywhere is deplorable and
unacceptable so can we really allowed to
revert the success story of the C WC
will the council Security Council along
to ruin the vision of the world free of
chemical weapons it is regrettable that
the establishment of an independent
impartial investigative mechanism on the
use of chemical weapons in Syria was
heated on Tuesday those allowing those
responsible for chemical attacks to
remain unpunished accountability for
such acts is a requirement under
international law and is central to
achieving durable peace in Syria as
members of the Security Council we must
fight find a way to come to an agreement
on how to respond to chemical attacks in
Syria properly in this context mr.
president we commend the deployment of
the
fact-finding mission to Duma within the
shortest possible time we reiterate our
appreciation to the Director General and
to the OPCW staff for the commitment to
the goals of the organization thank you
very much
which is our shared
government understands against my
country and its allies is in itself
maybe this to the member states that war
in itself is a crime the military my
colleague yeah the representative of the
United States the Syrians that killed
the civilians
government of their own experts chemical
stockpiles in Syria you can enter Coon
could they have simply forgot all of
this you're a u.s. airman yeah pocket
and then should the last force in the
eastern Mediterranean expense will fee
is because they're Sufi Western
affection towards those vile
which is alicia has her by my colleague
the ambassador of sweden
the countries that launched aggressions
against
to launch attacks against
against attempt to impose
but why do I say this is a promise
because George Washington some very
important words to a you asada
Alton aqua will Madhavi sure tell you
about a sound that is the sound of the
cat from the heart of a nation that
wants to live free end of quote
I love you Soriano they also Chelsea
yeah like George Washington they are
doing the unity of their own country no
I meant a logical thing is a church
