the drum of war is beginning to bang in
Washington and the beat is for Syria the
US is again accusing President Assad of
using chemical weapons on his own people
but the basis for this conviction
appears to be lacking one crucial aspect
we're not engaged on in the ground on
the ground there so I cannot tell you
that we had evidence well something is
better than nothing but right now it's
just a feeling behind a possible
military attack is it enough to risk
escalating into a war with Syria's
allies and even a nuclear standoff
apparently yes protection of our forces
I don't think we have to wait until
they're under chemical attack when the
weapons are used in the same theater
we're operating in the Iraqi invasion
played out along suspiciously similar
lines we must take the battle to the
enemy we will take every step necessary
to make sure our country is secure and
we will prevail the Iraqi regime has in
fact been very busy enhancing its
capabilities in the field of chemical
and biological agents one difference
that jumps out is that with Iraq the
u.s. had that infamous bottle of anthrax
as reason to call on its forces in
hindsight it was a completely false
pretext and with Syria they don't even
have that the OPCW the UN chemical
watchdog the height of judgment when it
comes to such cases already vouched two
years ago that Syria's stockpiles were
no more roll on to 2018 and their word
seems to matter little for Washington
there is another similarity with the
Iraq invasion and one must keep in mind
the history of UN inspection teams in
Iraq even as they were conducting the
most intrusive system of arms control in
history the inspectors missed a great
deal and my last attempt to enlarge the
membership of the organization was
convincing Iraq and Lybia for example to
join in and when I announced this to
member states
was a shock to the Americans I believe
because they had plans are ready to take
some action military action against Iraq
the bottom line is the Pentagon is
hardly keeping it's lack of evidence on
whether the attack even happened a big
secret
never mind the perpetrator behind it all
that matters
sticking to the tried and trusted path
