daddy's a crown prince has been on a
global charm offensive of the West for
the past three days here in France it
seems like it's been all hugs and
handshakes for Muhammad bin Salman
he's even joked about having a special
bond
with the French president
that's despite the fact that bin Salman
is the leader of an absolute monarchy
considered to be one of the world's most
oppressive regimes yet on his visit to
France Saudi Arabia's notorious
reputation for human rights offenses
seemed to have been swept under the
carpet goodness I hear legitimate
questions from civil society and from
journalists about human rights and
various sensitive issues concerning your
country we have the choice to stick to
our traditional positions and we can
decide that the first acts of
modernisation of this society will be
cosmetic as the prince was wined and
dined protesters struggled to draw
attention to the Saudi offensive in
Yemen who have been calling on France to
stop the use of these weapons and the
sell of this weapons and equipment to
Saudi Arabia since 2015 almost six
thousand Yemenis have perished in the
war between the saudi-led coalition and
Houthi rebels more than nine thousand
have been injured three million have
fled their homes almac wanted to address
that is promised a conference on Yemen's
humanitarian suffering and even then he
took the time to reassure the Saudi
prince Yemen France has taken a clear
position since the beginning of the
conflict in this war it is obvious that
we won't tolerate any ballistic
activities that threaten Saudi Arabia
and its citizens and maquon made sure
his guests didn't leave without some
lucrative deals between French and Saudi
companies worth some 18 billion dollars
the pair also discussed a strategic
partnership with France and plans to
create an opera francais in Saudi Arabia
and that's the same situation we saw
with other stops on bin Salman 'he's big
ruing the west tour in the US he
finalized an arms deal with 12 and a
half billion dollars in the UK
humanitarian a deal worth a hundred and
forty million dollars was branded
Britain's national disgrace by critics
next
the agenda is Spain where the prince is
set to work his diplomatic cache filled
magic once again this time he's expected
to beef up a Saudi Arabia's military
might
by buying warships and despite
protesters calls for Prince Salman to be
given the cold shoulder it looks like
those deeper pockets are set to keep
governments in the west on friendly
terms with Saudi Arabia
Charlotte Dubinski RT Paris
