hi I'm JK Gonzalez I'm a journalist from
Argentina I love traveling but football
is my passion the 2018 FIFA World Cup
will be held at the other end of the
world in Russia I have an idea but will
we in Baku
it's too honest below you see to be as
it is is a little later Vitaly Moo his
friend will join our team by Mooka I
mean Muhammad Hassan Ali together will
show both the old and the new world what
to expect from this mysterious country
host of the 2018 FIFA World Cup
dear timetable
yeah no it's my Audrina sick skin
someone I got a dog
this part is Amara City travel yes I
know but I yeah I get emotional
Samara vamos a ver si nos Antony mundo
tamuka vamos a lunar soon encoded and
it's a CMOS omission evident this even
previous previous MOCA period he
previous mother tomorrow
my first impression of Samara was its
sheer scale when I arrived at the train
station I was struck by its massive size
I've never seen such a colossal train
station before it's 100 meters high like
a 30 story skyscraper as I learned later
Samara does things on a grand scale
you know we tell you tomorrow I must
meet this cosmonaut you know he is in
the morning with the idea is to meet in
the morning in the gospel of Museum I
don't know exactly what it is but do you
know the question is you know where is
it and how to go there tomorrow in the
at 8:00 7:30 on nurses do it's after I'm
asking you if you know where is the you
can just go smell stops me about your
throat and steam up shut some onion
historico are you gonna help me are you
do you know can you can you help me die
Yamaguchi will I help you yes sir the
girl is oh my god it only took us 15
minutes to walk from the station to our
hotel but it was enough time to
understand that we might get lost lost
in translation that is I don't think
that charlie is going to be of much help
passports Diego pass Papa for italic
airport almost research instruments
towards Yanni penny Marchand Guerra de
gue pinata Tom go yet if these toasters
need more he accomplished pre who else I
have to say to miss Crowley
Samarra is one of the biggest cities in
Russia there are many different kinds of
hotel here according to official data as
of 2017 there were 160 hotels of various
standards by the summer of 2018 Samara
will have five more five-star hotels
built specially for football fans and
three of them are near the city's main
stadium Samara arena the city lies on
the Volga River and you can rent a room
in one of the numerous boats anchored
there we arrived late in the evening and
were starving in Samara it's not a
problem to find a cafe or restaurant
open after 11:00 p.m. at the hotel they
recommended a cosy sports bar it's
decorated in the colours of the local
football club clearly a serviette of the
local patrons are supporters of the team
and they'd love to come here to watch
games on a giant screen so simple and
also the worst thing was like us at the
table next to us some lads were having a
great time it turned out they were queer
fans and they were very sociable guys
they approached us after they heard my
attempts to communicate with Vitaly I'd
always thought the Russian fans were
rather wild but lyosha Sonya and Nikita
were very amiable when they found out
why we'd come they offered to show us
the football side of Samara and happily
one of them spoke English could it be
that my linguistic torture was over I
don't know how long we stayed there but
we returned to the hotel late
Vitaliy and I started the next day in a
rocket or rather underneath it the
rocket is the locals nickname for the
Samaras Space Museum the building itself
is a pedestal with a real Soyuz carrier
rocket mounted on top it's 70 meters
high including the rocket another
example of Samaras grand scale I've
never seen such a tall museum in Soviet
times Samara with a closed City because
many secret space industry factories
were located here the World Cup
organizers decided to use Samaras space
heritage as a trademark the city's World
Cup ambassadors are not just athletes
there's a cosmonaut among them to a lake
Kononenko has been to the ISS several
times and his route in space
who's your first moment your first day
in the cosmos what did you feel Russia
fish linea positive oh yeah we also post
Macias at reggaeton I didn't even so
much eugenicist a animal is women are
assuming atmosphere oh you have been in
the space three times and more than a
year
what can you say about the real-life
circus one of the groups in the opinions
on pelota but almost immediately I said
oh you go there I'll post my seizures
Pallavi Nepal water system can use an
image / / me hmm little casita worst
autumn yet as a moratorium roster Islam
which is see Rio de Janeiro's persona
personal yacht experimental space Angela
Montero it stands for professionals
professional George as an emancipatory
what did you miss in the space what do
you think okay yeah everything is okay
bad yeah
consumes BC which in school Sharapova
but a Muslim Tommy and Usha Dominus Wars
Neapolitans aversion associate he can
use the music comes to experience an
ocean which is a state but still Mia
would be the museum's first floor
accommodates a space exhibition with
World Cup related items displayed on the
second floor which is your exactly work
as an ambassador here in Samara for the
World Cup
yeah also storage courage he presides
Amaro in Toni Kukoc Adina's Steve Q
equal to no center racino epoch Azad the
wolf's America's mixed with some Arvada
most professional cyclists or some our
own Isla Verde - of what - his
opposition governor vetoes easy OS a
terra cotta polyworld space did you have
the opportunity to see some games with
your with your friends in the cosmos
grannyish similarities particular
translator person even a more severe
emotional grew that much
the premier yeah it's always nice to
test romantic respond after cateura
billion in case any Mabini buddha and
mahavira means a chicken at the miracle
football master cosmos least they can a
make up my repulsion we want to play a
little bit this material we call it
metal or metal material that was if I
propose Melanie grow just a very vamos
so Jay okay what the bastard Rosia yeah
hi
chuckles over the circle a soldier died
yeah for sure love selfish the money is
not ravillious if sure that was just a
museum full of American children will
tell you about it sighs Oh sir our new
football friends were waiting for us
when we were done with the interview
Vitali and I were whisked off to a
unique museum devoted to Samaras
football heritage the museum the pride
of the local supporters is in the city
center near kubasov square the easiest
way to get there is by tram
cowfish on our way Nikita and jr. vied
with each other to tell us about their
city for example in Soviet time Samara
was called qu Bishop the name of the
famous Russian politician the original
pre-revolutionary name was restored up
to the USSR's collapse but the main
square is still named after the local
Bolshevik quit Bishop Square is another
example of Samaras gigantism covering 17
and a half hectares
it's Russia's largest square for the
summer 2018 World Cup a fan festival
will take place here just a stone's
throw from the football museum kuba
shove square is currently getting a
facelift especially for the occasion
and where's the museum exactly it's here
in the in this Coronel museum behind
this yellow building behind yes
Samara really is a football town and the
best proof of this is the football
museum it's tucked away in a small
basement on Khruschev square it's a
public museum so entrance and tours are
free along with a multitude of balls
shirts and gloves
it also has art installations paintings
photos fan scarves and all kinds of
football memorabilia Samara fans put it
all together themselves of course the
largest part of the exhibition is
dedicated to the pride of Samara its
crew Lea however you can also find items
representing international football here
a summer school in a shitty she she she
she explained that she has a nice truck
engine screams football just a cool tool
and you can even use Casa Reforma the
most important blow will leave another
Billy film on open and put up your belly
in kuntum of interpreter I can't have a
sicko Mata ki lo Haga lo lo mejor de
Valera near the tango Argentino a guy in
la Sona alma co e otra cosa Mauricio
Samuel telephone interests Amira une
telephone ito own telephone ito curry
leaky our container - hola mama a llama
el Ãºnico quadrant II know
Sambo cimento
say lady pharmacy encanta or romancing
canted or the void mushas how food
bodies of christian appears charge which
periodically shiet of alexander sokolov
a girl protege asana is why arsene
wenger Natasha gia does not intend
10,000 is night Olivia's the image
ferrata but accosted the Sydney Cricket
nama
did wha free Chesterton guru reaction of
the parcel eighty percent ownership
retire Navotas kazamia will stood soo
Miah balloons Yemaya sana in his adult
its
me at a tortilla one pitarrio it's a
purchase get a turkey sweet emoji bigger
Coover petrology
yes Lebanon a unitary and you see the
tragedy with what turkey will be chapter
XI not a good kisser
if personally cook instead she such
trouble what else am i but she we hope
you push my kiss perceive me any
particular color or not some of our
universe to reach a footballer you would
buy me a lot since I met her I wish my
TPT circuit brusquely technicians person
our guide the curator and one of the
museum's founders could almost be an
exhibit himself he can talk about
football for hours even days by the way
Sergey libguide is trying to get into
the Guinness Book of World Records he
once led a tour that went on for more
than 24 hours without a break and a free
arm to take care to suit back now will
show vehicle to buy the $8 for when she
pulls your onion yet she was regional
 acharya squirmtum my idea my
football shoes really connect I'm -
sighs I'm sorry Nia belong the result
sabirah you come down here die or at me
previously scattering stone shows
official history summer school football
in Ashman with you for a moment I
thought that I was in another dimension
in addition to the displays even the
walls floors and ceilings have a
football theme each room has its own
individual design and concept this one
has a football dressing room theme while
this is a local fan zone but the soul of
the museum is revealed in the last hall
yeah yeah
watch when us bullets spinner Buddha's
are simpler to a party poetry such nice
even easier here nikomina bruschettas
who was Rasta rusted cruiser
beer is probably the drink most
associated with football and Samara is
the birthplace of Russia's favorite beer
after the museum our new friends invited
us no not for a drink but to go on
another tour this brewery was opened
more than 100 years ago and today it's a
state-of-the-art facility apart from
tours it also hosts beer tastings
however to get really acquainted with
the product you should leave the brewery
and go to a legendary place where they
sell the beer on draft it's right next
to the brewery why do they call it the
bottom no one knows for sure but in
Russian there's an expression to sink to
the bottom of life which means to become
an alcoholic another interpretation is
at the bottom is Samaras lowest point
admittedly at first sight it doesn't
look too salubrious the beer is
delivered straight from the brewery
through a pipeline and the prices are
amazing just 100 roubles for 1.5 liters
you can also buy all kinds of sun-dried
smoked and fried fish here a perfect
snack
and our beers great too and I know a
thing or two about it it goes down so
easy that you can get a bit carried away
I warn you be careful not to hit the
bottom in the literal sense
oh he dumped it fun
hey welcome and what do you think nuke
do what they have look what they have
good women in the hotels you know Julie
yes this know nice nice nice I think
Samara
I miss you much not yet
tomorrow I was angry and scared because
because of the translation you know yeah
are you to to Bartowski on how are you -
to pass passkey
despite hitting the bottom last night
the morning of our third and last day in
Samara was a cheery affair
it means the beer was really good
battalion I dashed first thing to the
Future World Cup ground
Samarra arena show it name is Samar
Samar arena da Vitali I need to make my
stand up can you call Anna okay
Aiko I'm sure stand up stand up okay
una cosa cosas como lo que hace tiempo
de rigueur Impa raka al menos pero
interesante quenelle mundial samara vas
al tal vez la mejor de las exponent a
senator sentido lo dijo column bahadur
pero sÃ³lo esto sino que de Manos
summary Neos a marine says dicen que le
de Oeste Mira lo el estadio el cine more
DNA form Ariadne anna is a press officer
at the stadium she'd arranged an
interview with the deputy governor of
samara region while we were climbing the
stairs of the stadium Anna told me the
arena's working title had been spheroid
a rather weird geometrical name however
one look at the city's main arena is
enough to understand why it stands a
covered by a giant dome it's a
one-of-a-kind structure he won't see
anywhere else in the world
Thomas Q of evil a crystal if see I see
he is just what emotion besides he
always voted to the series course
possible at any actress to boot popcorn
I know war
no my own pony money is nasty on the
right knee opposed no mutation my
reactor the sphere made of strong
intertwined metalwork scales 80 metres
at its highest point the arena stands
are divided into two tiers and its
seating will benefit from an infrared
heating system in winter the natural
grass pinch will also be heated but that
won't be necessary for the World Cup as
Samara enjoys glorious summers what's
more in another example of how Samara
does things on a grand scale the stadium
has set a record for the number of VIP
seats available 1200 in all Samara arena
will have six World Cup games including
one last 16 game and a quarterfinal
under the spherical dome on June the
17th Costa Rica will face Serbia on June
the 21st Denmark will play Australia on
June the 25th its Uruguay vs. Russia and
on June 28th Senegal encounter Colombia
a last 16 game will be played here on
July the 2nd and a quarterfinal on July
the 7th versus Muslim father William
Caxton cuando se la mamma be leg
resident NASA the Balearic of that gang
would confirm asthma shots with me
astronomy establish promise - zone of
food port of satiation here since coops
mucho year Sam stay on infrastructure
stay on as pollution the territory
dr. Shaka Gita rikugien alias
cinnamon is a scourge to Ithaca a
chronica and somewhere adapt a most
yesterday the decisions issued only
Swiss mah stoah retaliated
at the dog overboard at you don't like
it seeker later polish cattle nom period
was boostin put your
we'll also be two base camps for teams
and additional football pitches around
the stadium the territory around the
arena will turn into a huge sports
cluster the complexes area is vast like
everything in Samara
almost 1,000 hectares it was time to
leave but yesterday our football friends
had told us that we must walk along
Samaras promenade one of the longest in
Europe it goes on for more than four
kilometres in mu cos absence Vitali and
I had learned to understand each other
pretty well and I hope I've now got a
good understanding of what Samaras all
about what about the city this CPL of
Samara yeah the whole picture you know I
can I can sit in my hands if any party
were even a parameter okay Diego look
the building uh-huh go in see panoramas
there to see Allah that Oh John let's go
that we're in classy was of that sad say
this gold police goes on huh this gold
period cause I I will tell you I leave
Italy okay the terminal appearances
Amara c'est termine Innova Masuda amico
Karuna central somewhere at the noonday
Savio grando decadent and emigrate a
muchacha yellow will know English or
uluru so each opens akira frank Amenti
possibly pero la traigo decir que para
lo que venga rape our location okay
Nolan Rousseau con me mica corner more
econ is for so seconds here
we're headed for Volgograd perhaps
better known by its Soviet name
Stalingrad a legendary hero city a
unique adventure with a rustic flavor
new football friends and Volgograd 2018
World Cup Stadium await us
