hi I'm JK Gonzalez I'm a journalist from
Argentina I love traveling but football
is my passion the 2018 FIFA World Cup
will be held at the other end of the
world in Russia I have an idea is to
learn it do you see a little later
Vitaly Moo his friend will join our team
by Mooka I mean Muhammad Hassan Ali
together will show both the old and the
new world what to expect from this
mysterious country host of the 2018 FIFA
World Cup
Oh Keesha almost all the sedan's let her
ask we know Thomas it let assume the
train is a column of the cigar excellent
the result and definitive on incognita
una gran indriya la silla ma chica
Rhonda who RL mundial it's not sure
he'll ever a mucho rue Sunoco nosiness e
que vamos here's a cool en de la Paz
oppa so sis mm okay come on todas las
ciudades hi Kelly I guess Alan trivita
correspondent a ha
please ciao No Mas an almost complete a
blast
it's very convenient to get to Sarang
from almost all the World Cup cities
especially from Moscow and the vulgar
towns of kazan samara and Nizhny
Novgorod there are daily flights from
mosque and samara to Saran ski with a
flight time of around an hour a luxury
overnight train departs from Moscow's
Kazansky station daily at 9:24 p.m. it
takes about 12 hours from nizhny
novgorod it's quite easy to get to
surround spy-car the road has been
reconstructed and widened to eight lanes
for the World Cup by car it's around six
hours his nature brother asked us not to
come as one unique idea you know he said
that this city so famous with the race
and walk racing walk yeah the stove is
the champion on to London
I like this point because we can we can
take it to make sure asked you know we
can walk around Sara's task
like let's go sports ET salons come on
after the noise and size of Kazan when
we stepped out of Saran station we
didn't know whether we'd arrived at a
bustling World Cup city or somewhere
somewhat Karma there's a cozy atmosphere
here no standing on ceremony and you
feel at home
however Saransk is recognized at least
unofficially as the sporting capital of
the whole Volga region it boasts of
water sports stadium an ice stadium the
Mordovia multi-purpose Sports Complex at
BMX cycling centre a ski and biathlon
complex a tennis center and much more
there are the surrounds and star
stadiums and of course the most
important and biggest stadium Mordovia
arena is under construction for the
World Cup our hotels in the city centre
it's about half an hour walk from the
railway station
never principina listen let's make a bit
we go upstairs we put the stuff we wash
our faces and we come back here so fast
and the last one to come here he will
pay for the lunch ok agree
Wow
I wish commercial Asoka stairs let's see
why
thus avoiding Obispo Khushi
Haggar
de Guiche an oppressor which are taught
in Bolivia tales dollars Diego the
lunches on you okay I pay yeah of course
but they choose the place you like yeah
saransk is the smallest city of the FIFA
2018 World Cup it's also the capital of
the Republic of Mordovia what is this
this is tempting to eat something to eat
yet what's bueno
no way - bueno here we're not gonna eat
here okay let's go let's go a little bit
more let's see the city and then I will
paint the evening I will pay the brand
new millennium square stands in the city
center it was open to mark the
anniversary of the unification of the
Mordovia and the Russian people's by
order of Maud obiously der surrenders
should meet plans in a special and
traditional way overwhelming them with
hospitality
laughs let's take a selfie yellow blue
yellow blue switch over to the talent
selfie gone and here are the buses
specially branded for the World Cup for
a small city it's a big event summit
Rica kpop record another one
at a certainly tires maybe
prostitute the door
no yeah ideal to reject the already
purchased by applause yeah
in fact the restaurant forms part of a
whole ethnographic complex antique is
bars and various household buildings
represent a traditional 19th century
mansion it's like a mini time machine
here the ethnic cuisine is wholesome and
natural the menu contains meats millet
pancake or perch at various soups and
broths and of course traditional drinks
Boza Moldovian cars and chinks medallion
home bro it W I don't
it's a poser it's like a soft beer
that's not a casa
I like the local food very much
it's so tasty and nourishing the pasta
Nagato the boy Sherman and you join your
visit
it's as though it was all cooked by my
grandma by the way the prices were great
we stayed at the restaurant till late in
the evening and the guy's got nicely
relaxed for tomorrow I prepared a
special sporting surprise how are you
yeah but there's no boosters yeah nobody
here at any voodoo chance with
near the currently under construction
Mordovia arena they've planted an alley
of trees and late jogging paths in the
mornings and especially at the weekends
local sportsmen run here with great
pleasure and some early prime now
starving serious now okay could we tag
the English Premier calendar uh-huh yeah
cut nanika there's another visit soon
miss Amelia Porter yeah Dena followed I
thought she said some will be a go push
more attack be a great day yeah should
be own communities the most about to go
doctor
Wow there's world champion arena Stang
killer a merited sports master of Russia
and two-time Olympian and actually a
very pleasant and sociable girl so
firstly Seto I see to go to go this is a
good Batali Sasha Mooka hadn't bothered
to join us we agreed however to meet
near the football stadium by the way
Mordovia arena looks impressive even
from a distance the
scauldron of football has been called a
flower of fire Mordovia arena is a mere
10-minute walk from the city center a
hotel fan zone and places of interest
are all nearby the airport is only four
point eight kilometres from the stadium
the railway station just 2.4 kilometers
while the bus station is less than five
kilometres away
mikail Kazakov manager of the stadium
construction project was waiting for us
at the stadium
or some secretarial ha ha voicing cut
off stage on with chat area that he
would
vivillon the Cardinal group with a
natural shot spied yells is the German
who sheds tacky kirusha Rohtak bill
astonished at work actual separation
similar Pollution Act also sequential
concept the most John I don't salute
Mordovia arena is more than a stadium in
addition to its pitch and stands a
business center and a shopping and
leisure center for in one will be
constructed the stadium includes
sections for visiting team supporters a
family section with activity rooms for
children sectionals for fans with
disabilities and a press room it's being
constructed with a view to its future
post World Cup after the tournament the
stadium will be the city's business
center Pinellas na we are few chests
morality carcasses the due honor as New
York media provides procrastinate yet no
way July young restaurants that were
destroyed
spits election party Mira does this
produced Martin a satiric iced tea needs
while social work complex position
pronouced aquapark erased Google close
to an evil fairy to spin a stamp
the Tabler hotel and housing estate is
one of the main world cup construction
sites in Saransk in the summer you'll be
able to rent a standard room here or a
suite if you prefer having a kitchen
will help to save on cafes Saransk has
also made savings on accomodation
possible a camping site with room for
2,000 people will be set up for the
World Cup at surround stadium in the
southwest of the city
alliteration is Elia whatever car
cosmetologist is is bill metal
construction track with one standard
name is to establish Authority polish
any just mention system Democrat which
means worship Dom Claude mansion podcast
dunno yet devilish idea nokia vo corpus
on per diem sustain yet on such as roads
nowadays with Amtrak tonight padishah
conclusive outcome a pasta maker on
catalysis tines for sustainability of
soil form in the summer of 2018 Saran
stadium will host for World Cup matches
on June the 16th Peru plays Denmark on
June the 19th
if Columbia versus Japan June the 25th
sees Iran pitted against Portugal and on
June 28th Panama will clash with Tunisia
strike of soldiers did you wanna watch
you should buy list abolish if we was
gonna here in the city any team maryska
cat command of Gordon for the yeast
Football Club Pardo is just some
villagers can smooch aluminum wilt Lee
is with his owner
Premier League Anana James sugar moves
the energy store food one Kumar would
say well it's nice to join him where is
the cheese grated cheese da budem cook
you fire after walking around the
literally baking hot stadium we decided
to cool off and as the beach in Saransk
will only be opened in a year in time
for the World Cup
then why not chill out at the ice rink
it's funny as this project exploit even
sportiveness corns they still do on Tom
what Navy the sport is this video with
where it lets cake I skate yeah I ski ok
never done it okay yep
actually there are two rings in super
sporting Saransk we chose the one closer
to the stadium
two to three specifically near that
stock unfortunate of really open or
short axon
yeah what I teach is periodic in Culina
boy what a guy they techne open doors Oh
Diego Diego
just chill
Lucar
choo-choo-choo opposite with the yeah
you know what again even like you could
just wash zinc I see with the shiny new
marble own sheets
Thank You a tick we just died of here oh
dear
perhaps the most unfortunate mishap of
our whole time in Russia why did we
choose to go to a rink if none of us can
actually skate Australia more sketches
just move the coaching believe in you so
you know the pressure washer the right
boots issues after pussies after Onizuka
Raja
oh yeah tears to die yes they when you
must have booted voluminous off but
after almost a year salary marks when I
watch the bloopers many diverse be able
to finish right
ha ha ha
Thomas entrando hospital una Ficarra no
say mochila como continua Astoria pillow
and can you move it or not no I can not
normally here no here in Russia and in
Asia they normally one didn't someone
has did they cut here no do they cut
here go home dear
we went to the hospital nearest the
stadium and were admitted after a short
ten-minute wait I hope everything will
be ok
very subhumans to move machine Ocean
Parkway data wolf the opening game
gathers number team enough pocket text
moving the Nova perineum personal
caddy from budget brothers John mr.
bundage
we needed to leave the following day
Mukul felt better and in the morning
before departure we met Yulia it was she
who had caused the incident at the rink
yesterday we're meeting in the
historical main square of Saransk
complete with Cathedral Yulia is a very
nice girl she was born in Saran scan
knows the city very well while we were
walking in Cathedral Square
she told us the World Cup fan zone will
be sited here next year the fan zone of
the city's main square will be equipped
with a giant screen a recreation zone a
bar and fast-food pavilions there'll be
room for 25,000 residents and guests
watching Christina Dorsey was so acute
people much know she despises native
that poor Cooper go to Mars was a
civilization museum in else--if honest
I'm not yet probable insignia anyways
the guy who yeah exactly you've been in
Argentina
let's go there maybe we'll find
something about your family
after to Moses three would say
each network is much experience Jimmy
Pardo quizzical yes because Delaney and
Murdock schooner Oh the smoke she can be
simple not monotonous the Stepan LZ
Museum is just a few steps from the
future fans own insurance as in all the
World Cup city's main cultural and
sporting sites are equipped with
mobility ramps for those who need them
during the upcoming World Cup
at least finish ethnicity report spawned
militarism yet she's done expand not
directly see moon on gear visit this
Resnik Harwood motion reduces me you are
Solana but not speak over to Thomas to
or really smart races step and Asia was
born in the 1870s
his parents were peasants from an ethnic
group called the Asya mordvins
that's why the sculptor chose such a
pseudonym easier people worship rivers
spring the stones and sacred trees and
that set a seal on the sculptors artwork
but economies Brazil Argentina continue
meeting and that's how a realization
it's true there's a small piece of my
motherland Argentina in the middle of
Russia some of this Russian Argentinian
sculptors art really impresses by the
way most works are fashioned from a very
hard wood red kept rat show as is clear
from its name it's a Latin American tree
we walked around his artworks for about
an hour and a half before taking our
leave we say goodbye to Yulia and we're
headed for the railway station but
suddenly mukha decided he couldn't leave
the city which will always figure in his
heart and on a hospital chart without a
souvenir
much items we near amazed me I don't
crow me to any secrecy of immeasurable
mercy on scum costume
with a little sadness and after some
adventures we had to leave Saransk the
smallest and most convivial worldcup
city we had to buy a ticket to Moscow
for muha he needed to rest up for
several days but Vitaly and I continued
on our way to samara samara a city of
cosmonauts and football where even the
football team dreams of flying in our
next World Cup City we'll learn how to
tackle the language barrier what the
coolest football museum in Russia has to
offer and where the center attraction
for the fans will be
you
