there was no trial no discussion no
evidence no proof
there was only judgment and punishment
is highly likely that Russia was
responsible we do hold Russia culpable
culpable culpable for the attempted
murder the pundits needed even less the
name Nova chock sounds Russian means
Russia did it I've established that it
is Nova chalk and that is by definition
of the translation of the name which
means newcomer part of a program in the
Soviet Union in the late 70s and 80s the
points made there are a lot of questions
to ask of this whole mess but over the
last few weeks we've interviewed dozens
of chemists experts and military
specialists and here are their biggest
gripes the Nova choc nerve agents are no
secret they haven't been so in decades
here they are
excerpts from the books and studies
available to the public
neither the formula no the chemicals any
more Russian than air itself for years
now researchers have published studies
and theses on the new V chalks which
there are dozens and dozens of many
developed in different countries in 2007
a u.s. also published a paper on
numerous chemical compounds we were
interested because of their toxicity we
also United them under the Navi choke
system there are more than 60 compounds
here and they've all been indexed that
means someone somewhere synthesized them
and shared the information since then
these formulas or some of them have
appeared in various publications
constantly you simply cannot say they
are a secret there's more to it if you
suspect a potential adversary has made a
new discovery you have to do the same in
order to study the new substance and
make antidotes it's true to say that
Russia is not the only country being
able
to synthesize a few grams of Navi choke
the late 90s all intelligence services
in the West worked on Navi choke because
there were these rumors about a new
military chemical agent produced in
Russia so so I'm not surprised that in
France in in UK in the United States
they have this kind of information that
could explain the speed in which the
products was identified that's the
purpose and that's the job of this kind
of laboratories and there's a whole lots
of nerve agents to go around with more
being discovered undeclared nerve agents
anytime a country and there are many
discovers the properties of a new
chemical structure its toxicity a
chemical weapon potential they must
immediately according to the Convention
register it with the OPCW but no country
does so despite having created many such
chemicals and it really isn't as
difficult as it may sound if it's really
a Navi choke we're dealing with it's not
a real problem to synthesize that kind
of nerve agent all the necessary
components are easily available on the
open market the synthesis does not
require sophisticated procedures any
specialist in organic chemistry would be
able to make it though every expert we
talked to said that you need serious
expertise and substantial funding to
make pure nerve agent of course you
can't make this in any basement the
chemicals are highly toxic and the lab
has to be well equipped with ventilation
detoxification equipment and the
chemists themselves have to be educated
not every lab can synthesize this but
there are 20 or so labs that can the
argument that there is no alternative
explanation because only Russia has made
nova chokes fails
Britain's decision to classify almost
every aspect of what happened and the
investigation has got the rumour mill
running but there are tidbits that have
leaked out tidbits that have the
scientists scratching their heads every
truck is supposed to be very toxic
highly toxic five to eight times more
toxic than than VX which is all already
very very toxic so small amounts should
have killed mr. scribble for sure but
but again it's very difficult to to
assess and evaluate this kind of
question before knowing exactly how the
product was delivered the interesting
thing with Nova chalks is that there are
so many of them and they come in so many
different forms they can come in a pod
as solid as a crystal and even as a
liquid but just to give you some
reference if this was a variety of the
Nova chalks a single drop is enough to
kill ten people ten people within
minutes if this was inhaled even more if
inhaled
symptoms appear and death follows in
minutes if it gets on the skin symptoms
and death can take from minutes to hours
at first one might think that the
scruples could only have survived
because the dose had to be very small
but the reported symptoms don't match
they're simply missing when witnesses
found them they said sir case grip on
was rocking back and forth waving his
hands it seemed more like the effects of
narcotics if it was a small dose as they
claimed that first would come meiosis
then the rest of the symptoms
convulsions uncontrolled urination but
we didn't see that in photos or hear of
it in reports there are many questions
if indeed this was inuvik nerve agent at
work the scribbles were very fortunate
British medics must have realised
quickly what was at work here or else
have a miracle cure for a no nerve
agents there's no other explanation
