the International chemical weapons
watchdog the OPCW has just released the
results of its investigation into the
poisoning of Yulia and Sergei scrapple
last month in the English city of
Salisbury the OPCW says it can confirm
the findings of the UK in terms of the
type of nerve agent news let's go live
to Britain now in London for as Polly
boy because they hide take us through
what the OPCW saying yeah this is the
International chemical weapons watchdog
and they've released a summary of its
initial findings into the attack on the
script house and what we've seen of the
summary documents so far appears to
suggest well that the OPCW has confirmed
the British government's findings in
terms of the identity of the nerve agent
used on the script piles in that attack
in March now the UK government had said
that it was the Naveed shock nerve agent
but it couldn't identify or the
government laboratory here Porton Down
couldn't identify where that knowledge
shock had come from specifically and
similarly the OPCW hasn't said in this
summary where it's come from either in
fact they haven't even named the agent
in this document at all they've just
confirmed the British assertion that it
was Nava choc as we know that was the
British government assertion so they've
confirmed that that is their finding as
well Novacek of course was originally
developed in the so by the soviet
scientists in the late 1980s and they
have also said in this document that it
was of a high purity military grade
Boris Johnson we've already had a line
from him the British Foreign Secretary
who said that there can be no doubt that
Russia was behind the attack but the
information that we have in this summary
document isn't new or particularly
sensational in fact because what this
investigation has done is it's confirmed
and independent independently verified
the UK government labs findings of the
particular nerve agent used so there
appears to be consensus on what it was
but where it came from is still a huge
source of debate
back when Teresa may pointed the finger
of blame Russia she said that it was the
only plausible explanation is that
Moscow was behind the attack therefore
it's highly likely that it's all
Russia's fault but the UK Foreign Office
now is saying that it's asked the OPCW
to distribute this report to all state
parties including Russia sorry to all
state parties party to the chemicals
weapon convention and the British side
is making a big point now about how
transparent and open it's being with
these findings but in this whole
scribble saga outside of the fact that
it's believed that Nova choc now was
used in this attack the British
government hasn't revealed many details
about why it's come to this conclusion
that Moscow was behind the attack
