amazon has filed a patent for so-called
voice sniffing for its Alexa Virtual
Assistants but it's raising fear as the
service will eavesdrop on people's
conversations the device can react when
it hears trigger words in its owners
conversations with this information
Alexa can determine a person's likes and
dislikes to then recommend them products
Amazon cysts that customer privacy is an
important issue for the company it added
that customers voice recordings are not
used for targeted advertising but it's
not the first Alexa controversy with
users expressing worries over its quote
evil laugh something that Amazon has
pledged to stop
are we really that desperate for
approval that we need the machine to
laugh at us
Alexa people have been reporting that
you've been spontaneously laughing like
that
social justice campaigner George Bardo
joins me on the line now good evening to
you George quite a few people are
worried about this Alexa eavesdropping
on conversations do you consider this
something to worry about I think there
is sort of massive concerns I mean it's
you can't help but laugh at what seems
like a sort of virtual Freudian slip in
terms of this this sort of evil laugh
coming out but you know what what that
is a reminder of is that these
microphones are always on and you know
well Amazon Amazon's official response
to this is that you know it's just a
patent and it may not be for a number of
years and it may not even come to market
it nonetheless points to a very very
scary future that you know the kind that
Aldous Huxley when he wrote brave new
world would have done well to it to
envision I think the more famous
narrative in in the West is 1984 which
envisioned Big Brother as this sort of
intentional surveillance device but what
we see with these always-on microphones
is the way our own consumer desires
effectively have been used to bring
about a situation where every single
moment of our existence can be can be
mined for all sorts of data and we're
talking about corporations hackers and
government potentially that can get into
this this you know constant stream of
information about our moment-to-moment
lives in the home and and traditionally
of course in you know most country
certainly in this one the home was a
sustained Cossack sacrosanct space and
governments always had to sort of make
specific applications if they wanted to
invade that home in any way and of
course because all this information is
being transmitted to third-party
corporations there's no end potentially
to to the ways that this kind of
infinite surveillance can be used and
and of course as we go forward the
techniques for how to kind of market to
us subliminally and subconsciously to
get us to you know do and buy things
that the people that may profit out of
us want us to do and buy and they will
only increase you know so I think there
is there is huge worry I mean it's
important to say also that anyone else
smartphone obviously that there have
been plenty of stories in the last few
years about how the microphones and the
cameras and those things can be turned
on by all sorts of people whether it's
hackers corporations or governments but
so this I guess this is only an
extension of a very wide issue that
there's no really easy answer to how we
respond to I'm just thinking off the
back of the Facebook data harvesting the
things that Alexa would hear and many
people would say things in their own
home that they wouldn't perhaps say out
in in a public place
surely that the potential for political
organizations they'd surely they would
really want to get their hand on the
inner thoughts of people when they're
safe at home absolutely and of course
there that there are all sorts of
dangers in terms of any conversation
than one might have that sort of totally
hypothetical that uses certain words you
can imagine the security services as
they always do arguing that you know to
keep people safe they need to be able to
sort of access these these technological
capabilities and you know anyone use it
using a word like communication and you
know it could be discussing a film or
anything you know that that can
immediately trigger the device and the
access of the security services and
certainly speaking as a political
activist and social justice campaigner
you know there are a couple of a hundred
years history at least of the
authorities what wanting to do
everything they can to undermine the
activities of dissidents that might
effectively oppose the the actions of
the powerful so so I think absolutely
there are there huge concerns that way
and and you know I mean that there are
these concerns go in so many directions
to the point where you can imagine and
political activities being effectively
sort of undermined before they happen
because any number of people can listen
in you know government or whoever or
corporation for that matter if the the
political activities are against them
can listen into planning of what's going
on and try and come up with strategies
in advance that undermine those attempts
to expose what's really going on so yeah
I think that there are sort of infinite
potentially worrying implications of a
level of surveillance that was you know
unimaginable
twenty years ago and if anyone had
talked about this it would have seemed
terrifying yeah an Amazon say no
targeted ads yet but I do wonder for how
long I'll have to wrap it up there I'm
afraid pleasure to speak to you George
George Bardo my guest political activist
and social justice campaigner
