French president Emmanuel macron has
defended weapons sales to the saudi-led
coalition fighting in Yemen that despite
the thousands of civilian casualties in
the four-year conflict the pedagogically
since the starts of the conflict in
Yemen France has adopted a very specific
process whereby all sales of military
equipment are analyzed on a case-by-case
basis and on the basis of reinforced
criteria that reflect respect for
international humanitarian law and the
risk of harm to civilian populations
well France is one of the biggest arms
exporters to both Riyadh and the United
Arab Emirates who are fighting the
Houthis in Yemen most of northern Yemen
and the capital of Sanaa are under
Houthi control UN calls the war the
world's worst humanitarian crisis
I'm joined on the line now by Dr Vance
Kyrene director at the Veritas Center
for Strategic Studies in London oh good
evening to You dr. three and four French
people oppose arms exports to the
saudi-led coalition that's according to
a YouGov poll do you think there's any
chance that could influence Emmanuel
macron to change his stance I don't
really think so I think there what
Mohammed bin Salman recent visit that
just concluded in France has done is
taken Emmanuel macron and basically
placed him in a money vault so he's come
out and said you know we're not signing
any any armament deals or anything like
that but we need the Opera House I'm
gonna fund this and we're gonna fund
that when you you film directors to come
and teach house Arabian directors how to
make films basically if you go back just
a little bit on on your commentary the
lady from France aid you know this does
this does not benefit Syria does not
benefit France in any way that is the
question that is the main question that
the French are gonna ask and in order to
do that I think Mohammed bin Salman
actually went ahead and answered that
question before it was asked so now if a
manual McCarron gets gets asked how is
this benefiting the French people he's
got a list a slew of things he can come
out and say and so this is not gonna
change anything
the Yemeni conflict isn't showing any
sign of easing the number of victims
just gets bigger
why does macron still back Riyadh
where's that moral outrage that we often
see from European nations I think it's
it's it's covered underneath a duvet of
money that's where it is because in all
honesty France is in it with with the
United States and the United Kingdom
you know as far as as long as the money
is made you know they will keep this war
alive for as long as it takes and it's
it's already taken three years and this
is the fourth year now and there is no
end to it and they know it is an
unwinnable war they do know that that
you know in spite of all this country's
bombing Yemen left right and center
they've never been able to break the
will of the Yemeni people and they're
still gonna supply those arms because
Saudi Arabia is ready to buy them so you
know we're gonna support that until the
well runs dry and then we'll look at
something else after that dr. Kareem
thanks for your time dr. Reyes Kareem my
guest director the veritas Center for
Strategic Studies
