disrupted entire industries and has
become an integral part of our daily
lives your success story is an American
success story embodying our shared
values of freedom of speech freedom of
association and freedom of enterprise
Facebook also provides jobs for
thousands of Americans including in my
own congressional district with data
centers in Prineville many of our
constituents feel a genuine sense of
pride and gratitude for what you've
created and your lightly considered one
the eras greatest entrepreneurs this
unparalleled achievement is why we look
to you with a special sense of
obligation and hope for deep
introspection while Facebook has
certainly grown I worry it may not have
matured I think it's time to ask whether
Facebook may have moved too fast and
broken too many things there are
critical unanswered questions
surrounding Facebook's business model
and the entire digital ecosystem
regarding online privacy and consumer
protection
what exactly is Facebook social platform
data company an advertising company a
media company a common carrier in the
information age all the above or
something else users trust Facebook with
a great deal of information their name
hometown'
email phone number photos private
messages and much much more but in many
instances users are not purposefully
providing pace Facebook with data
Facebook collects this information while
users simply browse other web sites shop
online or use a third-party app people
are willing to share quite a bit about
their lives online based on the belief
they can easily navigate and control
privacy settings and trust that their
personal information is in good hands if
a company fails to keep its promises
about how personal data are being used
that breach of trust must have
consequences today we hope to shed light
on Facebook's policies and practices
surrounding third-party access to and
use of user data we also hope you can
help clear up the considerable confusion
that exists about how people's Facebook
data are used outside of the platform we
hope you can help Congress but more
importantly the American people better
understand how Facebook user information
has been accessed by third parties from
Cambridge analytic and cube U to the
Obama for America
a presidential campaign and we asked
that you share any suggestions you have
for ways policymakers can help reassure
our constituents the data they believed
was only shared with friends or certain
groups remains private to those circles
as policymakers we want to be sure that
consumers are adequately informed about
how their online activities and
information are used these issues apply
not just to Facebook but equally to the
other internet-based companies that
collect information about users online
so mr. Zuckerberg your expertise in this
field is without rival so thank you for
joining us today to help us learn more
about these vital matters and to answer
our questions with that I yield now to
the gentleman from New Jersey the
ranking member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee my friend mr. pallone
for five minutes for purposes of an
opening statement Thank You mr. chairman
and I also want to thank you mr.
Zuckerberg for being here today
Facebook has become integral to our
lives we don't just share pictures of
our families we use it to connect for
school to organize events and to watch
baseball games Facebook has enabled
everyday people to spur national
political movements most of us in
Congress use Facebook to reach our
constituents in ways that were
unimaginable ten years ago and this is
certainly a good thing but it also means
that many of us can't give it up easily
many businesses have their only web
presence on Facebook and for professions
like journalism people's jobs depend on
posting on the site and this victory
comes with a price for all the good it
brings Facebook can be a weapon for
those like Russia and Cambridge
analytical that seek to harm us and hack
our democracy Facebook made it too easy
for a single person in this instance
Alexander Colvin to get extensive
personal information about 87 million
people
he sold his dad at Cambridge analytical
who used it to try to sway the 2016
presidential presidential election for
the Trump campaign and Facebook made
itself a powerful tool for things like
voter suppression in part by opening its
platform to app developers with little
or no oversight but it gets worse the
fact is no one knows how many people
have access
to the Cambridge analytical data and no
one knows how many other Cambridge
analytic OHS are still out there
shutting down access to data to third
parties isn't enough in my opinion
Facebook and many other companies are
doing the same thing they're using
people's personal information to do a
highly targeted product and political
advertising and Facebook is just the
latest in a never-ending string of
companies that vacuum up our data but
failed to keep it safe and this incident
demonstrates yet again that our laws are
not working making matters worse
Republicans here in Congress continue to
block or even repeal the few privacy
protections we have in this era of
non-stop data breaches last year
Republicans eliminated existing privacy
and data security protections at the FCC
and their justification that those
protections were not needed because the
Federal Trade Commission has everything
under control
well this latest disaster shows just how
wrong the Republicans are the FTC used
every tool Republicans have been willing
to give it and those tools weren't
enough and that's why Facebook acted
like so many other companies and reacted
only when it got bad press we all know
the cycle by now our data is stolen the
company looks the other way
eventually reporters find out publish a
negative story and the company
apologizes and Congress then holds a
hearing and then nothing happens by not
doing its job this republican-controlled
Congress has become complicit in this
non-stop cycle of privacy by press
release and the cycle must stop because
the current system is broken so I was
happy to hear that mr. Zuckerberg
conceded that his industry needs to be
regulated and I agree we need
comprehensive privacy and data security
legislation we need baseline protections
that stretch from internet service
providers to data brokers to app
developers and to anyone else who makes
a living off our data we need to figure
out how to make sure these companies act
responsibly even before the press finds
out but while securing our privacy is
necessary it's not sufficient we need to
take steps immediately to secure our
democracy we can't let what happen in
2016 happen again and to do that we need
to learn how Facebook was caught so
flat-footed in 2016 how was it so blind
to what the Russians and others were
doing on its systems red flags were
everywhere why
didn't see them or where they ignored so
today's hearing is a good start but we
also need to hold additional hearings
where we hold accountable executives
from other tech companies Internet
service providers data brokers and
anyone else that collects our
information now congresswoman Schakowsky
from Illinois and I introduced a bill
last year that would require companies
to implement baseline data security
standards and I plan to work with my
colleagues to draft additional
legislation but I have to say mr.
chairman it's time for this committee in
this Congress to pass comprehensive
legislation to prevent incidents like
this in the future my great fear is that
we have this hearing today there's a lot
of press attention and mr. Zuckerberg
you know appreciate your being here once
again but if all we do is have a hearing
and then nothing happens then that's not
accomplishing anything and and and and I
you know I know I sound very critical of
the Republicans and their leadership on
this on these privacy issues but I've
just seen it I've just seen it over and
over again that we have the hearings and
nothing happens so excuse me for being
so pessimistic mr. chairman but that's
where I am I yield back I think I thank
the gentleman for his opening comments
that we now conclude with member opening
statements the chair would like to
remind members that pursuant to the
committee rules all members opening
statements will be made part of the
record
today we have Mr Mark Zuckerburg
chairman and CEO of Facebook
incorporated here to testify before the
full Energy and Commerce Committee mr.
Zuckerberg will have the opportunity to
give a a five minute opening statement
followed by a round of questioning from
our members so thank you for taking the
time to be here and you are now
recognized for five minutes
thank you chairman Walden ranking member
pallone and members of the committee we
face a number of important issues around
privacy security and democracy and you
will rightfully have some hard questions
for me to answer but before I talk about
the steps we're taking to address them I
want to talk for a minute about how we
got there
Facebook is an idealistic and optimistic
company for most of our existence we
focused on all the good that connecting
people can bring and this Facebook has
grown people everywhere
gotten a powerful new tool for staying
connected to the people they care about
most for making their voices heard and
for building community and businesses
just recently we've seen the me2
movement and the March for our lives
organized at least part on Facebook
after hurricane Harvey people came
together and raised more than 20 million
dollars for relief and there are more
than 70 million small businesses around
the world that use our tools to grow and
create jobs but it's clear now that we
didn't do enough to prevent these tools
from being used for harm as well and
that goes for fake news foreign
interference and elections and hate
speech as well as developers and data
privacy we didn't take a broad enough
view of our responsibility and that was
a big mistake
it was my mistake and I'm sorry I
started Facebook I run it and at the end
of the day I'm responsible for what
happens here so now we have to go
through every part of our relationship
with people to make sure that we're
taking a broad enough view of our
responsibility it's not enough to just
connect people we have to make sure that
those connections are positive it's not
enough to just give people a voice we
need to make sure that that voice isn't
used to harm other people or spread
misinformation and it's not enough to
just give people control of their
information we need to make sure that
the developers are they share it with
protect their information - across the
board we have a responsibility to not
just give people tools but to make sure
that those tools are used for good it's
going to take some time to work through
all the changes we need to make but I'm
committed to getting this right and that
includes the basic responsibilities of
protecting people's information which we
failed to do with Cambridge analytical
so here are a few key things that we're
doing to address this situation and make
sure that this doesn't happen again
first we're getting to the bottom of
exactly what Cambridge analytic I did
and telling everyone who may have been
affected what we know now is that
Cambridge analytic improperly obtains
some information about millions of
Facebook members by buying it from an
app developer that people had shared it
with
this information was generally
information that people share publicly
on their profile pages like their name
and profile picture and the list of
pages that they follow when we first
contacted Cambridge analytic God they
told us that they had deleted the data
and then about a month ago we heard a
new report that suggested that this was
not true so now we're working with
governments in the US the UK and around
the world to do a full audit of what
they've done and to make sure they get
rid of any data that they still have
second to make sure that no other app
developers are out there misusing data
we're now investigating every single app
that had access to a large amount of
people's information on Facebook in the
past and if we find someone that
improperly used data we're gonna ban
them from our platform and tell everyone
affected third to prevent this from ever
happening again we're making sure
developers can't access as much
information going forward the good news
here is that we made some big changes to
our platform in 2014 that would prevent
this specific instance with Cambridge
analytic a--from happening again today
but there's more to do and you can find
more of the details of the other steps
we're taking in the written statement I
provided my top priority has always been
our social mission of connecting people
building community and bringing the
world closer together advertisers and
developers will never take priority over
that for as long as I'm running Facebook
I started Facebook when I was in college
we've come a long way since then we now
serve more than two billion people
around the world and everyday people use
our services to stay connected with the
people that matter to them most I
believe deeply in what we're doing and I
know that when we address these
challenges we'll look back and view
helping people connect and giving more
people a voice as a positive force in
the world I realize the issues we're
talking about today aren't just issues
for Facebook and our community their
challenges for all of us as Americans
thank you for having me here today
and I'm ready to take your questions
Thank You mr. Zuckerberg I'll start out
we go into the questioning phase we'll
go back and forth as we always do remain
it's four minutes today so we can get to
everyone mr. Zuckerberg you've described
Facebook as a company that connects
people and as a company that's
idealistic and optimistic I have a few
questions about what other types of
companies Facebook maybe Facebook has
created its own video series starring
Tom Brady that ran for six episodes and
has over fifty million views that's
twice the number of the viewers that
watch the Oscars last month also
Facebook's obtained exclusive
broadcasting rights for 25 major league
baseball games this season is Facebook a
media company Thank You mr. chairman I
consider us to be a technology company
because the primary thing that we do is
have engineers who write code and build
products and services for other people
there were certainly other things that
we do too we we do pay to help produce
content we build enterprise software
although I don't consider us an
enterprise software company we build
planes to help connect people and I
don't consider ourselves to be an
aerospace company but overall when
people ask us if we're a media company
what would I hear is do we have a
responsibility for the content that
people share on Facebook and I believe
the answer to that question is yes all
right let me ask the next one you can
send money to friends on Facebook
messenger using a debit card or a PayPal
account to quote split meals pay rent
and more close quote people can also
send money via venmo or their bank app
is Facebook a financial institution mr.
Chairman I do not consider ourselves to
be a financial institution although
you're right that we do provide tools
for people to send money so you've
mentioned several times you start at
Facebook in your dorm room in 2004 15
years 2 billion users and several
unfortunately breaches of trust later
Facebook's today is Facebook today the
same kind of company you started with a
harvard.edu email address well mr.
chairman I think we've evolved quite a
bit as a company when I started it I
certainly didn't think that we would be
the ones building this broad of a
community around the world I thought
someone would do it I didn't think it
was gonna be us so we
you've definitely grown and and you've
recently said that you and Facebook have
not done a good job of explaining what
Facebook does and so back in 2012 in
2013 when a lot of this scraping a user
and friend data was happening did it
ever cross your mind that you should be
communicating more clearly with users
about how Facebook is monetizing their
data I understand that Facebook does not
sell user data per se in the traditional
sense it's also just as true that
Facebook's user data is probably the
most valuable thing about Facebook in
fact it may be the only truly valuable
thing about Facebook why wasn't
explaining what Facebook does with users
data higher priority for you as a
co-founder and now a CEO mr. chairman
you're right that we don't sell any data
and I would say that we do try to
explain what we do is as time goes on
it's a it's a broad system you know
every day about a hundred billion times
a day people come to one of our products
whether it's Facebook or messenger or
Instagram or whatsapp to put in a piece
of content whether it's a photo that
they want to share our message they want
to send someone and every time there's a
control right there
about who you want to share it with do
you want to share it publicly to
broadcast it out to everyone do you want
to share with your friends a specific
group of people do you want to message
it to just one one person or a couple of
people that's the most important thing
that we do and I think that in the
product that's quite clear I do think
that we can do a better job of
explaining how advertising works there
is a common misperception as you say
that it's just reported often keeps on
being reported that for some reason we
sell data I can't be clearer on this
topic we don't sell data that's not how
advertising works and I do think we
could probably be doing a clearer job
explaining that given the misperceptions
that are out there given the situation
are can you manage the issues that are
before you or does Congress need to
intercede I'm gonna leave that because
I'm out I'm over my time that and I want
to flag an issue the Vietnam veterans
Americans of race two will get back with
your staff on that about some fake pages
that are up
I want to stay on schedule so with that
I'll yield to mr. pallone for four
minutes
Thank You aye mr. Zeigler you talked
about how positive and optimistic you
are and I'm I guess I'm sorry because
I'm not I don't have much faith in
corporate America and I certainly don't
have much faith in their GOP allies here
in Congress um I really look at
everything in turn that this committee
does or most of what this committee does
in terms of the right to know
in other words they I always fear that
people you know the go onto Facebook
they don't necessarily know what's
happening or what's going on with their
data and so to the extent that we could
pass legislation which I think we need
and you said that we probably should
have some legislation I want that
legislation to give people the right to
know to empower them to to you know
provide more transparency I guess is the
best way to both so I'm looking at
everything through that sort of lens so
just let me issue three quick questions
I'm going to ask you to answer yes or no
because of the time yes or no is
Facebook limiting the amount or type of
data Facebook itself collects or uses
congressman yes we limit a lot of the
data that we collect and use but see I
don't see that in the announcements
you've made like you've made all these
announcements the last few days about
the changes you're gonna make and I
don't really see how that how those
announcements or changes limit the
amount or type of data that Facebook
collects or uses in an effective way but
let me go to the second one again this
is my concern that users currently may
not know or take affirmative action to
protect their own privacy yes or no is
Facebook changing any user default
settings to be more privacy protective
congressman yes in response to these
issues we've changed a lot of the way
that our platform works so that way
developers can't get access to as much
information let's see again I don't see
that in in the changes you that you
proposed I don't really see any way that
these users default settings you're
you're changing these users default
settings in a way that it's going to be
more privacy protection but let me
protected but let me go to the third one
yes or no will you commit to changing
all the user default settings to
minimize to the greatest extent possible
the collection and user and use of users
data and you make that commitment
congressman we try to collect and and
give people to your bill I'd like you to
answer yes or no if you could will you
make the commitment to change all the
user to changing all the user default
settings to minimize to the greatest
extent possible the collection and use
of users data that's I don't think
that's hard for you to say yes to unless
I'm missing something
congressman this is a complex issue that
I think is deserves more than a one-word
answer well again that's disappointing
to me because I think you should make
that commitment and maybe what we could
do is follow up with you on this if
possible if that's okay we can do that
follow-up yes all right
now you said yesterday that each of us
owns the content that we put on Facebook
and the Facebook gives some control to
consumers over their content but we know
about the problems with Cambridge
analytic oh I know you change your rules
in 2014 and again this week but you
still allow third parties to have access
to personal data how can consumers have
control over their data when Facebook
doesn't have control over the data
itself that's my concern
last question congressman what we
allowed what we allow our developer
platform is for people to choose to sign
into other apps and bring their data
with them that's something that a lot of
people want to be able to do the reason
why we built the developer platform in
the first place was because we thought
it would be great if more experiences
that people had could be more social so
if you could have a calendar that showed
your friends birthdays if you could have
an address book that had pictures of
your friends in it if you could have a
map that showed your friends addresses
on it in order to do that you need to be
able to sign into an app bring some of
your data and some of your friends data
and that's what we built now since then
we've recognized that that can be used
for abuse - so we've limited so now
people can only bring their data when
they go to an app but that's something
that a lot of people do on a day to day
basis is sign into apps
and websites were there with Facebook
and that's something we're gonna have to
yeah I know Isis it's not enough people
aren't empowered enough to really make
those decisions in a positive here now
recognizes former chairman of the
committee mr. Barton of Texas for four
minutes
well thank you and thank you mr.
Zuckerberg for being here people need to
know that you here voluntarily you're
not here because you've been subpoenaed
so we appreciate that
sitting behind you have the gentleman
used to be counsel for the committee mr.
Jim Barnett and if he's affiliated with
Facebook you've got a good one if he's
not he's just got a great seat I don't
know what it is I'm gonna read you a
question that I was asked I got this
through Facebook and I've got dozens
like this so my first question please
ask mr. Zuckerberg why is Facebook
censoring conservative bloggers such as
Dimond and silk Facebook called them
unsafe to the community that is
ludicrous they hold conservative views
that isn't unsafe what's your response
to Congress has been in that specific
case our team made an enforcement error
and we have already gotten in touch with
them to reverse it well Facebook does
tremendous good when when I met you in
my office eight years ago you don't
remember that but I've got a picture of
you when you had curly hair and Facebook
had 500 million users now it's got over
two billion that's a success story in
anybody's book it's such an integral
part of certainly young Americans lives
that you need to work with Congress and
the community to ensure that it is a
neutral safe in to the largest extent
possible private platform do you agree
with that congressman I do agree that we
should work to give people the fullest
free expression that is possible that's
what when I talk about giving people a
voice that's what I care about
okay
let's talk about children children can
get a Facebook account of their own I
believe starting at age 13 is that not
correct
congressman that's correct okay is there
any reason that we couldn't have just a
no data sharing policy period until
you're 18 just if you're a try a child
with your own Facebook account until you
reach the age of 18 you know it's it's
you know you can't share anything it's
it's their data their picture it doesn't
it doesn't go anywhere nobody gets to
scrape it nobody gets to access it it's
absolutely totally private well it's for
children what's wrong with that
congressman we have a number of measures
in place to protect minors specifically
we make it so that adults can't contact
minors who they aren't already friends
with we make it so that certain content
that may be inappropriate for minors we
don't show the reality that we see is
that teens often do want to share their
opinions publicly and that's a service
that when we would let them opt in to do
that yes we do but don't you know unless
they specifically allow it then don't
allow it that's my point
congressman every time that someone
chooses to share something on Facebook
you go to the app right there it says
who do you want to share with when you
sign up for a Facebook account
it starts off sharing with just your
friends if you want to share it publicly
you have to specifically go and change
that setting to be sharing publicly
every time that out of time I I actually
use Facebook and you know I know if you
take the time you can go to your privacy
and click on that and you can go to your
settings and click on that you can
pretty well set up your Facebook account
to be almost totally private but you
have to really work at it and my time is
expired hopefully we can do some
questions in writing as a follow up
absolutely hear me sure now recognizes
the
from Illinois mr. rush for four minutes
for questions Thank You mr. chairman
Sheila's vagina
eople nominee Bassel air dansker free
mr. Corelli resist Caligula see a mojit
order Amara a daily
