shame the Russians all US officials
think they have to do as say one word
kids the Russian regime whose hands are
all covered in the blood of Syrian
children cannot be ashamed by pictures
of its victims we've tried that before
you see mrs. Hayley said it out loud
they're used to telling the world about
kids
Russia's friends killed with the latest
chemical attack call like always the
American media were there to spread the
word these images are so disturbing the
children the families in such distress
what you see around their mouth appears
to be foam that's a sign of a chemical
attack horrific images of Syrian
children fighting for breath the u.s.
accusing Russia and Syrian President
Assad ruined children's lives thousands
of graves that weren't meant to be dug
so early stories from war ravaged parts
of the Middle East will make you cry and
all of them must be told but I can't
help asking why for US officials or
journalists these agonizing stories from
Mosul Iraq or Raqqa in Syria don't exist
no on some channels you'll never see
their stories maybe because their scars
are how America's top military man puts
it a fact of life civilian casualties
are a fact of life civilians will get
caught in the crossfire civilians will
get hurt savants will get killed if you
want to liberate your towns and cities
it comes at a price the responsibility
for civilian casualties in Iraq and
Syria lies with Isis that is on them not
on us we are the good
and the innocent people on a battlefield
know the difference kids lives in
another Arab country Yemen have turned
into a disaster that's a fact
so say humanitarian groups and it is a
fact of life in a sense that Washington
is pretty much at hand when Saudi Arabia
is bombing civilians across the border
the Saudis have spent billions on what
Uncle Sam has to offer and Donald Trump
loves selling guns to Riyadh in terms of
dollars three billion dollars five
hundred and thirty three million dollars
five hundred and twenty five million
dollars besides in case someone forgot
the Americans themselves have for years
been taken away innocent lives in
Afghanistan when the explosions happen I
was with my uncle and cousins American
soldiers opened fire and a bullet flew
by my face this is my younger brother
Farrah Diller he was killed by US troops
this is my brother sharafat also killed
and this is my father's Eagle who was
killed as well I want the government to
avenge my father and kill his killers
the Russian regime whose hands are all
covered in the blood of Syrian children
cannot be ashamed by pictures of its
victims we've tried that before
I'm Ilya Pete Franco in Moscow
