the UN Security Council has held an
emergency meeting in New York at that
meeting both Russian and US proposals on
a mechanism to investigate serious
alleged chemical attack failed to pass
through Washington's resolution was
vetoed by Moscow while two consecutive
Russian proposed drafts then failed to
get the necessary minimum votes over the
details let's cross live now to artis
Keller Morphin in New York hi there
Caleb so can you tell us the latest
well when the meeting concluded there
was no resolution now the countries that
make up the 15-member body that lead the
United Nations had not come to an
agreement now representing Russia
nough been Ziya of the Russian
Federation he spoke and he basically
pointed out that Russia's resolution
would have mandated that the OPCW
chemical experts that are on their way
to Syria actually visit the site in duma
and actually visit the site where the
alleged chemical attack took place and
get to the bottom of what exactly
happened not simply assign blame but
determine what went on in duma
furthermore Russia was willing to
provide military escorts and basically
make sure that the chemical experts were
safe when they visited the site now
nough benzio was quite clear about the
threat that that vetoing this resolution
posed and how the world is in kind of a
dangerous situation as we see a clear
disagreement over Syria and how to move
forward this is the representative of
the Russian Federation speaking to the
UN Security Council this is something
that says a lot to us and worries us a
lot it's not clear to us why they voted
against the resolution
maybe the UK ambassador has given an
answer to it they simply should have
said they were against it because it was
Russia's resolution you say we are good
at playing games but I would say you are
good at threatening and your threats to
Syria worry us a lot now nikki Haley
representing the United States when she
spoke she criticized and urged countries
to vote against Russia's resolution
because she said that
gave Russia too much power and as she
put it put them in the driver's seat
that was her logic and our argument 'no
ben xia characterized the u.s.
resolution as simply recreating the gym
and now nikki haley said that the
russian resolution well this is what she
had to say about it nikki Haley the
resolution puts Russia and the Assad
regime itself in the driver's seat for
making arrangements for the fact-finding
mission investigators we're just
supposed to trust that the same
government who says everything about the
duma attack was fake will work in good
faith with the OPCW now Russia's medical
experts and chemical experts have
visited this site of the alleged
chemical attack in duma and they are
saying they just don't see the evidence
they're not finding traces of the
chemical they're not finding victims in
hospitals or dead bodies and they're
furthermore there they're not finding
any eyewitnesses that say they saw an
attack take place now interestingly we
have heard from heather Nauert the
spokesperson for the US State Department
and unlike nikki Haley and some of the
other forces she is not ready to say who
is to blame for this attack she says
that the State Department United States
does not know who carried out this
chemical attack this is Heather Nauert
of the US State Department now we do
know that some sort of a substance was
used a chemical was used we're just not
sure at this point today exactly what
was we used now at this point chemical
inspectors from the OPCW chemical
experts technicians are on their way to
Syria but the 15-member body that leads
the United Nations has not agreed on
what their mission will be both
resolutions the one from Russia and the
one from the United States have been
defeated they've been vetoed so it's
it's it's pretty clear that there is not
unity in the international community
about what the OPCW will be doing now
every country agreed that the use of
chemical weapons was unacceptable and
they also agreed that there needed to be
an investigation to determine what
exactly happened however the nature of
that investigation that was the point of
disagreement and
was not a resolution at this point there
is not a unified agreement and there is
not a resolution that's been passed by
the 15 member body the United Nations
Security Council which leads the United
Nations it sounds like we have a
position of stalemate Caleb Martin in
New York thank you very much indeed
thank you well these are the pictures
from inside duma at the scene of the
alleged attack russia's military and
chemical experts searched the area but
couldn't find any traces of banned
substances and that neither did they
find any patients treated for chemical
poisoning in dumas hospitals this has
led Russia to claim the reported
chemical attack is fake and has been
staged well to discuss this issue
further we are now joined by former US
diplomat Jim Jastrow Jim thank you very
much indeed for joining us on quite a
night there I mean yeah I mean what can
we expect now from the US now that the
UN Security Council meeting has failed
to adopt a course of action it's not
clear over the last day or so the the
word from the White House from all the
US government spokespeople seems to be
that a decision was imminent and
military action itself might be imminent
on the same pattern as we saw a year ago
over the cocoon incident on the other
hand there's been a report today that
some kind of high-level meeting between
military experts Russian and American is
supposed to take place next week
according to the report we just heard
OPCW investigators are on their way to
duma maybe there is a sliver of hope
that the attack will be held off until
some cooler heads prevail but my fear is
that the exact opposite will occur that
the attack will be launched in order to
prevent a neutral investigation by the
OPCW let's remember unlike the previous
alleged chemical weapon uses in Syria
where the the spot of the alleged attack
was held by the jihadists who prevented
an investigation here we now have the
Syrian government in control of Duma and
opening the doors for the international
inspectors to come in and make an
impartial investigation let's hope that
takes place but also in the meantime the
US State Department they don't know what
can
weapon was used but are as you said
considering that military option I mean
why is it this rush to strike
I think the rush to strike is to print
precisely prevent a real investigation
let's be honest about this Kate this has
nothing to do with the alleged use of
chemical weapons this has everything to
do with a geopolitical agenda that wants
to put the Iranians in a box wants to
confront the Russians in Syria that is
really upset over the thought that the
effort and that's been going on for
seven years by Western powers and our
local friends like like Saudi Arabia has
failed and that the Assad government
will remain in power they've been
seeking a pretext to try to change that
maybe to kill Assad and that's this is
what they have fastened on to remember
the Russians have been warning for for
weeks against the provocation of this
sort and they're right on cue right
after President Trump says we're getting
out of Syria this happened so this
really has nothing to do with the truth
or falsehood of the allegations about
Duma so on that basis then I mean the
prospect of Washington holding off on
taking action in Syrian so at least the
OPCW investigations taking place is
unlikely then there's only one man who
could make that happen and that is
president Trump the guy in a sense who
started this whole thing by about a week
ago saying we're getting out of Syria -
has finished we have no further business
there that provoked this huge reaction
across the political spectrum from the
neoconservatives to the liberal
interventionist and the democratic party
to say no we can't have that something's
got to be done well as it turns out what
got done was this provocation in Duma
can he stand against that his recent
words indicate that he's been flipped
maybe not maybe he'll actually will put
the brakes on and say hold on let's see
what's going on and of course if he does
that he'll be the accusations will be
redoubled against him that he's just a
puppet of ludie Mir Putin well let's
also her listen to what the British
ambassador had to say they had tough
words for Russia for vetoing the US
draft resolution let's just have a quick
listen to what she had to say conversely
by vetoing Russia has crossed a line in
the international order I mean what does
she mean by that line remark what do you
think
Kate with all due respect Britain has
even less credibility and all this than
the United States does let's let's
remind everybody of the tha scruple
affair that's been playing out over the
last few weeks that they are making
these accusations for political reasons
the same way that the that nikki Haley
and the the Washington authorities are
again it has nothing to do with the
truth and falsehood of whether or not
chemical weapons were used in Douma or
who you use them it has to do with their
political agenda in Syria as well let's
also listen to what nikki Haley said she
said the UN has proved its uselessness
let's have a listen yesterday I said
that history will record this moment
when we either lived up to our
responsibilities as a Security Council
or showed our complete failure to
protect the Syrian people today we have
our answer what do you think of that
claim then for seven years the so-called
international community that she's
referring to has been supporting these
vicious jihad groups trying to overthrow
us a secular government that would
Massacre all the Alawite so would
massacre all the Christians that's her
idea of defending the Syrian people this
this is beyond this is beyond bizarre
this this is really really reprehensible
that somebody would distort the
realities in Syria in that way this has
nothing to do with with defending the
Syrian people and has everything to do
with fording a geopolitical agenda of
overthrowing the legitimate government
in Syria worrying time zone like Jim
Josh was former US diplomat many thanks
for your thoughts thank you thank you
well despite the obvious tension between
the Russian and American envoys before
the meeting they still exchanged a
friendly kiss they also talked for a
while with Vaseline Orencia seeming
unwilling to let nikki Haley go the chat
ended with a handshake well meanwhile
the EU Organization for the safety of
air navigation has issued an alert it
says all flights in the Mediterranean
area within the next 72 hours should
exercise caution in planning due to
possible air strikes in Syria
Russia's a Federal Air Transport Agency
also informed the country's airlines of
possible danger in the area European
powerhouses Germany in France have also
issued their own statements on the
situation blaming Russia for its alleged
obstruction of the investigation as
ourselves with us internationally Russia
so far been preventing opportunities to
examine things and ascertain
responsibility we don't see this
approach as constructive or satisfying
it can't continue like that any more
any decision would take will not affect
serious allies but if the decision is
taken it it will of course target
serious chemical capabilities
