can be a quick round of questions just
so I make sure I understand your
previous testimony specifically with
regard to the process by which Cambridge
analytic I was able to purchase facebook
users data so it was an app developer
Alexander Cogan he collected data via a
personality quiz is that correct yes
okay and he thereby is able to gain
access of not only the people who took
the quiz but their network is that
correct - senator yes the terms of the
platform at the time allowed for people
to share their information and some
basic information about their friends as
well and we've since changed that as of
2014 now that's not possible
and so I in total about 87 million
Facebook users you earlier testified
about the two types of ways you gain
data one is what is voluntarily shared
by Facebook members and users and the
other is in order to I think you said
improve your advertising experience
whatever that exactly means the data the
Facebook collects in order to customize
or focus on that did was a Alexander
Cogan able to get both of those sets of
data or just what was voluntarily
entered by the user yes that's a good
question
it was just a subset of what was entered
by the person and so a subset of the 95
I categories of data that you keep yes
when you sign in an app you the app
developer has to say here are the types
of data that from you that I'm asking
for including public information like
your name and profile the pages you
follow other interests on your profile
that kind of content okay the app
developer s to disclose that upfront and
you agree to it okay I so in answer to a
couple of other senators questions a
specifically senator Fisher you talked
about Facebook storing this data and I
think you just talked about the data
being in the system
I wonder if I outside of the way in
which Alexander Cogan was able to access
this data whether you could Facebook be
vulnerable to a data breach or hack why
or why not well there are many kinds of
security threats that a company like
ours faces including people trying to
break into our security systems and if
you believe that you had been hacked do
you believe you would have the duty to
inform those who were impacted yes okay
do you know whether Alexander Kogan's
sold any of the data he collected with
anyone other than Cambridge analytic a
senator yes we do he sold it to a couple
of other firms can you identify them yes
there's one called you Noah
and there may have been a couple of
others as well and for me after they do
I appreciate that and then how much do
you know or have you tried to find out
how Cambridge analytical used the data
while they had it before you believe
they deleted it since we just heard that
they didn't delete it about a month ago
we've kicked off an internal
investigation to see if they use that
data and any of their ads for example
that investigation is still underway and
we will we can come back to with the
results of that once we have that okay
when I switch to my home state of
Wisconsin according to press reports my
home state of Wisconsin was a major
target of Russian bought ads on Facebook
in the 2016 election these divisive ads
touching on a number of very polarizing
issues were designed to interfere with
our election we've also learned that
Russian actors using another platform
Twitter I similarly targeted Wisconsin
with divisive content aimed at sowing
division and dissent including in the
wake of a police involved shooting in
Milwaukee's Sherman Park neighborhood in
August of 2016 now I find some
encouragement in the steps you've
outlined today to provide greater
transparency regarding political ads I
do want to get further information on
how you can be confident that you have
excluded entities based outside of the
United States we'll follow up on that
and then I think on that topic
if you require disclosure of a political
ads sponsor what sort of transparency I
will you be able to provide with regard
to people who weren't the subject of
that ad seeing its content
senator you'll be able to go to any page
and see all of the ads that that page
has run so if someone is running a
political campaign for example and
they're targeting one district with one
ad and another district with another
historically it's been hard to track
that down but now it'll be very easy
you'll just be able to look at all the
ads that they've run the targeting
associated with each to see what they're
saying to different to different folks
and in in some cases how much they're
spending on the ads and all the relevant
information this is an area where I
think more transparency will really help
discourse overall and root out foreign
interference in elections
thank you Mary Baldwin senator Johnson
Thank You mr. chairman Thank You mr.
Zuckerberg for testifying here today do
you have any idea how many of your users
actually read the Terms of Service the
privacy policy the statement of rights
and responsibilities I me actually read
it senator I do not would you imagine is
a very small percentage senator who read
the whole thing I would imagine that
problem
most people do not read the whole thing
but everyone has the opportunity to and
consents to it well I agree but that's
kind of true of every application where
you want to get to it and you have to
agree to it and people just press that
agree
the vast majority correct senator it's
really hard for me to think a full
assessment but common sense will tell
you that would be probably the case with
all this publicity have you documented
any kind of backlash from Facebook users
and means has there been a dramatic
fall-off and number of people who
utilize Facebook because of these
concerns senator there has not you have
any witness to any senator there was a
movement where some people were
encouraging their friends to delete
their account and I think that that got
shared a bunch so it's kind of safe to
say that Facebook users don't seem to be
overly concerned about all these
revelations although obviously Congress
apparently is well senator I think
people are concerned about it and I
think these are incredibly important
issues that people want us to address
and I think people have told us that
very clearly it seems like Facebook
users still want to use the platform
because they enjoy sharing photos and
they they share the connectivity with
the family members that type of thing
and that overrides their concerns about
privacy you talk about the user owns the
data know their number vendor number of
proposals of having that data stay at
the user and allow the user to monetize
themselves your CEO oh no Sandberg
mentioned possibly if you can't utilize
that data to sell advertising perhaps we
charge people to go onto Facebook have
you thought about that model where the
user data is actually monetized by the
actual user senator I'm not sure exactly
how it would work for it to be monetized
by the the person directly in general
where we believe that the ads model is
the right one for us because it aligns
with our social mission of trying to
connect everyone and bring the world
closer together but you're aware of
people making that kind of proposal
correct yeah I Center a number of people
suggests that that we should offer a
version where people can not have ads if
they pay a monthly subscription and
certainly we consider ideas like that I
think that they're reasonable ideas to
think through but overall the I think
that the ads experience is going to be
the best one I think in general people
like not having to pay for a service a
lot of people can't afford to pay for a
service around the world and this aligns
with our mission the best you answer
senator Graham when he asked you if you
thought you're a monopoly that you
didn't think so
you're obviously a big player in this
space that might be an area for
competition correct if somebody else
wants to create a social platform that
allows a user to monetize your own data
senator yes there are lots of new social
apps all the time and as I said before
the average American I think uses eight
different communication and social apps
so there's a lot of different choice and
a lot of innovation and activity going
on in this space I want in very short
period of time you talk about the
difference between advertisers and
application developers because those
again you said in earlier testimony that
advertisers have no access to data
whatsoever but application developers do
now is that only through their own
service agreements with their customers
or do they actually access data as a
developing applications senator this is
an important distinction so thanks for
giving me the opportunity to clarify
this people we give people the ability
to take their data to another app if
they want and this is a question that
Senator Kennedy asked me just a few
minutes ago the reason why we designed
the platform that way is because we
thought it would be very useful to make
it so that people could easily bring
their data at other to other services
some people inside the company argued
against that at the time because they
were worried that they said hey we
should just make it so that we can be
the only ones who develop this stuff and
that's that's we thought that was a
useful thing for plants but usually
green to allow you to share when they're
using that app to allow Facebook data
does the developer ever have access to
that prior to users using it I mean in
developing the application because it
uses terms scraped data what does that
mean who scraped the data yes senator
this is a good question so there's the
developer platform which is the
sanctioned way
that an app developer can ask a person
to access information we also have
certain features certain things that are
public right a lot of the information
that people choose to put on Facebook
they're sharing with everyone in the
world not privately but you know you put
your name you put your profile picture
that's public information that people
put out there and sometimes people who
aren't registered developers of Facebook
try to load a lot of pages in order to
get access to a bunch of people's public
information and aggregated we fight back
hard against that because we don't want
anyone to aggregate information even if
people made it public and chose to share
it with everyone okay thank you mr.
chairman thank you senator Johnson
senator Hasson Thank You mr. chair Thank
You mr. Zuckerberg for being here today
I want to talk to a couple of broader
issues I'm concerned that Facebook's
profitability rests on two potentially
problematic problematic foundations and
we've heard other senators talk about
this a little today the foundations are
maximizing the amount of time people
spend on your products and collecting
people's data I've looked at Facebook's
2017 corporate financial statement where
you lay out some of the major risks to
your business one risk is a decrease in
and I quote user engagement including
time spent on our products that concerns
me because of the research we've seen
suggesting that too much time spent on
social media can hurt people's mental
health especially young people
another major risk to your business is a
potential decline in and here's another
quote the effectiveness of our ad
targeting or the degree to which users
opt out of certain types of ad targeting
including as a result of changes that
enhance the users privacy there's
clearly tension as other senators have
pointed out between your bottom line and
what's best for your users you've said
in your testimony that Facebook's
mission is to bring the world closer
together and you've said that you will
never prioritize advertisers over that
mission and I believe that you believe
that but at the end of the day your
business model does prioritize
advertisers
over the mission Facebook is a
for-profit company and as a CEO you have
a legal duty to do what's best for your
shareholders so given all of that why
should we think that Facebook on its own
will ever truly be able to make the
changes that we need it to make to
protect Americans well-being and privacy
well senator you raised a number of
important points in there so let me
respond to a couple of different ways
the first is that I think it's really
important to think about what we're
doing is building this community over
the long term
any business has the opportunity to do
things that might increase revenue in
the short term but at the expense of
trust or building engagement over time
what we actually find is not necessarily
that increasing time spent especially
not just in the short term is going to
be best for our business it actually it
aligns very closely with with well-being
research that we've done that when
people are interacting with other people
and and posting and and and basically
building relationships that is both
correlated with higher measures of
well-being health happiness not feeling
lonely and that ends up being better for
the business then when they're doing
lower value things like just passively
consuming content so I think that that's
that's an important point - okay and I
understand the point that you're trying
to make here but here's what I'm
concerned about we have heard this point
from you over the last decade plus since
you founded Facebook and I understand it
you've you found it it pretty much as a
solo entrepreneur with your roommate but
now you know you're sitting here the
head of a bazillion dollar company and
we've heard you apologize numerous times
and promise to change but here we are
again right so I really firmly believe
in free enterprise but when private
companies are unwilling or unable to do
what's necessary public officials have
historically in every industry stepped
up to protect our constituents and
consumers you've supported targeted
regulations such as the Honest ads Act
and that's an important step for
election integrity I'm proud to be a
co-sponsor of that bill
but we need to address other broader
issues as well and today you've said
you'd be open to some regulation but
this has been a pretty general
conversation so will you commit to
working with Congress to develop ways of
protecting constituent privacy and
well-being even if it means that that
results in some laws that will require
you to adjust your business model to yes
we will commit to that I think that
that's an important conversation to have
our position is not that regulation is
bad I think the Internet is so important
in people's lives and it's getting more
important the expectations on internet
companies and technology companies
overall are growing and I think the real
question is what is the right framework
for this not should there be one that is
very helpful and I think the other
question and it doesn't just go to
Facebook is whether the framework should
include financial penalties when large
providers like Facebook are breached and
privacy is compromised as a result
because right now there is very little
incentive for whether it's Facebook or
Equifax to actually be aggressive in
protecting customer privacy and looking
for potential breaches or
vulnerabilities in their systems so what
we hear after the fact after people's
privacy has been breached after they've
taken the harm that comes with that and
considerable inconvenience in addition
to the harm we've heard apologies but
there is no financial incentive right
now it seems to me for these companies
to aggressively stand in their consumers
stead and protect their privacy and I
would really look forward to working
with you on that and getting your
considered opinion about it
well senator we we look forward to
discussing that with you I would
disagree however that we have no
financial incentive or incentive over
all to do this this episode has clearly
hurt us and has clearly made it harder
for us to achieve the social mission
that we care about and we now have to do
a lot of work around building trust back
which which is is just a really
important part of this well I thank you
my time is up and and I'll follow up
with you on
senator capital Thank You chairman
Grassley Thank You mr. Zuckerberg for
being here today I want to ask just kind
of a process question you've said more
than a few times that Facebook users can
delete from their own account at any
time well we know in the course I do
I've got grandchildren now but children
you tell your children once you make
that mark in in cybers or in in the
internet system it never really goes
away
so my question to you is if once and I
think you answered that that once an
individual deletes the information from
their page it's gone forever from
Facebook's archives is that correct yes
and I think you raised a good point
though which is that it we will delete
it from our systems but if you've shared
something to someone else
then we can't guarantee that they don't
have it somewhere else okay so if
somebody leaves Facebook and then
rejoins and asks Facebook can you
recreate my past your answer would be if
they delete their account the answer is
no that's why we actually offer two
options we offer deactivation which
allows you to shut down or suspend your
account but not delete the information
because actually a lot of people want to
at least for some period of time and we
hear if students with exams coming up
want to not be on Facebook because they
they want to make sure that they can
focus on the exam so they deactivate
their account temporarily but then want
the ability to turn it back on when
they're ready you can also delete your
account which is wiping everything and
if you do that then you can't get it
back you can't get it back it's gone
from your archives yes but is it ever
really gone from our systems it comes
from the cloud or wherever it wherever
it is I mean it always seems to be able
to reappear in investigations and other
things not necessarily Facebook other
emails and another things of that nature
what about the information going from
the past the information that's already
been in the came at Cambridge analytic a
case you can't really go back and redo
that so I'm going to assume that what
we've been talking with and the
improvements that you're making now at
Facebook are
from this point forward is that a
correct assumption senator I actually do
think we can go back in some cases and
that's why one of the things that I
announced is that we're going to be
investigating every single app that had
access to a large amount of information
before we lock down the platform in 2014
and if we find any pattern of suspicious
activity then we're gonna go do a full
audit of their systems and if we find
that anyone's improperly using data then
we'll take action to make sure that they
delete the data and we'll inform
everyone who who may have had their data
misused okay doctor other suggestion I
would make because we're kind of running
out of time here is you've heard more
than a few complaints and I joined the
course of the laps in the time of when
you discovered and when you became
transparent and I understand you sent
out two messages just today to to users
so I would say you say you regret that
decision that you wish you'd been more
transparent at the time so I would
imagine if in the course of your
investigation you find more breaches so
to speak that you will be in reinforce
become errs yes that is correct we have
already committed that if we find any
improper use we will inform everyone
affected okay thank you you've said also
that you want to have an active view on
controlling your ecosystem last week the
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb
addressed a drug summit in Atlanta and
spoke on the national opioid epidemic my
state I'm from West Virginia and thank
you for visiting and next time you visit
if you would please bring some fiber
because we don't have connectivity in
our rural areas like we really need in
Facebook could really help us with that
so so commissioner Gottlieb called up
that called upon social media and
Internet service providers and he
mentioned Facebook when he talked about
it to try to disrupt the sell the sale
of illegal drugs and particularly
powerful opioid fentanyl which has been
advertised and sold online I know you
have policies against this the
Commissioner is announcing his intention
to convene a meeting of chief executives
and senior leaders and I want to know
can I get a commitment from you today
that Facebook will commit to having a
representative with Commissioner
Gottlieb to finalize with this meeting
senator
that sounds like an important initiative
and we will send someone okay let me
also say that on your point about
connectivity we do have a group at
Facebook that is working on trying to
spread Internet connectivity in rural
areas and we would be happy to follow up
with you on that as well that's
something that I'm very passionate about
that's good that's good news last
question I have just on the advertising
if somebody advertises on Facebook and
somebody purchases something does
Facebook get a percentage or any kind of
a fee associated with a successful
purchase from an advertiser senator no
the way that the system works is people
advertisers bid how much it's worth it
to them to show an ad or when an action
happens so it's not that we would get a
percent of the sale but let's just use
an example let's say you have it you're
an app developer and you your goal is
you want to get more people to install
your app you could bid in the ad system
and say I will pay $3 anytime someone
installs this app and then we basically
calculate on our side which ads are
going to be relevant for people and we
have an incentive to show people ads
that are going to be relevant because we
only get paid when it delivers a
business result and and that's that's
how the system works so it could be one
you could be paid for the advertiser I
mean for these sales we have paid when
the action of the advertiser wants to
happen happens all right Thank You
senator Cortes Masto Thank You mr.
Zuckerberg thank you been a long
afternoon and I appreciate you being
here and taking the time with every
single one of us I'm gonna echo a lot of
what I've heard my colleagues say today
as well appreciate you being here
appreciate the apology but stop
apologizing and let's make the change I
think it's time to really change the
conduct I appreciate the fact that we
talked about their principles for
facebook noticed users on the use of the
data and that users have complete
control of their data but the skepticism
that I have and I'm hoping you can help
me with this is over the last what seven
years seven 14 years seven years I
haven't seen really much
change in ensuring that the privacy is
there and that individual users have
control over their data so so let me let
me ask you this back in 2009 you made
two changes to your privacy policy and
in fact prior to that most users could
either identify only friends or friends
of friends as part of their their
privacy correct if they wanted to
protect their data they could identify
only friends or friends of friends who
could see their data isn't that correct
senator I believe that we've had the
option for people to share with friends
friends of friends a custom audience or
publicly for a long time I don't
remember exactly when we put that in
place but I believe it was before 2000
so either you can choose only friends or
friends of friends to decide how you're
going to share that protect that data
correct those are two of the options
okay and in 2011 when the FTC started
taking a look at this they were
concerned that if somebody chose only
friends that the individual user was
under the impression they can continue
to restrict sharing of data to limited
audience but that wasn't the case and in
fact selecting friends only did not
prevent users information from being
shared with their third-party
applications their friend used isn't
that the case and that's why the FTC was
looking at at you and making that change
because there was concern that if you
had friends on your page a third party
could access that information isn't that
correct senator I don't remember the
exact context that the so let me let me
help you here because David Vladek who
was spent nearly four years as director
of the Federal Trade Commission's Bureau
of Consumer Protection where he worked
including on the FTC's enforcement case
against Facebook basically identifies in
this article that that was the case that
not only did Facebook misrepresent and
that's why there were eight counts of
deceptive acts and practices the actual
FTC in November 2011 decree basically
stated required Facebook to give users
clear and conspicuous notice and to
obtain a
like jump back here to do three things
the decree barred Facebook from making
any further deceptive privacy claims and
it required Facebook get consumers
approval before changing the way it
shares their data and most importantly
the third thing it required Facebook to
give users clear and conspicuous notice
and to obtain affirmative express
consent before sharing their data with
third parties that was part of the FTC
consent decree correct senator that
sounds right to me
okay so at that time you're on notice
that there were concerns about the
sharing of data and information users
data including those friends with third
parties correct senator my understanding
well let me ask you this let me do it
this way in response to the FTC consent
to make those changes did you make those
changes and what did you do to ensure
individuals user data was protected and
they had notice of that information and
that potentially third parties would be
accessing that and they had to give
express consent but it's you
specifically do in response to that
senator a number of things one of the
most important parts of the FTC consent
decree that we signed was establishing a
robust privacy program at the company
headed by our chief privacy officer
Aaron Egan was specific Senate and I
know I and I've heard this over and over
again I'm running out of time but here's
the concern that I have it can't be a
privacy policy because that's what the
consent said it couldn't be it had to be
something very specific something very
simple like you've heard from my
colleagues and that did not occur had
that occurred we wouldn't be here today
talking about Cambridge analytical isn't
that really true had you addressed those
issues then had you done an audit had
you looked at not only the third party
applications but their audit of their
associated data storage as well you
would have known that this type of data
information was being shared and that's
our concern and that's what I'm saying
now the time just to make the change
it's time to really address the privacy
issue it's time to really come and lead
the country on this issue and how we can
protect individual users data and
information I know my time is running
out but I appreciate you being here and
I'm just hoping that you're committed to
working with us in the future and
addressing these concerns Thank You
senator Cortez Masto senator Gardner
Thank You mr. chairman and thank you mr.
Zuckerberg for your patience and
testimony today the end is near I think
one two three or four people so that's
good news to get out of this hearing
a couple questions for you to clarify
one of the comments made about deleting
accounts from Facebook and the User
Agreement it says when you delete IP
content if it is deleted in a manner
similar to it is deleted in a manner
similar to emptying the recycle bin on a
computer however you understand that
removed content may persist in backup
copies for a reasonable period of time
how long is that senator I don't know
sitting here what our current systems
are on that but the intent is to get all
the content out of the system as quickly
as possible
and does that mean your user data as
well it talks about IP content is that
the same thing as your user data it
could sit and backup copies senator I
think that that is probably right I
don't I'm not sitting here today having
full knowledge of our current state of
the systems around wiping all of the
data out of backups so I can follow up
with you on that afterwards but what I
can tell you is that all bags absolute
liked that is certainly the way it's
it's supposed to work has there ever
been a failure of that senator I don't
know but this is you if we tell people
that we're going to delete their data we
need to do that and you do do that Thank
You mr. Zuckerberg a couple of other
questions I think that it's the heart of
this expectation gap as I call it with
with users Facebook as I understand it
if you're logged into Facebook with a
separate browser and you log into
another brow it log into another article
open a new tab in the browser all you
have the Facebook tab open and that new
tab has a Facebook button on it you
track the article that you're reading is
that correct right I think that there
there is functionality like that yes do
you think users understand that senator
I think that
they that there is a reasonable I think
the answer is probably yes for the
following reason because when we show a
like button on a website we show social
context there so it says here your
friends who like that so in order to do
that we would have to but if but if
you've got your Facebook browser open
and you open up the article in Denver
Post and it has a Facebook button on it
you think they know consumers users know
that Facebook now knows what article you
were reading the Denver Post well we
would need to have that in order to
serve up that the the like button and
show you who your friends were who would
also like that so I think that goes the
heart of this expectation gap because I
don't think consumers users necessarily
understand that I mean and going through
this User Agreement as others have you
do need a lawyer to understand and I
hope that you can close that expectation
gap by simplifying the User Agreement
making sure that people understand the
privacy has there ever been a violation
outside of the the talk about Cambridge
analytic about the privacy settings as a
privacy setting violation never occurred
outside of Cambridge analytical I'm not
aware that we have had systems that have
so the Brad Dome cutting a consumer a
user uses have always been respected
there's never been an instance where
those privacy settings have been
violated that's my understanding I mean
this is the core thing that our company
does is you come to Facebook you say hey
I want to share this photo or I want to
understand send this message to these
people
has there been that we have - has there
ever been a breach of facebook data a
hack um there have been I don't believe
that there's been a breach of data that
we are aware of has there ever been a
hack yes and have those hacks accessed
user data I don't believe so I think we
had an instance back in 2013 where
someone was able to install some malware
on a few employees computers and had
access to some of the content on their
computers but I don't member that user
data page
never affected the user page I do not
believe okay has the government ever
asked to remove a page and have a page
removed senator I believe so okay and
and as the government Everett can you
get a warrant to join a page to get to
be on a page pretending you're a
separate user to be liked by that to
track what that person's doing do you
need a warrant for that or can the
government just do that the FBI anybody
senator or not I'm not sure I fully
understand you're saying too we can we
can follow up on that because I do want
to have one final question I want to ask
you a couple days ago I think Facebook
talked about that it would label
traditional advocacy as political ads
and for instance if the Sierra Club was
to run a climate change ad that would be
labeled political a political ad if the
Chamber of Commerce wanted to run and
our place an ad as this would be a this
would have an impact on the climate
change regulations would have an impact
and talked about that through an ad that
would be labeled as political which is
different than the current standards of
what is political what is issue advocacy
is it your intent to to label things
political that would be in contradiction
to federal law senator the intent of
what we're trying to get at is the
foreign in election interference that
we've seen has taken more the form of
issue ads than direct political
electioneering advertising so because of
that we think it's very important to
extend the verification and transparency
to issue ads in order to block the kind
of interference that the Russians
attempted to do and and I think will
likely continue to attempt to do that's
why I think that those measures are
important to do thank you Thank You
Senator Garner
senator tester Thank You mr. chairman I
want to thank you for being here today
mark appreciate you coming in I hope
this isn't the last time we see you in
front of committee I know this is
approaching five hours so it's been a
little tenuous some mental gymnastics
for all of us and I just want to thank
you for for being here Facebook is an
American company
and with that I believe you've got a
responsibility to protect American
liberties central to our privacy
Facebook allowed a foreign company to
steal private information they allowed a
foreign company to steal private
information from tens of millions of
Americans largely without any knowledge
of their own who and how we choose to
share our opinions is question of
personal freedom who we share our likes
and dislikes with is a question of
personal freedom this is a troubling app
episode that completely shatters that
Liberty so that you understand the
magnitude of this Montanans deeply
concerned they are deeply concerned with
this breach of privacy and Trust so
you've been at this for nearly five
hours today so besides taking reactive
steps and I want you to be as concise as
you possibly can what are you doing to
make sure what Cambridge oolitic
analytic it did never happens again
Thank You senator there are three
important steps that were taking here
for Cambridge analytic first of all we
need to finish resolving this by doing a
full audit of their systems to make sure
that they delete all the data that they
have and so we can fully understand what
happened there are two sets of steps
that we're taking to make sure that this
doesn't happen again the most important
is restricting the amount of access to
information that developers will have
going forward the good news here is that
back in 2014 we actually had already
made a large change to restrict access
on the platform that would have
prevented this issue with Cambridge
analytic a--from happening again today
clearly we did not do that soon enough
if we done it a couple of years earlier
than we probably would be sitting here
today but this isn't a change that we
had to take now in 2018 it's largely a
change that we made back in 2014 there
are other parts of the platform that we
also similarly can lock down now to make
sure that other issues that might have
been exploited in the future won't be
able to and we've taken a number of
those steps and I've outlined those and
in my written statement as well
appreciate that and you feel confident
that
the actions you've taken thus far where
there was once back in 2014 or the one
that you just talked about about locking
down the other parts will adequately
protect the folks who use Facebook
senator I believe so okay although
Security is never a solved problem so
all I need you talked about a full on it
of the Cambridge analytical systems can
you do a full audit if that information
is stored somewhere of some other
country senator if right now we're
waiting on the audit because the UK
government is doing a government
investigation of them and I do believe
that the government will have the
ability to get into the systems even if
we can't if information is stored in the
UK but what if it's stored some other
country what if the information is
stored in some other country can is an
audit even possible well senator we
believe a bunch of the information that
we will be able to audit I think you
raise an important question and if we
have issues then we if we are not able
to do an audit to our satisfaction we
are going to take legal action to enable
us to do that and if and also I know
that the UK and US government's are also
involved in working on this as well I
don't I don't really I'm telling you I
have faith in the US government I really
actually have faith in the UK - I there
are been claims that this information is
being stored in Russia I don't care it
could be stored anywhere in the world I
don't know how you get access to that
information I'm not as smart as you are
about tech information and so the
question really becomes and I got to
move on but the question is I don't see
how you can perform a full audit if
they've got stuff stored somewhere else
that we can't get access to that's all
maybe you have other ideas on how to do
that well I think we'll know once we get
in there whether we feel like we can
fully investigate everything just real
quickly senator Schatz asked a question
earlier about about data and who owns
the data I want to dig into it a little
bit more you said and I think multiple
times during this hearing that I own the
data on Facebook if it's my data yes and
and I'm going to tell you that I think
that that sounds really good to me
in practice let's think about this for a
second you're making about 50 billion
bucks a year on the data I'm not making
any money on it it feels like you own
the data and in fact I would say that
the the data that was that was breached
through Cambridge Athletica which
impacted and correct me if these numbers
are wrong some 80 million Americans my
guess is a few of any knew that that
information was being breached if I
owned that data
I know it's being breached so could you
give me some sort of idea on how you can
really honestly say it's it's my data
when quite frankly they may have goods
on me I don't I don't want him to have
any information on me senator when I say
it owned it I can stop it yes so senator
when I say it's your data what we mean
is that you have control over how it's
used on Facebook you clearly need to
give Facebook a license to use it within
our system or else or else the service
doesn't work yeah I know in the slices
was brought have been brought up many
times a day and I'm going to be quiet in
just one second mr. chairman but the
fact is is the license is very thick
maybe intentionally so so people get
tired of reading it and don't want to
look mark I appreciate you being here I
look forward to having another earring
Thank You senator young mr. Zuckerberg
thanks so much for being here and and
enduring the many questions today I
think it's important you're here because
social your social media platform
happens to be the ubiquitous social
media platform and there's not a senator
that you heard from today that isn't on
Facebook that doesn't communicate with
our constituents through Facebook in a
sense we have to be on it and so I think
it's especially important that you're
here not just for Facebook but really
for our country and and beyond the
threshold question that continues to
emerge here today is what are the
reasonable expectations of privacy that
users ought to have and I'll tell you my
neighbors are unsatisfied by an answer
to that question that involves you know
take a look at the User Agreement
and III think there's been a fair amount
of discussion here about whether or not
people actually read that User Agreement
I would encourage you to you know survey
that get all the information you can
with respect to that and make sure that
make sure that User Agreement is is easy
to understand and streamlined and so
forth mr. Zuckerberg earlier in today's
hearing you drew a distinction that I
thought was interesting and caught my
attention it was a distinction between
consumer expectation of privacy
depending upon whether they were on an
ISP or the pipes of the Internet as you
characterized it or on an edge platform
like Facebook I find this distinction
somewhat unsatisfying because most folks
who use the Internet just think of it as
one place if you will they think of it
as the Internet as opposed to various
places requiring different degrees of
privacy could you could you speak to
this issue and indicate whether you'd
support a comprehensive privacy policy
that applies in the same manner to all
entities across the entire net internet
ecosystem senator sure I think that
people's expectations of how they use
these different systems are different
some think some apps are very
lightweight and as our and you can fully
encrypt the data going across them in a
way that the app developer or the the
pipes in the isp case probably shouldn't
be able to see any of the content and I
think you you probably should have a
full expectation that no one is going to
be introspecting or looking at that
content give me there's like examples if
you would kindly sir
sure well when data is going over the
verizon network I think would be good
for that to be as encrypted as possible
and such that Verizon wouldn't look at
it right I think that's what people
expect and I don't know that being able
to look at the data is required to to
deliver their service that's how
whatsapp works too so that's an app it's
a very lightweight app
it doesn't require us to know a lot of
information about you so we can offer
that with full encryption and therefore
we're not looking we don't see the
content for a service like Facebook or
Instagram where you're sharing photos
and then they people want to access them
from lots of different places people
kind of want to store that in a central
place so that way they can go access it
from from a lots of different devices in
order to do that we need to have an
understanding of what that content is so
I think the the expectations of of what
Facebook will have knowledge of versus
what nice people have knowledge of or
just different I think that needs to be
clearly communicated to your users and
and we'll leave it at that that those
those different levels of privacy that
the user can expect to enjoy when
they're on your platform I'd like to
sort of take a different tack to
internet privacy policy with you sir
might we create stronger privacy rights
for consumers either through creating a
stronger general property right regime
online say a new law that states
unequivocally something that you said
before the users own their online data
or through stronger affirmative opt-in
requirements on platforms like yours now
if we were to do that would you need to
retool your model if we were to adopt
one of those two approaches senator can
you repeat what the approaches are gone
yeah so one is to create a stronger
property right for the individual online
through a law that states unequivocally
users own their data the other one is a
stronger affirmative opt-in requirement
to be a user on Facebook would you have
to fundamentally change the facebook
architecture to accommodate those
policies
senator those policies and the
principles that you articulated are
generally how we view our service
already so depending on the details of
what what you you're the proposal
actually ends up being and the details
do just matter a huge amount here it's
not clear that it would be a fundamental
shift but the details really matter and
if this is something you're considering
or working on we would love to follow up
with you on this because this is very
important to get right I'd love to work
with you I'm at a time Thank You senator
Thune has a closing comment yeah just
and I have a process statement for
everybody to listen to mr. chairman
thank you and and thanks to all of our
members for their patience
been a long hearing particularly long
hearing for you mr. Zuckerberg thank you
for for sitting through this but I think
this is important I do have a letter
here from the Motion Picture Association
of America that want to get into the
record
without objection without objections or
and then and just a quick quick sort of
wrap-up question if you will and maybe
one quick comment but you've answered
several questions about today about
efforts to keep bad actors whether
that's a terrorist group to a malicious
foreign agent off of your platform
you've also heard concerns about bias at
Facebook particularly bias against
conservatives and I just as a final
question can you assure us that when you
are improving tools to stop bad actors
that you will err on the side of
protecting speech especially political
speech from all different corners
senator yes that's our that's our
approach if there is an imminent threat
of harm we're going to take a
conservative position on that and make
sure that we flag that and understand
that more broadly but overall I want to
make sure that we provide people with
the most voice possible I want the
widest possible expression and I don't
want anyone at our company to make any
decisions based on the the political
ideology of the content okay and just
one final observation chairman Grassley
aye mr. Zuckerberg has answered a lot of
questions today but there are also a lot
of promises to follow up with some of
our members and sometimes on questions
about Facebook practices that seem
fairly straightforward but I don't think
we have I think it can be hard for us to
fashion solutions to solve some of this
stuff until we have some of those
answers and you indicated earlier that
you're continuing to try and find out
who among these other analytics
companies may have had access to user
data that that they were able to use and
hopefully as you get those answers you
will be able to forward those two to us
and it'll help shape our thinking in
terms of how where we go from here so
but overall I think a very informative
hearing and this chairman and index I'm
I'm ready to wrap it up yeah I probably
wouldn't make this comment but your
response to him in regard to political
speech
I won't identify the CEO I had a
conversation with yesterday but one of
our platforms and he admitted to being
more left than right or I mean being
left I guess is what he admitted and I
don't know I'm not asking you what you
are but it but just so you understand
that that probably as liberals have a
lot of concerns about you know the
leaning of Fox News or conservatives
have questions about the leaning of of
MSNBC let's say it seemed to me that
when you when we get whether it's from
the writer the laugh so I'm speaking to
you for your platform there's a great
deal of cynicism in American society
about government generally and then when
there is suspicions legitimate or not
that maybe you're playing in one way
unfairly towards the other it seemed to
me that everything you do to lean over
backwards to make sure that you are fair
in protecting political speech right or
left that you ought to do what and I'm
not telling you how to do it and I'm not
saying you'd you don't do it but we've
we got to do something to reduce his
cynicism at my town meetings in Iowa I
always get this question how come you
guys in DC can't get along you know
meaning Republicans and Democrats well I
try to explain to them that they kind of
get
obtuse what would you say review what
goes on here because controversy makes
news so people are getting along you
never hear about that so they get a
distorted view of it and and and really
we congressmen get along more than the
public thinks
but these attitudes of the public we got
a change in people of your position and
your influence you can do a lot to
change this weather I know you got
plenty of time we run your corporation
through your corporation or privately
anything you can do to reduce this
cynicism because we have a perfect
Constitution but maybe it's not perfect
but we got a very good constitutional
long as one written constitution and
history of mankind and but if people
don't have faith in the institutions of
government and then it's it's our
responsibility to enhance that faith so
they have less cynicism on us you know
we don't have a very strong democracy
just because we got a good Constitution
so I hope that everybody will do
whatever they can to help enhance
respect for government including
speaking to myself I gotta bend over
backwards to do what I can so they don't
so I don't add to that cynicism so sorry
you had to listen to me and so this
concludes today's hearing thanks to all
the witnesses for attending the record
will be open for 14 days for the members
to submit additional written questions
and for the witness mr. Zuckerberg to
make any corrections to his testimony
the hearing is adjourned
