red Cavanaugh has been sworn in as a US
Supreme Court judge by one of the
narrowest margins in the country's
history with hundreds of people
protesting on Capitol Hill as after the
FBI failed to find convincing evidence
that Cavanaugh committed sexual assault
senators who took the floor represented
a deep polarization representing the
whole country when the history of the
Senate is written this chapter will be a
flashing red warning light what to avoid
truly judge Cavanaugh his confirmation
is a low moment for the Senate for the
court for the country I just don't see
how we can put somebody on the Supreme
Court who thinks that the president is
above the law the very least we should
expect a nominee for our highest court
to be honest I do not believe judge
Kavanaugh has met this standard he puts
his thumb on the scale of justice in all
ways with a bias towards corporate
interest I knew him as an honest and
dedicated public servant I was proud to
be at the White House as president Trump
announced the nomination of this
exceptionally qualified judge I do not
see an open mind I do not see fairness I
see a partisan ideologue who will do
judicial backflips to rule in favor of
large corporations the powerful and the
elite confirming threat Cavanaugh to the
Supreme Court will further erode and
undermine the courts legitimacy and
continue to diminish the American
people's trust in it
police arrested more than 150
demonstrators on the steps of the US
Capitol in Washington on Saturday
some protesters continually stored the
voting by shouting from the Senate
gallery and a chair US Vice President
Mike Pence had to ask for order at least
a dozen times sergeant at arms will
restore order in the gallery sergeant in
arms will restore order in the gallery
sergeant at arms will restore order in
the gallery
Donald Trump has denounced how Democrats
conducted themselves by likening their
actions to mob rule my colleague Neil
Harvey earlier discussed the issue with
Scottie Nell Hughes a Rt America's
evening News host she thinks that
Cavanaugh's confirmation highlights the
deep split in America just ahead of
November's midterm elections we're able
to pull it back and say no facts matter
we actually need to see what we have
hard evidence on that might hurt
long-term the women's movement here in
the United States as many women were
supporting the they were supporting the
accuser just because they felt like
accusers had not been heard recently in
the United States this is one year to
the day of the me2 movement happening on
the other hand in the end people needed
to make sure that there was evidence and
I think that's the reason why you saw so
many GOP sitters who were might have
been wavering actually going and pushed
the confirmation through do you think we
can equate support for Trump's man as
support for Trump himself they're going
to try to whether that's true or not
it's up to everybody I don't think this
issue has won people over to cross over
the lines and either before or against
president Trump it just shows how deeply
divided America is right now and that's
very interesting four weeks out from a
midterm election for president Trump
everything right now is for or against
in Trump there's no sort of I like him
but I don't support his policies it is
truly a very partisan divided country
and unfortunately as has come out
recently a lot of the issues that came
out this over the Cavanagh has been
because of the media and the dishonest
media here in the United States that
were showing on both sides putting out
allegations that kind of showed they had
more of an agenda than just reporting
the facts
you
