is no secrets a lot of tension between
the world and the World Cup host nation
how a FIFA how are you dealing with that
I mean how I sort of coming in making
this the best event in the world with
all that's going on at the moment by
focusing on football I think that's
that's the key and that's the the secret
we have to focus on food but I think
there are enough sadly people around the
world who try to just you know divide or
argue or dispute or whatever we have to
try to unite football is uniting some of
the spin from Western media is that it's
not safe to go to Russia you know
security is not good enough don't go
I've seen you know in England that
they're basically saying to the fans
don't go no it's not safe what what
would you say to that it's the safe to
go to Russia of course it is safe to go
to Russia this and it will be very safe
it will be even safer to go to Russia
during the World Cup because the
authorities in Russia are very much
aware of what the valta means and they
want to show as well a welcoming country
and the preparations in terms of
security for World Cup are beyond any
other event or any other situation so
the conditions will be there for a very
safe World Cup and obviously those who
want to go and enjoy football and enjoy
a party this summer they should go to
Russia those who want to go to have
riots or whatever they better exactly go
somewhere else
