on the initiative of nine countries led
by the US the UN Security Council has
discussed the Duma incident despite the
fact no serious investigation has yet
been conducted the perpetrators have
already been appointed there will be a
second Security Council meeting on
international security initiated by
Russia
eula Shapovalov at four news with edge
holds for more on this we turn tonight
to former congressman and chairman of
the Institute for a peace and prosperity
mr. Ron Paul Ron nice to have you with
us tonight I appreciate your time on
this you heard that report the
administration is confident I think a
lot of people are asking tonight what
does that mean well I don't know what
they're confident by they're confident
in telling you their lies and hope
people leave it you know when you
introduce the program and you said
something about being alleged challenges
they never use that word you know most
of the time when a crime is committed in
this country the stations when they're
not sure they're careful they say that
through the legit life but they never do
this under these circumstances and they
have zero bits of information if I had
to prove one thing to the other I'm not
in a position to do it but at least they
ought to treat it you know with a little
bit of integrity because it's over and
over again that the person is guilty and
that is the person is the you know the
Russians and the Syrians are guilty of a
crime and it goes over and over again
but you know did that distance cripples
and then they finally had to give up you
know there nothing keep hand out so they
had to go on to a new one so it's one
runs out of steam they create another
fake news program and they pound away on
it but it's a shame that the American
people buy into this but I'm hoping that
I sense that at least we run into people
that are saying you know enough is
enough you know I've seen that after
congressman what is the mission behind
this cell job that's being put on the
world not just the American people but
the world to vilify both Syria and
Russia without hard evidence why the
cell job well I think they have an
ulterior goal and it's been around for a
long time and it has a lot to do with
Saudi Arabia and Iran I think that's the
number one I think works in to that or
the Shia against the Sunnis and that
works into it
and then there's the neocons in this
country who have their agenda and a
perpetual war for perpetual profits and
the military-industrial complex and they
all come together then you throw in oil
and they all come together and guess
what it's bipartisan yeah everybody's
complaining there's not enough
bipartisanship in Washington you know
that we have too much of it because they
all support this foreign policy that I
think is a disaster and they're
encouraging the President to do
something less it was on the campaign
trail last week talking about taxes and
the economy says that we're going to get
out of Syria we're going to leave that
to somebody else now a week later were
at a timeline of he's gonna do something
within 24 to 48 hours how do you read
that
well III read this buy and looking at
what my assumptions have been all along
because when I listen to the campaign in
the presidential race I thought oh
there's hope here hope there but then
again I think you have to not listen to
what they say and what they do and when
I saw his appointments and they got
worse as the ones he put in he couldn't
stand because they weren't neocon enough
all of a sudden the neocons run the show
and so therefore that is what really
counts now john bolton he's really gonna
help us out on a sensible foreign policy
his record is so bad and he got us in
and preached all that fighting in vien
iraq so i think you have to look at what
they do
I think the advisors but I think Trump
might be playing us with a fiddle you
know one day is a good guy I think it's
good to get out of war we'll serve that
to the Libertarians that's what ron
paul's been saying all along but then
the next day there's changed it's a
hundred percent opposite nothing can
change that big and it's it's amazing
the American people buy into that and
just not pull their hair out and say hey
enough is enough why don't you tell us
the truth all right the chemical attack
did take place we do know that for sure
there's evidence of an attack who do you
think would be behind that and you're
talking about the most recent one yes
sir
okay well the one thing is is I don't
know I think the least likely would be
Assad this whole idea saw it's over and
over again I probably heard 10 times
today
gassing his own people and they've said
every time it happened assault in a
month or two later they prove that was
absolutely wrong so III cannot see any
reason why Assad would do this there's
no reason for Russian have done this
there's somebody who wants to serve her
up trouble and the people who want us to
stay there so we're getting let's say
there's a hint there's a bone thrown out
we might leave a cording to trump well
no we have to have a reason for staying
we're not gonna let this happen we
that's the problem but you know the
McCain's people say oh we left we left
Iraq too soon and that's what happened
Isis came in of course the evidence is
pretty strong that we've been pretty
friendly with Isis and we use Isis to
try to fight our battle so somebody
wanted to stay there
I think the policymakers here did not
want us to leave and and they and
somebody does it for them but I I just
think this whole idea that all of a
sudden that Assad's gassing his own
people I think is total nonsense
former congressman Ron Paul and chairman
of the Institute for peace and
prosperity mr. Paul thank you so much
tonight
