we are here to discuss Syria tonight
we're the greatest fighting force
anywhere in the world these gentlemen
and ladies are incredible people
incredible talent and we're making a
decision as to what we do with respect
to the horrible attack that was made
near Damascus and if it will be met and
it will be met forcefully and when I
will not say because I don't like
talking about timing but we are
developing the greatest force that we've
ever had we had 700 million dollars just
to prove which was the reason I went
along with that budget because we had a
fix our military general mattis would
tell you that above anybody we had to
fix our military and right now we're in
a big process of doing that 700 billion
and then 716 billion next year so we're
going to make a decision tonight or very
shortly thereafter and you'll be hearing
the decision but we can't let atrocities
like we all witnessed and you can see
that and it's horrible we can't let that
happen in our world we can't let that
happen especially when we're able to
because of the power of the United
States because of the power of our
country we're able to stop it we are
getting clarity on that who is
responsible for the weapons attack we
are getting some very good clarity
actually yeah we have some pretty good
answer
thank you we have a lot of options
militarily and we'll will be letting you
know pretty soon probably after the fact
you
