Russia says an alleged chemical attack
in the Syrian city of Douma
has been staged that came as part of a
speech by the country's representative
Pasolini Ben Xia before the UN Security
Council first castle was dinner du Midi
vehicle following the liberation of duma
from rebel fighters Russian specialists
were sent there specialists in
radiological chemical and biological
protection to collect evidence and
information they took soil samples which
show the lack of nerve agent and
chlorine containing substances in
interviews not a single local resident
confirmed the chemical attack having
taken place bodies of people killed by
chemical agents have not been found and
medical personnel and residents have no
information about their potential burial
areas therefore the use of sarin and
chlorine has not been confirmed and
Arty's caleb Mullen has the details of
the meeting as the 15-member body
convened and we had a meeting of the UN
Security Council we heard first from the
representative of the Russian Federation
now when 'no ben xia spoke he just kind
of broke down how the facts just aren't
there about this alleged chemical attack
in duma he talked about how traces of
the chemical they just didn't seem to be
there furthermore they could not find a
single civilian eyewitness to confirm
that the attack happened they could not
find victims in nearby hospitals or any
graves or our sites of bodies it just
didn't add up now from there he went on
to talk about the fact that
anti-government fighters terrorist
groups like al-nusrah and others there
have been occasions in which territory
has been liberated from them and it's
been discovered that they are
stockpiling chemical weapons and that
they have in the past used chemical
weapons against the positions of the
Syrian government a British citizen
you heard the warnings but you
consciously ignored them because they
didn't correspond to the doctrinal
arrangements of those who sleep and
dream about the liquidation of the
official government in one more Arab
country now the Russian representatives
said that Russia would favour the
creation of a new independent body to
investigate allegations about chemical
weapons and their use in Syria now the
United
spoke up in agreement with Russia's call
and furthermore when the Syrian Arab
Republic took the floor they also spoke
up and said they would favor the
creation of an independent body to
investigate the use of chemical weapons
in Syria from there we heard from nikki
Haley the representative of the United
States she went on to blame the Syrian
government for the attack despite the
fact very little investigation has taken
place she blamed the Syrian government
for the attack and from there she said
that the United States intends to
respond to this alleged chemical attack
regardless of whether the UN Security
Council approves of that or not she she
says that the USA intends to take action
now her remarks come after Donald Trump
said the USA was in the process of
making some big decisions regarding the
chemical attack in Duma this is Donald
Trump speaking prior to the UN Security
Council meeting we are studying that
situation extremely closely we are
meeting with our military and everybody
else and we'll be making some major
decisions over the next 24 to 48 hours
nothing's off the table now Ben zia
pointed out that when Donald Trump said
that nothing was off the table in
regards to Syria an action that he might
take these words sound very dangerous
the implications of possible aggressive
action from the United States in Syria
could be very severe and that the whole
world should be deeply concerned about
this kind of rhetoric and this kind of
language coming from the
commander-in-chief of the United States
later on the meeting we did hear from
the representative of the Syrian Arab
Republic Bashar Jafari and when he began
speaking and discectomy allegations made
against his country at that point the US
delegation walked out making a point
that they did not acknowledge or respect
the Syrian Arab Republic at this point
many countries are concerned about the
possible the possible implications of
this situation so people are worried
about the international implications of
what could happen as a result of these
allegations and there's clear
differences in the UN Security Council
about how these allegations should be
treated and responded to is a very very
hence meeting with a clear clear level
of difference between different
countries represented on the council
well let's discuss those allegations and
the implications further with US Army
retired General Paul Vallely Paul thank
you very much indeed for joining us as I
say lots to analyze here that's all with
Russia there UN Ambassador there's
there's no bodies no trace of chemical
weapons no witnesses found if the US is
sure the attack happened when they want
to investigate well I think there has to
be proof that it did and the idea of an
investigation team going in complemented
by Russian investigators several
distinguished members not politicians of
the international community to be chosen
to go in and validate one way or the
other
they ought to easily validate the videos
that were shown and the date that can
all be done by a technological what we
call a hi-tech analysis of that and so
again it's either true or it's not true
but someone needs to get to the bottom
of it because the Syrian government of
course is being blamed for it
and we've heard stories about al Qaeda
or other rebel groups you know being
able to gather in some of these chemical
biological weapons specifically sarin
gas but it's obvious it's happened in
the past the question is this time who
did it well as we heard there Syria
Baxter benches call for the UN to send
in the independent experts to Syria to
investigate it but do you think it's
actually likely there'll be an
independent investigation no and it
should not be the United Nations the
United Nations is not very good at
obtaining anything of basic information
or intelligence that would be worthwhile
using it should be an independent group
of selected perhaps members out of the
Arab League perhaps a member from the
United States from Russia perhaps
one or two European countries but it
should be out at least seven people that
are designated to go in there that are
not part of the United Nations not
politicians they can come back and give
a rather quick reply and analysis of
what actually happened this past week
this is not too difficult to prove the
right people who in and do the
investigation gate okay let's know also
at the the wider implications here let's
look at Donald Trump he's already met
his commanders and says there are a lot
of to use his words military options
what do you think he's got to do next
well I know what they do in the White
House and in our national security chain
they they analyze the different options
based on what type of action they're
looking at whether it's a threat to the
United States or whether it's a
situation that happened with one of our
allies or or the situation in Syria so
they'll come up with a number of options
one may be military I don't think it
will be though because President Trump
wants to de-escalate what's happening in
Syria and of course the most influential
over there now is Russia and I think
again Putin and Trump talking about some
of these things can solve these problems
and get to the bottom of it rather than
sparring with each other all the time
that the press creates and also
politicians around the world try to
create this big dissension between
Russia and everybody else good mind
smart minds can talk they can solve
problems and I think again I've
recommended this for the last year that
we have a second meeting between Trump
and Putin that occur very shortly it
could occur next week but get to the
bottom of it get the people involved and
let's come up with some solutions to
solve that situation well let's also
look at some of the responses within the
UN where we were listening to that
meeting earlier a UN spokesperson says
the UN cannot independently verify the
allegations about the chemical attack
let's just have a listen to what he said
the UN itself just as much in the dark
is there
of us and relying on you know we're not
in the position at this point to
independently verify the the allegations
well at the same time as that that was
going on the us that was then talking
about those military options I mean
what's your take on that on the on the
contrast between the two
well again everybody tries to forecast
what President Trump will do and they
never can you have to only watch what
President Trump actually does not what
is reported so from that standpoint I
think the president will look at this
very seriously because he wants the
better relationship with Russia and of
course he knows full well that Assad
over there is supported by Russia right
now more than any other country and so
that relationship in some way has got to
bring new leadership to Syria that I've
recommended but yeah the United Nations
not capable of doing these things so it
should be a good team that's selected
and agreed upon that can go in there and
and finally determine where these
chemical weapons are who has them and
that preclude the use of because
everybody is just sick seeing children
and innocent people that are maimed and
harmed and wounded by these a terrific
and very dangerous sarin gas and other
type of chemical biological weapons so
we need to bring an end to this okay
well I think one of the reasons for that
they talked about the contrast here and
in particular between military options
and also the not being able to verify
the situation is because of what
happened a year ago a year ago Tomahawk
missiles were fired at Syria without an
investigation into that alleged chemical
attack I mean that's why people are
presuming it they might expect a
military response but you think not
because missiles in into populated areas
even though they're very precise and
targeted there's always going to be
collateral damage
so piling on and creating were
casualties over there is not the answer
the answer is leaders meeting finding
out where those chemical weapons are
making sure that Assad doesn't use them
and if he does that he's got to be taken
from out thinking out of office by his
own people and replaced with the new
leadership there that's the way I would
go at it and finally then on that night
then Paul I mean do you think the UN
Security Council can make any difference
to the situation in Syria no I don't not
at all
and having been in Syria silver times
and understanding it no it's going to
take the Syrian people leaders over
there working with other people to
reinforce the rebuilding of Syria
creating these safe areas in Syria so
they can rebuild this is what we need to
do right now but they cannot in any way
have chemical weapons in that country so
the best thing Russia can do is to
identify if there are chemical weapons
let's go with other groups and let's get
them out of there and let's find out
who's been using them that's the key a
good investigator can do that I know not
just another Murnau's ok Paula's got to
say on that positive note then at that
point with an investigation let's leave
with m4 Vallely US Army retired general
thank you very much indeed thank you
