we recall a rhetorical question which
the Russian president put forward in
2015 from the United Nations General
Assembly to our Western partners above
all the United States concerning their
reckless geopolitical experiments in the
Middle East do you understand now what
you have done and the response at that
time hung in the air but there is a
response no you do not understand
just as you fail to understand what you
are doing now the lack of a clear
strategy on any issue is appalling not
just to us it confounds not only us this
is confounding to the majority of those
seated here but they are I've decided
not to openly put this forward to you
following you everywhere you go
regardless of what you do everything you
touch chaos is left behind in the
brackish waters of which you try to take
out fish something but only mutant fish
are being taken out I will put another a
rhetorical question before do you
understand the dangerous threshold
towards which you are bringing the world
one of the areas where there's hostility
with that is most stark that is on Syria
the terrorists and extremists supported
by external sponsors are during a defeat
there let us recall that we are talking
about those terrorists and extremists
who you supplied financed and deployed
in the country to a legitimate
government and now it is clear why this
is causing hysteria among those who
invested political and material capital
in these dark forces
you
