I'd like to begin by condemning the
heinous attack on innocent Syrians with
banned chemical weapons it was an
atrocious attack it was horrible
you don't see things like that as bad as
the news is around the world you just
don't see those images we are studying
that situation extremely closely we are
meeting with our military and everybody
else and we'll be making some major
decisions over the next 24 to 48 hours
we are very concerned when the thing
like that can happen this is about
humanity we're talking about humanity
and it can't be allowed to happen so
we'll be looking at that barbaric act
and studying what's going on we're
trying to get people in there's you know
it's been surrounded so it's very hard
to get people in because not only has it
been hit it's been surrounded and if
they're innocent why aren't they
allowing people to go and improve
because as you know they play me they
didn't make the attack so if it's Russia
if it's Syria if it's Iran if it's all
of them together we'll figure it out and
we'll know the answers quite soon so
we're looking at that very very strongly
and very seriously
you
