that's a hundred years since Russia
chose a new destiny a revolution which
saw the overthrow of the country's last
royal family and to tell the story of
the Romanovs RTS that a launching a new
interactive projects you can learn more
about the family through a massive
collection of photos about 4000 of them
some taken by the Romanovs themselves
over the next 100 days their life story
of those Royals will unfold on four
different social media platforms each
will have their own unique content those
behind the project shared some more
details so last year when we were
preparing 1917 live a project about the
Russian Revolution of 1917 we struck
absolute gold when we've discovered
about four thousand photos of the
Romanov family in the state archive here
in Moscow yeah so it turns out that the
Romanov family will complete photo geeks
they have their own cameras Kodak sent
them some very special brownies and they
even had a pan around the camera we have
a project coming up which is incredibly
exciting we're going to use these images
in a very unique way so we've picked up
on this archive we've got use of it and
we've got the opportunity now to publish
it and tell stories
so we're creating what we're calling
kind of a social media picture puzzle
well it's only running for a hundred
days which is going to make it very
condensed intense you don't have to
follow every single platform all of
these photos are not going to be cross
posted so a YouTube is going to be kind
of newsy and Facebook I think will be a
little bit more lyrical we'll certainly
be looking at a kind of a family that
took a laugh a lot of photographs of
itself Twitter will be factually driven
and news driven in the style that you're
used to and then of course there's
Instagram so choose your network and
then get on to the hashtag
