as the tornado of media speculation over
the scruples continues to swirl it's now
being reported that Sergey and Yulia are
being offered new identities by US
intelligence that has both the former
Russian double agent and his daughter
appear to be recovering that follows
that nerve agent attacked last month in
the English city of Salisbury a family
member however believes there would be
no reason for EULA to abandon her home
in Moscow
Victoria scruples spoke exclusively to
the roughly video agency after she was
denied a visa to the UK I asked the UK
and you personally to reconsider the
decision to refuse my visa they are
scared that I will find out something
more that hylia will tell me something
yes they tried to manipulate me not the
Kremlin but mi5 at first I was happy
that Hugh Leah called but it was clear
that she wasn't speaking her own words
she was being prompted you can't hear it
in the recording but as a start she was
told yes you can talk which meant that
she was being guided meanwhile the
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson
has branded the opposition Labour Party
leader the Kremlin's useful idiots
that's after Jeremy Corbyn refused to
blame Russia outright for the poisoning
and intercept he takes a closer look at
the Foreign Secretary's recent two
statements Boris Johnson's been caught
out a fair few times in his role as
British Foreign Secretary sometimes
doing the wrong thing other time saying
the wrong thing and this time his
blunders have taken the form of the
written words after a series of
unfortunate events at the UK Foreign
Office having to delete their old tweets
and post new ones Boris Johnson felt it
was time to get the facts in the
scruples case straight once and for all
Boris writes that Britain's port and
downs chemical weapons lab that
identified the substance used had been
developed by Moscow well we remember the
Porton Down interview slightly
differently we have not verified the
precise source you have not been able to
establish that this was made in Russia
as I said it's our job to provide you
know the scientific evidence that
identifies what the particular nerve
agent is
you're not able at Porton down to say
where it is from we haven't yet been
able to do that within the last decade
russia has investigated ways of
delivering nerve agents probably for
assassination and as part of this
program has produced and stockpiled
small quantities of Nava choke hold your
horses the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons has
confirmed the destruction of all
chemical weapons in Russia actually the
elimination of weapons that the last
facility to hold such chemicals was in
fact acknowledged by the international
watchdog last year
Boris writes that Russia has an obvious
motive for targeting Sergei scrapple
well there appears this obvious motive
has zero value Russia notes the double
agent wasn't of any importance after
moving to the UK as part of the spice
world he was handed in to Britain as a
result of exchange so why should Russia
and in a man that is of any importance
or that is of any value it's
unimaginable
why not link the death of one spy to
another that seems to be the firm
favorite for Boris the fate of Alexander
Litvinenko murdered in London in 2006
demonstrates the Kremlin's willingness
to kill someone in this country the
Russian Duma has actually passed a law
that allows the assassination of
extremists overseas first of all it's
never been proved Moscow was behind
Litvinenko's death and secondly former
spies are not exactly extremists but to
follow Boris's logic the Kremlin is
simply willing to kill someone in
Britain after listing these facts
Boris comes to the same old conclusion
not only the Russian state has the means
motive and the records to carry out this
crime a lengthy and thorough
investigation carried out by the best
Scotland Yard detectives military and
chemical experts oh wait no by the man
becoming rather notorious for his gasps
Boris Johnson we've also spoken to James
Tor a chemical weapons expert he
believes it's extremely easy to make
nerve agents if the structure of the
chemical compound is known
there's not possible to know where nerve
agent has been produced whether it's
whether it's in one country or another
it's not possible to to identify that by
it to a certain country that there's
many well published formulas of nerve
agents and the structures are known and
then the toxicity profiles are known so
so many people can make nerve agents and
they know what structures to go to go
toward well the only way you could get
the exact source is if the nerve agent
were not very pure so if we're not very
pure and you found at at a particular
site the same impurities in the sample
as you're finding it some other location
then you could say there's a high
probability it came from from that
source but unless you've had samples
like that it's hard and if if it's made
by a nation state that knows what
they're doing and the purity is there
then you don't have any impurities to
mark against it would be very hard to to
name it to a specific location or a
particular laboratory
