Israel was behind a missile attack on
Syria's largest military base
that's according to Russia's Defense
Ministry earlier on Monday a number of
rockets hit the airfield with at least a
dozen deaths reported and for more
updates I'm joined live by artis ela
petrenko has been across the story the
whole day what more do we know so far
details have been coming in all day hi
again Dan well first of all Israel
regularly targets pro Iran Pro Assad
militias
in Syria and usually they don't comment
on things like that like they didn't
this time around but the timing of this
apparent strike by Israel could really
turn things upside-down for everyone in
what way what impact could this have
well it's because of the build-up ahead
of this now April in Syria and things
that are happening there for a second
year in a row could have put the world
on the brink of a conflict
last year we remember that an alleged
airstrike made Donald Trump use Tomahawk
weapons Tomahawk missiles sorry that
were launched against a Syrian air base
in the Latakia province that was the
time when Russia use Russia u.s. ties
almost completely fell apart and the
Syria peace process was thrown off track
so it is now April 2018 and last
Saturday we got a report of a chlorine
attack happening in the town of Duma
which is an East gouta besieged by
Damascus and there was no military
response obviously from the West
straight away and like last time that
missile strike Donald Trump threatened a
price to pay what difference is there
this time well there were signals that
some kind of military response could be
in an offering the reaction from
dominant Trump was very strong he called
President Assad an animal then the
leader of France Emmanuel macron joined
in and said that the Syrian government
won't be able to get away with this both
of them also blamed Iran and Russia for
being involved in this as
they say on the other hand last week
Vladimir Putin said that Moscow is in
possession of intelligence that the
militants in that area could be prepping
a chemical attack as a provocation to
again derail the peace efforts following
the reports of chlorine being released
the Russian Foreign Ministry said that
anyone who intervenes from the West with
some sort of military action will face
the most serious consequences but then
suddenly boom it's Israel that launches
this apparent airstrike we've got the
Security Council meeting coming up later
what's next in all this latest scandal
well first of all let's see what the
envoy's of these countries that are
involved in this scandal and the
tensions we'll have to say during that
Security Council meeting but now with
Israel having launched this strike we
don't know if there will be a follow-up
by the likes of the US and France and
also will watch out for the response of
Russia for the response of the Syrian
officials but again this latest round of
tension is due to these allegations of
the chemical attack in Duma
