East guta is almost over 90% has been
liberated by Syria's government the army
of Islam news from al-qaeda affiliate
other Islamists they've lost opting to
take the buses to rebel territories
the vast majority of rebels surrendered
and negotiations are underway for the
handover of the last rebel stronghold on
the cusp of victory as is now tradition
Assad goes against all reason and logic
he's won this battle and launches
chemical weapons at civilians according
to his enemies he can't help it the
United States continues to use all
efforts available to hold those who use
chemical weapons in Syria and otherwise
accountable the regime's history of
using chemical weapons against its own
people is not in dispute Russia warned
repeatedly that this may happen they had
intelligence a month ago that rebels
were preparing to stage these attacks
why not if they can't fight if they
can't win why not try to provoke an
international intervention it's worked
before that is not to say we're jumping
to conclusions meanwhile in a besieged
enclave of Eastern Goethe rebels are
continuing to leave the last group has
finally agreed to be evacuated to the
north of the country we spoke to some
doctors who worked in Duma during
previous reports of chemical attacks in
the area
I'm amis furtiveness there was one case
I faced on January 13th at 6 a.m.
reports came in about the strike and the
use of chemical weapons 6 people were
hospitalized we examined them and found
no problems with their Airways they were
just scared and I think you pointed to
it and it was impossible to talk about
it even after analysis of blood and
clothes though it was during my work
there there were also cases on January
22nd and February 25th during the
medical examinations nothing was found
those people had the symptoms of panic
and fear but not poisonous Custis some
joined live by political analyst Talib
Ibrahim thanks for joining us good to
have you on the program the Israeli
airstrike or at least what the Russian
military is saying is an Israeli
airstrike it's come at a very tense time
in Syria what do you make of the timing
of this whole incident I think yes when
our ago that the Syrian army spokesman
said that it was an Israeli Air Force at
that by f15 from Lebanese cries and they
made that they launched it eight
missiles against t4 airbase and Syrian
army could shoot down five of those 5me
missiles I think this is other another
evidence that Israelis backing
terroristic groups and all militants who
are fighting the Syrian state because we
used after every victory for the Syrian
army that Israel is intervening to back
there was militants who are actually
their allies and it is and they are
Israeli Army's inside Syria and how
could this strike affect younger in
conflict I mean do you think it will
spark more tension there's a Security
Council meeting tonight presumably we'll
see some some strong rhetoric there
presumably some some diplomatic
consequences some military consequences
how do you think it will affect the
resolution here I didn't hear your
question will about if you are talking
about any kind of political review
yes how do you think this strike will it
will affect the ongoing conflict
obviously there there's the dialogue
negotiation going to take place do you
think that we put on hold now as a
result of this of this very
controversial incident I don't think
that the Israeli air strike should be
effective and it will not make anything
it will not make any change on the
ground if you if we will talk about the
resolution in gota or on the political
resolution in Syria and in general but
this is as I told you another evidence
that Israel is backing terrorists in
Syria and Israel is trying to play a
certain role inside Syria to say to the
international community that Israel is
ready and they can intervene inside
Syria and it can do anything but but
actually this is senseless and it will
not make any change on the ground or on
the political level mmm Israel of course
so far at least denied to decline to
comment either way our involvement we'll
see what happens at that Security
Council meeting
political analysts alibi him there
thanks for your take today on our tea
