clashes have erupted in the French city
of Nantes environmental activists have
defied a deadline to leave a squatters
camp at the site of a planned airport
well for moralist we're now joined by
our correspondent Charlotte Dubinsky
who's close to the scene I mean hi there
lotta so what's the latest on this well
as you can see all around us it's pitch
black people are not expecting the
explosions to happen until 6 a.m. this
morning local time here in France they
started at around 2 a.m. as we were
trying to enter the scene here not for
Danville and most of the roads were
blocked by the police they're not
letting press in not letting any billion
and that's because there had been a call
to arms for people to come and stand
with the saddest the people who've made
not heard on the land their home over
the last few years to stop them from
being expelled from this region well why
are they being expelled well that's
because the government decided earlier
this year it would not go ahead with
plans long health plans to build an
airport here they said that that meant
that the people who'd been protesting
against the plans for that Airport
should then leave the area and they were
given until the end of the winter period
will that finished a week ago and now
the government wants them out and it's
going to get them out by force this
morning we've already experienced tear
gas as we were wandering through the
fields trying to get close to some of
the explosions where it's happening
we've been hearing the tear gas being
fired off and we also know and we can
see in the distance there have been
fires burning throughout the night here
in not redundant land people are
determined that they're going to fight
for the land the land that they see is
their land
many people have spent years here
building homes at homes that started off
as shanty tents and out of wood and have
become much more permanent structures
people say this is a place where they
have been farming the land they've got
animals they're living this is now a
family territory and they want to hold
on to this they see it as being
something very very precious to them the
government says this land doesn't belong
to you you have to get out now we we are
hearing that the police are forcing some
people out of certain areas and the
saddest as they called who live here are
fighting back they're holding this
territory they're lighting fires when
the
they're also throwing things projectiles
at the police and as we know for the
last few weeks they have been arming
this area battling I mean you can't see
it behind me because it's so dark Kate
but just behind me there's actually a
road that's been blocked by tires
because what they've tried to do is
almost defend themselves by staying in
here and I don't know if you can hear
but we we can hear something being shot
off in the background it sounds like
teargas to me and we have as I said
experienced some tear gas this morning
very faintly from where we are we've got
our safety gear ready but we're hoping
to go closer now and to get into the
action where it looks like there is
going to be some huge clashes between
the people who say it's their right to
stay here and the police have been told
they have to get them out yeah we can
certainly see in some of those pictures
the teargas so stay safe Artie Charlotte
D rensky Anand thank you
