there's a David and Goliath battle
playing out in the US state of Michigan
right now despite widespread public
opposition the food giant Nestle is
being allowed to extract more drinking
water from the state groundwater table
it can now extract around 1500 liters
per minute that's around 500 more than
was previously allowed now that has
sparked huge concerns about the
environmental consequences for all this
a poll shows this quite clearly nearly
eighty one thousand people didn't want a
Nestle to extract more of the water
versus around just seventy five who said
it was okay but that was ignored with
the authorities saying that the poll was
irrelevant and didn't apply to their
policies in full transparency the
majority of the public comments were in
the position of the permit but most of
them related to issues of Public Policy
which are not and should not be part of
an administrative permanent decision
opposition to this goes back to 2001
when Nestle was first sued for potential
damage to lakes rivers and streams as a
result the company had to limit water
extraction people in Michigan are once
again
voicing their concerns this is when we
moved here you can see that there's no
no growth on either side Nestle has a
reputation worldwide of going to poor
rural communities offering all kinds of
economic benefits to the community that
never really materialized and taking as
much water as they can get and when a
stream runs dry they leave the Nestle
contractor who received the permit says
it will carefully review the agreement
and will comply with all of its
requirements Michigan Environmental
Council says the water extraction is
going to be highly monitored if they do
pump in the level of the water goes down
this is something that groups like our
own could take Nestle to court and have
the courts enforce the permit we make
sure that no nobody takes too much water
out of a river so that it so that it
runs dry or everything so that's why
they're gonna monitor the flow and make
sure that that flow maintains at a
healthy level and in cases where if the
streamflow starts to drop then they're
required to turn back there
Wells and turn them down so it's going
to be very closely monitored withdrawal
and if we do see that impact happening
then we'll be asking state officials to
to void the permit and make West make
Nestle turn the wells off
