the US Department of Homeland Security
is recruiting staff to compile a
database aimed at monitoring journalists
around the world under the plan the
government will track more than two
hundred and ninety thousand global news
sources in more than a hundred languages
including Chinese Arabic and Russian it
will also focus on so-called influences
on social media this comes at a low
point in relations between the media and
the Trump administration the President
himself has gone as far as calling it a
war as you know I have a running war
with the media fake news media or press
the crooked media is a failing pile of
garbage
fake fake they are among the most
dishonest human beings on earth well the
US government's plan to monitor
journalists has been met with widespread
alarm maybe the Trump homeland security
forces would like dissidents - we're
monitoring bracelets and submit
themselves for tattoos - cool
the Office of Homeland Security wants to
Docs all the journalists in the country
this isn't bad at all when you have a
president who has called the press the
enemy of the American people I think
it's understandable for people to be
concerned when DHS announces that they
want to create a media monitoring
platform meanwhile a spokesperson for
homeland security has rejected
suggestions the plan will compromise
freedom of speech they claim media
monitoring is standard practice while
comparing critics to conspiracy
theorists political talk show host Brian
Crabtree says the government is going
too far I'm a little puzzled why
everyone can't look in their own mirror
in the United States and realize we do
have a media problem here a big one
think we've got to do something -
disincentivize fake news which is
basically lying or creating a
disingenuous presentation to the
American people which is ultimately
misleading as to the facts I don't think
that that should be outlawed but I think
it should be frowned upon enough that
society just doesn't tolerate it we've
got to hold our media accountable to the
truth whatever does that I'm for if we
step one one bit over that line
I'm BM Utley against it
