welcome one and all to the Stan
Collymore Show
now last week we saw all 32 of the
qualified nations play international
friendlies in preparation for the big
event the World Cup is coming here's a
roundup of all the scores that house
Russia lost twice in the international
break work for Sony's love church stuff
to do Germany lost for the first time in
28 games that was against Brazil I'm
sure the Germans won't mind they are
champions of the world of course
England's they won against Netherlands
and drew to Italy two huge nations that
of course that will not be at the World
Cup this year also London hosted a
triple header Colombia played the
Socceroos in Australia the Nigerian
Super Eagles played Senegal in England
hosted Italy at Wembley
we sent reporters to all three to get
the latest action
the master Miller here at the height the
home of Bwana FC for the match between
Serbia and the Nigerian Super Eagles
will be catching up with the players of
fans and what they think are their
chances for the World Cup Alex you come
down to the hive today but which team
will you be supporting honestly speaking
I'm a lover of football but I'm gonna be
supporting the Super Eagles because they
play a good football but I know that
Serbia they've got one or two good
players as well that's gonna give an
idea problem also no no we're not going
but we will support and watch our our
Serbian team and how far do you think
Serbia can go in the World Cup well our
team I think is past the first round and
I think that's about it anything after
that will be poor no suppose
today's be no Cushi the Whoopi's baby
gonna get a go cuz also dying what are
you saying
through my trip i haven't got the tree
plant yet i'll husband I've just booked
a ticket to get to rush I believe will
resolve my hotel cuz I'm gonna save up
some money but I'm definitely going
that's the shine I'm gonna watch other
night you have much hopefully we go
further I'm not getting October
Argentina everyone said Nigeria's gonna
win tonight would you agree absolutely
not no judge we're gonna win - no I
think this might have an impact on the
World Cup not really
like I said either one it's just one of
the friendly games the coach like you
said yesterday would like to see what's
up with the game will be team and works
down
absolutely crazy I've never seen
anything like it
well I have when teams have won the
Premier League you can see how
passionate the fans are and if this is
an indication of what it's going to be
like in Russia
everyone's in for a treat because their
passion is on another level out there
you know Serbia I'd say our played
Nigeria today they played a bit of a
weak inside a lot of changes in the
Serbian side itself in a new coach new
captain right we played well so it's
good the good for confidence and going
into the next friendlies and then
obviously to walk up itself Costa Rica's
are the most important game so to get a
free point today see what happens you
know Brazil the last game that's the
dream I mean if we could get something
out of Brazil the world champions and
just watch champions but culturally the
best footballing side in the world so on
yeah
our focus should be to to create a hype
team spirit that we have already but
maybe to bring it even one level or one
step further and then just focus on the
basics and you're making not too many
failures and I think we can go places
not you wanted but you fired a bit of
motivation to win out in Russia yeah
definitely I think as we came in to the
changing demands you said as always as
these games are the ones we learn most
from I guess when we lose I think from
the last six games we won five so this
is where we realized that stuff that we
need to do better but the same time
there's a lot of young guys a place like
for them not for the first time but
together for the first time and yeah I
think you can take some pulses are this
game but definitely a lot we can last
them and the fans tonight was a bit of a
show at the end
welcome to Nigeria that's all I have to
say that's us
gently
tonight
so will you begin to share all thankful
I would like to but in my position it's
a bit difficult if I can find a way
again out there I would do and do you
think there's a very triple English I
don't think so there's gonna be no more
problem than there is in any other game
any other football game around the world
i party they've been in trouble I think
it's all being blown out
right
we always get mode we're gonna get
attacked over there this time you know
we don't very often with the national
team so every chance we get every game
we play is really important to to see
our improvement to see see where we need
to work on and where we can where we can
improve so every game was important
because we spend some so little time
together and the World Cup I'm really
excited I think as a group we're really
excited you know it's going to be a
fantastic event we're looking forward to
and I can't wait to be a part of it
hopefully
England are very much work in progress
at the moment they have a core of very
good players out of ten kind of standard
players and you consider them on the
international level the one standout
player is Harry Kane and then there are
a couple of others below that who are
capable of hitting that world-class
standard range sterling when he's really
on his game is a fantastic player out of
Milano when he's fully fit he's
incredibly creative can unlock any
defense in my opinion we have very good
fullbacks Danny Rosen is on his game
isn't at the moment but he's a very
remarkable player Kyle Walker one of the
best right backs in the world it's just
like question of the deep line midfield
positions whether they can be creative
enough to open up and defenses and to
court scores enough goals hopefully we
can and potentially we can get through
to the latter stages here at Craven
Cottage following the Australia Colombia
match two teams going into the World Cup
let's meet some of the fans and players
we are gonna win find a place to go up a
cow to Prohibition
Romina Colombia
obviously the best weekend under the
circumstances
I love the changes recently ah but okay
but okay
I may do it okay I usually pull out a
kid in it it started you okay but I'll
pass accomplished I'll I was just on in
solo they played better in France but
they did everything to divert school I
lose unlucky should have put a penalty
away the post twice but overall listen
this is a friendly you wait till they
get over in washroom and they'll be
doing the South's all day long that week
so you know so long live Columbia River
pull or my papa
now but your most important because
they're gonna vomit well your name
I wanna give it okay leo
v la cosa mi casa para moving apart
pillowy we contain the for for a studio
for the por la people people to consume
consume with us to do
a lot of games were played in the
international break over several match
days here's summer games that caught our
eye join us after the break as I chat to
Spain striker Iago asked us don't go
anywhere
you
now here's the score I didn't expect to
see in the international break Spain
beat the Alba Celeste that's Argentina
six goals to one no Leo Messi though
nothing to worry about
recently we sat down with goal scorer
number six in that defeat of Argentine
Iago asked us to discuss his dreams of
playing in his first ever FIFA World Cup
finals
the Stan Collymore show today has come
to a very wet and windy Galicia in
northern Spain to chat to a man who may
well be lifting the World Cup in Russia
in the summer he's played for Liverpool
he's played for Sevilla and Mary place
for Celta Vigo let's have a chat with
hiago Espace
Yago delighted that you join me on the
stand Collymore show here in Vigo 16
goals so far this season in La Liga how
happy are you with life at Celta Vigo
I'm lucky I do that much hysterical
called la familia starring in la keepo k
kc n te quieres 1 here so i do da mucho
loco mentor another who I was Sebastian
Coe con la cual push guitars and yellow
polka Massey revealing interesting
totally familiar how excited are you at
the end of this season you could be the
top scoring Spaniard in the Spanish La
Liga which is possibly the best league
in the world must be very exciting time
to you she's a la Concha he'll nail on
your passado tengo Mucha suspenders per
one or local area they say trophy open
valve era I would open okay Havasu
mañana el año pasado telemedicine
semi-finalists con con el Manchester
United he one of the okay as of well I
spin attack America Dhokla Villopoto so
kilowatt better upper spine is a huge
football country and obviously one of
the favourites to win the World Cup in
Russia you whenever full Spanish
international how excited are you with
till three months of the season left at
the thought of potentially playing at
the World Cup
well no I would show para para Samanya
al dos tres meses yo tengo una suspect
at Eva's muy altas porque tengo la
confianza del del internal order a
tenido anterior meant over guano I
muchisimas Warner's Google origin
endlessly Theo Newcastle she was a
police car dentro del mundo lo tenemos a
group Oh magnifico messiah de los
grandes jugadores ki croaking oh boy
once compañeros tanto pasando por el
capitan
another suitable second Takaful
how tough is the competition to get into
the Spanish squad as a striker players
like Diego Costa and of course
Alvaro Murata plays at Chelsea
there are some fantastic strikers there
do you feel ready to compete with them
for a place in the squad she's our
sympathy or would suck on film is more
circuit Widow Holland Elizabeth Kostova
the host on tanto Diego Costa Coco
Murata I mean star Rodrigo burello the
Valencia Oscar Moreno I mean I
muchisimas grande squad or su guang Oh
como da ante say tengo la suerte de
barrel ego anti-solar silicon a su vida
in pequeno policy tambien para no Carlos
glad to see he's eager to say done delay
material mr. Baca basically mundo what
qualities do you feel that you can bring
to the squad well no creo que tengo a
Chicago Soviet evoke a tenemos en la
elección cameraman TB analysis patio no
no solo Coppola Durant era también la
derecha de maria puntal mr. coucher
utilises poco más de de como dean
dependiendo de del Ravel personally
somebody specifics
what is your elder writing emotion of
your time at Liverpool we're
disappointed we're excited
did it give you a good experience to
type the shelter explaining liverpool
experience why start of a mother who was
one another okay well you seem
experienced a little nunca they they are
key the Vigo the no sólo el hecho de
jugar Cairo to vo vo mucho para para
aprender para vivir el otro food mole
per policy decir lo de de otra manera el
lugar ellen trainer dou dou y ver que no
tienes minutos para guano's a punto de
una Liga Taniya this was a company rule
in our allow their Stephen get out of
the day Luis Suarez Philippe Coutinho
sterling asterisk any emotion Randy so
much people phone a pen I know another
Portuguese oh there's a Liga a pesar de
nobody frittata me to shop in villages
when I played when I was younger there
were several strikers that I learned
from when you Liverpool did you learn
from other players like Daniel storage
and Luis Suarez the dimension they take
little bits from all of the strikers
that you played with over your career
che Claro por supuesto sober at all
usuario Horus the lantern of del mundo
solo Berlin trainer and run those or and
calculate a PTO prophet and a solo para
las cabañas komodo and Su momento para
alla siciliana si es a two-year silly a
lager artosis was lagers calligraph su
carrera notionally recruits in opening
the Barcelona in a scenario the wider
messi ronaldo of course bulk Lionel
eager that would be posted playing at
the World Cup
how does it feel to be playing at the
same time as two of the greatest players
ever to play football
what a progression will look for young
privilegio creo que pasa defeating
volver próximo Sanjay's volver al Gardo
su grabbed ASIMO's jugadores de de
settle on todas communal dada solo viva
los a la liga seen on en los pitches
came a tengo una locura de regalos de
los mundial esto lo que está haciendo
trachoma ser muy muy difícil de que
mucho
do you younger players still get excited
at the thought of playing in a World Cup
we now have the Champions League which
is very big league the Premier League
big big leagues and big competitions is
it still the pinnacle to play a World
Cup she well no the most important a
Sylvia DeShazo
no más importante trauma sorry penciling
and say - Milan party don't partied okay
Sonia better stop Pecola flaccid a they
see me only fair one of locust Noga
tiene sisters pensando the key I think
oh message but Sir when with the fetal
tenemos una before legal el mundo Paloma
knows your face this would temporarily
English a colleague as paniolo mikela la
penna lately fruit are lots of this Lina
too low or no casa sorry one of the
neighbors muchisimas respected
irresistible girl how did you feel the
first time he pulled on the Spanish
shirt what were the emotions in your
head in your heart well muchisimas about
us interior mucho tiempo trabajando de
venir the dos anos interior estan to
Liverpool como Sevilla seen seahorse in
Tunisia confianza he was father Lutheran
and Webley contralateral father a marker
go Leal not to say cause a human part a
 men are gonna kill mucho suppose
finally what is the ambition for yoga
last bus in the next five years
what are you hoping to achieve in this
next five years
well Jackie I think one universe a
quarter think one is a contra angle
Delta u subreddits okay Stewie muy muy
contento key when a Newcastle is not
about personal food - Rakharo you know
what we're out of common felt uh por
supuesto eternal to say a versatile
respect as a participant Miguel it's
fantastic to see you hopefully you get
into the squad with the World Cup in my
break my will you be lifting that trophy
in injury law that would be fantastic
thank you very welcome
