you mentioned the athletic commission
but we saw a Las Vegas Metro involved as
well I'm sure it's still kind of
unfolding right now but are you aware of
any legal implications any charges that
are being filed against hubby those
weights the way that that works is
Connor was one of the guys who was
attacked and things like that
Connor refused to press charges so the
guys that they did have they've released
there were three guys from Habib's team
arrest I think they were from a Biebs
team I don't know that were arrested and
and they were released because Connor
didn't want to press charges how about
for you internally I mean it looked like
two of the guys that got in there and we
believe we're on the roster I mean as a
mocking chef and severe I took it off
would you take
would you take saying she give him or
her beep of course of course the guys
who jumped in will never fight here
they'll never fight here and the listen
i-i've been working hard for 18 years to
build the sport and many of you there I
know there's a lot of media here tonight
and some of you this is your first event
you can promise you this is not what a
mixed martial arts event is normally
like and you know when you have such an
amazing event that we've worked hard to
build over the last several months and
mchte I mean literally it was to area I
kept saying this is too crazy man
everybody made weight everything so
smooth everything is this and that took
all the right precautions you know those
of you that have been to many events to
you've never seen this many metro police
officers in the building and you know
security was unbelievable we had
meetings we even I think the last
meeting we had with both teams was was
before the it was during the the OSP
Reyes fight we did another meeting with
them on what's gonna happen in this way
I was going in the Octagon and nobody
else until you know I felt like we had
control
I would determine who could come in and
who could everybody signed off and
everybody was cool you know but I don't
know nobody saw Habib diving over the
you know he scaled that thing like he
was a parkour guy it happened so fast
you know
the police did what they could do and
the security but they did a great job of
containing it because I know listen I
was at the Tyson Holyfield fight when
that that thing was crazy it just
spilled out into the crowd then it
spilled out into the casino and it just
seemed like it wouldn't stop and when it
started that's all I had visions of that
because I was there it was fucking scary
and they did a great job of containing
it because usually that stuff spreads
like a wildfire so props to them and
thanks to them Danny I know you always
told you know us that you never tell
guys what to say or what not to say or
how to hype a fight or whatever but this
thing was so emotionally politically you
know charged in the build-up to it after
this happened is there any regret that
maybe you allowed it to go on or didn't
step in the last time this is the last
time guys are gonna say mean things to
each other it's the fight business you
know it's it's the fight game it's how
it works so listen the people have been
saying mean things to each other for 18
years here at the UFC nothing like this
has ever happened and last thing for me
dan I appreciate you talking about this
uh you know a rematch between those two
seems both incredibly lucrative and also
incredibly scary you know with what
would happen so give us an idea kind of
where you stand I mean should these guys
run it back or is that an awful idea for
the UFC we have to see what happens with
the Nevada State Athletic Commission I
mean not just in the Commission I mean
there's gonna be fines there's gonna be
god knows what you know can these guys
get visas and get back in the country
you know what I mean and I mean Habib
will see how this thing plays out and
you know like I was saying been doing
this for 18 years and the biggest night
ever and I couldn't be more disappointed
you know you know me I'm usually mad at
everything you know but I'm not even mad
I'm just really disappointed Dana you
said that the bus incident was
disgusting
the press conference was the darkest
press conference ever today you're
disappointed
do you regret using the bus footage
which kind of incensed O'Connor all I
mean but I mean looking back to kind of
how it ended up right now would you do
the same again I would okay it's part of
the story yeah where's cabby where's
khabib right now he's here
it could be are we gonna be able to talk
to him or do you know um I think so yeah
he'll be here okay did you get a chance
to talk to Connor after the whole
incident and kind of white frame after
the fight and also he didn't care he
didn't care about the fight he was
meaning the fight after he was more
concerned about the fight the fight
fight what did he say what did he say
said listen I'm um I'm upset I don't
give you I'll give a shit about any of
that stuff you know we don't like each
other whatever now he didn't even press
charges you know you know he doesn't
like Habeeb and the whole deal but he
didn't press charges against him and his
team he he doesn't care about that he
cares that he lost the fight have you
talked to khabib right not okay thank
you
what did he say to you in the Octagon
who have anybody saw you talking to him
in the Octagon yeah so Habib I said when
he said put my belt on me and and I said
no we're not gonna put the belt on you
because I think that the fans are gonna
go crazy and they're gonna throw stuff
in here he says I don't care I'm ready
for this I'm ready for this I said yeah
well the other 20,000 people that are
sitting here and paid for tickets aren't
ready for this you know what I mean and
he said if I have to be arrested then
then I have to be arrested but I want my
belt put on me
and then finally Cormier and Rockhold
did a great job of
helping contain you know the situation
and get him out of there is this was it
a bad thing from the standpoint
everybody's talked and every but nobody
was mad there wasn't any fans we're
saying I'll never watch UFC again
they're talking one of these guys gonna
fight again so is it a bad thing or is
it a good thing no it's it's it's
definitely not a good thing you know
what I mean and and and maybe I'm taking
it harder than most people would because
this uh I don't know she's not who we
are it's not what we do you guys know
you've been to a million events man
million events the saint of like a red
sox-yankees game it's not like you know
I mean I've been to some Red Sox Yankees
game that'll scare the shit out of
anybody this is not what we're about
this isn't what we do this isn't how we
how we act and you know it's it's
unfortunate that the night that the most
people are watching this shit show goes
on that that happened do you feel Dana
if you had taken action after the bus
incident like that you know the legal
process took place you were adamant you
walk in to do anything had you suspended
Connor for you know X period of time
that you don't think that would have had
any attorney had nothing to do with that
he wasn't coming back and saying he
wants to jump over the fence because we
didn't suspend Connor jumped over the
fence because Connors guy was talking
shit to him no understood but don't you
think that just the fact that set the
tone like it allowed that to happen if
there had been some do you have any idea
how much money it cost Connor I do whole
thing that it's fucking millions of
dollars but they're silly like khabib
doesn't know that or a Cubs team doesn't
know that and say I know that the
argument the point I'm making not an
argument I ask you a question would be
it's a deterrent effect if you say you
look in the NFL or wherever it they
suspended guys for a period of time it
serves as a deterrent and not other
people to not do that same thing and I
guess that's what I'm saying
had you done taking some action on the
UFC part he violated the code of conduct
or whatever you want to say he did would
that not have maybe prevented some of
the heated stuff that happened this
promotion I would listen who we didn't
so I don't know but I would say no if we
suspended Connor I don't think that was
going to stop or slow down or or hinder
the hatred between these two camps
and I'm sure the guys these guys don't
give a shit about suspensions and stuff
like this is so much bigger than that to
these guys this is this is some some
Street shit that's going on here this
isn't sport this is it's completely
different the suspensions and whatever
on that stuff matter and a suspension
might have pissed them off even more
because Habib wanted to fight him a bead
was ready to I mean Habib wanted to
fight him as soon as it was possible so
me going out and suspending honnor
definitely doesn't do that for him can
you take a question about the actual
fight yeah you're you're pretty
impressions that Habib his performance
tonight and does a fight with Tony
Ferguson makes sense given that might
have been one of the greatest fights in
UFC history sure now if I was incredible
the the pedestal fight of the night
Palace fight was awesome yeah that they
both look great and then I thought the
main event was awesome too right up
until the end I thought the first round
Conor actually did a good job of
normally when Habib gets you down there
he smashes you in that position Conor
did a good job of defending that first
round but then Habib does what he does
and he starts to wear you out and that's
exactly what he did to Connor any update
on how the pay-per-view did I haven't
even looked at that's what I should be
in here bragging about right now is the
pay-per-views but no I'm I'm I haven't
even looked at that I've been even
talked about it with anybody or when
will you know probably after this I'll
grab somebody infinitely it has been
interested would you text them and let
them know initially what I have
interested would you text him I let him
know I might a question over here Dana
obvious just over here so is it 100%
said in the khabib will not be stripped
of the title after what happened tonight
no it's not 100% habib is that the thing
is we're regulated by the nevada state
athletic commission or whatever state
were in
right the Nevada State Athletic
Commission is gonna go after him I'm
sure pretty hard
you know he doesn't have to worry about
me right now he has to worry about
Nevada the governor was here tonight the
governor went running out of the
building that's not good governor
running out of a building isn't good
he's in trouble what do you make of tiny
Ferguson because obviously he was the
interim champion before is there a
chance that he could become interim
champion again while this whole thing's
being figured out
I am completely not thinking about any
of that shit I'm not even thinking about
pay-per-views that's how messed up I am
right now so yeah I'm not even thinking
about that stuff obviously he put on an
incredible performance he got hurt he
came back won the fight and yeah I
Ferguson so happy that he actually
stepped up and fought on this card too
you know that's how you let's say you
stay active you stay in front of the
fans especially as many people that were
watching tonight and everybody loved
that fight it was a really good night
for Toni and just finally obviously a
big fight looking like it's gonna happen
between Dustin and night is there a
chance that McGregor may face Nate now
to sort of take a break from this whole
khabib thing like my face who Nate no
Nate yeah I don't
Nate Nate's fighting in New York so if
that if he does win the fight declassify
I don't know again things I'm not
thinking about we good
I talked to Bennett yeah yeah no just
I talked to Bennett about he said he was
withholding both purses he's gonna not
give these guys their money then um they
went in they pulled a bunch of footage
from us they did some and they called me
back said we gave McGregor they did an
interview with McGregor and then they
gave him his purse and they're
withholding Habib's that's it that's all
we talked about go ahead buddy
I almost said go ahead steep a give
steep a Miocic a mic here thank you
what's up like a reporter from a news
agency Tass Seagal Azorian I asked again
we heard that three guys from Habib team
arrested they're free now and I heard
that sue Byron - who gov was in an
arrest and he will he fight against
global so so what I heard is that three
of his guys were arrested I don't know
who they were but then they went to
Conor McGregor to press charges and
McGregor said he would not press charges
so they were released and yes if they
are guys who are under contract with the
UFC they will not fight hey Dana Dana on
Thursday I asked this is Dallas off from
MMA fight radio on Thursday I asked you
if this was one of the biggest moments
of your professional career yeah I
remember after what happened afterwards
does that change your your opinion on
whether or not this one this was the big
one on your big it's it's still one of
the biggest moments of my career just I
should feel a lot better right now than
I do you know I mean I should be
celebrating we should all be celebrating
we should all be having fun and you know
celebrating how when you put on the
right event with the right guys at the
right time how it all comes together and
it works for everybody this is very
successful I'm sure for all of you
because I don't care what you put up
this week the thing was
banking on views no matter what you put
up it was a very good week for everybody
it just it really sucks to end it like
this instead of celebrating we're all
sitting around saying wow that was I was
pretty shitty thank you
Thank You Dana I mean you said the
Commission is withholding Habib's money
what about the money he would make from
you guys through the pay-per-view or
anything like that will there be any
impact to him on that front
what do you mean like it's like withhold
our money yeah but their withhold
Marmont no I mean like the money you
would pay to Habib for his pay-per-view
time could beeps yeah yeah no yeah yeah
like a fine welcome that could be won't
get it first of all it takes so long for
the pay-per-view numbers to come in it's
you won't get a check for awhile
listen the Nevada State Athletic
Commission is going to take the lead on
this thing that they're the regulators
are the ones that oversee us we'll see
what happens obviously if they give them
a really light punishment which I highly
doubt is gonna happen then we'll go from
that Dana yeah how much is the purse
that was withheld and number and number
two I know you mentioned that these
fighters are just gonna talk leading up
but are you gonna will you read the way
some of the ethnic and religious
comments that kind of filter through at
these events that could possibly have
fueled the brawl I mean are you gonna
take reevaluate the way these pre-fight
discussions just unfold
well that will I really wait what it
sounds like an airplane hangar in here
man well I really what are you gonna
reevaluate the the discussions between
the fighters because some of these guys
can handle it I mean Connors a showman
he's doing his thing Habib doesn't seem
as though he was experienced and he kind
of took the ethnic-religious offensive
comments to heart that could have fueled
the brawl today I'm just wondering are
you gonna take another look at just how
these these quote-unquote
mean words affect the fighters as a
lead-up to the events first of all it
had nothing to do with Conor you didn't
see him run and try to attack Conor
after the fight it was a corner mended a
guy who had nothing to do with the fight
he wasn't involved in the fight is he's
a corner man he was the guy that was
taught that khabib went after he was
yelling stuff through the cage at Habib
you know but that's the fight business
that's sports
there's trash-talking in every sport you
know they do in the NBA they do it in
the NFL they do it in baseball it's part
of the game
it's it's just you know that's never
gonna change here you're never gonna
never going to tell somebody what they
can or can't say
that's never gonna change Dayna right
here we've had situations just to answer
your question a little bit more we've
had situations where we've had fighters
say stuff to the fans that's a whole
nother ballgame you know I mean when you
start doing that stuff with the fans but
fighters that's its competition it's
always gonna happen yeah go ahead
I'm right here okay so I'm just
basically trying to wrap this whole
thing up is there anything the UFC can
do to ensure that situations like this
in the future don't happen yeah we did
tonight how'd that work out so there's
basically nothing more do you see how
many police were here I don't even know
if the city was safe tonight there were
so many police here tonight I think
every cop in town was here we had
unbelievable amount of security here you
know and we we had I told you guys we
had meetings all week and we had two
meetings tonight the second meeting was
during the Reyes OSB fight telling these
guys what's going to happen and how this
is gonna play out we believe me we went
above and beyond anything we've ever
done in the history of the company
tonight to make sure that this didn't
happen and it happened what are you
gonna do when a guy flies like a monkey
over the friggin cage and you know you
can prepare you can have all these
people you can do all this stuff what
are you gonna do they did a great job a
great job of containing that and
stopping it
like I said earlier I've been in and
those before with the Tyson Holyfield
five minutes once it starts it's very
very hard to stop and it usually spills
out into the crowd and actually even the
fans on the way out they were actually
better than I thought they were gonna be
to be because they didn't get him till
he went through the tunnel
you're easy pickins in the tunnel man
but people could have been firing stuff
the entire time and I don't think that
happened I didn't see it unless you guys
did they just got him when he was going
in the tunnel so the team that we
assembled tonight that a fantastic job
of stopping this thing and containing
and keeping it from getting worse just
say never for me just one more for me
I seem the question that everybody is
talking about right now a lot of fans
are talking about right now is that is
there any chance that the UFC will strip
Khedive of his title pretty sure I
answer these questions already um all of
the questions you just asked me I have
answered you know we'll see the Nevada
State Athletic Commission mmm it's gonna
hand down some type of you know fine
suspension or whatever is gonna happen
that's up to them we'll see and then I
don't know um listen if he gets
suspended depends on how long his
suspension is and yeah he's probably
gonna get stripped if it's a long
suspension Dana the three biggest topics
on Twitter I believe right now at UFC
229 khabib and McGregor over a million
people tweeting could be right now it's
a sour incident for MMA I think we'll
admit that but is the fact that so many
people are engaged and so many people
are talking about the UFC is there a way
to take that and make that engagement a
positive like I said earlier I think
that um I think that obviously people
from the outside looking in can look at
it let it just this is super personal to
me you know this is this is I've worked
so hard for so long and we're at this
point where we're on ESPN it's come
January 1st this massive events people
don't look at the sport the way they do
the type of people that turned out
tonight and tonight's the that you know
this is one of those spillover events
where soccer moms are buying the
pay-per-view and watching it at big
parties and stuff and this is how the
night ends it's just it's just really
disgusting and disappointing for me
we're gonna fold up everything the tents
and you know go away no I mean we're
gonna keep putting on fights and
yeah it's just it's just a bad night for
me man and I'm sure for for many of the
people in this room have covered the
sport for a long time we know this isn't
who we are and and you know no matter
how many mean things are said to people
they fightin and we move on and I don't
know tonight's just not a great night
for me I'm not in a great mood like I
said I should be in here telling you
guys how many peopIe don't give a shit
how many pay-per-view buys we did I
could care less right now doesn't even
I'm like literally it's all I've been
talking about and thinking about all
week and right now I honestly from the
bottom of my heart on my daughter's life
don't give a shit
I don't care they know Dana here in
front of you to your right can you talk
a little bit about the loss opportunity
that could be bad tonight if he had a
career-defining victory against the
biggest name in the sport Jerry you're
absolutely right sir great question and
I agree with you
so what Habib should have done was pick
Conor up you know pull him up from the
ground hug him and say you know good
fight whatever get his belt whatever
even if you're the biggest Connor fan
ever you at least have to respect it you
know what I mean and and I think that
what Habib did to himself tonight is he
was set up all the main things that were
said about him all the stuff that
happened for he won the fight and he
looked great doing it he had the
opportunity to walk out of that place
you know a champion and look like a stud
instead of flying over the cage and
starting this whole thing that he did
should have been a very different night
for him too I agree with you you know
what was going through your minds when
you saw him go flying over the cage I
was like no way this is not happening
man this is this is not happening but
then once we got in there and yes it's
there but like this gentleman I just
talked about that's the way the show
should have ended this way and for the
show to end the way that it did like me
and this gentleman over here just talked
about you know how bad does it hurt us
what does it do I don't know if it hurts
us at all you know some people love that
shit
but for me it's it's just just a bad
night the Nevada Commission and Bob
enter and it's hoarsely strict for this
kind of thing I mean Chavez Jr was
suspended nine months a few years ago
for smoking marijuana
it's not legal in Nevada would you be
surprised to be suspended for any less
than a year someone the governor's in
the room and he has to go running out of
this place cuz he's you know wondering
what's gonna you know well it's gonna
happen to him it's not good
the governor oversees the Athletic
Commission and I'm sure this is gonna be
it's gonna be ugly you know I know it's
still fresh but where would you say this
ranks as in terms of crazy moments in
your career number one two and three
yeah
go ahead I'll try to hear you about
there you go is it possible that you
will make carry much because that will
be really funny I think do you say am I
gonna make the rematch yeah we uh we've
got to see what happens here with with
the Nevada State Athletic Commission and
we'll figure that out we'll see what
happens I'm not even thinking about that
kind of stuff right now go ahead man
pass it down to your uh yeah right so
say that khabib visa is in jeopardy
yet the Nevada State Athletic Commission
doesn't suspend him for that long of a
time are you willing to work with him
and just keep his face overseas to
defend the title no no no what are you
saying if they if the Nevada State
Athletic Commission does something to
him I just take him overseas and do it
no not if Nevada is is close ok with him
fighting but he has trouble his visa is
it's all good in the con I don't know
okay oh and also to end on a better note
woody what was said to Derrick Lewis
about taking his shorts off in the cage
he took his shorts off he didn't notice
that was he wearing under his shorts
some regular black underwear he was in
his underwear he said his balls were hot
huh
I wish that was the craziest thing that
happened and hey that's what I wish yeah
he's interesting isn't he that guy's
interesting huh I didn't even know that
we good oh go ahead buddy
tough night for you Dana well done for
keeping a lid on it yourself um earlier
in the week asked a babe if it was more
than just to fight this contest with
Connor is there any can you hear me okay
yeah is there any way that you will go
away from this and think you know I'm
gonna go and perhaps be an arbiter and
get the two camps together and just calm
this down afterwards
ace they're all further repercussions
yeah the last thing I'm gonna do is put
these two camps together again I'm
trying to keep these guys as far away
from each other as possible this is just
um this is so much deeper than that like
I said earlier these are groups of
people that do not like each other and I
don't think that I don't think that's
gonna change I don't think these guys
gonna end up you know hugging it out and
becoming friends so no thank you thanks
buddy so on when things come together on
big fights like this I know how hard all
you guys work on this too I appreciate
it thanks for everything this week you
guys and be safe going home have a good
night
