now former Brazilian President Lula da
Silva has defied a deadline to surrender
to police he's been sentenced to 12
years in prison on corruption charges in
a case that a sharply divided public
opinion Lula da Silva led Brazil from
2003 to 2011 Barack Obama once described
him as the most popular president on
earth Oh Lula oversaw a strong economic
growth and left office with a sky-high
approval rating in January he was
sentenced for bribe taking following a
trial that has triggered nationwide
unrest
well the Court has ruled that lula da
silva who has been convicted of
corruption it's alleged that while he
was president of Brazil that he engaged
in acts of corruption he was caught up
in a scandal they have ruled that that
you know with his Appeals still pending
he can be jailed he can be taken to jail
to begin serving his sentence however he
has not turned himself in he was given
until 5 p.m. today local time in Brazil
to turn himself in and begin serving his
prison sentence he didn't do that at
this point Brazil's former President
Lula da Silva is in a suburb of the
Brazilian city of Sao Paulo and he is
with lots of the supporters thousands of
his supporters in a metal Workers Union
he along with the former president who
has just recently impeached over a year
ago
both of them have have often said that
these charges of corruption are
politically motivated and the ruling to
send Lula de Silva to prison was quite
controversial many saw it as an attempt
to prevent him form from participating
in Brazilian politics in the future he
is hauled up with thousands of his
supporters in in the headquarters of
this metal Workers Union now there are
protests taking place all across Brazil
by his supporters who say that the court
rulings are not just that they are
politically motivated and this is an
attempt to to hurt the Workers Party and
the left wing of Brazilian politics so a
lot of tension in Brazil right now as
the former president is refusing to turn
himself in and surrender himself and
begins serving a prison sentence Oh Lula
da Silva spoke exclusively with RT
Spanish on the show conversation with
Korea hosted by the former president of
Ecuador Rafael Correa
and you can watch the full interview on
our youtube channel but here's a short
extract well party took a cure
surgically battle Tammy listen my party
wants me to run for president they
support my candidacy and I'm ready to do
it and win the election it is possible
to restore Brazil's economy so make sure
that we see economic growth again
creating new jobs and help the poor
become less poor they know that I can
achieve those things if they don't want
it to happen
I think Brazil's global mission is
misunderstood I'm not saying that Brazil
should dominate but it needs to make
decisions along with its equals
countries in Africa in Latin America
