poisoned double agent Sergei scrapple is
no longer in a critical condition
Salisbury hospital released an update on
his health just over an hour ago
let's go live to London now RT
correspondent Nadira Tudors there and
the deer at what else have doctors had
to say about Serge's recovery we don't
know that much but we have got a
statement from Salisbury District
Hospital released by dr. Christine and
Blanche Chavez the medical director and
she said that sir case cripple is
responding well to treatment improving
rapidly and is no longer in a critical
condition and those of the details we
have we also know that Sergei scribbles
daughter Yulia is recovering so much so
that she gave a statement to the Met
Police saying that she is growing
stronger day by day now if we go back to
the beginning these two were poisoned by
a nerve agent called Nava choke on the
4th of March now this incident has
caused mayhem across the globe and you
could almost say that it was a catalyst
for already increased tensions between
Russia and Britain in particular there
have been consequences to this event
before the investigation started and
immediately after the attack the finger
was pointed at Russia as the perpetrator
almost implying that both Sergei and
Yulia were not going to make it through
this ordeal Russia has denied any
involvement and has stuck to that and
even asked for a joint investigation
which was denied and refused by the
British authorities now that diplomatic
route did spiral Britain expelled 23
Russian diplomats Russia retaliated to
that expelling the same number and
spread to the European partners and the
u.s. as well and they also expelled a
number of diplomats from those countries
now the results came out after an
investigation at Porton Down lab and the
results were that there was no
definitive evidence as to where that
nerve agent came from so you can see
what was happening there now the latest
revelation that we've had is that the
strip has actually owned some pets then
they managed to get that information
from the niece of Sarah gates cripple
that's the cousin of Yulia
and they requested more information as
to what happened to them and the
condition that they were in so the
Russian request did have a response from
the British government they said that
when they went into the house they found
two of those guinea pigs dead they found
a cat in a distressed condition that
didn't clarify what that distress
condition was and that cat was put down
and the implications of that of course
is that no biological testing could be
done on those animals which may or may
not have been valuable towards the
investigation the situation as it is now
the two are recovering so possibly they
will be speaking at some point and they
might be able to give more clarity as to
what happened on that day
