will powers of just last hour concluded
a meeting convened by Russia on the
scrip of poisoning case the Russian
ambassador addressed the chamber for
over half an hour slamming the UK's
claims of Kremlin involvement in last
month's attack on the former double
agent and his daughter
yes Lagarde soonish let's speak
cynically why did Russia wait eight
years and decide to act two weeks before
the election and a few months before the
World Cup why was he even released from
the country in the first place why
eliminate him in that strange and
dangerous manner the meeting was
convened by the Russian Federation and
when the UN Security Council had
gathered the meeting opened with remarks
by the Russian ambassador in which he
essentially said that Moscow is
demanding answers he pointed out that
allegations were levelled against Russia
just hours after the attack had taken
place and that those allegations are
hard to believe as neither Boris Johnson
or Theresa May or chemical experts he
went on to point out that Porton Down
laboratory which actually tested the
chemical substance did not say what the
origin of the chemicals was it had no
way of determining that now we then
heard from the Russian representative
and the ambassador of the Russian
Federation said that the allegations
were absurd what is Boris Johnson
mentioned Dostoyevsky's crime and
punishment saying that the novel's main
intrigue was whether the culprit would
confess before he gets caught the novel
by the way is not about that at all it's
not a detective story it's serious
philosophical literature I would advise
Boris Johnson to read other works of
Dostoyevsky or at least learn the titles
British intelligence has immediately
rushed to Boris Johnson's rescue just
like Chippendale it's a theater of the
absurd now Russia has offered a joint
investigation into the incident however
it seems pretty clear that the United
Kingdom does not want that these are the
remarks that we heard from the
Ambassador representing the United
Kingdom before the Security Council mr.
president there are several ways to view
this joint investigation
I think the metaphor that I find most
that is that of an arsonist turned
firefighter but in this particular
instance the arsonist wishes to
investigate his own fire I am sorry mr.
president but that does not make it an
independent investigation julius cripple
has actually given her first statement
to the UK police and she is apparently
recovering from the incident so a lot of
questions are remaining and this could
be the beginning of a new chapter in the
investigation into what exactly happened
in Salas burry but the focus of the
meeting seemed to be Russia you know
strongly urging the world not to make
assumptions and to look into the actual
facts of the case so all the focus on
New York's might where that - UN
Security Council meeting took place
there as well private investor and
writer Charles hotel to give us his
thoughts about it and if you're watching
all of it but certainly the Russian
ambassador to the UN facility Ben Zia
described the UK allegations here as a
theater of the absurd is that an
accurate description as you see it from
your side of the water there yeah I mean
I think you could say many things about
Vladimir Putin and I've never met the
man but I don't think you can call him
stupid and you know the notion as the
compensators were saying that right
before an election right before this
world cup that the the Russian state
would do something like this in the UK
coming off the experience in Syria Syria
where there were questions loved it
leveled about you know what really
happened with that chemical attack back
then it just doesn't make any sense it
doesn't serve Russia's interest what it
does do is it serves to heighten the
tensions between the UK and Russia and
maybe now the US and Russia and who
benefits from that
I think it's elements within the
American deep State and a wide actors in
the UK this comes at the same time as we
have lingering serious questions over
the provenance of the steel dossier and
you know how this robert muller
investigation actually came to happen so
you know i think we we really need to
you know
I'm down a little bit and search for
evidence jointly and I don't see a
Britain shame when I see somebody make
claims that aren't supported well of
course Britain is saying no it doesn't
want to have Russia involved it once it
would therefore not be an independent
investigation if that was the case but
the benzy came out tonight with a whole
pile of questions questions that you
would very want much asked if you were
being accused of this kind of thing
is there any way any scope at all that
Russia can be involved here because it's
saying it won't go by the OPC report if
it isn't involved well I certainly hope
Russia can be involved I mean I would
oppose the quote by the logic that the
UK is using there you know is there a
possibility that either elements within
the UK Security's apparatus security
apparatus or elements you know private
contactors to the same these shadowy
organizations we've learned about is it
possible that you know they may have
instigated something like that and if so
by the logic of whoever was using that
argument the UK shouldn't be involved in
investigation so you know I really think
these are very serious matters both of
our countries are armed to the teeth
it's quite something to accuse a foreign
leader of this type of his interests the
US again said tonight Kelly curry there
around the table she said it's
Washington's firm belief that Russia was
responsible again how can the u.s. be so
sure I can't answer that question is
just as a private citizen I have my
grave doubts about this I have grave
concerns about whether our deep state
has gone rogue and whether our deep
state here in this country and its
allies are interested in always having a
high state of military sent attention so
that they can justify their existence so
I mean I think we really need to get to
the bottom you know in a fair way of
what truly did happen here perhaps you
know as we start musing and thinking
more deeply about these questions and
trying to find answers perhaps this will
actually instigate a chance for the
United States and Russia to work
productively towards a common mutual end
which is bringing tensions down and
fostering economic growth around the
world you guys on your most positive day
alright 'only would like to I guess
aren't we all getting a bit tired of
this at this point well I think we'll
leave it on that thought Sir Charles
Hotel lovely having on the program
private investor and writer on the line
for New York City to say where all that
action is at the the UN tonight thank
you
