hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
after weeks of media hysterics and
official claims without a shred of
evidence the case that Russia was behind
the Salisbury poisoning incident is
following apart transparency and the
rule of law have never played a role it
has always been about politics and a
pernicious agenda what happens next side
Lee is only too predictable
Krauss fucking toxic politics i'm joined
by my guess marcos Papadopoulos in
london he's the editor of politics first
magazine also in London we have
Alexander the colossal he is a political
commentator and a former Kremlin adviser
and in Plymouth we cross to Patrick
Henningsen he is a journalist writer and
founder of the news website 21st century
wire.com all right gentlemen crosstalk
rules in effect that means he can jump
in anytime you want and I always
appreciate Alexander let me go to you
first in London you know so much it's
happening I'd like to point out that
Yulia is actually spoken to the media
apparently she had a phone call with her
sister in Russia and she's not giving up
very much but I have to say what a
miraculous recovery from if we start
from the beginning of this story you
know and Thaksin agent ten times worse
than VX and on and on seeing how the
media has changed its story the
government has been stolen walling
there's been no transparency whatsoever
there is no cooperation cooperation with
Russia that is asked to be part of the
investigation I mean just stonewalling
here go ahead Alexander well be the
first of all what I find completely
bizarre is they're practically from day
one all of the British media all of it I
stress have been covering this story in
exactly the same way sometimes in
exactly the same words and phrases now
I'm sorry but how does that you know
free media work here who is giving the
instructions who is giving the orders
because I find it very difficult to
imagine how let's say you know 100 200
300 journalists report in exactly the
same way and basically guess most of the
things that are happening and provide no
proof at all I thought that was very
strange secondly what I found absolutely
bizarre is that we were told right from
the start that this was a supposedly a
nerve agent military-grade nerve agent
which for some reason was called Navi
choke
which was by the way Novacek was never
developed in the Soviet Union it was
something that was invented in America
but if that was a military-grade nerve
agent right by now both the scribbles
and the policemen who supposedly saved
their lives
would be long dead there is no way they
would have survived but so that point
Sonic oh yeah missed all the attention
of the media well it seems like a
miraculous recovery here let me go to
Marco's it seems to me that Boris
Johnson the Foreign Secretary he's
suffering from Porton Down syndrome okay
because what is his story
we have tweets being deleted at the
foreign ministry here he he was
categorically informed that this was a
nerve agent that came from Russia and of
course we find out that is not true why
does he still have his job Marcos well
Boris Johnson is completely and utterly
inept and whilst there are calls for him
to resign over his statements on what
happened in Salisbury of course he is
not going to resign because if he
resigned that would be an admission of
guilt on his behalf and of course the
British government's case against Russia
over Salisbury would be all the more
weakened but also Teresa may is not
going to sack him because if she did
sack him then that would initiate a very
very vicious response from the right
wing of the Conservative Party because
the right wing of the Conservative Party
is very supportive of Boris Johnson so
regrettably boy Johnson is not going
anywhere but that said even if he was to
resign even if he was to be sacked his
successor would keep to the same
narrative and if I can very quickly just
set the scene anyone who's familiar with
the history of anglo-russian relations
was not surprised by how within a few
hours of the tragic event in Salisbury
the British government and British
mainstream media were blame in the
Russian state because ever since
diplomatic relations were established
between London and Moscow in 1595 Russia
has been viewed in Whitehall in
Westminster as almost the devil
incarnate over 500 years or so the
ground has been set in Britain to make
any accusation against Russia by a
British politician or a British
mainstream journalist and they don't
need evidence to back it up you know
Patrick you know Marcus used to term the
case against Russia what is the case
here all I can see is on the
international stage is a lot of elbowing
a lot of pressure being put on when we
had with the the OPCW decision well if
you look at all the membership it as a
global membership but it was the people
that wanted to make sure that Russia
wasn't part of the process either are in
NATO or in the European Union a lot in
America and Asia they they didn't know
along with it at all
it's intensely politicized and so what
is the case because I haven't been given
any evidence yet okay but it seems like
it's already gone to trial and the same
people that brought it to trial all the
jury
go ahead Patrick yeah it's a curious
case imagine the prosecutor makes the
accusations against the defendant but
won't allow the defendant to see the
evidence and is presumed guilty straight
out of the gate it's absolutely
incredible but you know let's look at
this where did this term Nova Chuck come
from and this is really interesting and
this is something that's kind of
casually glossed over by the media there
is no there's very little evidence of
any program or anything called Nova
chalks even in back to the Soviet Union
chemical weapons research and
development days so what what it is is a
GV class which is a 2 3 2 3 0 2 2 6 0 of
agents and the reason this term Nova
chalk has been thrown out I think people
need to look at this it is to deflect
from the fact that which your first
guest pointed out Alexander the United
States is the only one to develop this
at Edgewood proving grounds the United
States Army's biological and chemical
weapons proving grounds in
Edgewood Maryland in 1998 this was
published in mist okay
so the United States for this class
which is not a nova truck Nova truck was
a term invented by a Russian defector
published it in his book in 2008 so this
this is a really important point because
it deflects from the fact that the
United States itself is the one nation
on record who has developed and worked
on this class of nerve agents that is
publicly known
you know Alexander's to date there has
been no transparency just accusations
unfortunately I have to believe that
we're not gonna ever get any evidence
whatsoever it'll always be shrouded and
well because it's this is really not
about the the attack or a parent attack
on two people one at a former double
agent and his daughter but this is about
pushing forward an agenda a very
nefarious one at that because I don't
say this is just one step in a process
okay and so this is why I don't think
we'll ever get any kind of transparency
on this case go ahead Alexander well as
you know Pisa 15 years ago another Prime
Minister stood up in the Commons and
made up allegations about chemical
weapons against Iraq and also quoted
intelligence agencies and said he can't
reveal the details and then the war
happened and a million people or more
died and so on and we still don't know
anything how it worked so I think we're
in a similar situation now with another
Prime Minister I also I think to be
honest with you Peter I think there is
no nerve agent I agree there was no
nerve agent over there until you gang up
give me evidence
I agree up go ahead and you know and you
know why I say this because here when I
I watched that Porton Down chief
executive giving his take on the
so-called knowledge shock and I felt
that the reason why he said we can trace
it is because there is none I mean what
do you mean what did he mean we can't
understand where it came from if there
are the top professionals of course they
could have told that there is nothing to
to
them to examine and and when I saw those
you know Porton Down boys dressed up in
those fancy defensive gear walking
around and around them passes by and
corpse
looking at them you know with interest I
thought this is offended fancy dress
party they're just making it look as if
there is something that it's certainly
good bidding it's certainly good for the
cameras isn't it okay Marcus let me go
to let me go to you Jeremy Corbyn is
being pillared for this as well and I
find that's a very I mean because
there's so many elements as we have NATO
we have the European Union we have brigs
it and we have the labor opposition and
they're turning this full blast against
him in a very shameful I'm a
conservative he's way to the left of me
but where the media is doing to him as
shameful go ahead Marcus whoa ever since
Jeremy Corbyn became an MP in 1983 he
has consistently cooled out British
foreign policy he's consistently called
out American foreign policy he has
consistently challenged British
mainstream media and history shows that
he has been correct he was correct about
what happened in the former Yugoslavia
he was correct about what happened in
Iraq he was correct about Libya he was
correct about Ukraine and he was correct
about Syria but what I believe is all
the more frightening about how British
mainstream media is treating him is the
level of abuse yes because yes they have
tackled him over the last you know 30 or
years but the personal abuse against him
is absolutely horrific being called a
traitor being called a Putin apologist
this is not something which should be
tolerated in Britain because after all
Britain is supposed to be a democracy
there is supposed to be rule of law
there is supposed to be respect in
British politics but when it comes to
Jeremy Corbyn none of that is there and
we have to ask why is that the case it's
very very simple Peter
because jeremy corbyn terrifies the
British establishment he is a terrifying
addition he's a judge memorize British
mainstream rager
they don't want him to be Prime Minister
he's a genuine threat to them and also
he's a genuine politician he's a genuine
human being and regret many Lemmy will
like him I agree and their politics it's
gonna jump in here gentlemen we're gonna
go to a short break and after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
toxic politics stay with our team
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
to remind you were discussing toxic
politics
let's go back to Plymouth Patrick could
kind of give us the lay of the land when
it comes to international politics oh
I'm thinking about the EU a brexit and
NATO here because I think these are very
important pieces that they're trying to
bring into this story here basically
trying to keep some semblance of unity
when there it is flagging everyone knows
that go ahead Patrick yeah the dogs were
Unleashed yesterday in the British press
on Theresa May and Boris Johnson so they
in a way they've kind of sprung their
own trap
in this sense so it's possible that if
the establishment wanted to bury the
embarrassment of the Nova Chuck hoax or
the Nova cock story that may and Boris
could very well be eventually buried
with that or attached to that but then
on the other hand the breaking ranks in
Germany Angela Merkel's one of her close
deputies has come out and basically
criticized Britain for invoking this
kind of solidarity of faith between the
EU or NATO member states to sort of
accept some sort of presumption of guilt
on the basis of no evidence at all so
Willie Zimmer a former vice president of
the Oh
the Oh CED he put this very well he said
this threatens to undermine these very
multilateral institutions in other words
if you cry wolf that this time some
might be able to actually do it again
they're already on thin ice as you
mentioned earlier with regards to to
Libya and so forth so this is really
risky in terms of evoking this kind of
stand with your allies mantra this is
kind of the overriding theme so far
we've seen with the United States doing
as well coming in right behind Britain
on this as well as its NATO partners so
that's that's how it looks
geopolitically you know Alexandra I
found it really quite extraordinary
looking at the US State Department
spokeswoman just taking a torus Amaze
word I mean you don't do that in
international politics you don't do it
when the stakes are so high like this it
is just
the lack of professionalism and it adds
to the perception that this is some kind
of agenda that's being played out here
and it also and if we could get it go
back to the UK here I mean with with
Briggs it in chaos here it looks like
the may government is trying to find
unity you know accusing Russia changing
the narrative here and trying to rebuild
her strength and the poles which are
flagging go ahead Alexander well what I
find completely puzzling is that this
anti-russian stands by the May
government is not popular amongst the
British public I can see that by the
comments on social media I meet a lot of
people who recognise me on the streets
because they see me on television and
they tell me they don't believe me and
co government and this is what I find
completely puzzling as regards this sort
of public relations exercise but my
opinion Pizza is that I think they are
trying to bury brexit I think that what
they are doing is they are trying to
create this so-called threat exampling
coming from russia they say the war has
been brought to our territory by Russia
annexed a war has been taking place I
think what they're gonna do they're
gonna basically cancel brexit and say in
the light of such dangerous situation
we'd better stick with our allies and we
better well if not cancel brexit but
extend the transition period which is a
devastating transition period because it
was negotiated in a way that I find it's
completely incompetent from the position
of the British government and don't
forget pizza there are many many other
serious problems and scandals in the
background including the pedophile
scandals the corruption scandals with
huge corporations on government
contracts suddenly going bankrupt and
many many others so I think it suits the
resumés government to have some sort of
a huge huge distraction and this is used
as a distraction and what they are
missing the ministers in regard
is that they are not getting popular
with the British public that's the most
amazing thing Marcus what is amazing
also is that blaming Russia I don't care
where you are in the rest of Western
world
oh they Russia uh meddled in the
election in the US and gave us Trump
here Russia metal didn't breaks it
that's why it happened here we go down
the list of so many different things it
is the most convenient distraction you
can come up with because the media is
completely in on it but the elites
really like it because the people are
right in the Western world demand change
and they're not being given it they're
being told national security Trump's
their democratic rights and expressions
go ahead Marcos in London well Peter
whilst are not downplaying the
significance of what's happened in
Salisbury because it is very serious
however it is part and parcel of
historically speaking a very troublesome
a very problematic relationship between
Britain and Russia as I said at the
beginning of this program for 500 years
Britain and Russia have viewed each
other with mutual suspicion mutual
hostility mutual bitterness this is part
of what Salisbury is part and parcel of
this relationship but if I can very
quickly just take us back to Salisbury
you know the conclusion of British
scientists that they cannot determine
the source of the alleged nerve agent is
absolutely devastating to the British
case yet against Russia but that's it
within 24 hours the same scientists said
that they have now discovered the source
well what a remarkable turn of events
you know I'm I'm really sure that no
pressure was put on them you know in the
words of Tommy Cooper in the words of
Tommy Cooper it happens just like that
just like that that's right exactly
Patrick what what what is the the the
purpose of all of this I mean do they
expect Russia to say admit guilt to say
sorry I mean and then we have to resume
saying there will be a
a proportional response what does that
mean are they good a poison someone in
Moscow I mean I what it is is it's so
much bluster here I don't see it it's a
very focused thing I mean what is the
outcome that they want because if the
Russians are not allowed to be part of
the process in international
organization not just bilaterally but in
international organizations you know
what is the point of having these
organizations and investigations if all
of the players under international law
cannot participate go ahead yeah and
there's a lot there's a lot going on
here obviously on many different levels
but I think I'll pick up on your last
point you just looked at the emergency
meeting with the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons and a
roll call vote was taken and it was 20
well there were 17 I believe abstentions
right so in total 23 countries either
voted against the UK in the u.s.
position and and unsighted with with
effectively with Russia so it's not the
world it's NATO very exactly and I think
there was a lot there's a lot of
pressure put to bear on some of those
countries behind the scenes you have the
UN ambassador nikki Haley threatening to
be taking names
if the vote doesn't go there wave we've
seen a record of this undermining
multilateral institutions undermining
international relations and the last
thing I'll say is that the propaganda
has been so thick in the United States
and Britain then we have a situation now
Alexander your guest pointed out very
correctly that the majority the British
public probably don't buy this official
conspiracy theory but we have a
situation where the ruling class are
actually a victim of their own
propaganda over decades that many of
them in in Westminster actually believe
this I'll probably ask Marcus you know
what does he think
how many MPs actually believe in the
conspiracy theory or are being held in a
whip line that would be my question I
throw to Marcus it's a great question
Marcus what do you think I would say
that privately there are a significant
percentage of MPs whilst not necessarily
so
that Russia didn't do it but at the same
time they are questioning the British
government's argument and the same MPs
from a number of parties are fearful of
taking a stand now that is regrettable
we elect MPs to take a stand but they
are fearful because of the backlash that
they will receive from British
mainstream media the language which is
being used by British newspapers to
describe anyone who's questioning the
British case against Moscow is
absolutely disgusting you know we're
hearing talk about traitors we're here
and talk about useful idiots so yes that
there is truth there are a number of MPs
who privately think very differently but
regrettably they're not going to say
that publicly unfortunately one part of
the genetic code of professional
politicians is cowardice Oh Alexander
let me go to you a lot of people have
said since this whole thing started this
is a gambit to derail Russia's a World
Cup that's coming up in a few months I
try to get some kind of well the
international community will blow acad
ting what the Western countries okay
NATO and in American allies do you think
that's part of this here that's one of
the reasons why it's being pushed so
hard without evidence without the due
process of law
go ahead Alexander well obviously it's
part of the game
I don't think it's the main part of the
game though obviously if there was an
election in Russia before and so on but
what I find absolutely ridiculous is
that they are saying that Russia
actually had a motive and they used this
word over and over again it's a motive
motive what is - no they are saying the
more well the motive is allegedly to
strengthen the support or Putin's
support in Russia and I was respond and
I was responding to them and saying do
you actually believe that the Russian
people are so bloodthirsty that they
would need to they would unite behind
the leadership if they see somebody
getting poisoned of all places and bred
and this this sounds so bizarre and it's
being repeated by journalists and by
politicians and by other people now I
think personally what the biggest lesson
we have from what is going on now in
Britain is that the media here the press
is out of control there needs to be a
reform of the media here because what is
happening we have a tiny group of people
controlling the whole of the British
media and nobody can do anything about
it and basically from the dead from day
one the media already created the agenda
and in a sense I even felt that the
media boxed in some of the politicians
exactly the politicians were afraid to
say anything that would contradict the
narrative it's Russia
it's our enemy Russia wants to destroy
us okay well this proves to my guess
here
that lies and propaganda actually do
sell well all right that's a many many
thanks to my guests in London and in
Plymouth and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
