where the security you read the
statement you say bully kutta with the
seven Ã³buda it is Mara Mara 28 7 7
Telugu film
the meeting is adjourned
is 280 genders adopted consideration two
of the agenda dari la palabra to make
statements to la palabra representative
of the Russian Federation
Thank You mr. president
open for Prime Minister of Great Britain
to resume when your particular see a
letter would we know to true blue veins
horrific use of chemical weapons on the
territory of the United not every finger
at Soviet who did also promised us at
the time to brief the Security Council
on the course of Investigation regularly
however we didn't have any such briefing
just like that no problem as it may we
will brief you in detail you talk so you
wouldn't process a mission so it's been
a month
Britain sent good ask you solve it in
the British City missus not to say any
gross
dear pal and his daughter Julie were
found unconscious Romanian a humid squad
resistant to Camilla mist if this did
indeed go Veniero's posto is a threat to
no stopping that deserves to be
considered by the security Cornerstone
I'm useless cause Ashley since you have
quite a bit to say and we do have some
questions to ask our british carl cox
Tomasz line up with so we'll know about
the crime and its victims so you spying
for amnesty
jhunku strand lived so come on Eric
while maintaining his Russian citizen of
Russia visited him read by the MICU past
you amuse me in Russia you show your
given honest reason and decided to
eliminate him proposed to Nica cuckoo
Rose will give us your sodium this
individual represented so a number of
questions basically asked first of all
yes regarded Tunisian if we speak very
cynically collections in Russia and just
a few weeks before the world culture
view option of Jerusalem why was even
released from the country the chimp was
try at you what like him eliminate
strange dangerous for people around him
and such a highly public method symptoms
did you kill me everyone who knows the
premier I should sit seriously
Midsomer Murders which series the
problem approach we all know three
hundreds of very clever ways of killing
someone Nucky's and
daughter supposedly bream leaking toxic
chemical substance so the most risky and
dangerous becomes the same time they
didn't really finish the job off through
the purse image individuals seem to be
alive in you layer thank God seems to be
improving rapidly but the mood immunity
muscles in this very complex case there
are lots of lots of and the further we
go the British and that it is highly
likely that this substance that comes
from Russia yes but in the house of the
script pile or on the door on the
doorknob of his house I even look at the
balloons just be the version that the
investigation seems to because you have
remained in normal state a few hours
father son pointed to even married
assertion of the first individuals we
hope that else owes me immediately with
lost his consciousness how can you have
ships yes Mugabe rusical how well how
were they able to survive after all this
she gives tonight possibly still name so
that's an experimental music media video
Nike dude they an antidote was
immediately introduced into them
immediately but was the other point you
have to do that you expecting to the
unanimous view of X but it's immune
attack over the samples was an exact
same substance not a similar substance
had to be present somewhere nearby when
your spooky killer neither about several
kilometers from the scene at a crime
British
which is well known for its development
of chemical weapons you're new there are
a lot of questions that we have about
the activity of this and what kinds
others however this is what's
interesting god it can hear very well
written down stated that his laboratory
has determined we would see a toxic
nerve substance come on you smoke
Flaminius was monitored greenio firm its
origin that was that was a quote
monotone scoffs grip on your word you
know antidotes were used with apologies
British consumer featured he assumed
that the British people need to make
have additional information another
those niggas put you mean we have to pay
tribute to not put in danger his
professional reputation to service the
guesswork or the diversions put forward
by the British yummy you nothing of the
kind no substance of the kind could have
left the premises of his Robert the
question is what was this gospel new
mogul per cumec you leave the premises
of the libraries and does the about this
argument now evidence about the highly
likely version of the involvement of
Russia was written as parameters confuse
with that statement
you should watch as I got even more
questions into this case though that is
before us assurance commissioner we want
to state or be a or b maybe choco
communities of e-books is not a Russian
scanner
in spite of the obviously Russian name
that was invented in the West for of
toppin units of conveniences which which
is know nothing new for experts would
you snore developed including in the
United States and in Great Britain a
board is rung from the direct question
of Great Britain does have samples of
that substance important down Foreign
Ministry of Foreign Affairs the tweet
about the Russian origin of the
substance was deleted the tools come
back already led to some scandals and
some serious talk behind British Foreign
Service immediately British British
surgeon he was already a few days after
the chemical attack in Salzburg to those
knives
it is slated no the cabinet officials
morning Jim ahsoka stupid narrating
chemicals was produced in Russia with a
very high degree of location the nerve
agent was produced you got it and very
warm began but be very attentive to what
I'm about to say don't sources of
British yeah absolutely
cannot openly about the location of the
laboratory however their their knowledge
of we're located there there there
there's certainty of where it's located
is very high Russian sighs - Moo's -
determine whether Navi joke Ryu music
schema q4 politically motivated murders
vaccinations if there's even more
revealed stories have highly secret
information tested Benjamin of you choke
on everyday targets fuck you can be like
a door handle for example everyday
objects ladies and gentlemen I don't
even know what to say it's it's some
sort of theater of the absurd washed on
your mouth was freakin palpable you
couldn't you come up with a with a with
a better fake story watching Sandoval it
comes close we've come in four months I
mean I'm a pretty blue we all know the
they have with what the the worth of
British intelligence information is
based on the experience with Tony Blair
well go ahead even have somebody else
can come so low that you're playing with
fire and you'll be sorry with modulated
accusations I'm on the music you two
start speaking using professional term
is not which means not simply who else
will speak loudest in diplomacy
yes Nathan our boss know it requires
clear answers to two very musical
government for their hasty and
unequivocal statements and conclusions
of course boomerang and timely
anti-russian canard
they will be held responsible for their
relations with other countries to follow
this example that even reach New York
members of the UN any proof provided for
in the agreement they clearly they
clearly didn't comply with all the
provisions of the headquarters agreement
of the United Nations start Isuzu Leonie
Bergen you by the way yes why not the
first thing that the United States has
not lived up to their obligations must
use another point unit in Russia's
diplomatic school soaps now also future
also the United States
the united states here in the zone turn
everything that they illegitimately took
from us he was doing similar steps in
the future explosion mr. Prentice we
didn't even sub with you we are
witnessing truly remarkable events but
I'm always slow system your problem VIN
you know stories because this an
interesting this is when you approach in
in law I already mentioned this where
you have accusations based on simply
here without any proof I just mentioned
this I thought March simply on the basis
of special suspicions when you mean you
do however no less surprising is
something but that's what everybody but
when he returns interviews and
statements of British media reporters
I'm simply stunned for temporal moles or
tempera or Morris patio started over
what happened to good old England
supervision is efficient is more a
deterioration of political culture
maybe you snore but if you were a good
tool or is this exactly the news not
ethical culture we don't have an answer
a solution so perhaps will allow those
present here to draw their own
conclusions but it does give a snippet
types of issues that already free
notions are trying to almost make fun of
Russia by providing some 30 versions of
ladies Happy New Year see question no
amnesiac spirit the versions of the
Russian author provided by the rational
Authority these these are opinions by
experts and journalists the VFC moguls
do you mean you talk to versions because
there's there's not enough facts
Russell he wants to get to the bottom of
this dark story so told but it done
schema Steve you've seen your movie but
the British authorities in fact don't
have a lot of excuse you all know rather
they have just one version I don't mind
you but the exhibit and which they have
put forward as a verdict but happily
determine they can't they can't come
they can't come to grips they can't
determine what the source of the toxic
substance is domes creep honor which
could be any house of greed or knob is
buckwheat grain or Laurel not a pretty
much to Great Britain and thinking also
have come up with a whole range of
different version muscle emotion there
are too many questions to which they
don't have answers what to connect
through yet here are just a few of the
questions the yeah Buddhist creep on
each whereas us we were halls for four
hours with with their telephone switched
off Bharani Prabhu how were the samples
taken opportunity to study who can
confirm their reliability which and when
you specialist Ignacio knows abhorrent
why weren't relatives asked for their
approval for to take blood samples
cool about Gustav's Nelson you booked
out Jewish just against an unknown
chemical substance appear solo agree
human and was it injected into the
script jams on your monsters could be
fun what was this group awesome well who
was he communicating with who'd I use do
where we're up show where did he go was
he traveling
who was he talking to through shadows
can you scare me with anyone on the day
of the event
that means family
where are where are the the where's
where the the data from the video
surveillance how do they correspond are
they gel with the statements by the
Scotland Yard that they against whom on
the territory of Great Britain possibly
a terrorist act was carried out the task
you must you leave Kurdish militia their
insinuations without evidence at all my
friends this story in this initiation is
far from being over
no pursuit you should you choose in fact
it hasn't even begun just provide us
access issues the British and experts to
examine it in the framework of a joint
investigation
the chemos introduced of paragraph 2 of
article 9 of the Convention on chemical
weapons
bases of exchange that could cause any
doubts regarding the compliance basing
on the provisions of the that article
Russia is ready to would be ready to
respond to a request by Great Britain
within 10 days mr. Schue instead of all
this absolute London someone put forward
a completely absurd 24-hour ultimatum we
walk upstairs no one answer what
I can talk in this way what is this
salsa made them which was transmitted
Boris Johnson orally to the Russian
ambassador in London the Foreign
Secretary made for you actually made
clear that there are only two possible
scenarios either the Russian state has
attempted murder on the British soil
using a chemical weapon or Russia lost
control with stockpile of nerve agents
the Foreign Secretary asked the Russian
ambassador to explain which of the two
possibilities was true em to account for
how this Russian produced nerve agent
put him being deployed in Salisbury
demotic utility sir 24 hours we were
given what if CR massive approach to the
logarithms case the range of questions
do give em that the British side they
put to us there were no other questions
it's easy when you stood upon today and
based on the additional information and
analysis of the results of the British
investigation of saw incident in
Salisbury acting in the which we believe
is the only correct way her power
including obligations towards us as
fully fledged members we have really
reminded meeting of the Executive
Council of the OPCW that was proposed a
draft decision on a joint investigation
oblique view was blocked by the Kingdom
and its allies joining immutable sleep
immediately considered as evening
in fact exceeded the number of those
that voted against unless you insist on
your service my investigation if they've
already beginning the investigation over
well other widgets still hasn't received
any switch to the new burrow and
everything in vacuums because as I said
never received any list of questions
yeah brochures I turn to the British
daily used to keep your house in
journalistic questions please tell us
please can you be like you don't
consider accusations in the form of an
ultimatum and demand to to acknowledge
and to own up to being guilty as a list
of questions on the other hand to the
convention immediately rushed to assist
the British side in confirming the
results of the British so-called
Express investigation they provided
detailed information to France about its
investigation formation maybe Paris
could share that information with us we
see what was posted on YouTube
note that you could that you could take
a look at the official representation
that contains some very interesting
information which I think it will be
very interesting for you to know if it
was continuous beauty what the point is
and we will provide this statement with
the translation to you as well mr.
president justification of the
accusations put forward against Russia
is this is absurd we can't it's
impossible to even smile when reading
this what is Johnson post Randy Johnson
who constantly claims that he's a
Rousseau file whiskers will absolutely
say I'm certain this is the nicest word
that I can promise that the incident was
needed was necessary for Moscow to bring
people together just before the
elections more comparison Russia or
World Cup win in 1936 which which I like
this a very large delegation from Great
Britain including
with dignitaries present there Johnson
Avila of just a crime and punishment
where the treats when there is whether
the criminal will will confess by
himself or whether he'll be caught but
I'm on with the novel's not really about
you co cachoo it's not a crime novel as
the British Minister but rather a deep
philosophical work of literature British
the British the British proverb from the
novel about a hundred rabbits they won't
that will net
become a horse read some other novels by
their names of those demonstrators call
exists six paints including these comic
of evidence and in some we can imagine
that this slam-dunk document was
provided by a missus made to her
European Union colleagues many of whom
Giannini of whom
unfortunately not all replicas just this
as as evidence against her a reliable
look at this it's a it's it's an
absolute travesty
my name is Nicola mix about these six
pages I mean it's it's another what sort
of lack of respect when you have four
four people who and those who you you
are supposedly trying to convince don't
they understand that they're simply the
targets of this kind of manipulation and
their that simply distracting from other
you can listen to his interview if you
want to know exactly what are you saying
these are excellent examples of the
propaganda war that is being waged
without without without respect for
rules that kind of propaganda war that
waged against Russia and by the way
since I mentioned dead cats
door mr. Hughes
which supposedly was Torian there were
two cats and two guinea pigs during
usage shows where are they now what
happened to these animals you want you
chew and why does why mention them I
mean their condition is also an
important piece of evidence because why
didn't mr. president collective loss of
intellectual clarity what good
substances are used to manipulate the
public I don't know and that is the
media is the terrible weapon of our time
human media is very successful in any
kind of - until people start to believe
it lies that are repeated a thousand
times become the truth we budem Liberato
man answers from you to the questions we
will then consider this is evidence of
slander which you have against us we
will seek to obtain a fully-fledged
cooperation from you regardless person
you refuse we will consider this and as
an attempt to conceal the truth
everything
who confirms US firms to do Newland was
clear from the very very well prepared
in advance prepared in advance it's not
by cheese doughnuts in Punjab the main
goal is clear describe any legitimize
Russia Avenue to use your last uses the
use of a horrible inhumane sorry person
Allah in in concealing Arsenal's of this
physical school of being in breach of
the conventional Syria but anywhere else
the idea is to put in question the same
time to discredit our position on this
so basically the idea is to kill two
birds with one stone bronze Bhutan skew
lines to each British authorities
including from dare to Salisbury rush
its Russia's responsibilities one high
degree of high degree of probability
also with a highly of the intelligence
services of certain countries are behind
this we want respond it has no
connection poisoning of script pause is
in more than love anyone interesting the
truth we will work hard towards
establishing the truth if the cassette
will continue to use suspicions and
claim that these are evidence if it will
continue our assumption which is quite
likely more than life sure we don't this
very
questionable case has been is a fÃ bregas
or rather they're the worst form of
public you to solution the solution he
who hears who he who has ears to hear
let him hear
you mean you some through are strictly
complying with the mechanisms they're
very clear questions from the British
criminal investigation but every young
man per consular access to Yulia scrip
all this is summing up watch the portion
this is what the situation is here is
just one I've seen the origin of the
substance in Russia is not committed by
authority for that we stated that we had
nothing to do with it
not not really weird we seem to be
people are demanding that we that we
acknowledge our guilt sometimes even
accompanied on America's Great Britain
we need to cooperate with food that the
victim cannot cooperate with the
criminal movies we need to I'm really
not sure it was much in your mouth but
it's your your appointment of a criminal
who Harris with that evidence without a
trial or investigation are null and void
I want me to do a video Britannia bowls
a crime was committed
Morgana's generic skills possibly a
terrorist act motive mush against our
citizens take across a new lens ray
happened to be the victims budget movie
this level we are entitled to demand
cooperation Britannia and Brady is
required to offer us yesterday w Mouse
but is the wider Nick three several
allies of Great Britain called on us to
cooperate with the British probably they
weren't there was every time to brief
them in advance money for the couple on
what Security Council for that for the
meeting it's very simple Peppa loves
missus
you're so using litmus test of whether
Great Britain and its allies are true to
their word justly whereas even a few
litmus tests usually went as evil in you
first on us just as Lonnegan if you bury
this litmus yes if you turn if you kind
of substance washing its meaning once
again be further confirmation of your of
your dirty games thank you very much
gracias no need of the United Kingdom
thank you very much mr. president
we didn't seek this meeting but we take
requests from the council to meet very
seriously
and I'm pleased to be able to update the
council on some developments but I'm
also pleased to be able to provide the
intellectual clarity that our Russian
colleague has called for and I will
stick in my statement to the facts
following the poisoning on 4th of March
in Salisbury of Sergey and Yulia scree
pal the UK has launched one of the most
comprehensive and complex investigations
into the use of a chemical weapon ever
it involves more than 250 police
detectives they are supported by a range
of specialist experts and partners they
are trawling through more than 5,000
hours of CCTV they are examining more
than 1300 seized exhibits
and they are interviewing more than 500
witnesses mr. president in the UK the
police of independent of government but
if there are more details we can share
with the council as the investigation
proceeds we shall be very happy to do so
we all know why that investigation is
underway
it's because the military-grade nerve
agent was used in an attempt to kill
civilians on British soil it was carried
out recklessly and it was carried out
without regard for public safety it was
a weapon of mass destruction a British
police officer was in a critical
condition alongside
the scruples and ordinary members of the
public going about their daily business
were put at risk mr. president I am glad
not only to be able to inform the
council that Yulia scree pal is able to
communicate and is getting better
I can also clarify what the Russian
ambassador said about consular access we
have received a request from the Russian
consulate we have conveyed it to Yulia
scree pal and we await her response this
is an obligation under international law
that the British government takes very
seriously but there is also the question
of mr. Cooper's own wishes that need to
be taken into account
mr. president the Russian ambassador had
several points to make about the UK
demands of Russia as he outlined on 12th
of March we asked the Russian government
a very clear question Russia refused to
respond and said it considered the
request null and void
it was indeed true mr. president that we
asked for a response within 24 hours to
the question of how did a Russian
developed military-grade nerve agent
come to be used on the streets of
Salisbury and did that mean that Russia
had lost control of its CW stocks we
said that Russia should declare its
nabhi chakra Graham to the OPCW we gave
24 hours mr. president because this is a
weapon of mass destruction this is no
ordinary poisoning and no ordinary
attack and in our view the circumstances
justified that tight deadline but
notwithstanding that the Russians said
to us the request
was now on void they did not say please
give us more time they did not come to
us and say we would like to look into
this with you they rejected the very
premise of the request we have said as
the Russian ambassador quoted that it is
highly likely Russia carried out this
assassination the British government
came to that conclusion because the
positive identification by experts at
Porton Down of the specific chemical
used is a type of Novacek nerve agent
port and down mr. president is an
accredited laboratory under and it
conforms to the Chemical Weapons
Convention it is allowed to conduct
protective research the second reason
that helped us come to our conclusion
was the knowledge that Russia has
produced this nerve agent within the ten
years and remains capable of doing so
and as the Prime Minister made clear in
the British Parliament we know that the
Russian state has investigated ways of
assassination through the use of nurse
agents the third reason is Russia's
record of conducting state-sponsored
assassinations and I don't want to
detain the council mr. president by
going through a long list that I can
provide examples if anyone would like to
hear them and we also made our own
assessment that rush of views defectors
as suitable targets for assassination
and indeed there are public statements
from Russian leaders to that effect
I'd like if I may mr. president just to
say something about the use of the
phrase highly likely we use this phrase
because under the British system only a
court can finally determine culpability
so the use of the phrase highly likely
is a reflection of our judicial process
and should not be construed as casting
doubt whatsoever on the likelihood of
Russia being responsible
I would also like to take this
opportunity to address the Russian
ambassador's comment about Porton Down
contradicting the Foreign Secretary
Boris Johnson there was no contradiction
the Foreign Secretary was making clear
that portioned down were sure the nerve
agent was an Abba jock a point that they
have subsequently reinforced he goes on
in the same interview to make clear why
based on that information additional
intelligence and as I said the lack of
alternative explanation from the
Russians we have reached the conclusion
we have what the Foreign Secretary said
then what Porton Down had said recently
is fully consistent with what we have
said throughout in contrast
mr. president we have had innumerable
theories from the Russians I think we
have counted some 24 in all on the 21st
of March for example for example the
Russian Foreign Ministry said they
believe terrorists did it on the 14th of
March mr. Lavrov said the British
response was aimed at distracting from
exit
mr. president the use of chemical
weapons on any country's territory is
far too serious for these theories to
hold water Chemical Weapons Convention
which came into force 21 years ago is
clear in article 7 that states should
adopt legislation criminalizing activity
prohibited under the convention that's
why the UK is conducting a full
investigation of the incident including
under our own chemical weapons act
because of this we have in addition to
the UK criminal investigation invited
the OPCW the relevant international body
to assist in verifying our analysis and
this is on the basis of article 8 of the
convention of the Chemical Weapons
Convention this mandates the Technical
Secretariat to provide technical
assistance and technical evaluation to
States Parties everything we have done
mr. president
been consistent with the convention the
convention on chemical weapons and if I
may say so mr. president I won't take
any lectures on morality or on our
responsibilities under such
international conventions from a country
that as this council debated yesterday
has done so much to block the proper
investigation of the use of chemical
weapons in Syria the uk's track record
on that mr. president speaks for itself
on 21 March OPCW deployed a team to the
UK to visit the locations where the
victims were exposed to a toxic chemical
the DG briefed the OPCW Executive
Committee yesterday on their actions
OPCW expert staff collected
environmental samples from the scene and
biomechanical samples from the victims
OPCW has verified the chain of custody
these samples have been sent to several
designated laboratories for testing
analysis from these laboratories will
now be returned to the OPCW and they
will produce a report contrary to the
Russian claims mr. president the United
Kingdom looks forward to sharing its
findings once we have received that
report yesterday Russia tabled a
resolution at the Executive Committee
proposing a joint investigation mr.
president there are several ways to view
this joint investigation I think the
metaphor that I find most apt is that of
an arsonist turned firefighter but in
this particular instance the arsonist
wishes to investigate his own fire
having failed to get a joint
investigation
the resolution received only six out of
41 votes in favor and without waiting
for the outcome of OPCW testing Russia
has reverted to a familiar path of
underlining the international
institution
involved there is no other construction
we can place on mr. Lothrop's remarks
today that Russia will accept results of
the OPCW souls be poisoning
investigation only if Russian experts
participate in it I am sorry mr.
president but that does not make it an
independent investigation if Russia
insists on having its own experts it
seeks to move away from the chemical
weapons conventions stipulation and it
is setting a test that no independent
investigation could credibly tolerate
this is part of a wider pattern sadly of
irresponsible Russian behavior Russian
Russia discredited the joint
investigation mechanism into use of
chemical weapons in Syria members of the
Council will be familiar with a pattern
of regression over the years in Georgia
and Crimea there has been the shooting
down of mh17 and there has been a
bungled attempt at a coup in Montenegro
and each time mr. president these acts
are accompanied by distortion and
disinformation the same sort of
distortion and disinformation we saw
yesterday in The Hague in the Russian
press conferences and in the Security
Council today mr. president whilst we
ourselves would not have called this
meeting today we hope to be able to
brief the council further once we see
receive the report from OPCW we do
believe that it is right that the
Security Council remain seized of this
flagrant use of chemical weapons and it
is that use which veterans international
peace and security the threats to the
Chemical Weapons Convention her attacks
in Syria in Malaysia and now the United
Kingdom pose a very serious challenge to
the non-proliferation regime that this
council and others have carefully
constructed in response to the terrible
events of the past there is one country
among us mr. president
Russia which is playing fast and loose
with our collective security and the
international institutions that protect
us it is that reason mr. president that
leads people to accuse Russia and to
take steps against their it is not out
of lack of friendship for the Russian
people or lack of respect for Russia as
a country my own foreign secretary
visited in the hope of establishing a
more productive relationship with
foreign minister Lavrov but we cannot
ignore what has happened in Salisbury we
cannot ignore Russia turning a blind eye
to the use of chemical weapons in Syria
and in Salisbury and we cannot ignore
the way that Russia seeks to undermine
the international institutions which
have kept us safe since the end of the
Second World War
mr. president we believe that the UK's
actions stand up to any scrutiny we have
acted in accordance with the CWC
throughout and through the body charged
for these purposes the OPCW we are happy
to come to the council at any time we
would be very willing to hold an open
briefing at our mission here in New York
if there are members of the UN who still
have questions we have nothing to hide
mr. president but I do fear that Russia
might have something to fear thank you
very much of the United States Thank You
mr. president yesterday this council met
on the tragic anniversary of the sarin
attack in consequence area ambassador
Haley used us use urged us to use the
meeting as the start of a renewed
partnership and a renewed commitment to
address chemical weapons that is because
as she said no one wants to live in a
world where chemical weapons are used we
were reminded of the human toll of the
devastation caused by chemical attacks
and of the fact that we came together
over many decades to build an
international consensus
these despicable weapons of war sadly
today's meeting isn't about any of that
instead it's yet another attempt by
Russia to use this Security Council for
political games it's an attempt to cast
doubt on the attack in Salisbury using
phrases like collective psychosis and
propaganda war and likening the media to
a psychotropic substance that's used to
manipulate the public likening the
response of any country that challenges
Russia's narrative to Nazi propagandist
Joseph Goebbels this is not a tactic
that is appropriate for this body let's
remember the facts about what happened
we are discussing the egregious use of a
military-grade nerve agent against two
civilians in the United Kingdom an
attack that exposed hundreds of people
innocent bystanders and first responders
to the effects of this agent the fact
that a permanent member of this Security
Council was involved is especially
appalling as the United States has made
clear before our support for the United
Kingdom is unwavering and we continue to
stand an absolute solidarity with our
British colleagues we have stated
previously and do so again today our
firm belief that Russia is responsible
for this chemical weapons attack on UK
soil either Russia deliberately used
this military grade weapon or failed to
declare and secure its stocks of this
nerve agent we strongly support the
opcw's independent analysis that is
underway as well as the UK's criminal
investigation into the use of chemical
weapons on its sovereign territory and
believed those responsible for the
attack must be held accountable the
international community has rightly come
together to express its outrage and take
action the United States the United
Kingdom NATO and 27 other countries have
expelled all together over a hundred and
fifty Russian intelligence officers this
is a testament to the grave concern that
we and our partners share for Russia's
attempt to undermine international peace
and security
meanwhile Russia puts forward a series
of conspiracy theories in an attempt to
shift blame with wild claims that the UK
or the United States might be
responsible this disinformation and
projection
from our Russian colleagues is
preposterous Member States should not be
fooled or led astray by these absurd
efforts to dissemble from the facts
Russia is known to have developed
military-grade nerve agents of the type
used in the Salisbury attack Russia has
a well-documented record of conducting
state-sponsored assassinations including
previously in the United Kingdom
high-ranking Russia love Russian
officials have themselves made clear in
public statements that defectors and
so-called traitors are legitimate
targets for assassination
yesterday Russia tried to get the OPCW
to adopted decision that would have
undermined its ongoing independent
investigation into the Salisbury attack
and that would have helped Russia to
disguise its culpability the members of
the OPCW Executive Council
overwhelmingly rejected Russia's
proposal now Russia wants to try again
at the Security Council but the truth of
Russia's involvement in the Salisbury
attack remains and the international
community should remain united behind
this truth
once again as ambassador Hayley said if
we do not change course now on chemical
weapons we will be fast approaching a
new and far more dangerous reality for
all of us we must hold those who have
used chemical weapons accountable and
rebuild the global consensus that these
weapons must never be used under any
circumstances as the Security Council
that is the goal we should be working to
achieve rather than using this chamber
to undermine the truth thank you Thank
You mr. president mr. president our
position on the use of chemical weapons
is well known and we had an opportunity
to reiterate that position yesterday one
year of the after the country call
chemical attack in Syria it's absolutely
important to underline again and again
that the use of chemicals as weapons is
unacceptable and
a serious violation under international
law however 20 years after the entry
into force of the Chemical Weapons
Convention we are seeing that this
international regime is increasingly
being undermined we believe it is in the
best interest of us all to do everything
possible to maintain the use of chemical
weapons as a taboo and preserve the
integrity of the regime for the sake of
global peace and stability with a
president with regard to the scraper
case we have been following the
developments closely we reiterate our
sympathy and solidarity with the victims
as well as with the people and
government of the UK the rationale for
this is self-evident the crime was
committed on British soil as we have
said last time we hope the necessary
independent investigation will be
conducted and also waited including by
undertaking consultation and exchange of
information all the bases of the
relevant provisions of the Chemical
Weapons Convention with a view to
bringing those responsible to justice in
this case as well
accountability is critical we understand
the case has now been brought to the
OPCW which is the appropriate
international body to deal with the
issue there are indeed a number of
issues that need to be clarified
surrounding the Salsbury incident and we
note that upon the request of the UK
government a technical mission or the
OPCW was deployed recently and took
samples from the individuals that were
exposed
two toxic chemical we note the updates
by the director-general of the OPCW
yesterday at the special session of the
Executive Council at The Hague we hope
the report of the Office W will
eventually clarify those issues in the
meantime it's necessary that all the
relevant parties cooperate with the OPCW
and make every possible effort to
resolve the issue in the spirit of the
chemical weapon conventions which
clearly outlines what needs to happen in
such cases the lack of trust and the
further deterioration of relations among
major powers on this issue will not help
but further undermine the rules-based
international order it's very clear that
will can only be able to address some of
these difficult issues if there is a
necessary cooperation among us all and
if we abide by the rules that we have
set for ourselves and pushed for the
adoption of a draft decision
it's findings today
distraction is used in targeting by the
use of chemical gases to the United
Kingdom the investigation under way must
be allowed to run its course in full
independence without any medal
there is no responsibility is constantly
to the entire understand together has
been broken and build upon the absolute
prohibition on the wood Marquis terrible
the international that is why we buy
when they are used
trivialization of chemical from the door
for inspector of chemical terrorism
which we all fear so rightly never allow
those who use
in particular at stake we need the
playback very hard to the priorities of
this there security can look on say if
there is one security can
there is games it is on this thank you
very much China has been and is
acceptable part or actor using chemical
and something you thought to be brought
to justice
China infinite with their visions and
within the framework believes that what
is that right now is to find out the
truth as soon as possible carry out a
comprehensive impartial under your hand
objective investigation based on the
litmus test of facts and history and
equal
and this issue through dialogue
cooperation mr. president mr. president
having heard the delegations of the
United Kingdom and the Russian
Federation but we'd also like to share
observation on this issue Palestine has
a well deserved here international
reputation of any local opponent of all
types of weapons of mass destruction
including chemical weapons and poisonous
substances we category categorically
condemn any use of weapons of mass
destruction as immoral inhuman and
contrary to the principles of humanity
we express our deep concern about the
tragic incident involving the possible
use of weapons made chemical agent on
the territory of the United Kingdom we
expect the publication of all concrete
facts and evidence confirming the use of
any type of weapon grade chemical agents
as well as the involvement of
individuals non-state actors or States
we count on a comprehensive transparent
and impartial investigation of the
incident in accordance with the existing
norms of international law first of all
based on the provisions of the
Convention on the prohibition of
chemical weapons and expect that the
international community will be provided
with conclusions and evidence we express
our hope for the normalization of
relations and restoration of trust
between the leading States preservation
of integrity
of the OPCW joined efforts to counter
common threats to security as well as
the renunciation of the so-called block
mentality we call upon all interested
States to unite and resolve all issues
resulting from the incident in UK in
accordance with the norms of
international law following the spirit
and principles of the Astana OSC
declaration I thank you Thank You mr.
president
Sweden has been clear in condemning in
the strongest terms the attempted murder
of individuals on UK soil using a nerve
agent we stand fully behind the common
EU position on this matter we share the
UK's assessment that it's highly likely
that Russia is responsible and that
there is no other plausible alternative
explanation we reiterate our strong
solidarity with the UK our close friend
a new partner in our support for its
ongoing investigation mr. president with
regard to the chemical weapons use and
as we've heard today the UK is
conducting its own independent police
investigation it is cooperating with the
OPCW this is in full conformity with the
Chemical Weapons Convention the UK has
acted in a proper manner under the
convention we underline the importance
of respect for this process in which the
UK is cooperating with the OPCW the
independent international organisation
charged with overseeing the chemical
weapons ban we look forward to being
kept informed about the investigation
including the upcoming report regarding
sample analysis by the OPCW we call on
Russia to answer the questions posed by
the UK finally let me once again
underline Sweden's principled position
on chemical weapons these abhorrent
weapons are clearly prohibited under
international law all use of chemical
weapons must be properly investigated an
accountability ensured
we need to be vigilant in our efforts to
ensure the integrity that the integrity
of the chemical weapons ban is respected
I thank mister Thank You mr. president
Poland expresses its grave concern on
the use of a nerve agent in an attempt
to murder mr. Sirk is crippling his
daughter miss yulia's crippled on March
4th 2018 in Salisbury UK this reckless
act also endangered lives of innocent
civilians Polish position in this regard
was clearly expressed by the highest
Polish authorities in the days after the
attack in Salisbury Poland undertook
diplomatic steps to express our full
solidarity with the British people and
the British government and condemned
this unprecedented attack on the
territory of the United Kingdom
we also aligned ourselves we've joined
statements of the European Union that
were made in The Hague during the latest
regular session of the Executive Council
of the OPCW and at its yesterday's
meeting mr. president Poland has always
stood at the forefront of the
international community's efforts to
contain the proliferation of weapons of
mass destruction the incident in
Salisbury is yet another example of
violation of the international law and
the provisions of the Convention on the
prohibition of chemical weapons it
remains our strong conviction that those
responsible for the use of chemical
weapons must be identified and punished
any such act cannot be left unanswered
since it undermines not only the basic
sense of justice but also leads to the
erosion of the non-proliferation and
disarmament regime and in consequence it
undermines security of
of us mr. president we have full
confidence in the UK's investigation and
recommend transparency and continued
information sharing of the British
government in this regard at the same
time we welcome the ongoing cooperation
between the UK and the OPCW in full
compliance with the CWC Convention we
are looking forward to a further
discussion on the matter
when results on the of the ongoing
independent investigation by the team of
expert of the OPCW will be known we
would like to recall that the European
Council on March 22 unanimously has
agreed with the United Kingdom's
assessment that it is highly highly
likely that the Russian Federation is
responsible for attacked in Salisbury
and that there is no credible
alternative explanation mr. president as
we already stated on other occasions we
support the UK's decision to call on
Russia to address the legitimate
questions raised by the British
government and the international
community and to provide immediate full
and complete disclosure to the mass
destruction in two different countries
but the little troubled
in our world today
thank you very much the intervention in
my state
same message of condemnation in
Equatorial Guinea
police say most photos in El Centro de
Clichy diplomatic attache are pretty
well meant a massive are soon
Thank You mr. president mr. president
the kingdom of the Netherlands supports
remarks made by the permanent
representative of the United Kingdom I
will make three points first the
chemical weapon attack in Salisbury is
unacceptable second we fully support the
investigation led by the United Kingdom
and thirdly we call him the Russian
Federation to fully cooperate with this
ongoing criminal investigation mr.
president on my first point the
unacceptability of the attack during the
previous meeting on this matter on March
14th I expressed our shock about the
reckless attack with a military-grade
nerve agent on British soil the kingdom
of the Netherlands has strongly
condemned this attack in this council
and at many other occasions
the kingdom of the Netherlands stands a
full solidarity with the United Kingdom
mr. president my second point our
support for the investigation we
underlined that the perpetrators of this
heinous act must face justice the
authorities of the UK are working to
achieve this they are working together
with the OPCW to this end and at the
meeting of the Executive Council of the
OPCW in The Hague yesterday
director-general assumed to reconfirmed
that the UK has followed the correct
procedure in this regard we reiterate
that we do not see any legitimate reason
why anyone should try to delay sidetrack
second-guess or discredit
the criminal investigation carried out
by the UK authorities we fully support
the investigation led by the United
Kingdom with the assistance given by the
OPCW my third point mr. president needed
for Russian cooperation on this 22nd of
March the European Council condemned the
attack in Salisbury in the strongest
possible terms it agreed with the UK
government's assessment that is highly
likely that the Russian Federation is
responsible for the attack and that
there is no plausible alternative
explanation we therefore call on the
Russian Federation to fully cooperate
with the ongoing investigation
and to provide full disclosure to the
president any use of chemical weapons is
unacceptable accountability for this
horrific crime the organization for the
possibility for this incident thank you
thank you very much
we are digital era
Thank You mr. president
miss you
here anything new from some of our
colleagues those who continued wasn't
without brains
Russia is guilty and demanding that it
shed light on the incident we also like
to see the truths emerge
Nadine I hope bullshit around Buddha the
further you go the the more truth will
find its way toward light Dutch
colleague for system proposal to
cooperate with the British side
cooperation is not exactly how we
understand the notion we are being
called upon to answer one question the
width is duly and that is to recognize
that we did it well Peter I'm width we
need your answer is we haven't done them
do it - yo not enough how did you do it
give us some proof provide some evidence
long go ahead open yup weird Toby put
his might no but but but admit anyway
it'll be better that way news any new
clues new pin you must renew Kakuta
table doesn't anyone understand that
this is all really the theater of the
absurd postal once and you can read that
in our conceptual note that we have
circulated so you wouldn't bother but
today note that the ambassador readiness
to provide member states with
information on the course of the
investigation we will away shit expect
that the information for Lulu beated
nations that are more convincing than
those that I demonstrated in my
statement last 30 which impossible to
resist
by the way the explanation kingdom
anyway yeah the legal reasons for like
as an instrument of justice so we're in
the context of the British justice
system is quite curious so we will take
that route in conclusion mr. president
you all know some dude and you know what
the median there's really nothing new
the wonderful and also he who wrote a
wonderful book called Alice in
Wonderland would like to read to you a
small extract from swedia which are not
well planned at court under a day a
trial of Walt at the club it's very
brief the other chronic persons caduceus
will missed the White Rabbit jumped up
and great in a great hurry
suppose one in us to village to ska
saloon with your permission your majesty
took use to show leaking there is more
evidence here Paul Cousteau Boumediene I
didn't do cumin we've just found one
document misplaced papers just need a
jump maybe there's more evidence to come
yet please your majesty said the White
Rabbit jumping up in a great hurry this
paper has just been picked up what's in
it said the Queen I haven't opened it
yet said the White Rabbit but it seems
to be a letter written by the prisoner
to to somebody it must have been that
said the king unless it was written to
nobody which isn't unusual which isn't
usual you know who is it directed to
said one of the jurymen it isn't
directed at all said the White Rabbit in
fact there is nothing written on the
outside are they in the prisoners
handwriting us in order of the jurymen
their notes at the White Rabbit and
that's the queerest thing about it the
jury all looked puzzled
he must have imitated somebody's L cents
at the king the journey of all
brightened up again please Your Majesty
said the knave I didn't write it and
they can't provide it there is no name
signed at the end if you didn't sign it
say the king that only makes the matter
worse
you must've meant some mischief or else
you'd have signed your name like an
honest man there was a general clapping
of hands of handsomeness it was the
first really clever thing the King had
said that day that's the most important
piece of evidence we've heard yet said
the King rubbing his hands let the jury
consider the verdict
today's independence whether we can
prove most ways involvement in this
cripple case or not our case mr.
relevant is irrelevant
knock knock can see that justice is one
brief the Russians response to all of
this is to say prove it as if in a court
of law even on the balance of
probabilities
thank you very much mr. president I went
to chained colleagues very long there's
another very good quote from Alice in
Wonderland that is sometimes I've
believed as many as six impossible
things before breakfast
I think that's the quote that suits my
Russian colleague best I just wanted to
say that of course we are committed to
keeping the council updated we will
share with the council at the council's
request as much information as we can as
and when we have it and in accordance
with developments thank you very much
the meeting is adjourned
