the daughter of the former Russian
double agent Elia scrap hull has given
her first official statement after the
poison attack on her and her father
last month in the southern English city
of Salisbury he was making a quick
recovery now it seems but there's
described the episode as disorientating
let's get more now from London our
correspondent Anastacio Churkin is there
hi Nastya what else has been said in
yulia's statement two British police
well uh Colin this was certainly a
highly anticipated statement given that
it's now been a whole month of the saga
unravelling since Sergei scrapple and
his 33 year old daughter Yulia were
taken to hospital following of this
incident in Salisbury where the universe
said to have been poisoned and now in
this first official release of any
information from either one of them
indeed Yulia scruple has released a
statement where she has said that she
has now been in good health for a week
she's thanked the people who came to the
aid of her and her father when they were
as she said quote incapacitated and she
did indeed say that she's found the
whole experience so far disorientating
so she's asked for privacy and this is
certainly something that neither Yulia
or Sergey Ahava well despite the fact
that they were in a coma given much of
throughout this whole month of course
with allegations of all sorts of flying
around about what exactly happened to
them now it has to be said of course
that they were
on a bench in Salisbury on March 4th and
since then have both remained in a coma
up until now that Yulia is finally
speaking out about what has happened to
them
now of course both Yulia and Suri of
Julia is a Russian citizen and we were
just now at a press conference given by
the Russian ambassador to the UK where
he talked about how she's basically of
course free to go back to Russia
whenever she chooses but it's highly
likely that all eyes are going to be on
Yulia now that she's recovered to see
exactly what more she will have to say
now also keeping in mind that the niece
of Sergei scrapple and the cousin of
Yulia Victoria is expected to be
travelling to Britain within some time
we do know right now she's expecting a
British visa and they'll and then will
be making her way to the UK to see her
relatives and with all of this ongoing
the Russian ambassador spoke today about
how Russia has tried according to him
every single method in the book to come
into cooperation with British officials
on this whole saga he's talked about how
it's important to see facts how Russia
would like to partake and invest in an
investigation together with Britain and
the rest of the international community
including the organisation for the
prohibition of chemical weapons we're of
course Russia put a draft suggestion for
those involved in this organization to
work together and calling for
transparency however as we know that did
not go through at this press conference
I asked the Russian ambassador where
this whole situation goes from here
given the gravity of the accusations as
well as the lack of cooperation between
Russia and Britain in this whole
scenario
well I think the only positive way is to
cooperate and as soon as you get the
full cooperation from the British side
and we establish the the truth together
by the way because this is the British
soul and Russian citizens we need this
let's say investigation and I from I
point to you this was the best results
and the best outcome
where is this whole time this whole
month Russia has been asking to be
involved in exactly what is going on
it's been asking to see samples it's
been asking to partake in the
investigation it's been asking
to see some kind of evidence or facts or
a sample of the nerve agent that was
said to have been used in this whole
incident however that still remains to
materialize and we do know that in terms
of where this goes from here for now
the latest that we're expecting to come
next is some kind of fact-finding from
the investigators who the police have
said any results could be not announced
possibly before a couple of months or
weeks or even months as they said and of
course the investigation of the OPCW so
all of those should be Sharia shedding
more light but clearly there's a major
deadlock right now not just
diplomatically but in terms of how
Russian the UK see this situation in
terms of moving forward
indeed okay for now in West London
outside the Russian embassy in
Kensington and a co-chair thanks very
much for that
