students at a Florida School where a
mass shooting took place have spoken out
against new security measures there a
teenage shooter killed 17 people at
Parkland High School in February one of
the survivors who joined the anti-gun
Lobby expressed her frustration with a
see-through backpack which is one of the
school's new safety measures students
say they want well-thought-out changes
not useless quick fixes as Samira Khan
reports it's been almost two months
since the survivors of the deadly school
shooting in parkland called on the
government to take action what's more
important is actual action and pertinent
action that results in saving thousands
of children's lives but some of the
initiatives taken to curtail gun
violence haven't been so popular like
these clear backpacks made mandatory at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas high an idea to
see through bad intentions my new
backpack is almost as transparent as the
NRA agenda I feel so safe now starting
off the last quarter of senior year
right with a good-old violation of
privacy now I can't lie about not having
gum moving on to another state and
another brilliant initiative a middle
school teacher in Georgia asked students
to write a letter to Congress demanding
stricter gun controls the assignment
enraged parents who complained that it
was unethical to bring the issue into
the school's curriculum pennsylvania has
its own rather unique solution if an
armed intruder attempts to gain at
entrance to any of our classrooms they
will face a classroom full of students
armed with rocks and they will be stoned
but apparently this was Plan B the
district superintendent said that the
rocks for his own suggestion after
scrapping plan a which was wait for it
golf balls so it looks like those in
charge of fixing the issue of gun
violence seem to be using the debate to
score political points and one of the
best examples of this is Senator Marco
Rubio I respect their views and
recognize that many Americans support
certain gun bans however many other
Americans do not support a gun ban
statements like this and makeshift
solutions are perhaps not what the
shooting survivors had in mind when they
called for action Samir Khan RT
Washington DC
