now Facebook has admitted that the scale
of a personal data breach involving the
research firm Cambridge and Cambridge
analytic I was far larger than
previously estimated RT scaled Maupin
has details but we now have Facebook
admitting that most of its two billion
users probably had their information
revealed in an unauthorized manner
now when the New York Times first broke
the story in mid-march we heard that it
was 50 million 50 million users of
Facebook that had their information
handed over to Cambridge analytic
now we later heard that it was 87
million people who had their Facebook
profiles handed over to this research
firm and that the majority of them were
in the United States now the firm that
has been using this information it's
called Cambridge analytic and
essentially it does data collection and
polling and analysis for political
parties political campaigns and groups
they use this information essentially to
craft their messaging craft their
campaigning in a way that would be
persuasive they kind of create a
psychological profile of potential
voters based on what they've collected
from Facebook and social media they then
use that information to crap their
campaign advertising their messaging etc
and now the data harvesting happened in
a tacit agreement with Facebook now
Facebook says they had no malicious
intent however this has really hurt
their reputation the government of
Germany actually went as far as asking
for a clarification from Facebook for an
explanation we also have seen the trend
delete Facebook all over social media
with people you know tweeting out you
know delete Facebook calling for people
to stop using Facebook in response to
this perceived you know dissemination of
people's personal information we now
have an apology from Mark Zuckerberg the
chief of Facebook this is what he said
we need to make sure that there aren't
any other Cambridge analyticals out
there right or folks who have been
properly accessed data you know we need
to make sure that we don't make that
mistake ever again
so at this
point it's revealed that essentially
almost all of Facebook's two billion
users probably had some of their
information accessed without their
permission in an unauthorized manner now
that's very very big and and a lot of
questions are being asked now we do know
that Facebook is now in the process of
changing their app Sun so that certain
apps are more protected and that the
privacy of their users is more protected
but as we see you know this call for for
Facebook to to be deleted for people not
to be used using Facebook is expanding
so a lot of questions are being raised
and it's certainly true that the
reputation of this very widely used
social media app is is severely
tarnished all right we asked Internet
law expert at Yair Cohen and a media
analyst Timothy car for their views on
the Facebook data scandal Kenbridge
analytic is denying the figure day they
claimed that it is only thirty million
but I don't think it makes a lot of
difference very thirty million I made a
million I think it is the principle
behind this the old story about born
about the use of internet robots is
because the bots in order to meddle with
the US election is now straight the
whole story seem now a little bit out of
date a little bit ridiculous nobody is
talking about it but it was very
interesting to hear mr. Zuckerberg only
a couple of weeks ago almost apologizing
for allowing chemically related card to
a boxes today that it was then being
used to influence election is if the
story was about influencing election but
by third party safe in Russia rather
than accessing users data unlawfully
this is a company that grew so rapidly
that the people who were managing
facebook lost control of their creation
and the whole business model of Facebook
is built on this idea that they they
collect highly targeted data on their
users and then sell that data to
advertisers and others and there just
wasn't enough oversight of that process
Facebook now wants to say that they can
they can police themselves internally
they can solve these problems with their
own oversight but I think that you know
there's a legitimate reason that that's
not good enough that we need to look at
a new regulatory framework that will
protect the privacy of users of social
media not just Facebook where people go
on Google and other popular platforms
