a veu has meanwhile rejected a draft
proposal by Russia for a joint
investigation and a meeting of the
chemical weapons watchdog the OPCW
Brussels also accused Russia of being
unwilling to cooperate reporting from
The Hague here's our Europe
correspondent Peter Oliver
well this special meeting of the OPCW
got underway on Wednesday with Russia's
permanent representative tabeling
emotion to start a inclusive unified in
what was called a constructive civilized
investigation well this was dismissed
out of hand by both the United Kingdom
and the EU representatives we heard from
the British site they referred to
Russia's proposal as perverted and an
attempt to divert attention away for an
investigation they also went on to said
that it was in poor taste for Russia to
put this forward on this day saying it
was one year since the chemical weapons
attack on a town in Syria which left
over 100 people dead the UK accuses the
Assad government of carrying out that
attack and accuses Russia of covering up
and stopping an investigation into that
he said it was in contempt for the lives
that were lost that Russia puts this
forward on this day he was then followed
up by representative from the European
Union who said this the EU didn't agree
with Russia's proposal for a joint
investigation saying that Russia hadn't
provided information it should have done
to the UK already he also went on to say
that the European Union had concerns
that Russia could perhaps pull away from
the OPCW entirely also a representative
from the European Commission saying that
that laboratory important down wasn't
charged with determining where the
chemical had come from only determining
what chemical in a beam our
understanding is that the role of the of
the expert there was to identify the
type of agent that was used not the
source of the agent and and that's also
what the experts have
did identify enough the nerve agent has
no vigil so that is what what they have
done and for the rest I would refer you
to the Marche European Council where I
think your containers have taken a clear
position so we didn't get the answers to
the many many questions that we may have
hoped for out of this meeting we are
hoping and should be hearing from the
Russian permanent representative in just
a little while be asking him for more
about what unfolded at this meeting here
in The Hague let's get the force now of
Ken Livingstone former Mayor of London
welcome to the programme mr. Livingstone
one of the words used by the British
delegation of the OPCW meeting was to
say that Russia's idea to have a joint
investigation would be perverse does
that effectively now preclude Russia
from ever getting a chance to try and
clear its name well it clearly don't
want an open and honest investigation
because the British government has set
out to blame all of this on President
Putin and Russia from the very beginning
and what is bizarre about this is that
all the evidence is coming out brings us
into question it's not just that this is
a chemical that could be made in many
other places we've just recently
discovered that someone who worked on
the site about 15 years ago was sent to
prison for selling it illegally so the
idea that you know it can only be Russia
behind all this is nonsense I mean the
simple fact is our country has a
principle that you are innocent until
proved guilty but here we had our prime
minister Theresa May on the television
immediately denouncing Russia and
starting to order the expulsion of
Russian diplomats and this has been
taken up around the Western block I do
think it's much more just a part of the
politics of building and aunty Russia
Alliance again like we had in the Cold
War
mmm you and I both know they're always
elements of an investigation as
sensitive as this some things can be in
the public domain some things aren't but
the rush to blame Russia without
providing any public evidence of this do
you think at some point to resume or
number 10 is going to
to come out with something well I'm not
certain they will because our politics
is just about lies and smears that get
repeated all the time and most of the
British media is Tory and conservative
controlled so they won't challenge on or
undermine any of this and literally
we've just had decades and decades of
this I I remember growing up in that
post-war world where we were told why we
had to close the missile gap with the
Soviet Union and then when President
Kennedy won the election on that pledge
his first briefing he stole bill
Russia's got four nuclear missiles
america's got 350 so I'm always a bit
doubtful about believing what comes out
of the lips of presidents and prime
ministers what about foreign secretaries
what he were talking there we were just
seeing some pictures of Boris Johnson I
know you're not his biggest fan but do
you think he's trying to wriggle out of
his previous statements he was being
very forthright from day one against
Russia on this do you think he might
start backtracking a little bit now well
I
I fought Boris Johnson in two mayoral
elections and I have to say he just says
what he thinks he needs to say at the
time I've never known a politician so
completely and utterly unrelated to
facts I mean he wouldn't even read his
briefings before we went into those
debates he just says what he thinks will
go down well at the time so my broad
advice is pay no attention to anything
that's ever said by a foreign secretary
it will invariably be rubbish you might
have thought that the the Foreign Office
civil servants might be a little more
careful with their Twitter though we've
been reporting about that tweet that's
now been deleted the one that had
originally said that important down and
said yes it definitely came from Russia
you know as well as I do when
something's out there on Twitter you
can't get rid of this kind of stuff do
you think it was an honest mistake or is
it closing the door after the horses
bolted well it could just be it was any
genuine mistakes people rushing to make
a judgement too soon but I have to say
there's been such a consistently
hostile approach to Russia and since
President Putin came to power
and I think I there's a lot of concern
amongst Western interests that he's
built a very secure and strong rafter
again following the catastrophic eight
years under President Yeltsin so I think
there's a lot of fear and doubt about
him I think that's you know nonsense
I mean Putin and Russia would like to
reach out to the West build better
economic links and so on and that's the
best way of proceeding in the future not
ramping up all this nonsense
one other thing that Britain said was
that Russia could have waited a couple
of weeks before taking this to the OPCW
of The Hague or given that it stands
accused very vocally from number 10
onwards and also this admission for
important down about the origins of this
nerve agent why would Russia wait I mean
absolutely ridiculous because they
literally threesome a was up there
virtually from day one and blaming and
Russia and President Putin for this the
idea that all we need a long delay for
we can have a serious investigation we
Teresa made was making these claims
before they'd even been the first report
from the people investigating the
incident and we still haven't had and
their final report and I wouldn't be at
all surprised if it is never made
available to the public
okay I appreciate your thoughts are
saving Ken Livingstone former Mayor of
London thanks for joining us on Rt
