a number of Russian officials have
already given their reaction to the
latest developments of the scribbled
case today with more on that now our
correspondent igor is Dan off there's a
good share of irony in the UK's latest
accusation against Russia well you know
that Russia's refusing to share any
information on the scribble case with
the UK because from the looks of it it
seems that now London is shamelessly
borrowing lines from Moscow's book of
concerns for weeks Russia has been
calling on London to disclose at least
some information on their investigation
into the scribble case and has been
criticizing London for their blatant
refusal to do so so now it seems London
is turning Moscow's arguments against
itself
so really Russia's reaction Russia's
response to this has been hardly a
surprise our vital if Channel and UK are
sure that Russia denied the UK
information on the case was not willing
to discuss the question and denied any
possibility of cooperation this is 100%
a lie well this is far from the only
thing we've heard from the Russian
diplomats the Foreign Ministry has said
that basically London is interested in
sort of Fanning the flames around the
whole investigation around the whole
assassination attempt and not interested
in an actual and transparent
investigation itself we've also heard
from the Foreign Ministry that now with
all the with the barrage of accusations
flying the Russia way all trust towards
the UK in this situation in this scandal
has been lost and amid this hail of
mutual jabs between Russia and the UK
here in Moscow we've heard from the
chief of the OSCE Thomas Graham anger
he's he's delivering and making his
speech at a conference on international
security he said that basically the
cooperation between Russia and the EU is
vital for European security and I
managed to get a few minutes of his time
and what I was really interested in is
whether or not he believes the whole
situation around the scribble case
hampers the
said cooperation and he told me that he
believes that it is not right when one
side doesn't hear the other I'm truly
worried about these Bruce Lang relations
between east west it seems to get worse
on a daily basis and that is indeed a
matter of concern I think to all
security politicians we need again to
revert to to dialogue we need to sit at
the same table we need again to listen
try to understand develop more empathy
towards the security perceptions of each
other I think that is listening trying
to understand that's very important if
we want to come out of this current
escalatory logic well judging by the
latest events dialog the vital and the
most basic trait and tool of diplomacy
is something that is seems to be for now
impossible to achieve in this situation
more reaction to the recent developments
in the script world case President Putin
has said that Russia is not expecting an
apology ensuring his doom we are not
waiting for anything
we just expect common sense to
eventually prevail so that international
relations will not be harmed as much as
they are right now
