a joint media conference in Ankara where
three power brokers of peace in Syria
have met in an effort to reduce the
violence in the war-torn country in your
petrenko reports the guarantors have met
in Ankara Turkey and there's absolutely
no doubts about their commitment to what
the three countries are doing together
though they are all still here with
their own ambition starboard one keep
saying that his country won't tolerate
the armed Kurdish militias in northern
Syria so the so-called Olive Branch
military ops will continue no matter
what Hassan Rowhani the Iranian leader
says that external powers though he did
specifically mention the US and Israel
are trying to use the terrorists on the
ground in Syria to reach some of their
own goals Vladimir Putin proudly speaks
about the Russian efforts to evacuate
Eastern goota which as we understand has
paid off with the evacuation of more
than 150,000 civilians and some of the
rebels - although perhaps the most
important point that was made by the
Russian president was that Moscow is in
possession of some intelligence that
points to some radicals planning to
destroyed the road towards peace with a
chemical weapons attack our joint
strategic goal is to eliminate the
terrorists who keep trying to
destabilize the situation on the ground
and sabotage the peace process they are
doing this in every way possible we have
obtained undeniable evidence of planned
provocation by the militants with the
use of chemical agents then came a
little surprise for mr. Aird Ilan there
were no questions planned but the
Turkish leader encouraged the audience
to start asking them and then we heard
the one that the journalists had been
expecting for two days about America
being back and forth over their future
role in Syria and here's what I mean by
that will be coming out of Syria like
very soon very soon
so we're coming out with Saudi Arabia is
very interested in our decision and I
said well you know you want us to say
maybe you're gonna have to pay we're in
Syria to fight Isis that is our mission
and the mission isn't over and we're
going to complete that mission so who
was first to jump in Iran's president
Hassan rouhani couldn't miss his chance
to bash Washington in this case the US
has one thing one day and then a
completely different thing the next so
we cannot trust their words and actions
it seems they want to benefit from Syria
as much as possible Lord and all mr.
Ayer dawn wants to say to the US
administration stop arming and funding
the Kurds full stop let's put some
analysis and all that now in Tehran is
syed mustafa costume who's a political
analyst welcome back to RT now the three
you've been talking today using a shared
common language along the way that's not
always been the case between the three
countries that were represented at that
summit how realistic then do you think
it is for these trilateral efforts to
rebuild Syria especially of course the
u.s. is still there hello and thanks for
having me well you know geopolitically
speak in some seven years ago when the
war were started admittedly by the
United States allies Saudi Arabia Turkey
and Qatar at least according to former
US Vice President Joe Biden and Michael
flee in the former national security
adviser and head of the Pentagon
intelligence department they both blamed
up all Saudi Arabia Qatar and Turkey for
the chaos in the Middle East and they
acknowledged that the United States was
completely aware and informed of you
know imminent chaos in eastern Syria and
western Iraq when they started they were
one Coalition of the Willing to wear off
the power of Iran's regional ally Syria
and Iraq and Hizballah of Lebanon and
also at a time Iran soft power was at
good levels but Iran's heart
power was not wet did not go any further
than its geographical borders but now
after seven years both of the soft power
and hard power of Iran and Russia have
grown in the Middle East and they have
now warmed the upper hand in the Syrian
in Syria and in Iraq the cracks are
widening in rifts are widening among the
coalition the former coalition that was
led by the United States between Qatar
and Saudi Arabia between Turkey and
Saudi Arabia between Turkey and the UAE
they there are rifts that are widening
among these not just because of their
problems in their bilateral ties but
also because of their geopolitical
differences Turkey and Qatar are
distancing themselves from Saudi Arabia
and from the United States somehow with
regard to Syria and they have come
closer to Iran and Russia even very
recently we heard news from their
Turkish officials that even the French
have requested partnership in the Astana
talks and the reason is that even the
French have come to realize that if they
want to become a part of the political
decision-making in the region they need
to join Iran and Russia and of course
are now of Turkey so the United States
has grown so weak in Syria and in the
region that we heard just very recently
that Donald Trump said they want to pull
out unless the Saudis pay for their stay
in Syria away from the business formula
that he is trying actually to milk the
Saudis at the point is that the United
States has grown so weak that it cannot
have any major say or any say in Syria
so what they are doing is that they are
playing negativism they are trying to
sabotage peace and you know welfare of
the Syrian nation and they are trying to
sabotage our restoration of stability in
Syria and in the region in order to be
given a part in their that's what the
French
and what about the united states
president have repeatedly stressed that
they are to be given some part or they
sabotage the peace process in the region
