British Foreign Office is now denying
that Boris Johnson said that the
military lab important down told him
that Russia was responsible for the
nerve agent used in the poisoning of
Sergey scribble and his daughter the
Foreign Office has also deleted a tweet
attributing blame for the attack on
Russia with the details he is an
associate chair in Westminster
game of he-said she-said is unraveling
in London this comes as the Foreign
Office indeed has denied that UK foreign
secretary Boris Johnson had confirmed
that experts important down confirmed to
him that Russia was behind this kripaal
incident now this comes following of
course yesterday's huge developments
where we saw the chief executive of
portent down say that while they have
determined that what was used was a
military-grade nerve agent however they
were not able to determine the source of
where this came from and afterwards a
video of Boris Johnson giving an
interview prior surfaced that certainly
garnered lots of attention where he says
that there's no doubt left for him after
talking to those same experts that
Russia was behind the incident let's
take a look at that we have not verified
the precise source but we provided the
scientific information to the government
but you have not been able to establish
a Porton down that this was made in
Russia as I said it's our job to provide
you know their scientific evidence that
identifies what the particular nerve
agent is but it's not our job to NC
where that actually was manufactured so
to be clear you're not able at Porton
down to say where it is from we haven't
yet been able to do that but when I look
at the evidence I mean the people from
from port and down they were absolutely
categorical and I asked the guy myself I
said are you sure and he said there's no
doubt well to this today the Foreign
Office has released a statement where
they say quote the Foreign Secretary was
making clear that Porton Down were sure
it was Nava Chalk a point they have
reinforced what the Foreign Secretary
said then and what Porton Down have said
recently is fully consistent with what
we have said throughout it is rot
that is putting forward multiple
versions of events and obfuscating the
truth and quote now the laboratory
itself has also tweeted saying it is not
and has never been our responsibility to
confirm the source of the agent now all
of this would have been fine and well if
there wasn't a tweet that was released
by the Foreign Office on the 22nd of
March and about this tweet the Russian
embassy here in London has tweeted just
now asking why would the Foreign Office
delete this tweet from March 22nd and
the key here is that the message of this
tweet reads quote analysis by world
leading experts at the laboratory at
Porton Down made clear that this was a
military-grade novel choke nerve agent
produced in Russia and indeed we checked
and double-checked and triple-checked
that tweet is no longer around so
certainly this is going to be continuing
to raise lots of questions in London
because again of the seriousness of the
allegations that have been made and now
these very contradictory statements that
are being released and it has to be said
that even the Labour Party have now said
that they're basically challenging Boris
Johnson to explain himself on this
matter
