hi I'm JK Gonzales I'm a journalist from
Argentina I love traveling but football
is my chief passion the 2018 FIFA World
Cup will be held at the other end of the
world in Russia I have an idea trying to
con me Series in equipment Alice Moyer
self trisomy yo mentorship Erickson
didn't appropriate another Konoha de
jakke Loki on the pasando OB they were
served it was me que mucho de Lucia no
say inclusive the thing I learned Amano
Sugiyama Muhammed Ali husband of a boxer
come in the lumber and a dough but we it
mo it stood on it below you see Toby
Remo who hires a little later Vitaly mu
his friend will join our team by Mooka I
mean Muhammad Hassan Ali together will
show both the old and the new world what
to expect from this mysterious country
host of the 2018 FIFA World Cup
we arrived in Kazan late in the evening
I've heard a lot about this city the
German footballers were fascinated by it
after the Confederations Cup I read
online that it's an ancient town with a
rich history but ultra-modern at the
same time I was looking forward to
getting a good look at Kazan our dobriy
vecher
yeah but it is a very narrow book of
Povich Anika's Anya see what NYADA
sorrow showed the white attacked the
bureau's doll it's a bomber
it is when you see all taxi assault just
was abbreviated garage is just the
thoughts of the car unfortunate renewals
are a neoliberal booth for 30 more
easily pay as death but the guys are up
to something
I don't like it when they whisper like
that Russia there go what about you go
to the tour and we wait for you in the
hotel
we're just a little bit sad I want to
borrow a tire okay okay but you want to
stay there yeah we're gonna wait for you
in the hotel
Kazan International Airport is 26
kilometers from the city in 2015 it was
named the best Regional Airport in
Russia you can get to the city by bus
the service is available from 5:00 a.m.
to 11:00 p.m.
there's also a train that runs to the
Central Station nine times a day travel
time is 20 minutes a taxi will get you
to the city in around 40 minutes so do
you go you have to go this way and
you're gonna meet the guy his name is
Alexander from Alexander yeah he's
waiting for you there okay what about
taking your back to the hotel you don't
need it anyway okay so the guys
abandoned me well that's fine I'll get
by on my own I know my guide speaks
English so it shouldn't be a problem
Alexander Oh Diego Diego nice meeting
you welcome to Kazan I'll be your tour
guide for today so okay we are all ready
to go if you are yes yes it's just by
John Foster ambition not magic japako
sure I don't mind
you can use my trim panel of conditional
ethnic naps in the center of kazan one
of the biggest cities in Russia they've
built a village everything here looks as
if it came straight out of a fairy tale
quaint houses Wells and apiary windmills
and antique carts another language yes
he Tatarstan we have four two state
languages it's the Russian language and
the Tatar it is a place where can one
get get acquainted with the bits and
pieces of Tatar culture
it's money that obscure coffee bascially
also don't understand
all the people living in Kazan really
love the Tatar of Tatar food that our
cuisine and here in in this place will
have a monument this a famous triangle
pies in the Tatar language it is called
HP Shmack again HP schmuck is pushback
yeah it's it's a very very old old food
it was used by ancient nomadic people
there is no principal ocean coastal
Turkana boy just to terminus
this word Kazan means the same it's a
big cooking pot there are actually there
are 18 versions of how the name of our
city came into being and six of them
have something to do with Kazan is a big
cooking pot that's why the shape of this
place it's a kind of a symbol of Kazan
also a symbol of our family because it's
a wedding palace initially this wedding
palace served the cause of sports after
opening in 2013 it was supposed to
become the Universiade a media center
but that was moved to the Kazan arena
instead Sport is very popular in Kazan
the city hosted two bandy World
Championships in 2005 and 2011 the world
Fencing Championships in 2014 the World
Aquatics Championships in 2015 and many
more
while I was learning about cousins
architecture my friends were stuffing
their bellies they went to one of the
fanciest restaurants in Kazan they're
obviously more interested in Tata food
than in the city itself vitaly tried to
tear ma it's a horse meat sausage
stuffed with offal and cereals and
served with stock moo-ha-ha Bhatia a pie
with rice eggs
raisins and fried red cheese curds
I brought you to another beautiful place
of Kazan I mean these agriculturalists
palace in this beautiful place I wanted
to say goodbye to you this is the final
this destination all for our city tour
the agricultural palace is truly
impressive it's a huge building
illuminated at night and it reminds me
of the Hofburg Imperial Palace in Vienna
Vanetta officio canoe Narwhal efficient
agricultura
a kangas an extractor meant a loyal
Kremlin they were unsure que me rapido
magnificant reduction the locust la
capitale de la república arboretum pero
mañana a to see a marina continua or
isn't the Ilario of inguinal area net
America saw Maria latina or mere
lights of Kazan is a walking tour having
crossed half of the city I barely
managed to reach my hotel I had only one
thought get to bed as soon as possible
my feet were killing me you speak
English yes I love NIV and Muhammad is a
black guy without they have my passport
Hamid II Batali Kiran inkay hawlucha cha
Acacia venir a la Pucelle check in
Toronto she knoweth on sorry no se
cuando Anna bulb are tardy yes telephone
know nothing about the reals better
follow
Yanis Morikami a good attack super
this foot yeah it's in your bag if it's
in your pockets in the room in my room
yeah no it's an our room yeah yeah we
will bring your food it's upstairs I
can't go okay
wanna try no try it what seriously they
try to appease me with pies I'd been
waiting for an hour instead of going to
bed
I was pretty fed up Moscow schedules are
possible
instead of policing sir after a sound
night's sleep I regained my good mood I
couldn't really be that cross with the
rascals by the way yesterday's pie is
called edge punch max well really tasty
on purpose no he's a great singer and
Napoleon is so spit yeah sure our hotel
is slap bang in the city center on
Bauman Street it's cos Ann's Broadway
although not as long it definitely
competes with the New York thoroughfare
for charm and it's older too Bauman
Street is 400 years old
Russian Empress Catherine the Great
Pushkin and Duma once wandered along
this street and legendary Russian singer
Yoda shalyapin was born and raised here
with many restaurants and cafes gift and
grocery shops Bauman Street is where
everyone flocks to
if the Kashi is balmoral apparel
principal in El Centro de casa I'm sorry
Kemosabe maka Sentinel a particular area
the una intense' presencia muscle mana
into the last shoe doll into the leather
heel Tamil Open Mobile in the Sunnis in
la comida como polish didn't blow any
toes
Jack Jack it was Chuck chocolates
lettuce catcher
okay so gross illusory dolna when
Sheridan our meal I didn't throw it
mucho chocolate mmm that's the crema ah
and he was asking to see the boss is
inside
boskie's inside of the crema and the
cambium is white the Kremlin is yeah
it's not right here today is an
important day I had an interview planned
but I decided to take a look at the
Kremlin first last night it looked just
magnificent and now I want to find out
what's inside
Maria will be lost at the auction Cassio
it I taught English in class Eva
unlike Moscow and Nizhny Novgorod where
the Kremlin's are redbrick the one in
Kazan is snow white it took almost a
hundred years to build this fortress it
also includes a number of tourist
attractions the local Hermitage kucherov
mosque the Orthodox annunciation
cathedral and the famous famous CBN o
India and Russia in Iran policy on their
tails he's agnostic owes akka in
criminal in the castle you no puede ver
al gonna tally porque es cierto largely
him principal in Russia Oh India in
Orthodox Yehuda meant a Sunni glissando
sorprendido el camión porque Salukis a
repeatin la diferente cos plus aprenden
de tal vez la cerca Nia que tiene con la
mezquita que también esta at enteral
Kremlin tally la cerca Niazi Ottoman
todo simbolo de una Aviano una cosa a
Passos ah da king cement rose de una
Makita Gigante dando un symbol o un
cristo de una al I can reciprocate asana
Suez to Alison Alison is una region
eminent Amenti oh of course it's
impossible to see everything in the
Kremlin in just a couple of hours but
that's all the time we had I had work to
do there's a Russian phrase works not a
wolf it won't run off to the forest but
if your work is to interview a football
player
it definitely could
now we are going to meet with Almere
okay and we're gonna need you to
translate it and bottom after that we
are gonna see the training okay oh okay
and the training can we play with them
no no no they told me no no no okay the
first impression you get when you meet
Elmi and Nabi Olin is that he's so young
yet he's already a star of one of the
most popular Russian clubs Rubin ash
titus apalla yet the police baton
astrologer koko de Raadt see too many
things our style is boring Rubin has
twice been Russian league champions but
they didn't stop there
they also had a successful campaign in
Europe where they beat one top European
club after another including the
invincible Barcelona who they defeated
at parkas Holmgren than you can since
then Ruben has been fetid all over the
world
Bruin is one of the most important
things here in Russia and is also the
most important team here in Kazan how
did you get it and host your own
experience in the team Robin at the bash
shell Club Safari story record store is
public here I was a club of Miss Leroy
myself clitoris which Robina egg
rockstar ezra Kravitz a nepali by
maximum 90s by super villains chef
pyridine cousin got a brilliant mera
not searching below aubergine my shoe
store near of atom of support now more
energy partner store minion rubra live
as long at which blood is vanadium near
piranha trainer of code
poor follower which I have a single
choice Marshall it's marketed now
worship
Dioner Navarro parole
even though we weren't allowed to
participate in training
it was great to watch Reubens players
practicing their real pros
in 2009 Reuben was named the best team
of the year by the Russian Football
Union they were Russian champions in
2008 and 2009
they won the Russian Cup in 2012 the CIS
Cup in 2010 and the Russian Super Cup in
2010 and 2012
goodand ddmm 3 was here Catina giver
called influential are a unique
particular mental influential Islam
again defense a we say rápido que se
sienta condiment in e-collar de la
mezquita Rita in el corazon in el centro
del kremlin mañana no toka Rumbo I'll
tell you a little I can channel a
mundial yeah mi amor con lo muchachos I
wanna see like a cacao manoa kilometres
on de otra vez Sara kruzan la rally here
on Cali Toria con la política y todo ESO
marina nuestro último dia in Kazan yeah
ranked commonality no no Amos we've
saved the best and sweetest for the
morning of our third and last day in
Kazan we're going to one of the fanciest
stadiums in Russia the Kazan arena
during summer 2018 it will host six
World Cup games on June the 16th France
vs. Australia on June the 20th Iran will
face Spain on June the 24th Poland clash
with Colombia and on June the 27th the
Republic of Korea will take on
Confederations Cup winners Germany on
June the 30th the Kazan arena will host
a last 16 game and on July the 6th a
quarterfinal
Kazan arena is one of the most striking
and state-of-the-art stadiums I've ever
seen it's so high-tech the media facade
is a gigantic screen that shows what's
going on inside the stadium
what's more fans can go online with free
Wi-Fi connection anywhere in the stadium
Radek menachem it of the stadium
director was already waiting for us at
the entrance this is the main entrance
so this is the main hole home team home
teams goes on right the guest team goes
on the left
Radek took us to the inner sanctum the
players dressing-room just a few weeks
ago footballers from Portugal Germany
and Chile will warming up here before
Confederations Cup games and the
football stars entered the pitch here as
they will again in a year's time Kazan
arena is a city within a city there's so
much going on somewhere inside the
building there's a gym at a squash court
there's a luxurious restaurant with a
view of the pitch and if you drive
around the arena you'll find a craft
city for kids and be able to visit a
retro car show
45,000 people 45458 1800 it's a VIP
seats and where are they I mean here the
fourth and fifth floor and why we choose
this place because it's not like a city
center it's a bit not really far but
anyways on the site that it's on the
river where we can have also the
alternative transportation come from the
to come to this thing by the ship so
this what we are trying to do for 2004
the World Cup to have the shuttles and
if you want to go to the Kremlin how
many time do you need them to be here
like without 50 minutes Kazan arena is
well served by public transport 15 bus
routes past the stadium and there are
two tram routes and one trolley bus
route traffic allowing you can get here
from any part of the city in 15 to 20
minutes by car deal by up and who do you
see gasps Sam what's the other fur in
the city because of the World Cup
everybody is waiting because it's I
think the biggest event in the world
especially after the Confederation Cup
the people they came some of them they
came first time onto the stadium because
they never visit the football matches
and now it's a new culture which is
creating and I think it will be very big
push to bring to attract people to the
stadium we know thank you very much and
good luck with a workout come thank you
like
it seems that Radek is really fond of
his job he can talk about the stadium
all day long but as they say in Russia
first get the work done then you can
have some fun when will I get another
chance to play on the pitch where the
strongest national teams will be
competing soon garages chess program
pajama
it's ladies record I am so sure of that
we're done we're done that seemed to be
it it was time to leave but I managed to
arrange a special tour with the Kazan
arena director surprise for you oh
really
look they beat contact or a capitated
evil prytaneum good as new culture a new
identity
that's the coolest lounge I've ever seen
and I've been to many stadiums even the
format's arse box presidential now in
the Bolshoi Theater isn't a sheik oh
yeah they're gonna meet that you know
it's a mall in the lower I'm really
never too soon
Kazan is a fantastic city it's both
ancient and young Stern and cheerful
it's sporting and loves food
it's unhurried and yet always in a rush
its Muslim and Christian so many
contrasts in one city I'm really keen to
come back here and not just for the
World Cup
I just want to wander these streets and
immerse myself in the atmosphere once
more however now it's time to move on to
the next city sir ask is the smallest
World Cup host city
it's the tournament's Dark Horse
what will we discover there sport with a
national twist sir ants own flower of
fire and a real battle on ice await us
you
