hi I'm JK o Gonzales I'm a journalist
from Argentina I love traveling but
football is my cheap passion the 2018
FIFA World Cup will be held at the other
end of the world in Russia I have an
idea economy series equipment Alice
Moyer self trisomy yo mentor Russia
operations drinkin appropriate brother
Konoha day in chiquinho p.m. the pasando
be they were served it was me see you
move so they Luciano say inclusive Elvis
thing I'll go Domino sama Muhammed Ali
boxer come in the aluminum dado but we
in Momo it stood on it below you see
Toby limo
a little later Vitaly mu his friend will
join our team by Mooka I mean Muhammad
Hassan Ali together will show both the
old and the new world what to expect
from this mysterious country host of the
2018 FIFA World Cup
after Yekaterinburg we had a fun mission
inaugurate we landed it's trigonal
airport it's one of the most modern that
I've seen in Russia
there are actually two novgorod's in the
country velikiy Novgorod where there
won't be any World Cup matches and
initially as the locals call it six
matches will be held here just four
hundred kilometers from Moscow this
World Cup City is the closest one to the
capital there are many ways to get to
news Nate by car on a go Cosco motorway
about a six-hour drive trains run from
Moscow's Kirksey station if you have a
fan ID tickets are free flights from
Moscow's for new cover and da Madeira
airports depart from nizhny novgorod
almost every hour it's a one-hour flight
and a return ticket costs between three
and a half and ten thousand rubles which
plants do we have yes I have an
interview I must go to the beautiful all
of you have plants and I don't take oh
oh dojin Naga putih foot born a boy
let's edit this drew come together Ilsa
the yes name if I though
Yomi
hello Vitaly immediately left us for
some mysterious friend I wonder if they
really exist perhaps Vitaly is just
tired of us death or the taxi was
already waiting for MOOC on me we left
for a city with an unpronounceable
anyone there schinsky finally I've
managed to pronounce it it's 34
kilometers from nizhny the players of my
team Argentina will stay and train there
the local hemic stadium is one of the
six World Cup training grounds and also
the home ground of Olympians Disney no
groans football club okay maka I want to
go there okay to shoot my baby do you
know okay but I think the guys is
finishing training soon so I will try to
play with them a little bit a trois lo
que está siendo is la construction do
move Ocampo en el que puede entrar los
equipo que venga raka la copa del mundo
la noche viene el Estadio de una Concha
pero la idea is simply ala reconstruct a
dakara al mundial de Rueda mila
co-existence nuevos Torinos regular skip
opponent enough
while we were at the stadium Vitaly went
from the airport to the city centre in a
minibus to see old Turkish that all year
most perfect game Papillon Onassis class
my question was should have
international special podiatrist just no
character what she do Mitali told us
later that he and Paulina had been at
school together but in the tenth grade
she left furnish me with her family when
she recently learned vitaly was coming
to the city she promised to show him
around was gotta join you and miss Pedro
good person that is I got over here
and I thank you with London three-year
heart I sometimes do it and the picture
is there today
yes ok so Jessica though that est news
book just say yes no commas - sorry yeah
bridge of the - tour was but no Gilberto
specifically Newt Carrasco Boothroyd
another family and I've read appeals may
give seminars what cited the coffee
machine forgot the ice aquarium Takanawa
Giles disposition about soy e a lot
about soy
Lucca wasn't allowed to have a kick
around with the players while they
trained instead they let him show off
his skills on the training ground it
seems the Olympians goalie wasn't
prepared for my friend's awesome talent
after training the Olympics team coach
was waiting for me that pressure is on
diego bueno but missed my native time so
much
come with pedion xie xun extra hero
viniendo a viral food only commissary
spiracle appearance' paniolo veneer otro
tipo associated almond 1810 donde el
otro roll tambien physical return hero
been in Arusha I know no other Tercel
you may add a Toby I say el idioma Lydia
my realm entity fizzy equator equator
trabajo con una Carta he the silly okay
- realmente piensa como el or a
communicative Oh Monica con keto gone
demo Tracy own a compa guinea pig
Acciona con quattro palabra Rousseau
Quattro palabra english'
cosas de pano atonte baton TBL mundial
que raro jueves alguna impact OES a
lagoon ammonification es el gouna
influenza Perlman Bialik Avenida de
Tolosa da de la mejora de la carretera
la parola ello hardiness Elahi tal a she
owned a la Hache en ello capita per feta
there's an old coffee kiosk in across
skya street it's a pedestrian street in
the center Polina knows Batali's a
social media addict so she brought him
here for a reason
what news NEMA longer to add below
Europe this state emotional the posted
strategies but if I used Susan I love it
here in Russia but it was so nice to
chat in Spanish now it's time to go to
nish named off the road by John McCarthy
leo
there's a policeman I don't
episode are able to go visit spicy verse
topic as our interesting friend Batali's
go I'm coming we wait for our faithful
mukha it turned out he'd asked Polina to
find him a cheap hostel our hotels just
too cool mu cos the last of the big
spenders but is on a budget here in
Novgorod so let him stay where he wants
we're going for four stars mission is
one of Russia's biggest cities it's got
loads of hotels according to official
data there are some 14,000 hotel rooms
here prices for standard rooms range
from two to five thousand rubles
maja outdid himself and spent 700 rules
I'm in love with this I like this and
yeah the style here is so beautiful and
I have a nice roommate actually I don't
know what's her name yet but I'm sure
that she gonna tell
while mukha was trying to get more
intimately acquainted with his roommate
vitaly and i went for a walk
Nizhny Novgorod quinta en cuanto
población de toda Rosia ET la nation if
Novgorod el famoso porque durante los
tiempos angry so previous la revolucion
era c'est si el valle shishupai por la
cantidad a empresa fabrication duty
America a raise
kata juta meant a stereo el río Yaqui
seat se habían Mira accompany immensity
Korean acara's a atrás lo que tenemos a
silly Taleo entonces ahora la copa del
mundo Lucia DeMille dis yo Joe etiquette
a guitarist entonces el Volga Yetta beta
ETA ETA Batali the World Cup fans own
will be here on minin and pozharsky
square it will operate for ten days
during the matches English nee Novgorod
and also for the semifinals and finals
in Moscow and st. Petersburg 20,000 fans
will be able to watch games on giant
screens and enjoy the festivities
sorry John oh the chakal of stairs
russia's longest stairway is one of
ninnies symbols its 560 steps lead from
the future fanzone to the vulgar
embankment this sightseeing platform
offers breathtaking views a must for any
self-respecting camera clicking tourists
the entrance to the Kremlin is near the
stairs it's the only vestige of
antiquity left in this huge modern city
it's when Disney Novgorod was founded
almost 800 years ago these solid walls
and 13 towers protected the city from
enemies the Kremlin was erected on a
steep hill so it was virtually
impossible to take it by force a good
gesture John where's the stadium there
with a weather two rivers become becomes
one where they meet you and it's my
River on the other ear they meet there
in the stadium roster stones are mine
this is sparta
I confess I didn't expect this
industrial center would turn out to be
such a convivial and charming City I
want to take a memento of Russian
antiquity from this place then vitaly
talked us into going to Packer auger
where he'd strolled with Polina in the
morning the streets full of souvenir
shops where hock Lamar is sold its
Nizhny Novgorod
traditional form of paintings mantra
computer no Mushka bourbon I want to see
this one at lab it okay candy so suit
can take it sir candy that's for sweets
nice I don't know cuz I like it I like
the animals
we got back to the hotel in the evening
happy the worn out by all Nizhny
Novgorod Hills nanana na Jung go across
the Qatar's
traditional urs who didn't consider
coquitos Yakka depart or escena I will
finish loom ultra Clare I'm in the
middle of es una de vino de vamos a ver
mañana como continue our silly
impression Somali figure or seal
impression para man si pero lo que
sabemos de marina temporal toka eat para
le Taleo and you kiss you are viene la
copa el mundo the Nizhny Novgorod
Stadium is on a spit where the akka and
Volga rivers meets the stadium is brand
new construction began in 2015 but by
the summer of 2017 it had almost been
completed the huge arena will
accommodate more than 45,000 fans and
there are 1000 places for guests with
restricted mobility somewhere well
Natisha Lance well Venus first resistor
kugel oak envelopes porta moose vision
random boot and create a pleasure Kimmy
Couture most important popularity Muisca
Catholic Arizona's own tipo parka the
church in her shop autonomous
through it sorry Adam Mitra booth
no West and Sam Bertram struggle with us
goodness to the studio no Muslim booth
as the John in the Metro microRNA this
is minute push comp the stadiums pole is
hidden behind a translucent facade
resembling river waves inside the
stadium stairs will lead to a circular
entrance gallery for fans views from
here are fantastic the arena's perimeter
will be backlit so the stadium will be
visible at night from any of niche nice
hills what is the point
bulu diverse mitrice nanoscale
Castellanos Angelica gravis mushnick
Musa miss Westenra grand alone solitaire
Kruger column Sarawak Mahina Kapoor
visit Baraka identity stone de ana
Bishop emanates colonic associate
location in Summer 2018
Nizhny Novgorod stadium will host six
FIFA World Cup matches June 18th
Sweden vs. Korea June the 21st Argentina
vs. Croatia June the 24th England
against Panama and on June the 27th
Switzerland will play Costa Rica July
the 1st will see a game from the last 16
and the quarterfinals will kick off on
July the 6th listen I was thinking let's
make a deer who's going to chicas more
than there it is winning so pray grow it
if at you might buy listen it's a cat or
a story much cata remove easily believe
New York LA water
slobber
Mooka can do kick ups for an hour but so
as not to hurt our feelings he stopped
counting after 30
it's what Vitaly feared now he's facing
the uphill struggle of chekalov stairs
560 steps
having worked up or brother run up an
appetite we went in search of a
restaurant for a late night snack there
aren't so many open after 10:00 p.m. and
they're mostly in the center the average
bill here is from 500 to 1500 rubles
long enough circled Solana be boys what
do you wanna eat the way most occurs
from she the Buddhist traditional
Russian soup okay EDA righty-o schuko
sarahdan epitaphium recomputed retreat
so on name yellow even the waka eat
aggravation a detox beating me doing the
way to US dollar stability cylinder
the legendary all-russian Fair was held
annually in Nizhny Novgorod until the
early 20th century the restaurant we
found is in a building which 150 years
ago belong to Nizhny Novgorod richest
merchants Jia Tov you can sample
traditional Russian cuisine here for
example cabbage soup known as XI
pajersky cutlet and Guri of porridge is
something like homemade it's not like it
doesn't make you feel like you sitting
in some restaurant or something no we're
Argentine we don't know anything about
the Russian consume I thought that the
Russian kitchen it's only Romania and
blini and that's all
yeah maybe borscht but now I checked
open doing at the menu and there's a lot
of stuffs that I've never seen before
but specifically if you want to get a
handle on Russian culture then you
should definitely retrace our trip to
garages
Lucia Attica Attica do most of the ATM
cable shiny prosthetics their disease
not only promised the white equivalence
maternity is green Negros car garages
cross piece with a booster to my job
yeah skunker premier netizen my English
to be able choose grammar tip area
touched upon host Atheneum yet this is
not rs18 mr. any trial domitius can but
i missed a perfect no haha show it like
a movie the co absolutamente impossible
sa RI top porky say take up a CDP and
amigos development was a sassy who
ferocity see Charlie does the house
Alito vasilieva si si la según el
paisaje see it in tight Corrado yeah
pretty much
let's remain at the roster yet now the s
usually Roberto Roli gotcha
so even as possible on my ground as
master class masters Miami have you
certainly with seriousness a mere two
three months at the magnate the horses
ah that wasn't easy
actually it was a little bit hard but
it's so interesting I like it it's so
beautiful
engraved gingerbread is not just a
symbol of the nizhny novgorod region but
of all russia we decided to take a
master class in preparing it do they
really have an old Russian printer for
doing this dipper Menasha bring unosom
speech we prepared a merciful
we're going to scarf our gingerbread
masterpieces with a cup of tea from an
authentic Russian samovar it's so exotic
we'll continue on with the Volga cluster
next stop is the city of Kazan a
crossroads of the worlds the Kazan arena
Stadium home of Rubin a team that has
beaten mighty Barcelona and some unique
national cuisine await us
you
you
