hi i'm jay kogen solace I'm a journalist
from Argentina I love traveling but
football is my passion the 2018 FIFA
World Cup will be held at the other end
of the world in Russia I have a little
later Vitaly MUFAs friend will join our
team by Mooka I mean Muhammad Hassan Ali
together will show both the old and the
new world what to expect from this
mysterious country host of the 2018 FIFA
World Cup
almost all the Russian city is hosting
the FIFA World Cup are located quite
close to each other but it took us a
solid 24 hours to get from st.
Petersburg to Kaliningrad why did it
take so long
firstly we decided to take the train
because it's cheaper than flying
secondly the Kaliningrad region is
situated outside Russia nestling between
Poland and Lithuania yes now what we are
seeing a person or someone who Geneva
here phone to work it's O'Malley took
nam mo got my sphere the force Illinois
had really in the ocean through the mist
approach - the portable you could stop
opinio just put the Curly's mitosis lost
my GMO phenomena Kaliningrad oh the
people are who we are hey it's not a
huge if we reform apart rusev so
basically that was pretty much
everything I managed to read about
Kaliningrad during our long journey
Batali and mukha were blabbing non-stop
discussing some kind of tipsy trees
apparently what was that about this
awesome taxi manage invest in it so he
was like a steel supply jumpable at
baccarat the photo maneuver stretches
masterji of regina university system
cannot reveal
now Vitaly ordered a taxi on the
Internet every Russian city hosting the
World Cup can post free Wi-Fi in
airports and train stations soon they'll
also be Wi-Fi access on long-distance
trains Roberto's mantra to keep low with
donkey da washer gone through the period
Kaliningrad
emotional person Naboo Estrella vote
normal Jewish girl's mother is looking
out of the window my thought Kaliningrad
was a sort of small Cologne a cozy
medieval city OD the new stadium seems
like a guest from the future from a
distance it looks like a spaceship
at the moment it looks as though the
Kaliningrad arena stadium is in the
middle of a desert there San to the left
and to the right and in front of you
also sound our driver told us that a
vast amount of it have been delivered
here to accuracy Island a separate road
was specially built to avoid the city's
traffic jams asking please about stay
World Cup
well if what's the feeling of the city
for the World Cup
The Rock dudes pressure educated but
Gaddafi would champion at near a dhama
Western Hollywood history facade
revealed originality true to our guests
signature strode
today Kaliningrad is preparing to
welcome over 100,000 supporters from all
over the world by summer 2018
over 20 hotels with various service
levels and around 10,000 new parking
spaces will have been built in the city
European supporters are especially lucky
because of Kalinin grads location
they'll be able to drive to the matches
that's why special attention is being
given to building new high-quality roads
in the city
so nice hotel I'm so happy that we're
gonna live in this place because we live
in in the center of the city all the
famous places they're not far from us
everything is near and as the drivers
say that we can walk to the new stadium
it's 15 minutes away from here
what's a super drama producer your
approval is checked out to interview in
interview to discuss I have some time
let's do our stuff upstairs and we go
maybe I don't really know
zebra the metro system
for example Diego go where no any boy
our hotel is medieval in style with
water and grills and stained-glass
windows like in a Catholic cathedral but
the comfort level is certainly 21st
century Vitalik Smotrich Adarsh cough
yeah whoa scoffs mr. Jonah
sorry bro the dogfish
the hotel is in the city's most
picturesque part the fishing village
walking round here you almost expect to
hear hoof beats over the cobblestones
and baby see a knight in arms galloping
by actually Knights are an unofficial
symbol of Kaliningrad it was the
Teutonic order that founded the city
almost a thousand years ago until 1945
Kaliningrad was called Konigsberg which
means Kings Mountain and for a good
reason
German kaisers were crowned in the local
Cathedral today the authorities are
trying to restore the charm of old
Konigsberg by all means possible like
this
after talking to Valentina for a while
we learned she was a drama student and I
thought our new friend was a
professional guide well she got into the
role very fast telling us stories about
the city in its history it turns out the
fishing village was built fairly
recently this tourist attraction was
erected in 2006 here you can find
everything necessary for FIFA World Cup
visitors hotels cafes restaurants stores
souvenir shops but most importantly the
ambience here is so European to
carnivals bolas russia nadezhda gsit
teacher shoe stretchers is the robots
astro geometry teruko yes the ITTF top
washer da roca below - name three - no
go yes the fatigue generated I chose
Anna's tritanus ruski is past low etc
kotti - OH - is our host names of Bella
past let's say georgette road I chose a
nightspore luck if you want you're lucky
to be so good come on let's go upstairs
Jojo no no no really I must I must go I
must go to a stadium and please game
with me because one named Johnny
text or we GT we must Agana maybe later
we can be a comedy Williams the surest
specific Romanism format cells' relative
the vibram but we do sir this way so
yeah we have to go this way
it's a pity I'd like to go to the top of
the lighthouse too but we have a meeting
it's as if in the space of just quarter
of an hour
Mooka and I made a quantum leap from
medieval Europe into the Sahara Desert
it's a good thing it's not too hot at
Chbosky island where the stadium is
located is surrounded by water the soil
here is very wet and for the multi-ton
stadium not to subside a desert had to
be created in the middle of Europe
what's more the actio Biscay island
development project is a real gift for
the city no one was going to invest in a
swamp area even one in the very heart of
the city when the construction of the
stadium is completed there'll be a whole
new district here with parks a key and
embankments along the river
this cake resolution minagawa we're done
but they passed moderate Mileva the
movie diem Topsy Adama Raven ad revenue
Anakin good Republican past ruin my
actions not have a vehicle they are
messy Menard cetera is done here is him
not study Vietnam CC Mastiff Kotori
system ladies I got to must of Canton
New Year as Rosh Hashanah edenia sneaked
alchemists an oven at about this what
caterpillar who ate the Ostrom you Joey
the chassis one of the worst wada
blemish a while walking around his home
city the famous philosopher came up with
a mathematical problem is it possible to
walk across all the bridges that connect
the central island to the others
crossing each one only once before
returning to the departure point the
famous mathematician Leonhard Euler was
the only one to solve the complex
question with a stroke of genius it was
impossible they say another historical
figure also solve canceled Kaiser
Wilhelm the German sovereign solution
was grandiose build an eighth bridge
I started your lives to a new year -
yeah the prince punitive Oh wish you
would use to disappear I listen Alicia's
credit you want to dine I don't see the
family sure wish they immediately just
the key until City mr. know you're
feeling skinny operative the house of
Soviets is one of the city's unofficial
symbols it's a venue where young people
gather it's here in the square near the
house of Soviets that a World Cup fans
own will be set up that location is a
great choice it will only take about ten
minutes to get to the stadium from there
using the new pedestrian bridge every
single World Cup match will be broadcast
here also the square will feature food
courts and an official FIFA shop
offering souvenirs after the matches
supporters will have fun during concerts
especially scheduled for the World Cup
and entrance will be free in a given
cell olya Torre Amenti a solution el
arena gorilla grodd o una muchacha de
aquella Rankin la copa del mundo para
ver de Guerre un poco más cuáles son los
proyectos sequel esto la perspectiva
estamos punto Anton Bohr maestro's uno
de los Inca ragazze de la construction
date I see Justin Willman and I wish
miss presenta a talk-show be honourable
we do a Jewish Neera Bhutto's not listed
you wanna okhla do it's a pleat qey
first an outlet nice new facade
pinellia Aykroyd my link is clear yeah
would do param to work on couture a
great night on stage on e-text oh wow
nation ingot oh thanks our caucus Padian
now's the unit leashes gemstone salmon
300g corrosive idioms it was a signal to
Bulgaria Thomas toe Simon we're
contributing and include unit an
endoscopy Riyadh EVT ocean go so Hugo
Paloma was the progeny chimp anatomy
rosetta stone wood pieces your football
knee from his approach from most
probably tandem concern Amira pata if
the Polynesian emotion exposes druggie
with the sport on a premier motocross
later Napoli we still a hospital
Piniella Jill it's an Academy relief
Prabhu it's a saravana when you
postulate of cigarettes a polyester also
delsa got nowhere Kaliningrad stadium's
capacity is about thirty five thousand
for group stage matches as scheduled
here on the 16th 22nd 25th and 28th of
June 2018 according to Antone Burmese
drove after the end of the World Cup
10,000 seats will be dismantled in the
stadium leaving a total of 25,000 which
is more than enough for a city with a
population of about half a million after
the interview Vitaly called me saying he
and Valentina would be waiting for us in
the restaurant and asked us not to hurry
just leave earlier that corridor dose
across the here
by year morphus da it's more like a
Knights Castle than a restaurant you
feel like King Arthur I wonder if
there's a round table here in fact this
restaurant is one of the city's must-see
tourist attractions firstly it's one of
the few historical buildings that
survived bombings in the Second World
War as secondly a unique dish is served
here called the president's lunch it was
added to the menu after Russian
President Vladimir Putin enjoyed
luncheon here the Baltic eel is a
mysterious fish even though eels live in
the Baltic region
they only proliferate in the Sargasso
Sea which is closer to America than to
Europe scientists still don't know how
the tiny fish covers such huge distances
suppose it crystals huh huh
okay we are looking for the restaurant
to meet who it Batali's you know where
this I think that's the place here if
it's the restaurant if it's a restaurant
circle food let's Nick ourselves
come on No
the talent konishi it seems mukha and i
barged in on vitaly but were in
Kaliningrad for football not women
Mooka decided to try a famous local dish
the club see meatballs with caper sauce
they're served with boiled potatoes and
marinated beetroot I ordered a Pike
perch steak highly recommended
is it malicious busca was not
after dinner we were supposed to go to a
party on the rooftop of the house of
Soviets but since Kaliningrad is a
waterside city its climate changes
rapidly so rain can easily ruin your
plans so what to do is it possible to
throw an open-air party in such heavy
rain
vitaly spent the whole evening talking
to Valentina
Mooka suddenly had a bout of
journalistic enthusiasm so I was left
alone
Activia Rajesh we have Nicky Roy with
write the story a parrot so a cat or a
glove Atlanta Journal
after the night's reveling I didn't
manage to wake the guys up so I decided
to take a tour around the city on my own
today's our last day here and I still
haven't been to the Cathedral where the
great Kant is buried the Cathedral is
near the fishing village about a 20
minute walk from the stadium the guys
had some unfinished business do you
remember about the Tipsy forests they
were droning all about on the train
valentina thought it should be called a
dancing forest even though it's about 40
kilometers from the city it's well worth
a visit
Dumba the Immanuel Kant
exactamente lado de la catedral can't
you know los padres de la philosophy ah
Madonna a salut à la la la semilla
principal esta ciudad no sólo porque
nachio vvo do classes a studio amore o
en esta ciudad no por que nunca Hani Oh
el Mito cuenta que canta un tipo un
bateau de komui or donado muy estructura
doe at el punto cada dia todos los días
Aliyah Delta a la misma hora por ESO me
mo lova seen au revoir low-key shallow
canossian Sin Cara homonka dia de cuando
lo VA a pasar en Cara Garcia who star
Susan Lewis
in addition to services the Cathedral
also hosts organ recitals which are
often packed to the gills and for a good
reason
everyone wants to hear the music of the
largest organ in Europe the cathedral is
multi-confessional so Orthodox
Christians Catholics and Protestants
alike come to pray here Kodama the
yellow minion a available cartoonist or
do it's innovator of certain key points
to an approach that when a Christoper
both Maria Anna Leafs corniest
naturalistic oooooo
the pine and fir trees are bending in a
whimsical way the forest is growing at
an odd angle to the ground
it does seem a little tipsy some trunks
are even twisted up in a sort of ring
the locals still believe that if you
manage to squeeze yourself through a
wooden ring it'll grant you an
additional year of life
to be honest I didn't expect to hear my
native Argentinian tango in Russia in
Kaliningrad let alone in a Cathedral
and the signal is here just Holly ma-kun
every important the contributors in
French Oh
Alper entonces imperio russo el imperio
Procyon Oh Alicia Sarah territorio
former party Borussia and finally Sarah
Sarah a territory Oh
vamonos Arusha in a que el momento can't
dicen la vecinos al Abdullah nationally
a Rosa it a me nervous in acquaintance
I'm gonna meet a mother Lily Shane de
bois poco tiempo place han solo cuatro
años después cuando et territorial
opponent Rosa's Canonsburg volvió a man
approached iana's Assessor Karen a la
casa del Filosa filly preguntar on
Cordell meant a tiara Rosa normally
de-evolve Vera's our policy on Oprah
parece dicen que continúa can do no bajo
Lempa ponto de vista say camp univis de
nationally de mi vida no necesito any
quiero volver a salon you a chicken itto
me video gonna tow los de ho
por que me tengo que camino para la
próxima sarah vodka
from Kaliningrad
we're heading to Yekaterinburg a city
that lies where Europe meets Asia our
program will include some incredible
people you know this guy intense emotion
and even a career change
you know who I am eating all this
temporary thing
you
