hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
words have consequences and threatening
actions can be very dangerous this is
the atmosphere engulfing the West
relations with Russia the poisoning
incident in the UK has yet to be
explained to the public but this has not
stopped the British and American
governments from playing the role of
judge jury and executioner
crosstalking toxic relations I'm joined
by my guest
Charles Shoebridge in London he is a
security analyst and a former UK Army
and counterterrorism intelligence
officer in Brussels we have Annie
Michonne she is a former British
intelligence officer and writer and in
Washington we cross to James Jairus he
is a former adviser to the US Senate
Republican leadership all right as
always crosstalk rules in effect that
means you can jump in any time you want
and I always appreciate any let me go to
you first in Brussels you know the lot
you were only on last week but the more
we learn about what happened with this
poisoning incident there's only been one
thing that has been consistent Russia
did it everything else keeps changing
it's very fluid except for the
conclusion reflect upon that Annie
please
well the more we lo know the less we
know apparently because we have a
situation where one the police had to
build up an evidential chain two they
had to identify the substance three year
had to find a motive but forget all that
in terms of a classic investigation
technique within a few hours the British
media was saying it must have been
Russia because he's a Russian spy and
within a week the Russian the British
government was saying it was Russia so
we have a situation where things have
escalated out of control in hugely fast
ways and to date a month later we still
don't even know exactly how the
so-called substance was applied to these
two people it was supposed to be a
incredibly toxic substance but two of
the victims have survived and are
recovering and scrip all himself is
apparently in a stable condition and
three we still don't know what he might
have been involved in which might have
created a motive over the last eight
years since she had safe haven as a
former mi6 agent finding safe sanctuary
having a pension in the UK so the whole
thing is a mess the fact that the
British government rushed in to condemn
Russia is a mess the fact that they have
apparently shared so-called intelligence
with other
allies in order to strong-arm them into
trying to make sure that they expel
diplomats is a mess and it's just
escalating its metastasizing in a really
frightening way our international
relations yes you know you know Charles
so what one of the tragedies of all this
is that how do you walk this back
because the British government in the
American government have invested
themselves so much into this before
there was an investigation before there
was discussion of evidence it's almost
impossible for them to walk back now I
mean they've got this story and if they
can't prove they'll build us they just
trust us which fewer and dooper people
actually do that anymore they've
actually boxed themselves in and and
this is what I think is going to be very
dangerous because if evidence is we have
this chemical weapons organization if
they don't back this up okay there's
gonna be a lot of egg on a lot of
people's faces and with the political
environment in the UK that will not be
permitted go ahead Charles yes of course
some of us have argued in the past and I
know you carry yourself that of course
why would the British and the Americans
wait for an investigation because they
decided to take certain actions as we
know to put in change this as you've
pointed out largely unstoppable train of
explosions and fatah actions against
different countries taking action
against Russia why would they wait for
an investigation if there's any
possibility at all that that
investigation may not produce the
results that they want and then if they
don't produce the results that the
government wanted of course they then
couldn't take those actions what's
bizarre to me is that perhaps trying to
fend off these kind of criticisms in the
last few days the United Kingdom Kingdom
government has actually hardened its
position if you look at the statements
coming from the Foreign Office from the
British ambassador in Moscow and so on
it seems that any doubt whatsoever that
Russian government is responsible for
this has been removed British government
and the Foreign Office have specifically
explicitly said over the last few days
repeatedly so we know it's a proper
considered message there is no doubt
that the Russian government was
responsible for this but actually of
course there is a great deal of doubt
and I think people understand this not
just in Russia but also amongst European
capitals now we've
got a situation where Annie is quite
right to mention that the the suggestion
has been and certainly one that's been
carried a lot by the British media that
if European capitals some of them not
all of them have backed the British
government in its assessment publicly at
least then they must have been shown
convincing evidence and yet we can see
from the comments of for example some
German politicians and also the Czech
President himself
whilst saying he backed the explosions
because you need to stand with an ally
when he asked you to stand with them he
said very pointedly we need to see
evidence and that suggests very strongly
to me that they actually haven't been
shown evidence it
they have just backed Britain because
Britain has very pointedly asked them to
do so an allies stand with allies but
eventually Brittany's going to have to
produce some evidence and if it doesn't
you're right egg is gonna be on people's
faces I think Jim you know echoing white
where Charles did say there I think
that's really where the u.s. angle is I
think of course London was elbowing
European capitals to follow but the
Americans when they put their foot down
particularly when it comes to NATO
people begin to go I'll fall in line
what's really interesting is that the
this the media spin is that there is
unity in the Atlantic Alliance actually
the it's actually just the opposite that
there isn't a whole lot of unity there
there are members of NATO said they're
not going to expel ambassadors and
they're not going to get into this
parlay here so I mean if you were
honestly to take a look at it the the
the elbowing and pushing people around
has not been nearly as effective I think
is London in wash and they did hoped for
go ahead Jim well that's right if Peter
if Charleston and II will indulge me a
little Yankee arrogance here I've always
liked to think of the UK as our poodle
but it seems in this case the Americans
are the British poodle that they throw
these accusations out there show us no
proof whatsoever but the Americans say
well if it's good enough for our British
friends it's good enough for us and
that's what's got at least most of the
Allies going through the motions you
notice that the vast majority of Russian
diplomats that were thrown out came from
the United Kingdom from the United
States from Ukraine and then you look at
the continent one or two here and there
but by evil from each country and then
several countries like Bulgaria and
Greece that have refused to do so
I think that the United States is the
necessary muscle yet to back up the
British accusations to get these other
countries intimidated and on board but
what you know this this in a way is like
Tony Blair's swearing by the American
lies on don WMDs in Iraq except now
we're doing it just because our British
friends say so well any obviously a
great place really well into the Russia
Russia Russia a nonsense going on in the
States I mean this is one of the reasons
why people are pushing it because it
dovetails very nicely into the the the
Russian bogeyman on the stage okay
I've watched the coverage in the US on
the cable stations it hasn't gotten a
whole lot of coverage but what it does
is it's basically says well they're
there they're there they go again up to
their nasty stuff that's how it's in
played they're not nearly the same it
has been in the UK what is two resumes
ultimate goal and all of this I mean you
know over the last few days a a
anti-aircraft battalion has returned to
Germany that was withdrawn at the end of
the Cold War I mean is this where we're
gonna go here because I can tell you if
they won a toe wants to fight an flicked
with Russia will pay very dearly for it
the I always tell my viewers here listen
to the words not to the bluster because
Russia is prepared go ahead
Annie no I think it's very interesting
that yen Stoltenberg who's the head of
NATO right moment was one of the first
people to say very clearly after the UK
claimed it must be Russia that we need
to wait for proof Emmanuel macron also
did that in the first week after this
attack but France was also you know very
rapidly pulled into line to sign up and
say no no the the UK knows that Russia
carried out this attack so this is going
on I think there might be two strands
here first of all the UK wants to puff
itself up like an animal under threat to
look bigger because it's got bricks it
going on it's got potential trade Wars
going on it's being expelled from you at
its own choice so it's under threat as a
country but secondly it wants to try and
project its power through NATO so that's
what they're trying to
do I think but you know it's a major
problem for the UK because it's caught
between a rock and a hard place between
America and between the the the growing
Silk Road Eastern Bloc which is Russia
and China and let's not forget the
influence of China whatever
half the countries in the EU have said
that they are going to support the
baseless evidence free evidence light
assertions of the UK government at the
moment half the you he you countries are
not doing so but also virtually every
other country in the world is not doing
so and China has categorically said it
is supporting the Russia position that
they want to wait for evidence we are
still lacking in evidence you know
Charles I like what Danny said there
because what the mais government is
doing is its showing Europe that it's
still very important to have relations
with the UK irrespective of what's going
on with Briggs it and of course it's
proof positive that that their special
relationship with America is meaningful
because the UK will remain a surrogate
of the United States and the European
continent go ahead yeah to emphasize
Andy's point just now I mean it's the
number of countries that have pulled out
diplomats is in its twenties they're 190
odd countries in the world that haven't
pulled out diplomats and haven't backed
Britain's line on this and that's worth
considering the world is not as the West
likes to think it is EU Australia Canada
and the United States it's plenty of
other countries besides but going back
to the main question though about
motivation and one needs to think about
that Britain has a long history even as
Boyce johnson was boasting the other day
of being in the forefront of confronting
what it calls the russian menace but
this goes back across hundreds of years
in imperial times and so when we look at
the timing of this to discredit russia
just before the presidential elections
just before the World Cup coming up and
then also just before the British local
elections coming up in just a few weeks
time in which before this instant
happened opinion polls showed Theresa
May was going to do extremely badly and
now largely because the media has a
hundred percent bacter on this play in
blaming Russia that now she's starting
to ride high knows opinion polls and so
when we look at motivations concern for
this instant Britain has many
motivations and as we know of course
also has the capability to
having this out it doesn't mean Britain
did carry it out but it has the
motivation and the ability just as
Russia does
okay I'm gonna jump in here we're gonna
go to a short break and after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
toxic relations stay with our team
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter belt
remind you were discussing toxic
relations
okay let me go back to Jim and
Washington you know one of the if we can
just kind of broaden this out because I
think one of the things that's being
missed and and being lost actually are
some very fundamental principles that we
expect from the state and our media and
now those are the presumption of
innocence due process and the right to
dissent all three are under savage
attack by this this cabal of liberal
corporate media and governments okay and
these these three issues that I
mentioned are the pillar of Western
society and they're being crushed go
ahead Jim well I guess Peter I would say
welcome to the 21st century I mean
that's nice to talk about all those knee
breeches and powdered wig principles in
our Constitution that we got from our
mother country but they simply do not
apply anymore you know this was
mentioned earlier that the Brits will
have egg on their face of the proof
doesn't come out I don't expect the
proof to come out and I don't have any
reason to suppose that the OPCW will not
be as corrupted in this process as the
so-called Jim joint investigative
mechanism was on accusations against
Syria look let's look at the bigger
picture here for over a year we've had
this whole Russia collusion hysteria
going on in the United States where does
it trace back to to the Russians no -
Christopher Steele an mi6 agent who's
got a connection by the way to screw
this Orbis outfit than this fellow what
Pablo Miller is his name that that when
we look at the relationship between the
elements of the American and the R and
the British deep States the various
agencies mi6 GCHQ FBI CIA the other
groups here that have been involved in
this I would say conspiracy to not only
subvert the American election but to
make sure that our relations with Russia
stay worse and and and getting worse all
the time that this is almost in a way a
Phase two of what we've been seeing for
quite some time in terms of a political
campaign okay any I'm going to ask you a
hypothetical question and it's really
quite serious is it possible that this
incident is just a fabrication but there
is no incident because I keep looking at
what is being presented
to the public and it is so sketchy
there's no physical forensic evidence
been provided to us okay I mean there's
even talk that this yulia's a Facebook
page was accessed when she was in the
coma or something like that I mean what
happens is and we're not given
information to the public then you start
kind of rattling your brain like well
what does this all mean here I mean it
seems to me that this is what's
happening this is how this this whole
process is being presented to the public
but it does create an enormous amount of
doubt at least in some people and I
think if you look at the comments under
articles written about this there's an
enormous amount of skepticism and then
they either stop comments or they delete
all of the comments I'm not convinced
the public is so on board with this go
ahead and I don't think there is a huge
amount of trust no and I've in fact I've
been advice on to other media outlets in
the UK to discuss this why does 70 or
80% of their respondents not trust what
the media is saying the the hosts of the
shows are absolutely astonished and
actually why should they not be
astonished after the mess of the weapons
of mass destruction with Iraq and other
lies that have happened around
intelligence you know torture
extradition all the rest of it so this
is within a context a wider context over
the last two decades of distrust of what
our governments what our intelligence
what a military tells us that's why
people are not trusting what's going on
at the moment in this particular case
yes there has been an absolute death of
of any form of intelligence any form of
evidence any form of information from
the medical team trying to care for
scribbles so of course people are going
to be questioning this and there has
been a lot of very hard evidence coming
out about what the port and down
scientific Institute might be doing what
other Institute's around the world might
be doing I mean evidence you mean
published in a magazine called the New
Scientist which is a very prestigious
scientific magazine in the UK where
scientists have come together and said
actually these so-called Nava chalk
family of of agents might and have been
replicated around the world
over the last couple of decades and it's
certainly over the last decade when they
they were formula were published by the
guy who blew the whistle when he
defected to America so we have a
situation where all this information is
out there in the world so for a UK
government who immediately immediately
say it must be Russia it could only have
come from Russia because this was
developed under the Soviet Union in the
1970s it's so specious of course people
are suspicious right you know Charles
you know in all of this you know what
was what is the may government and the
Americans what do they expect Russia to
do under these circumstances if they are
not presented evidence of their guilt
they're just supposed to say they're
guilty I've never that is childish I
mean I have no I can't comprehend why
they would even do that it's like it's
like the maze government is talking to a
wall it doesn't want to reply it doesn't
want any kind of dialogue here so what
are the what do they expect the Russians
to do
go ahead Charles well of course they
expect the Russians to do as they have
done there because the Russians have had
no alternative but to act in a way as to
say well we are the accused party until
you provide us with some kind of
evidence we aren't in a position to be
able to comment on that and then Russia
has taken that further by saying but hey
why don't we get bearing in mind the
circumstances of this why don't we
actually have a joint investigation
where we can put our input in there and
that may actually come to haunt the
British side that they haven't actually
taken up this opportunity because of
course in the last day or so details of
another potential motive in this case of
emerge it's been emerged for example
that Ullaeus crippled only a couple of
days before this poison attempt was made
on her and her father something like two
hundred thousand dollars came into her
account from the sale of her father's
house through his divorce and yet also
it seems that only last year her brother
who died supposedly in mysterious
circumstances was the beneficiary
initially of that money and so here if
these are reports
this could start to really ring panics
alarm signals for British government
that actually oh here we actually have a
potentially alternative motivation for
this kind of killing if for example this
kind of drug could be obtained and we
hear from the reports that the people
concerned had high links to Soviet in
Soviet days intelligence officials and
so therefore it may well be that there
is a reason for us to ever join Russian
and British investigation certainly
going back to what you said about the
investigation itself the police have
been extraordinarily quiet on this
there has been no CCTV issued there's
been no descriptions issues and so on
I would say perhaps the defender British
police are if it's possible on this they
may be keeping their cards close to
their chests because they may be acutely
aware of the political pressure that
they are likely to placed under if
there's any suggestion that the inquiry
is not going the way the government
wants after all as I mentioned earlier
the British government has said without
doubt there is no alternative to Russian
government being blamed so people have a
right to ask what chance therefore is
there of a non-political pressurised
British police investigation of even
considering alternative motivations and
possibilities you know Jim just from
what Charles said right there sounds
like you know the British authorities
the the police authorities sound like
the FBI at during the American campaign
intensely politicized corrupt okay again
I was talking about some of the major
features of the rule of law and it seems
to be tumbling down all over again
because you've already drawn your
conclusion and you work backwards okay I
was in graduate school for a long time
that's called bad science and it's
actually immoral go ahead Jim it is and
frankly Peter I think that's the the the
charitable way to interpret that yeah
we're on TV
jumping we're on TV well I would say I
would tend toward the other thing is
that the people making these accusations
themselves do not believe them and in
fact know that they are not true and if
I were in the Russian shoes and it's not
my job to give them advice but instead
of saying well we didn't do it where's
the proof we want to enjoy an
investigation I would turn around say
look these two Russian citizens were
poisoned on your tear
Great Britain within 10 miles of your
top chemical weapons facility unless we
hear otherwise we presume you're
responsible for this
we demand proof that you're not look
this idea that somehow
the British are just sort of jumping to
a conclusion I think as much to fair
here and to fair to the American
government as well I think there's a
deliberate provocation going on I do too
and that they know that they're making
false charges
just as is in the case of the WMDs in
Iraq I think most of the people making
those accusations knew full well that
Saddam Hussein did not have WMDs but
they were making the accusation anyway
because it served their purpose well Jim
they never would have invaded if there
were weapons of mass destruction that's
logical okay they never would have done
it that's why they did it because they
weren't there Annie you told me before
on this program that said ok was under
the protection of the British
authorities is there good to be any kind
of snafu about that they were actually
supposed to be protecting him right of
course I mean he was a high-value agent
and asset working in Russia for ten
years he was reporting agent names back
to mi6 so people keep calling him a
double agent he wasn't he was a British
agent right who'd been turned and
betrayed Russia so that's the situation
that he was in but you know the Russians
rinsed him clean of information before
they released him of course
mi6 rinsed some team of information of
course when they received him that's why
they allowed him to go free pensioned
him off bought my house and allowed him
to live an open life so you know again
in terms of motivation why on earth
would the Russians try and kill this guy
now when he's been you know free for
years he'd been rinse clean for years I
would avoid said for many years and I
think Charles would probably agree with
this that in terms of motive it's going
to be down to something he would be
working in now in the last eight years
where he's been living in the UK now if
he was involved in the Christopher steel
dossier that might lead to motivation he
might have been working with other
people as well
we just don't know I would hope that the
intelligence agencies and this the
police would be investigating those
leads at the moment try and work out who
actually might have had a motive to try
and carry out
any-any I mean let me go to Charles here
I mean I mean considering we've all said
on this program I mean the authorities
are not looking for alternative under
motives because it once you instantly
say you have the culprit there's no it's
like OJ Simpson okay you know he did it
okay
and and you know why would the
authorities look for the the killer of
his wife and her friend I mean they know
he did it okay and in this case here
they've already determined the outcome
so why would they why would they even
look for alternatives Charles go ahead
well it may be I mean with the British
police's is perhaps one of the least
politicized police forces in the world I
speak as many years as having worked in
the British police and of course I know
full well they can be susceptible to
political pressure and it can't you
can't imagine a situation of where
there's more political pressure than
this where the government is declared
absolutely certainly that Russia did it
but it may well be that one of the
reasons why they rush to take action
before the police investigation is
because they actually suspect there may
be a chance the police investigation
won't prove their case and certainly I
think the police will be wanting to look
at alternatives if only to dismiss them
and so we even know it I agree with what
yours is the logic of what you're saying
that it seems that the government has
without any doubt already come to its
conclusions before any investigation we
should wait as should the British
government of waited of course an
American government and all those that
have followed it should await the
outcome of the British investigation and
then leave for necessary we can pick
holes in and see where they went wrong
or where they've gone right but let's
await the British investigation and
let's wait to see what the OPCW says
although I suspect no matter what the
British investigations say it'll to be
spyware disappointment when the report
comes out we're gonna have you all back
again many thanks and I guess in London
Brussels and in Washington and thanks to
our viewers for watching us here RT see
you next time and remember crosstalk
rules
