at the US has stepping up a trade
standoff with China Washington has drawn
up a list of 1300 Chinese products that
could be subjected to tariffs now the
announcement came a day after Beijing
imposed duties on US food imports the
new US list mentions Chinese
construction machinery agricultural
equipment and consumer electronics it
has so far not been finalized by the
Trump administration goods are worth
around fifty billion dollars each year
now the Chinese embassy in Washington
has condemned the Trump administration's
tariffs list and vowed to retaliate
economist Richard wolf told us that the
trade dispute could have far-reaching
implications for the world economy all
of this disruption of the world trade is
the theatrics of mr. Trump all the
responsibility all the blame from
whatever happens we'll begin with the
decision of mr. Trump to break from the
negotiated working out deals that have
been made in the past to present himself
as an infinitely better deal maker this
is about domestic political theater it's
not a solution to the underlying
economic problems of the United States
the Chinese will retaliate to make sure
that that is not the case
the Chinese have all kinds of economic
leverage on the United States and my
guess is if you keep provoking them in
the way that mr. Trump thinks is useful
for him politically they will look at
all of their weapons there is no way to
know how this works out all we have is
much greater uncertainty much greater
danger in the world economy than we did
before mr. Trump began this approach
