I speak to a corresponding rank as Dave
has also been across this story has just
broken and I'm very curious to get the
the my new sure of this because it
sounds very significant important down
saying that they can't be certain they
can't prove that this was a Russian
chemical military grade chemical I mean
maybe they're still sticking to highly
likely exactly where do we stand it as a
certainty
well I was talking to chemists working
for the Russian Ministry of Defense a
few days ago while they they agreed that
you know Nova choc for example any
substances complex is the Nova choc
group of viral agents nerve agent sorry
they cannot be made in a basement it it
requires years of experience it requires
a professional laboratory it requires
dedication and money to make a nerve
agent any sort of nerve agent more
complicated than VX the Novikov group
which is sixty odd different nerve
agents they would require a laboratory a
proper laboratory to make but with
regards to identifying the origin of
this substance well they've all but said
that they believe this is knowledge of
Boris Johnson you know if we remember on
the 4th of March when Sergei scrapple
and his daughter were poisoned with this
substance two days later you had Boris
Johnson in Parliament promising to
retaliate against Russia if there was
any proof at all and he said they said
of Putin's smug response showed Russia's
guilt well exactly and this was this was
a huge campaign that lasted for weeks
and culminated in the expulsion of 200
odd diplomats a hundred odd Russian
diplomats and a hundred diplomats from
the countries that expelled Russian
Russian diplomats so Russia kicked out
tit for tat
one diplomat for every one of its own
that was expelled from any odd country
but Russia blamed Britain for this they
said there was no evidence there was no
proof no discussion it was just a few
days after the incident that
in all likelihood Russia did this and in
fact in in the media we had this huge
from the early days from when we found
out that Sergey scrape out was the
victim that he was an mi6 double agent
who was also formally a Russian agent
from the moment we found out who he was
there was an endless ceaseless tirade of
accusations against Russia
the government has concluded that it is
highly likely that Russia was
responsible for the act against Sergei
an julia script so how likely is that
the 2018 election is going to be
compromised by russia it's it's highly
likely that they will be doing something
we just don't know how much and when
we're in the high-confidence assessment
that was released this past october the
intelligence community made very clear
that this was activity directed by the
highest levels of the russian government
what Russia is doing when it comes to
cyber warfare not only their
interference now proven in the American
presidential campaign properly in their
own own referendum last year we didn't
have the evidence for that
the conclusion that the russian state
was probably involved in the murder of
mr. Litvinenko is deeply disturbing
and just to kind of back up what our
correspondent Tennessee a chicken it was
saying in London even just today that
the UK press had been having a real
field day I mean this is real great
fodder for the tabloids in terms of
their theories of how Russia was
involved and you know how that many
tentacles had wrapped itself around this
story if portent down comes answers
would you know we can't prove that it
was Russia even if they believe it was
Russia it means that it's just as likely
to have in the UK or anyone else that
means surely the whole argument from a
legal point just falls apart doesn't it
well the thing with Nova chock is that
as I said it is not a single nerve agent
it is a the name of a subgroup of nerve
agents and it wasn't only Russia that
was researching these for example back
in the 90s many a number half a dozen of
formas chemists who were working on nova
chalk was claimed that they were working
on nova chalk they emigrated from Russia
they left with the formula with the
formulas that they knew with various
texts with various information and they
by you know all appearances they settled
in different countries and they could
well have shared the Novikov formula
some of the substances in the Nova Chowk
group but the interesting thing here is
that the Russians the Russian chemists
who I spoke to military chemists they
said that almost every country with
significant about two dozen countries
with you know significant advanced
chemical labs they research and they
synthesize these nerve agents if nothing
else then to be able to make an antidote
to protect themselves or in some cases
they may weaponize them the thing with
the OPCW the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons is there
are no inspections so every member
merely declares what they have declares
what they're going to destroy and after
that there are no inspections so all of
these laboratories across the world in
the United States and Russia the United
States by the way has still not
destroyed its chemical
so that says it'll do so by 2023 it's
all based on based on trust but there is
there is also a clause that says you can
research and you can synthesize nerve
agents so long as it isn't to weaponize
them so long as you're doing them for
research well trust exactly exactly
but the thing with Nova Jacque is that
many countries were working on this
nerve agent synthesizing it
we have various publications where the
formula for various nova choc nerve
agents have been published we have
Iranians Americans British
Czechoslovakia many others who have
researched and who have synthesized this
this nerve agent but the thing is to be
able to because they said that this was
nova choc in the early days and they won
on well almost than they won on a few
days later i believe they mentioned nova
talk specifically the thing is to be
able to identify a substances you take
this substance you measure it in a
special machine which looks at its
molecular formula and there's a vast
library it's publicly accessible most
countries share these libraries there's
a vast library of information about
these chemicals so you put a chemical in
it it'll break it down and if it's in
this list then it'll tell you exactly
what it is by the looks of it the
British already knew what nova choked
the nerve agent or one of the nerve
agents and the nova truck subgroup was
they had the information about it to get
that information though you have first
have to have synthesized the drug the
nerve agent so you have to have produced
it to be able to tell what are these and
this is the thing that the these Russian
chemist I was talking to say gave
Britain away they couldn't have
identified the substance that quickly
without having had it themselves so so
you know there's there's a lot of
there's a lot of ways to look at this
some very interesting context appreciate
the analysis stem I guess they're with
me in
studio let's bring it a guess now let's
get some more opinion on this journalist
broadcaster Neil Clark joins me so I
mean this information is just come in
this reported statement from a lab
representative it was enable Neil to
identify the origin of the Navi Chak
agent at this point though I don't know
what the subsequent government response
will be I presume though they will say
well even if we can't prove it it's
still highly likely
so does that actually lessen Russian
culpability or not I think it does I
think I think what we've had in the past
three weeks really is a hysterical
witch-hunt we've had a trial by a media
basically the political and media
establishment I have actually blamed
this on Russia is gone form it could be
Russia - it's highly likely - Russia -
of course it was Russia and that's been
the line taken by newspaper journalists
writers etc commentators on the BBC
editors of newspapers and it's not true
this is fake news because it certainly
is not proven that it came from Russia
you've actually said today you've got
the porting down scientists saying that
they cannot prove that this substance
affinity was not a jock came from Russia
the original wording of course Theresa
Mays parliamentary statement three weeks
ago was it was an invasion of a type
developed by Russia which is very very
difficult saying it actually came from
Russia and as you just said there in
your report several countries are able
to make this stuff and so it could be
any number of countries who actually was
responsible for this or even a non-state
actor so I think it's quite interesting
really what we've got we've got the
scientists on the one hand who are
saying look we can't say this was from
Russia we can't prove this was from
Russia and yet we've got the political
the neocon political establishment and
there and the journalists in the New
York on newspapers at the Times
newspaper etc though and who are
translating this is in - of course it
was Russia and I think we're going to
have to see quite a few apologies from
people now because what's happened is
been quite appalling as a journalist and
I'm absolutely ashamed kneel of the
standards the way the standards have
slipped in my country in my profession
and the be taught by people reporting as
to present back things which are really
some positions I mean the fact that
important down the government can't
prove it was Russia doesn't mean it
wasn't Russia it also doesn't mean that
it wasn't some other country and surely
the fact they've nobody can prove
anything yeah actually that's not enough
to go forward with any kind of sanctions
or expulsion of diplomats will the
government be under pressure to walk
this backwards you think there's enough
momentum behind them that this stays to
keep on well I I think the opposition
now should be holding the government to
account just think back to three weeks
ago when he was Jeremy Corbyn the Labour
leader who actually said you know
where's the evidence I want to see the
evidence if I can
and he said that he asked whether Russia
had been given a sample and he was hound
if he was absolutely attacked by the
neocon attack dogs the feral attack dogs
in the media for being a traitor even
further questioning for saying look can
we see some evidence and then he sort of
backtracked a little bit and he actually
supported expanding Russian diplomats
which was wrong because if you cannot
prove something how can you then go out
there and punish Russia whatever
happened to the presumption of innocence
the burden of proof so I so I think that
really what we've seen in the last three
weeks in Britain is being really quite
alarming really on on a number of levels
the way that the government has accused
Russia of doing something which they
didn't have the proof we've had a real
escalation of the diplomatic tensions
between Russia and Britain why we've
seen expulsion please in Britain not
only expelling Russian diplomats kneel
that they've been trying to pressurize
other European countries to expel
Russian different mats - and they
haven't got the proof what I've said all
along so I think what should happen now
is your position should call for an
emergency debate on this in Parliament
and I think they should be called for
the resignation of the very Prime
Minister to resume and the Foreign
Secretary Boris Johnson I think this is
very important now well you mentioned
Boris Johnson because you know some
people have kind of got all in as a as
I've tended to say on this script piled
casement Boris Johnson went so far as to
say it was overwhelmingly likely that
Vladimir Putin ordered the nerve agent
attack here so they've kind of really
put all of their eggs in this one one
basket
you can't realistically see someone like
Boris Johnson backing down on this is
this suddenly become like a very public
battle to the end in terms of political
careers absolutely
they I think Boris Johnson is an
absolute disgrace to Britain and as you
say he's gone so far down this line now
of accusing Russia they should be very
very difficult him to come out now and
say oops I'm sorry I went ahead of
myself we actually haven't got any proof
because then of course he would have to
resign in the government too so I think
it's very important now what happens I
think the opposition Jeremy Corbyn was
right but the very start to be skeptical
about this and to ask evidence he there
unfortunately and add himself to be
bullied to go on the back foot and then
to kind of take a more anti-russian lie
which was wrong when we hadn't had the
evidence so I think Jeremy called me now
has got a great opportunity and labor to
make capital out of this and to say that
what's happened is the government have
presented something as a matter of fact
which wasn't fact and that we're back we
went we really went back to the Iraqi
WMD story again didn't we and as you
said it's no proof that it isn't Russia
but there's no proof that it is Russia
and of course we also got to look at
motive very important in this motive
does come into it who had the motive to
commit this attack Russia President
Putin had he wanted to kill sir Geiss
cripple had plenty of time to do so
whence cripple was in a Russian jail why
on earth would he want to do this just
before well three months before the
World Cup in Russia and when Bill
Browder the the very anti Russian figure
was going to address the House of
Commons the MPs calling for tougher
sanctions as two days later why on earth
would you want to do it at this
particular time that the timing is very
very important and I think what we now
need is to hold the government to
account of what they've done and the
media to the media played an absolutely
crucial role in all of this I've lost
track of the number of articles I've
read in the last three weeks the British
press saying you know evil Putin he's
he's trying to poison people on the
streets of Britain how appalling it is
we should take the world cup away from
Russia we should do this and that so I
think a lot of people know about egg on
their face and I think it's up now for
the Jeremy Corbyn and the opposition to
hold the Gov
properly to account and in fact we ought
to be holding the journalist to account
to propagated this is fake news really
and just finally before we let you go
and get an update from our correspondent
Neil oh I'm just reading the stories as
it's breaking now and it was the head of
important down the Britain's military
research center there he actually
refused to comment on whether the lab
itself had produced or maintained stocks
of this nerve agent I mean you can't
read too much into that but it's a
strange one is think we've clarify a lot
if the chief of port and Dan just came
out and said look we've never
synthesized this this chemical it
answers a lot of questions you don't
have to be Sherlock Holmes or her core
power to realize that important down to
identify this Neil as another jock they
would have to have some substances that
some examples have not much of
themselves so in other words how on
earth were without that would they know
it was not a jock so it's and I think
the refusal to answer that question is
quite revealing clearly that brought
down problem on you know I did have
normal job that's why they identified it
there's not a jock and that raises other
questions such as could possibly some
stock about missing could there being
some smuggling going on could survive
scribble have been involved directly or
indirectly with this and of course
Portland down as we know is about
several miles down the road where the
poisoning took place so I think it is
highly significant Roley that you've got
the government chemical weapons
laboratory literally down the road from
where this incident took place so
there's a lot of questions here to be
asked Neil this week really a lot of
scenarios that are possible and we need
to be discussing them openly and not be
shouted down by people who are screaming
that we're traitors or we're not
patriotic simply for questioning but for
wanting evidence and that's been the
problem with the media and their
political class in the last three weeks
in Britain it's been quite hysterical
it's been a witch hunt and I think now
that brought down to come out and say we
can't prove this was Russia I'm
hopefully now we're going to get people
going to actually if not apologized but
actually to get a bit more sanity
involved in this debate yeah just to add
to that I should say that the head of
warden down has said that there's no
ways the quote that this could have come
from us or left the four walls of our
facility but then wouldn't comment on
whether they'd act
chillie synthesized the new Beijing than
of themselves okay we wrap things up
they appreciate your time journalist
broadcaster near Clark is
