a special session of the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
is due to be held Wednesday Moscow
called for the meeting over the
poisoning of former double agent sergey
scrap out and his daughter yulia in the
UK the organization has said that some
of the questions posed by russia could
be answered as early as this evening
while several british media outlets have
come up with theories of their own and
sea jerking it breaks down some of them
for us tomorrow will actually mark the
one-month anniversary since this
crippled saga started yet we haven't
seen any real proof and russia is still
waiting for that with open arms and
while all of this has been unraveling
we've certainly seen the press here in
the UK living it up with catchy
headlines and deciphering curious
details of what could have happened with
this whole incident one of the ones
that's been circulated circulated around
recently one about a so-called secret
bank account there's been reportedly
stories going around that yulia scrap
all the daughter of sergei scrapple who
has been in coma with him as in the
hospital she had gained access just a
bit days before the poisoning to about
two hundred thousand dollars this was
connected to her deceased brother who
had died a year ago and the media have
been talking about whether or not this
has any connection to what happened with
them some reports have been suggesting
that he was in a car crash others
suggested that he had experienced liver
failure while being on a holiday to st.
petersburg with his wife at the time
with questions being asked about whether
his death could have been connected to
this cripple poisoning with potentially
people trying to be looking for the
whereabouts of sergei scruple himself so
lots of questions about the family going
around but certainly some details
circulating that are doing not very much
but raising eyebrows
including one of my personal favorites
something that's been dubbed the serial
mystery about a one-pound bag of
buckwheat or porridge that apparently
allegedly reportedly Yuliya scruple had
asked a friend of hers to bring to the
UK because it was her father's favorite
breakfast and whether or not that
porridge could have had something to do
with the poisoning so certainly lots of
details going around with people
expecting answers more information
really keeping the narrative of the
story going well yet of course we're
wait waiting to see any official
findings including from the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
and from Julia scruple again like I said
herself who is said to have regained
consciousness and certainly people are
waiting to see what she will have to say
his father being no evidence presented
to back up London's claims some
countries and organizations have been
quick to side with the UK expelling
Russian diplomats NATO there's no
exception ordering seven Russian
diplomatic staff to leave its HQ versus
deputy foreign affairs minister and
former permanent representative to NATO
told us the whole scrupled affair was
likely devised to boost military
spending I think this whole script our
case was concocted to prepare public
opinion for the ever increasing amounts
of money being spent on the military at
present the military budgets of European
NATO members put together total
approximately 270 billion if they
achieve the 2% target that some will
come to four hundred billion that would
be ten times more than Russia's military
budget obviously such whopping amounts
of money being spent on the military are
liable to be the subject of heated
public debate to make sure this goes
down well you need the image of an enemy
and a powerful one at that so it's
crystal clear that this huge provocation
that was carried out by the UK was
intended to achieve this goal which is
to add fuel to the flames of russophobia
which has recently begun to peter out as
people have simply got tired of it
having expelled Russian diplomats NATO
is soaring off the branch there sitting
on as it were I can't believe they don't
realize they're in this turbulent time a
lack of proper communication between the
two powers in Europe
could potentially bring about very
dangerous consequences
