thousands of women rallied in Yemen on
Monday against the actions of the
saudi-led coalition they came out to
express their anger following the
alleged rape of a local girl according
to several Yemeni NGOs a soldier
fighting in the saudi-led coalition is
responsible for the crime at the same
time as the rally a coalition airstrike
on a port claimed the lives of several
civilians
that is in history we were at home
having breakfast all safe and sound when
the coalition hit the apartment building
our neighbor was in his car and he left
it and ran when he came to take his
family the second strike hit women were
running in all directions
it was a huge strike
the news of the airstrike comes days
after the US defense secretary told
reporters that the Pentagon is advising
Saudi Arabia on how to avoid civilian
casualties in Yemen the US has a long
history of supporting the coalition
including weapons sales Daniel Hawkins
has more the Yemeni Civil War has been
described as the worst man-made
humanitarian crisis in decades little
surprise all parties involved want a
swift effective resolution also they say
we will continue to work together for
the stability of the region also
reinvigorated urgent efforts to seek a
peaceful resolution to the war in Yemen
perhaps this support is part of the
whole ending the war plan the peaceful
resolution may come later an attempt in
the US Senate to limit military supports
ultimately failed some will argue that
American troops are not out there
shooting and getting shot at well please
tell that come to the people of Yemen
whose homes and lives are being
destroyed by weapons marked made in the
USA on targets chosen with US assistance
general mattis argues that sending less
arms to the region could actually do
more harm than good
an interesting tape given that Amnesty
International drew precisely the
opposite conclusion citing a correlation
between arms flows into the conflict
hotspot and mounting civilian casualties
the question though of how exactly the
US military insures their support stays
in line with US values remains open
does sit calm track the purpose of the
missions that it is refueling what
targets it strikes and the results of
the mission senator we do not okay on
the upside according to ambassador Tula
the Saudis are making progress and
learning lessons from their US
counterparts we've provided training to
the Saudis in law of armed conflict how
to conduct operations in a way to make
absolutely certain that you're taking
all necessary measures to avoid any
collateral
damage and we see now that the Saudis
are starting to slowly adopt some of the
measures that we've suggested to slowly
perhaps for the people of Yemen with
ever louder warnings about the ongoing
catastrophe falling on deaf ears a
former CIA officer told us that the u.s.
Saudi arms deals have an enormous impact
on the plight of civilians in Yemen the
idea that it's civilians who continue to
pay the price the heavy price in Yemen
is simply unacceptable whether or not
it's Saudi whether or not it's American
lead American controlled or even
American advised that is no excuse in
the end one of the big problems of
course is the recent American deal with
the Saudis selling them twelve point
five billion dollars in arms I mean the
Americans may try to stay at arm's
length but frankly they are involved
it's their weapons that are being used
they do have a very strong influence on
the Saudis and the problem right now is
that the Americans seem to be just fine
with allowing this to continue to play
out as it has for them to turn around
now and tell the Saudis that they have
been killing civilians when in fact the
Americans and others too frankly have
had similar problems in other war zones
including Syria may be very difficult
for the Americans to do or say anything
about that
