fight fake news that's the mission
statements of the largest local
broadcasting corporation in the US and
it's requiring it's anchors to read out
a scripted message to back that up the
Sinclair group which is known for its
conservative stance earns almost 200
stations across America it sent out a
memo telling anchors to read out a
statement during their news programs the
script attacked the quote troubling
trend of irresponsible one-sided news
stories plaguing our country here's how
it looked the sharing of biased and
false news the broadcaster states the
project served no political agenda
however the initiative has drawn outrage
across the mainstream media and many are
saying the message supports Donald
Trump's narrative that some popular
outlets are spreading fake news the
president has also stepped into the spot
to defend the Sinclair Group he
described CNN and NBC as a dishonest
fake news networks while telling news
organizations what to say and do is no
accusation that we've heard before as
Jacqueline Birgit explains Russian media
is a beacon of honesty truth and
integrity we work hard to maintain our
outstanding level of work unlike foreign
outlets who lie I love Putin no static
my mana is mhh a lot of Irish okay spicy
with Irish that's the assumption many in
the West make about Russian media fully
controlled broadcasts with anchors and
correspondents forced to read
pre-prepared scripts no details left a
chance so much of it is state-funded
after all but in the u.s. where so many
channels are corporate owned it must be
different right
the Sinclair Broadcast Group which owns
almost 200 television stations and
broadcasts on around 600 channels
proudly proclaims in its mission
statement that it provides stories that
make a difference the kids are successes
content choices where loads protect and
empower our audience on all platforms
well and its recent promos there's not
much of a choice or a difference it
seems the sharing of biased and false
news as you can see anchors from
different channels reading the same
script there which was by the way leaked
to some media outlets and it looks like
they only had to fill in their names
hi I am a and I am be our greatest
responsibility is to serve our Northwest
communities and if you look closely
you'll notice an absence of certain
colors in their wardrobes that's no
accident they were given specific
instructions on how to dress in order to
look neutral the goal is to look a
political neutral nonpartisan yet
professional black or charcoal suits for
men females should wear yellow gold
magenta sign but avoid red blue or
purple because everyone knows that
magenta is the color that gives you and
your bias away
apart from these promos Sinclair also
distributes what's known as must run
segments to their stations so while the
propaganda finger is so often pointed at
Russia it looks like we actually have
quite a bit to learn starting with my
wardrobe
