hundreds of people on the Gaza Strip
turned out on Monday for the funeral of
a victim of clashes with Israeli
soldiers the violence which started last
Friday has resulted in at least 16
deaths and nearly 300 injuries according
to UN figures on Saturday the Israeli
Defense Force tweeted that none of their
actions were uncontrolled and they knew
where every bullet landed however that
statement was later deleted from their
social media page one incident that
sparked outrage is seen in this video it
purports to show an idea of soldier
detaining a Palestinian toddler in her
brawn Israel says the incident was a
provocation intended to portray its
forces in a bad light they say the boy
was sent to throw stones and had a
screwdriver in his hand with which he
attempted to stab the officers we spoke
to relatives of the boy involved zero
Duggan was playing with other children
when an armed man assaulted him and
insulted his mother there is no
justification for arresting a child and
hitting him against the wall the child
was carrying a kitchen knife but such a
young child could not hurt anyone
he's only two-and-a-half years old my
brother was playing and the soldiers
just took him he's only two and a half
years old he can't even talk yet I went
and pulled him from the hands of the
soldier and gave him to my father
