hi I'm JK Gonzalez I'm a journalist from
Argentina I love traveling but football
is my passion the 2018 FIFA World Cup
will be held at the other end of the
world in Russia I have an idea to learn
it a little later
Vitaly MUFAs friend will join our team
by Mooka I mean Muhammad Hassan Ali
together will show both the old and the
new world what to expect from this
mysterious country host of the 2018 FIFA
World Cup
you go see reports all box had
a leading rescue three thousand three
stations my second day in Russia started
early by 6:00 a.m. we were on the go
after a short metro ride mukha Vitaly
and I got a Komsomolskaya square known
in Moscow as the square of the three
railway stations we are off to San
Petersburg for the Confederations Cup
final the high-speed saps and train runs
from Moscow to st. Petersburg from
Leningrad ski station 15 trains every
day between 6 a.m. and 9 p.m. it takes
about four hours to get to some
Petersburg ya readings of beat here
for the 2017 Confederations Cup they
gave around 160,000 free train tickets
to football fans during the World Cup
there will be more trains and more fans
but free tickets will only be available
for overnight trains fans won't pay any
extras even bed linens included to claim
a ticket you register a tickets don't
transport 2018 dot-com enter your game
ticket or reservation number + fan ID
number and date time and location of the
match tickets are distributed on a
first-come first-served basis but we
should mention they'll be more fans and
free tickets as they say in Russia
whoever wakes up first gets to wear the
slippers
when I'm with you
great
the train from Moscow's leningradsky
station arrived at Muscat ski station in
st. Petersburg as we got there at 11
a.m. one hour before a hotel check-in
time we decided to take a stroll through
downtown st. Petersburg Moscow ski
station is located at the beginning of
nevsky prospekt st. petersburg's main
boulevard
we stepped out onto Nevsky Prospekt in
the midst of a football frenzy some
Pete's getting ready for the
Confederations Cup tomorrow
Chile will play against Germany at the
Crystal Ski Stadium perhaps it's a dress
rehearsal for next year's tournament
some petersburg strikes you immediately
with its special atmosphere a spirit of
freedom and creativity your stroll down
nevsky prospekt duck into obscure side
streets its innumerable canals bridges
and parks makes a peep picture-perfect
the weather here is the way Diego
yeah the whites yeah I'm going to have a
drop
let me try it okay okay I will cross the
chili Oprah
well this Vidal the hell rather
silico and book
as Colchis me yeah oh yes battery with
me an s hospitable warme Grom now which
is not awful chill
civil dobro after mu forgot his portrait
done by the Rembrandt of st. Petersburg
we continued on our way if you haven't
got much time for sightseeing just
taking nevsky prospekt where the city's
most famous monuments and buildings are
Kazan Cathedral zingers house and a
niche coffe palace did you realize how
beautiful is this that gate stroll down
Nevsky Prospekt and you'll soon get a
palace square sight of the country's
most famous museum the Hermitage just
100 years ago the Emperor himself was
ensconced in the Winter Palace as they
called it back then it's impossible to
see all it's 3 million works of art in
one day it would take a minimum of three
days just to walk around all its flaws
that's the Winter Palace now yeah I
remember
let's go in time where no no crime sushi
we just arrived we take a walk in the
city we're so tired
no do go please not taken you do meet
Authority no but today but I need money
okay not today but what must go we will
so you go to your place we go to our
place okay I'm we meet yeah see ya Oh
st. Petersburg is a tourist City in the
city center there's a hostel in almost
every building so finding a cheap place
to stay isn't a problem a double room
near grip nord canal cost the guys just
twelve hundred rubles but i decided to
splurge on a hotel room nearby a posh
suite set me back six thousand rubles
when we arranged to meet it started
pouring we canceled our stroll some
petersburg is famous for its sudden and
prolonged downpours
I was stuck in the hotel until late in
the evening the guys weren't up for it
so I explored Russia's most European
city on my own next to my hotel is
Rubinstein Street posting as many bars
as houses Rubina Tracy Hulu or famosa
you are emblematic o NL ki asha logical
agenda finally Rebecca hello sente
principio de la Vega en la gente en el
context toda low neon sophistica empezó
no movimiento empezó el rock russo la
paura du Hoc a los tiempos cambiar la
época sorry no eran yo en este MIMO you
are
loki encontramos un teatro para Chico's
you
listen Alan comment I para Samanya
bar de futbol wiki
nada Michelle oh man vamos an explorer
la salida again some potato my plan to
spend an evening by myself didn't work
out I got into a conversation with the
locals
yes and we're from Argentina Argentina
nice country if you like to you can take
a seat ok yes ok
no burden no absolutely no problem I'm
asking I'm talking with the people about
the movement in the city about the World
Cup
it's the only thing here in the sauna
team my Moscow there are several teams
from Moscow words them
Zenoss is a top Russian club st.
Petersburg azar Stones fans four times
Russian champion zennith has also
acquitted itself well in the cauldron of
Europe they were UEFA Cup and UEFA Super
Cup winners in 2008 for Russia 20
summers is a mapaseka man there are
lessons missing it at No
yeah I ate it movers who played the
Everson have different equation hello
masses community to be applied once
again to be honest from TV at home
I thought the local fans were tough guys
but they turned out to be very nice
chaps no yes it happens every day from
until November 5 wait now
now this way you should go three until
the Nevsky Prospekt is having new this
have a new yes
yeah you should turn to the left if you
are on their own the oldest side when it
opens it's very important you should
stay on this side a while ago you had to
spend the night on the streets to watch
the famous drawing of the bridges these
days water taxis are available it's easy
to bug a seat on the internet or my
phone
etiquette Agra SL Rio never eat okay
moussaka is una de la puente so del Rio
never porque lo que su se en san
Peterborough a mariner nuenen beer no
cuando los rios Sigonella n murano los
Puente como este see a ver en la madruga
para que los Barco pueden recorder la
ciudad
Sampat a guru es una vida con mattress
into's cuarenta Puentes a muchisimas
Lila's a por ESO que tener que Terra
tent Oh que la noche noteid Iranian lado
porque volver sita a Rasha
pues a Circassian problem
by night Sint Petersburg is a sparkling
jewel be sure to go on a river cruise if
you can special tours operate when the
bridges are drawn at last the day of the
final has arrived
we'll watch two great national teams
fight for the title we win the final of
the copy you know something about it
upon a sale of chinos no Simon no creo
get sipping donde la confidentiel Adam
hi excuse me English to speak English is
a bit looking for our first conference
today
Oh chilly finally a dream come true I'm
at the Hermitage although I'm not in the
museum itself nevertheless none of my
friends have had a chance to visit its
conference room momentum in Rio Sigma
woman Valley tension in Samba - who -
Sara who are the final immunity tampoco
tiempo y la cuestión animalistic
official parece que para for the
untreatable pulpo paula mera mera
tenemos a lot of humanity in Chile en mi
da reveal the fortune-telling process is
quite simple the host plunks down two
houses bearing the teams flags and two
bowls of cat food
that cat must choose between the two the
journalists not the Hermitage staff
decided which flags went where to rule
out foul play now it's time to place
bets just kidding I'm no gambler he
can't hear and the hill has a point
which is he was it was impossible to
kill him a hill but they're all the
heroes a small port and he was still
fight this one
so a hill is the same here's a perfect
except one and he is gonna work in the
World Cup
time to go to the stadium Vitaly and
mukha were waiting for me in palace
square seems like this place is never
quiet crowds of tourists and street
performers everywhere my have to sell is
it thank you - Asami he's supporting
Germany
why are you supporting but that was the
chili that doesn't give know a Gurkha
yeah let's go
I don't know there's I must come on my
booty and tickets they will take a
picture of you and everything again take
a picture there go
turns out this prankster stole my fan ID
while I was asleep on the Sampson
some petersburg stadium weather
Confederations Cup final is about to
take place is on christophe ski island
the easiest way to get there is by metro
so we entered admiral taste car station
near palace square so the questions the
catch
so it's at least eight if we don't know
where we have to go we have just to
follow those people like as you see
everybody's gone this way stretch in the
browser studied Nebraska's to the most
the Duma as possible
liberté you can just an see Tchaikovsky
and to the court of Kobol shadow live
with the stars crystal sky Australia
Yoda can be mucho Volusia and mortar
chillin oh yeah
motor chili no Casa latina hominid
fossil
levena the dlmooc oval of Chile No
there are so many Chileans it's
unbelievable but I did find a couple of
Germans and try to have a chat with them
I did a study German in vain I'm sure so
almost obviously yeah those are chunky
same yeah yeah finale yeah in Kazan in
case a new device
boxing events alibi tourists in
the stadium is impressive and it's clear
why it was chosen to host the
Confederations Cup final
it's one of the biggest in Russia and
the whole world occupying about 300,000
square meters it seats around eighty
thousand seven thinkers will be held
here during the 2018 World Cup June the
15th Morocco versus around June the 19th
Russia vs Egypt June the 22nd Brazil
versus Costa Rica June the 26th Nigeria
vs. Argentina a game from the last 16 on
July the 3rd semi-finals on July the
10th third-place playoffs on July the
14th
some Petersburg Stadium is a
state-of-the-art venue it's equipped
with a special convertible roof that can
be opened and closed in 15 minutes it
can shelter the field should a sudden
downpour occur there's also a rollout
field for concerts and other events that
have nothing to do with football at all
I found out later that a major fan zone
had been set up on canoe Shania school
during the Confederations Cup this fans
are hosted a mere seven songs rooms but
in the run-up to the World Cup its area
will double increasing capacity talk
mopping 15,000 fans from June the 14th
to July the 14th 2018 all World Cup
games will be aired here
yeah my dad's idea what gold
Germany's for just one goal that it is
enough Chile gave 200%
but playing the reigning champions is a
tough task looks like The Hermitage
campus boy after all
Natalia Mira
whole chances but no luck no luck hey
listen the only consolation is that
whoever wins the Confederations Cup
never in the waves the World Cup so we
will be back stronger than ever let's
wish the Chilean Daredevils good luck
next year it's time for us to leave
Kaliningrad is our next destination
I wish I could stay here longer and hang
out they'll be partying long into the
night but it'll take us almost 24 hours
to get to Kaliningrad by train I'll be
back in some Petersburg for the 2018
welcome
Kaliningrad is Russia's westernmost City
there a World Cup Stadium the legendary
Knights Castle restaurant and canina
grads busy nightlife await us
you
