hi I'm JK Gonzalez I'm a journalist from
Argentina I love traveling but football
is my chief passion the 2018 FIFA World
Cup will be held at the other end of the
world in Russia I have an idea you're
trying to call me
series equipment Alice Moyer
semi-comatose
Paris endearing carny propia forever
gonna holding Jackie lucky on the
pasando jambe they were served it was
amazing
que mucho they are not say inclusive the
thing I would say my mother una mano
sasame Muhammed Ali has my boxer come in
the lumen is NATO but we in moku it's
salon it video you see Toby limo who
hires a little later Vitaly MUFAs friend
will join our team by Mooka I mean
Muhammad Hassan Ali together will show
both the old and the new world what to
expect from this mysterious country host
of the 2018 FIFA World Cup
bueno aquí estoy CJ finalmente mo school
Arguello cantina me tener que trae
Ferrando me amigo Moo ha pero no LAN
cuento no sé donde esta no sissy my
avocado plant odd Oh Stingo que cigar al
Centro tengo que cigar a little miss a
me mission Moscow is being too welcoming
inside
I really thought loofah wasn't going to
show up but it turned out he's forgotten
to charge his mobile all's good and I
hope it'll be plain sailing from now on
how's everything I'm sorry I might be
just my phone turned off that way so you
asked for how much for two doors to
Center
yes so home watch so much and I knew it
that you're gonna say that I need you so
listen you need me and I'm going to help
you now we have another way to go to the
center it's cheaper and it doesn't take
more time than the taxi because there's
no traffic
it's called arrow Express uh-huh you
have to go inside then we're gonna use
yeah okay let's go let's go let's go
there are three major airports in Moscow
Sheremetyevo dama de Java and flew cava
apart from taxis you can also use the
arrow Express to get to the city centre
from any of the airports
we can't find the eirick suppress by
following the marks you see this marks
and there's a lot of them around here in
the airport so like we can't find the
eirick suppressed by following them
here's a life hack Mooka Porter's Air
Express train tickets using a special
app on the Internet it's cheaper than
using a booking office now after we got
the tickets from the side I just need to
just put my phone on it and it's gonna
open that's all huh necesito nacido go
and click it I'm gonna mini-map a lower
upper arm over me I can rucifee maja I
need some words I want to learn some
words in rows me you know some Elementor
was ok let's like hi hello hi again
previous previous trivia previous time
but if you go ha great there goes ok hi
how are you how are you
kak still watch device ok how are you
thank you
spasiba thank you in air express trains
run every 30 minutes they go to main
stations in the city center trains from
da Madeira arrive at Pamela's ski
station from new cover they get to
Keith's ski station and from Cheramie
River to Belarus Co station
I expected Moscow to look like New York
or London a mixture of old mansion
houses and skyscrapers expensive cars
and white streets but frankly speaking
my first impression wasn't great getting
ready for the World Cup they're hardly
getting ready for the World Cup workshop
for the for the streets they're going to
renew it and make it a big a bit bigger
and that's all and now we're going we're
going to the hotel it's not really far
it's like 10 minutes walking it's such a
nice you like it
tambien the moistures here have a
reservation how do you prefer to pay by
cash or by card I mean you you send it
back your back my back my back my back
what happens
I probably forget it and the train right
yeah I need to go and check this now
yeah yeah you can handle it now by
yourself and I can't give you my
friend's number and he can help you just
go in but but I really need to go his
name is Vitaly he'll help you with
everything just call him and meet with
him I'm gonna help you I'm saying
waiting on the number I'm gonna send me
please really okay okay okay just call
him and meet with him then tell me we'd
hardly reached the hotel when mukha
deserted me first he'd forgotten to
charge his mobile and now he's left his
bag in the Train
and what about me I've arrived just in
time for the Confederations Cup game
Russia vs. Portugal today but to get in
I need a so-called fan passport or fan
ID
I hope mu cos friend will help me get
one
hi hi how are you my name is Thiago view
on Silas I'm from Argentina as friend I
don't know if he told you but I'm really
new here in the city I'm shown a list
I'm came here to work you know and I
need to make my ID and I don't know if
you can help me to tell you speak
English
solo show makuu och atomos el mundial
coppola Confederacy onus primero tengo
que intended al ago I said online LIHEAP
resume / laugh an ID y luego tengo que
en el metro
k-dog entender lo perigean our life an
ID parade on OGC Iruvar finalmente party
Oh bueno
vamos Allante vamos pelant a garlic
orison I pass a court Obama stressed
chair yes some reducible rock Zack Sarah
Sarah he never changes all the mushrooms
act on the food especially meat even a
13-4 matzah diamond that is a body
affected our hospitals upon it as a
message Cassandra is an umbrella to
ceramic Dan private circus makes the
video Chiba
Mooka has had to go back to the airport
to get his backpack which will take a
while even on the air express and his
friend vitaly doesn't know word of
English so I'll have to get to the fan
ID Center by myself somehow they told me
at the hotel with the fastest way to get
there is part of Metro it's only four
stops from Mayakovsky station the
closest to my hotel
mission complete approver paso completo
pasa por la moulinet si yuan Tian de
comprar un e de vuelta yah hora en una
Escalera large e SEMA SEMA Calera del
Metro demo room o la Co correct a kr I'm
Kendrick invader by fun le tengo ganas
le tengo ganas al Metro al implementable
mythical phimosis emo metro demo ho
the Moscow Metro could be called a large
underground city it's got three hundred
and twenty five point five kilometres of
lines many of its central stations are
real architectural wonders the Moscow
Metro even has organized excursions for
tourists
while on the train I found the fan ID
Center on the Internet
if I'd had mukha with me we'd have found
the place very quickly but I'm all alone
in this huge city
I hope there'll be someone to help me
excuse me I need to lead nikolskaya
excuse me excuse me I need to go here to
let nikolskaya it's here
narrator way no it's a car let me cop
Scalia in sis a gotcha gate a la
dirección sin yellow lure adentro drama
Zhanna
Akemi Teresa kuru sir in the agonal
alendronate fish Ovid readö okay bar
buddy Sarah you are it's a shock
why do I have to go through all this
misery looking for an unpronounceable
street so this is the building where I
can get my fan ID I need this document
to get into Confederations Cup and World
Cup games here in Russia a fan ID is
vital because it lets foreigners enter
Russia without a visa all you have to do
is get one once and you can attend all
the World Cup games you have tickets for
finally I find my bag and I get it back
so now I have to find what's going on
with Vitaly and Diego let's see
brilliant Vitalik no joke actor turns
Diego yesin is no Cetina Girish danglies
come Laden the way mr. wall stratum
salvation applause revoluta has just
passed on Diego's no choker the fan ID
Center for the World Cup games is at 34
hum of niche Escobar you need to fill in
the form on the internet then you go to
a special Center share your game tickets
and your passport they take your photo
and issue your fan ID no conse conse
aqui esta me fun ie I would look at me
to Casa Roja Kremmling me para o se para
esta noche y el partido you never poor -
el contrato Hsieh
while I was sorting out my documents
Mooka called me he was happy he'd found
his backpack we arranged to meet a plush
at revolute see metro station I've just
got to Russia but I already miss
speaking Spanish remember those Moscow
Metro excursions I was talking about
well I ran into a spanish-speaking group
at plush at revoluta station
Oh Oh Selena Soto Mosul area many hidden
caliper knows I get Oh Carla what I'm
gonna extra Russians aren t curious
people they broke their monuments
this is the guy who I give you at the
typical number religious know whatever
damn totally fatality echo now we're
going to see Moscow let's go Lukas
friends a nice guy so it's a pity he
doesn't understand me at all but it's
all ok it's much better when there are
three of us anyway get out of plotted
revolute see metro station and your slap
bang in the heart of Moscow the zero
mile marker is just 100 meters to the
left
Russians calculate distances to other
cities from this point and right behind
this is Resurrection gate leading to Red
Square
sabore vasily emotional I don't know how
it's in English so the past related
sabor when they built this building
one possible arquitectura he called this
ratio build it is pricey emotionally
restricted to bully a crazy bitch a
method sabor yeah architect said yes
sire
just give us an order however Ivan the
Terrible gave quite a different order
he had the architects eyes poked out so
that they could never build anything
more beautiful than st. Basil's
Cathedral a biochip of not too thick the
squirrel was volumes are poor school
sorry cool he said let's go inside to
the to to this place
if you inside you can but I think yes I
think but a little halftime
I must go to a stadium because because
of the but no maybe another time but
cool just just one picture there no
it's high time for me to go to the
stadium the guys will watch the game in
a sports bar with the Moscow Metro app
installed on my mobile I boldly ventured
forth to find Spartak Stadium all by
myself I've read this free Wi-Fi in the
Moscow Metro which you can connect to on
your mobile
the videos tend Russo dan russo below
middle C correct
there are loads of stadiums in Moscow
but only one will host Confederations
Cup games and the upcoming World Cup
it's the Spartak Stadium where I'm
heading now Spartak the name of the
legendary Moscow Football Club the metro
station in front of the stadium bears
the same name naturally its decor has a
football theme
ah si si pero para sa da do I care - una
volta para trás pour a trap or ki
Barrios controls an Tracy a la puerta
con todos lados si quiere ser la Concha
sabes que tiene que llegar a la simian
Sparta egg Stadium was commissioned on
September the 5th 2015 to comply with
FIFA requirements its capacity will be
increased from forty two thousand to
forty five thousand seats there are four
sectors for the home fans and one for
visiting fans which has a separate
entrance
eight meters above the pitch there's a
gallery with souvenir shops food courts
first-aid bays and special purpose rooms
Mooka and my new friend vitaly have
departed to watch the match to Madrid
whether there are many sports bars of
all types in Moscow if you don't have a
ticket
for a game head for one of those
Nintendo is in La Puerta de todo cuatro
he told Antigua if they should reproduce
on Boudreaux but it's a different base
angle
- yes
five World Cup matches will be held at
the Spartak Stadium in summer 2018
Argentina versus Iceland on June the
16th Senegal vs. Poland on June the 19th
Belgium vs. Tunisia on June the 23rd
Serbia against Brazil on June the 27th
and one game of the last 16 on July the
3rd
can we do mighty what does the country
with so much would it add in at the end
it would so Mears job but Russia was
unlucky today
I know who you are zero
Eruzione Eppolito we didn't a mastery
Arusha opposite to the velocity
that evening after the game we arranged
to meet at keister Pruden II Boulevard
according to Vitaly young people hang
out there day and night hipsters
courting couples families all Moscow
gathers here in the summer but the main
feature of chisti of crew D is street
musicians
fin de este primer idea
Naraku see no Andalusia only intends oh
whoa daddy oh oh
Tyndale a fan IV o Antonella you and
then Darrell mattress again
magnifico aggregator okay Musa ludia
akan moku F poco por suerte el vuelo
regreso de daimoku se que voy a tener
que el retorno
Gracia mañana me voy para Sampat a euro
para ser Cano siendo cada una de las
seis lo que hacer el mundial de lucia da
mill dis yo Chara
Chitauri a lammeter the three of us will
continue our trip from the official
capital to the cultural one st.
Petersburg Russia's most European city
football fever a fortune-telling cat and
the final of the Confederations Cup
await us
you
you
