the gun control debate in the u.s. gains
momentum as conservatives Fox News host
Laura Ingraham is essentially forced to
off air by a boycott
Jacqueline Vega has the details the
bigger they are the harder they fall
a lesson that one of the most popular
hosts on Fox News the most-watched cable
news network in the u.s. is learning the
hard way over a dozen of Laura Ingram's
top advertisers have pulled their
commercials from her program and Fox
says the week off the host is now taking
was pre-planned but many think it may
have something to do with 17 year old
David Hogg he is one of the survivors of
the Parkland school shooting and is
practically a household name in America
at this point this is the site of the
spring and the blossoming of our
democracy because since the tragedy he's
become one of the leaders of the
student-led gun reform movement that's
took the nation by storm between TV
appearances and mass protests hogs face
is everywhere joining me now from
parkland Florida is senior David Hogg he
survived the shooting David thank you
for being with us guys it is so great to
have you both back on the show more
people have died in America as a result
of gun violence and they have fighting
in war it's not time for debate it's
time to work together let's put the USA
over the NRA in a recent interview Hogg
mentioned that he had been rejected by a
number of universities and for some
unknown reason Ingram decided to mock
the student online belittling his grade
point average and told him to stop
whining
now in a different day and age with
different players the whole thing may
have gone unnoticed but Hogg who now has
over 700,000 Twitter followers chose to
use his sway to successfully get
Ingram's and advertisers to boycott her
show
she's only apologizing after a third of
her advertisers pulled out and I think
it's really disgusting the fact that she
basically tried promoting her show after
apologize or apologizing to me from a
tweet that she made she is she may very
well never come back again
that's the power of this this is about a
group of people who have been almost
anointed as untouchable this is
professional professional
planned organized the Democrats don't
have any issues they have this one they
don't like Trump that's that's their
platform but this is the only thing that
counts as an issue guns they hate guns
they hate gun owners they heap gun
manufacturers this isn't going anywhere
and the Laura Ingraham fox news story
may change but it will manifest and
transmute into a new issue before you
know it and frankly his attack against
Ingram makes perfect sense there is no
love lost between her and the left we
may be witnessing a turning point in the
American political climate outspoken
leftist voices like hog and his fellow
activists were more or less sidelined
they were just the angry kids mad that
their agenda was not passing through
but now they have a powerful movement
and a lot of momentum behind them that
they're clearly not afraid of using and
their causes getting the attention and
support of a number of Democratic
heavyweights including Hillary Clinton
Barack Obama and even Bernie Sanders as
well let me especially thank young
people at the high school in parkland
Florida who are dealing with their grief
by standing up and fighting back for
many Trump was seen as the voice of the
people every day Americans whose
concerns were often ignored by those in
Washington but today a louder voice has
taken center stage
