police are fired water cannon and tear
gas against protesters letting off flesh
during a demonstration over the
expulsion of environmental squatters in
the French city of Nantes on Saturday RT
Shahla Dubinski was at the protest
well the protester is almost around
$1,000 running we've got the police
running behind us or in the middle of
this where you can see the police are
trying to curtail the protesters into
one particular spot trying to move them
down the street we have already seen
tear gas being fired at the protesters
and the protesters throwing things at
the police have been some small
skirmishes in here and this is all over
not with armed man and the saddest sight
they've made this place their home this
was a place of land that was earmarked
for a possible airport the French
government decided earlier this year
that he would not be building that
Airport but it has said that it wants to
expel all of the saddest on a
case-by-case basis from this land you
can see behind me now the police are
having to come back the protest is
pushing them on from this street in that
they came here to protest against the
expulsion of the people a scientist of
natural don't belong we're gonna have to
move quickly now because the police we
know things are being thrown at them and
the police have been using tear gas as
well trying to get the protesters out of
the way and trying to court them down
into certain factions I won't say now
some of the protesters coming out from
this street and you can see the police
are also trying to block out other
protesters from joining them splitting
them up in around does he seem small
clashes now between the police and the
protesters here all over that site that
dumb hockey mites item that you don't
learn oh we're just getting some of the
effects of the tear gas that's being put
out by the CRS Jean Barbara he was just
making it a little bit difficult to
breathe so you're gonna just move away
as you can see there the police still
trying to block a that street from the
protesters from coming out
they're here to protest against the
expulsion of the people from the sad
site are not heard on to lunch they say
they will do whatever they can within
their means
to protect that site because it is now
they're home solid even ski Artie nut
