the Russian president has accepted the
resignation of the governor of the
Kemerovo region over last Sunday
shopping center tragedy the blaze killed
64 people 41 of them children
here's a recap of that day
Denis Papa when you recording Pacific
aside
you national we know as conventional
consumers I visit multiple nickel
Cooper's on the signal deserts of
actionable
and I would copy what we just did I
can't really do
but music is a special to that
give you ecology traditional fertility
besides the original post Alan what
Alicia Prime
there was no alarm no siren no
sprinklers the whole fire prevention
system was off fire exits blocked people
inside the shopping mall were left on
their own to find out about the
beginning Inferno by the extension their
nose this shopping mall used to be a
confectionery and in fact it conducted
fire drills just last week so a lot of
very grave and outrageous flaws missed
in those drills and so the investigation
is looking into how this horror became
possible Vladimir Putin who landed here
in camera early in the morning and he
has already laid flowers at the vigil
and talked to some of the citizens to
comfort them over their loss
three days on since the tragedy the
families of the first twenty two victims
have said their last goodbyes to their
loved ones with burial ceremonies as the
nation mourns the victim the
investigation is working to hold those
to blame for the catastrophe accountable
right now investigators are looking into
the mixture of factors first and
foremost the alarm the sirens did not go
off when the fire began neither did the
water sprinklers if they were there in
the first place and that the fire exits
were locked so people when they followed
the designated paths to safety they
found themselves that the doors that
were shut also the staff of the mall
reportedly was untrained how to handle
an emergency like this at least 23
victims have been identified so far out
of the total of 64 it is taking a long
time because sometimes the
identification is only possible through
a DNA test so badly the bodies are burnt
the process is going 24/7 but still we
are being told that it could take as
long as three weeks to identify everyone
because she'd on off there well among
the many tragic stories is that of a
group of 11 year old girls from a
village near the city that traveled to
the regional capital with their teacher
to celebrate the beginning of the spring
holidays and also watch a movie when the
fire broke out they all reportedly found
themselves locked inside the cinema the
girls tried to call their families and
posted messages on social media none of
them survived well Artie spoke to some
of those who knew them they were such
good girls quite calm joyful they
studied really well it is such a tragedy
for everyone there are almost no
children of this age left in our village
there aren't many children here only our
granddaughter Zena is alive she didn't
go and also three boys but no one else
their age is left in the village people
across the globe have been joining
Russia to mourn the victims of the
deadly blaze vigils have been held in
more than 30 countries with people
bringing candles and also toys but in
the Russian city of Kemerovo anger has
been running high shortly after the
tragedy authorities in this city were
confronted by crowds of victims
relatives and locals the demonstrators
were demanding the truth from the
officials with rumors circulating that
the death toll could be as high as 300
these claims though were rejected by the
investigation investigation committee
and later by protesters too
meanwhile the investigation into what
caused the fire is progressing the two
main versions are the malfunction of the
fire safety system and also arson five
people have been arrested among them two
directors at the shopping center and
also the maker of the fire safety system
the number of the victims could have
been a lot higher had it not been for
the courage of people nearby some lost
their lives trying to get children out
of the burning building
Jacqueline muga tells their stories on
Sunday a tragedy in a Siberian city
turned teacher's shop workers students
and scores of others and heroes for some
it cost them their lives like Tatiana
Dalia an English teacher and mother who
was out with her 14 year old daughter
when the fire broke out she managed to
get her child safety before selfishly
running back into the burning building
to try and help others trapped inside
many survivors have spoken of how they
would never have made it out alive if
there weren't people like Tatiana their
17-year old Dima pollution is a student
at an emergency services college with
smoke filling the air he made it to the
exit but heard a woman crying for help
unable to find her children she pointed
towards the fire and Dima ran back
inside I saw nothing there was thick
black smoke everywhere her children
crying shouting and that's how I found
out where they are three children were
sitting in the corner of a room
terrified crying two girls and a boy I
told the boy to grab my belt and hold it
tight and took the girls by the collar
and carried all three of them out staff
at the winter cherry Center risked their
lives trying to get as many youngsters
out of the building as they could all
our co-workers had already escaped when
we looked at the escalator it was full
of people they started helping people to
get out of there we have a back door at
the end of the storage room I thought
it's calling people to come to us
there were disabled people too our guys
lifted their wheelchairs and helped them
to go downstairs everything went black
of clouds of smoke surrounding
I don't know what would have happened to
me if not them we don't consider
ourselves rescuers we are ordinary
people if you were in our place you
would have done the same
we heard that lots of men were burnt to
death there they here there are no doubt
other unsung heroes in the city
strangers without whom even more people
both young and old would have perished
well the blaze is one of the deadliest
in Russia in decades it took
firefighters over 17 hours to put it out
of these 64 people who died almost
two-thirds were children as the school
holidays had just begun
