there was a Parisian intern - Oh God -
on this day the victim or - your only
begotten Son have conquered death and
unlocked for us the path to eternity to
grant we pray that we who keep the
solemnity of the Lord's resurrection may
through the renewal brought by your
spirit rise up and go in the light of
life we ask this to our Lord Jesus
Christ your son who lives and reigns
with you in the unity of the Holy Spirit
one God for ever and ever
all of the faithful now take their seats
as we continue now with the Liturgy of
the word today's first reading is from
the Acts of the Apostles
laguna de libro de los hijos de la
subasta less en aquella Diaz Pedro toma
la palabra Elijo Peter addressed
Cornelius and his household he must have
heard about the recent happenings in
Judea about Jesus of Nazareth and how he
began after John had been baptized LSPD
to Sun God had anointed him with power
eager Ando because God was with him
Jesus doing good Alan we can witness to
everything he did throughout the
countryside of Judea and Jerusalem
itself and also to the fact him on a
tree
really God raised him to life and
allowed him to be the organelle people
and only by certain witnesses God had
chosen he got a boy below than those
solemn that we have with him his
resurrection from the dead and he
claimed this to these peoples and to
tell them that God has appointed to
judge everyone alive or dead it is to
him that all the prophets bear witness
that all who believe in Jesus will have
their sins forgiven through his name
to continue now with the responsorial
Psalm taken from Psalm 117 the response
this day was made by the Lord
we rejoice and are glad
the song says give thanks to the Lord
for he is good for his love has no end
but the sons of Israel say his love has
no
the Lord's right hand has triumphed his
right hand raised me up I shall not die
I shall live and recount his deed
I know
the stone which the builders rejected
has become the cornerstone this is the
work of the Lord
today's second reading Colossians and is
being read in French fare suppository su
sitio de Klerk lists oh she actually
really did all brothers a lot and she
has been brought back to true life with
Christ Paul sees or edited you must look
for the things that are in heaven where
Christ is with it specifically living at
God's right hand if it could be mr.keshe
I think look his let your thoughts be on
heavenly things but I do not on the
things that are on earth along because
you have died and now the life you have
is hidden with Christ in God but when
Christ is revealed and he is your life
you too will be revealed in all your
glory with him
this is a special sequence that is
proclaimed on Easter Sunday and because
Easter is an octave it will be
proclaimed every day for the next eight
days as part of the mass
the sequence being chanted in Latin
reads in English Christians to the
Paschal victim offer sacrifice and
praise the sheep are ransomed by the
Lamb and Christ the undefiled hath
sinners to his father reconciled death
with life contended combat strangely
ended life's own champion slain yet
lives to reign
tell us Mary say what thou didst see
upon the way the tomb of the living
didn't close
resume
for you together
that Christ is truly risen
victorious King thy mercy
Pope Francis now placing incense to be
burned in the sensor is my prepared to
hear today's Gospel verses being sung
the deacon who will proclaim the gospel
today for Easter comes forth now
you
the deacon now taking the book of the
Gospels to solemnly process it to the
lectern while he it will be proclaimed
the Word of God is processed and it is
in a special book the Gospels
it recalls to us
Christ is truly alive in his word that
the Word of God is living just words
you
shoes
in the course
we see the candles
Gareth before the books of the Gospels
coming down because Christ is the
first
Domino's Bobby school lectio sancti
evangelii secundum me on the reading
from the Gospel according to John Deacon
now venerates the book of the Gospels
with incense been reading God truly
present in his word
it was very of Magdala came to the stone
and the other Jesus they have taken the
Lord out of the tomb reach the tomb
first
it comes saintly now said to be that
positive Intel Amina non-dominant Roy he
bent down and saw the linen did not go
in Simon Peter the ground that had been
over his head say para team involute to
miss was not with the linen cloths but
rolled up in a place by itself her going
through Eva that alter the ship loose we
went at free Mossad monument to it we
did it ready
then the other disciple who had reached
the tomb first also we saw he believed
we all failed to understand the teaching
of Scripture he must rise from the dead
verbum Domini
gospel account chanted in Greek as his
custom on Easter we will leave the
entire chanting of this gospel in the
Greek for you to hear without
translation or Thiago shaman blog wave
available here any passing a given key
to you or not knows more
rosco main enemy Otton sabaton maria
magdalena her Katy Perry Scotty us he
owes his system nummy or develop it only
Tony Malone Tom limb you
he who care Kate a pro seaman on patrol
frost on all known Matty D on a filly
for his wounds
Keller gig of the
he's here on Tonchi riyadh and Ogun
emiru Keiko he'd are meant to her see
God
Cersei no no Pedro's Kor loss Mattie's
care condo Islam Jimmy otra gente y el
Diablo ke ho Harlow's ma TT s prodrome
entity canto Pedro Kegel temp rotos M
team Jimmy ho paura keeps us vlei picky
Matata atonia
Oh Mandy he'll Casey mom Petros a
collusion of tow Casey's face Tony Meola
Orry Tahoe Tonya kim eana
Cato Sudar he owned Oh in deputies
carefully gears of boo-boo Matata
Newtonian camino a la Horus and the
Dyckman on e7 on Oh
they wound heal first cave of all those
muddy tees or some proto's insomnia
a piece
hold a pagar either some Tangra fee or
TD get off ball and a crow hold honestly
again we've just heard today's gospel
proclaim boasts in the Latin and in the
Greek if you ever visit the Basilica of
st. Peter's you were able to see the
writing around the top is also in Greek
in some places the two lungs of the
church breathing together the east and
the west the choir now singing at the
end of the gospel praise to you O Lord
praise to you
the scholar continuing add maltose a
nose holy father many years the deacon
now bringing the book of the Gospels to
Pope Francis who venerates it with a
kiss and blesses us with it
we now hear a brief homily from Pope
Francis for this Easter Sunday
the police hold to after having listened
to the parallel deal to the Word of God
Cristo pass within Langella this passage
from the guardian ad dear a I want to
say three things
primo the first launch the announcement
the proclamation the children
snoring early sort the Lord is risen
will enrich okay that Proclamation the
first time from the first Christians
undebatable can walk they would say to
each other
salute they would greet each other this
way will be short the Lord is risen
early door nearly and the women is 11.8
but that were there the Lord's body
she's aa tittle and you know sort of
brace they found themselves standing
before something very surprising last
sort of place the surprise don't Gd deal
so no same place or place the
announcements the proclamations of God
because ours is a god of surprises
echo see tell me to tell a story has a
date and so from the beginning from
patient from Abraham random a pie but
lots of surprises everybody get up and
leave the land simply land where I send
you to there's always one surprise after
another the yoke no sir God doesn't
worry we're not sure how to make sense
and announcement rock formation without
surprising us a little pressure will no
fatigue a mobile quality vodka and that
surprise moves your heart attaches you a
little respect it happens there where
you don't expect it to say it was off in
the Giovanni the language of young
people salvation culpa bus to nutella's
Betty
it's a surprise from down low kind of
surprises you takes you off guard
primo I know you've had to surprise his
announcement what a surprise LaFrentz
thing is Ephrata dealy-bob yamato
hurrying the the fast pace the women
were in a great hurry to get to the to
happy to go do the tomb and we have to
get back to Peter the surprises of God
so beep put us on the path put us on our
journey without waiting
go seek all wrong and so they run but
really to see a plethora Giovanni quorum
at Peter and John they run the story
when I wrote it in italic co-pastors the
shadow military waste took it in the
night the end the Christ was born in
Bethlehem they said let's run after what
the English had proclaimed to them call
this American woman but DDA Ron magenta
to say to her people
cristela Nobita what is something
entirely new
I met a man whose everything I had ever
done and of course people starving or
know what she had done equal ascent they
call people run they leave stuff or
change what they're doing
the housewife naturally but at the
potatoes in the power of the chart about
the important thing better did you see
that surprise for that knowledge that
announcement the proclamation I'll kill
you switch a day may not see quite a few
today this happens in our neighborhoods
and our village Forsythe's 3090 when
something extraordinary happens people
run to go see what happened and I read
be free so to go with great hurry with
great haste unto their manager then
different and always time he went to
Italy
abbiamo trotting Missy we have found the
Messiah they saw Priscilla born in OTC
surprises the good news is simply go see
are always given this way with great
haste no Angelo in the gospel they won't
okay there's a person she premium body
temple who takes their time known world
is GRE who does not want to see us take
a risk but and he waits for him with
great love much and this is Thomas st.
Thomas yo quiero cuando Pedro who said
I'll believe when I see his wounds and
his nearly a person's the Lord is
patient but who Laurel gave with those
people who move on
kasi differente who do not get up and
depart with great haste unknown so so
professor the announcement is a surprise
that resposta the answer is with great
haste that Sophia what I did you thought
I'd like to say now is a bag actually a
question and II and me what what about
me what we repair to is my heart open
brace you to God surprises so no
capacity and I read Ephrata am I able to
go with great haste or sempre or conch
went from Kuala cantilena ma Duane to
money with the rota money
come on do I hang back and say well
let's check it out tomorrow tomorrow
cosa dici and me that's all please what
is this surprise saying to me giovanni
pietro for john and peter on that it
equals they ran a support to the tomb
you're buying even jello in the Gospel
of John TD chick tells us to believe and
copy it and Peter created miles from
Aldo believed with a failing ball with
that face Marietta is a little bit more
so with remorse the very negative seem
to have denied the Lord
what a surprise the announcement that is
made a surprise and that'd be force to
run to go with great haste little man
and the question in you and what about e
today in questa pass what is the choice
in this Easter in 2018
what about me you what about you Neal
Pope Francis concluding his homily this
morning Cooney Santiam editor insulins
you given from his heart given without
correct in silence for son and we take a
moment now to contemplate in silence
MIDI demos but ever made special
readings and we proclaimed this morning
as well of Pope Francis's thoughts that
he wants us to take away in this Easter
as he said of 2018 to ask ourselves the
questions what about me is my heart open
to these surprises of God in do I go
with great haste at the Lord's word or
am i hesitant
see the tens of thousands gathered in
st. Peter's Square but yet in silence
meditating on the readings on Pope
Francis's exhortations to us and also
the deep meaning of this day and now we
pray together the Creed
natella Carissimi constituent affiliate
squad dear brothers and sisters made
sons and daughters by the grace of
Easter let us offer our prayer to the
Father with joyful confidence for all
bishops of the church even the father
who raised Jesus Christ on the dead
Grantham evangelical courage and
apostolic zeal
let us pray for government in lawmakers
may the father who guides all of history
sustain them always in their service and
direct their efforts in favor of justice
and peace patience to the priesthood
this prayer in Chinese may the father
who desires that all be saved grant to
the church only ministers of the altar
and joyful witnesses of eternal life we
pray to the Lord
all ramos propagate horrible sinister
those whose hearts have gone astray eat
Padre you're gonna tell you may the
father who totally welcomes those who
return to help us see touch their heart
and slowly transform their lives and
console them with his mercy the
suffering of hatred this prayer says may
the father who never forgets his sons
and daughters allow them to experience
the power of Easter and to share in his
infinite love
we pray to the Lord
she really did do so badly polluted
benefic we praise you got our Father for
all the gifts you have known renew today
the wonders the resurrection of Jesus
your son and our Lord who lives and
reigns forever and ever
the faithful take their seats as we hear
the offertory ham as we prepare now to
celebrate the Liturgy of the Eucharist
I see the faithful now bringing up the
gifts of bread and wine
holy father take you a moment bless them
with the gifts
and family now with their young boy who
is taking a moment to greet Pope Francis
that gets to give him a little kiss as
well
ministers who will help distribute the
Eucharist when the time comes to the
thousands gathered in st. Peter's Square
a large outdoor church at this moment as
we continue on
the celebration of Easter Sunday Mass
live here in st. Peter's Square this
thing
broadcast by Vatican medium
Pope Francis will now make his way to
the main altar who will be joined by his
Kinsella birds the Eucharistic prayer
will be in Latin and we were going to
lead that this is Eucharistic prayer
number 1 from the Roman canon
we're going to leave that in the lab
without translation
as it is one of the sacred moments will
follow along
and pray together with the Holy Father
we will pick up with our commentary
when Pope Francis invites us to join him
in praying our Father
everyone of course invited to play
language there are people in the Piazza
from all over the world and to those of
you joining us from all over the world
were invited to
the deacon
to minister
every priest throughout the world
celebrates the sacrament
impersonal Christy and it's truly
reversed herself
the image of God
a lot of lattice vibrations of the
fiction as a tablet filled up with the
important one important circuit shadow
many personalities actual scientist of
pheromones u.s. ecclesia - military
attitude and perkinston domino domino
vivisun sursum Corda vs indominus
solitaire the quillion domine Omni
temporal confetti said in our petition
Mundi lordosis predatory compaction
often a mulatto says crystals keep
saying various si knows he has to
peccata mundi immortal North amore
Angeles lucid the DTM race or gender
repairable but Proctor proposes
Baskerville Baskerville Saudis Tatas in
Alberta Raimondo sexual so to partner
with total Angelica protested in on
laureate royal conscience in a final
agendas
you
tazer communities in my pattern
oh yes unchristian Fillion - on Dominum
Nostrum
so please Aurora Mozart pettings would
accept obvious that when aleka's is
known as Monera he santa sacrificially
but in prematurity be awfully more
ecclesia twas antirattle kampachi fiqar
Acosta teria do not a rager the nearest
orbiter arm una commanding Indian farmer
at war when ecclesia too aggressive all
whistie autonomous or the losses at work
at all it's a top astrology fiddle told
memento domina formal or informal
intuitive are the dominant surface
tension : TV Fidesz call it is not a
level co-produced Evo pheromones
relatively all freedom to all
sacrificial love this process with real
minerals problem see own and modern so
our specialty said community so a
typical reason water sweat and what do
people Revere communicant is the
integrity cement Allah grant and
celebrant is resurrection Estonian or
theist list is a second on Carmen says
the memorial burner grantees imprimis
Claudio semper dizziness Nadia synthesis
a use and day a Domini nostri iesu
christi said we are opposed to the youth
division sponsor it had a be a torn
Apostolou Lamartine inform PT a powder
and Ray are probably no honest Tommy are
willfully Bertram Emmet a Simoni
Saturday Lena critical 90/60 Cornell
discipline in audience eg horny Jana
said Paulo cosmoderm Yanni a trauma
center on floor for mellitus vegetables
will concetta's put in all news
protection is to ammonia morale senior
al kg - Roble she own and servitude is
not so different a familiar to a
quantity of a limos
periscope conservation rallied in NATO
says exact words builders and three
bronze age remission from neon purgatory
question of Romany Krakatoa cheapest yes
when oysters into a patch it is bonus
alcohol eternal damnation a no therapy
within electoral tolling
obviously a general quality on and to
those he nominee was Christmas Benedicta
has Clayton Bratton that's enabling lots
of terrain without a linearity novice
corpus at sang with Fiat electrician
affiliate leader Benigno treasom we
pretty rampant a later a separate panel
in scientist and an elevated man you saw
little Rotty so foolish in selling
multi-day own patterns of omnipotent de
gracia Sultan's when Aditi phrase it the
liquidity police religions are cheap et8
mandrel cut exact calmness hope his
painting corpus male called robbery
strategy
similar model pose once anatomist except
in certain parent religion in Santa's a
venerable Amano's was attentive in our
societies when elicits the decree
disabilities are capital activity excel
homeless he has any colleagues and when
is may know me attorney testamento
improv always promote is a fun date or
in remission in purgatory afar Chile
email commemoration
you say you feel
own death memory forming a nursery to it
set up lips - assigned using Christie
fill it with I'm Amy Rose de cambiar the
person's neck non it'll impress
elecciones so that in several areas
answering a fairy mother Clara Maya
started to read III furniture that
Austrian podium audience and Austin in
Matthew lotta fun insulting with Daphne
the tradition salute a potato soup rock
paper pictures and in a rule to rock
pigeon linearity it has set a very
security etc Lavinia to says moaning up
royally to use the oven the sacrificial
patriarch in Austria beret equal to be
up-to-date samosa service to Melchizedek
Santo sacrificial immaculate and so
preaches the Ramos omnipotence a rose
you were a performance auntie Angela -
in subliminal Terri tool in compared to
the winner - that is to put forth called
the circle Terrace participation circus
and hopefully to record position within
sub Salem Romney when additional edges
were Sarah player momento señor mean a
formal or informal Arun quite warm in
appreciation from signal feed a
adornment in so no patch
if she so mean I told you see crystal
essentials local refrigerated party suit
indulgence the program now with Coco
purgatory was families to is the
multitudinous resonant war spear on
Tina's party Harlequin associated on a
lavinius Contras anticipatory smarty
DeVos Union Stefano Mattia Varna inácio
Alessandro Marceline opiate Peter
Felicia Tata perpetuate a Luger net
Cecilia Nastasia a Tom neuroscientist
with into a corner consortium nany team
at America serve any placement a little
midday
per Christum Dominum Nostrum per queen
a home near Rome in a sample Valerius
scientific as the vehicles plane reaches
priestess no philippson Acuna fruitiness
fifty video partying important in an
adult espiritu santo me Senora Gloria
the Romney a secular Saguna
the chip tea-ceremony ta Davina's
uniformat at the Savior's command and
formed by his divine teaching we dare to
say
Libra Northwest North Armenia on smileys
the a propitious person in the Northeast
with up a machete 42 beauty
it's a piccata similarly very hetero
many part of our journey Zachary SPECT
aunties we are talisman little
maintenance a little energy is released
know many years of this this is the
apostolate to is fortune-telling Covey's
person man or voice never pitches
forgotten austere self hidden ecclesia
to move here on quest condom vol 13 -
and pacific re cardinality new community
Irenaeus in circular circular the deacon
inviting us all to offer each other a
sign of peace
at this point during the mass we turn to
those around us offering them the Lord's
peace and we ask forgiveness of those
that we have wronged and we forgive
those who have wronged us
we must approach communion in a state of
grace no knowledge of mortal sin
and we take this moment to offer one
another peace and forgive wrongs done to
us and as we approach to receive
communion that we truly be in communion
with God and with our neighbor
the chair you say it's acutally peccata
mundi the article children on evocati
zoom Lord I'm not worthy that you should
enter under my roof but only say the
word in my soul
Pope Francis breaks the consecrated host
and consumes it as the Kinsella Prince
with him now take communion in the
faithful prepare to receive it as well
there are several priests scattered
throughout the crowd visible by an
accompanying umbrella so that the
faithful are able to spot them easily
not an easy task distributing communion
to thousands and thousands who have come
out for today's Easter celebration but
it's always done so well here in the
Vatican that the choir sings Christ our
Passover has been sacrificed
Alleluia therefore let us keep the feast
with the unleavened bread of purity and
truth alleluia alleluia
see many of the Cardinals receiving
Communion now as well many of them who
live here in Rome work closely for the
occasion see many religious among the
crowds as well and people from all over
Italy flags from from different nations
t-shirt they're from Italy when they're
from the Ukraine that truly is in God's
house Catholic true to its name Catholic
of course meaning universal after
communion the Holy Father of course will
impart his blessing at the end of the
mass and we will sing together the
regina channel
Frances will make his way from this
Piazza to the balcony on the facade but
would you see here at st. Peter's was
the balcony which we remember from her
Pope's emerge after being elected they
emerged for the first time to read the
crowds and Pope's also go on to this
balcony or Lord at Christmas and Easter
to give special blessings they would be
at orbit blessing as it is called would
be meaning the city or being the world
so it's my blessing to the city to give
a special Easter message special
indulgence granted under the usual norms
established by the church that should
take place around noon from Rome time
they received the yellow and white
umbrellas the Vatican colors so that the
faithful are easily able to spot when to
come to receive community
we seriousiy very delineated walkways if
you're following this on television with
us Thursday paths edged out in the
Piazza Francis right around so that he
may greet the thousands that have come
not just in the square but all the way
down the street to st. Peter's Square so
we'll stay tuned for that as well see
some of the cat urban yeah D Italian
police receiving Communion
the beautiful hymn of the choir but to
refrain are they of course for
Christians around the world this is
something we cannot say
of length as it means he's risen
exclamation
and so we refrain from saying it during
length and we joyfully proclaim it today
Alleluia for he is indeed risen if
you're just joining us this is Easter
Mass live from st. Peter's Square with
Pope Francis the broadcast has been
brought today of course by us here at
Vatican media you can follow along at
all for all the events in every news
about the Holy Father at Vatican newest
not be a Romanian wall Goonies don t
insolence around let keep rayful silence
for some brief moments what they Moshe
lengthy or do not say honest instances
you know Davi on that as they continue
to receive Communion and just to take
that moment of silent prayer and
reflection which is a challenge and a
very crowded Piazza but to go to that
interior place to pray after receiving
Communion to really have that moment to
commune with the Lord that we have just
received in communion we sing hymns of
praise but we're also invited to be
silent to pray to converse with the Lord
and to reflect on what today means for
us
again at the end of the liturgy the Holy
Father after venerating the altar with a
kiss that at the end of today's
celebration he will remove the sacred
vestments and climb aboard the
popemobile that will take him out among
the faithful after that he'll make his
way back and we see the balcony there on
the front of st. Peter's Basilica
let us pray for paper Davis ecclesiam
tuam boeuf every two wailing wood
biscotti look upon your Church of God
with unfailing love and fervour so that
renewed by the Paschal mystery she may
be she may come to the glory of the
Resurrection through Christ our Lord
Holy Father will now extend his blessing
which extends to all of you on TV radio
and social media as well following this
today
et me saw a star
the deacon chants go forth the mass is
ended
alleluia alleluia and the faithful
respond thanks be to God alleluia
alleluia holy father now making his way
to the statue of the Virgin Mary here in
the squares we sing together the Regina
Coeli
Queen of Heaven rejoice
Pope Francis touching the statue of Our
Lady and then blessing himself as we
concluded Mass this morning in the
Piazza for the celebration of Easter
happy Easter to all of you joining us
for today's broadcast as we sing
together the Regina Coeli a very ancient
Mary and him we'll continue to pray the
Regina Coeli every day at noon had set
it to anxious tentacles of course
counted it
on the church's calendar is the feast of
divine mercy and star itself the piece
that was started by saved on the second
pope francis's premises
majestic music from Handel's Messiah the
Hallelujah Chorus what they better the
Easter Sunday
those we mention the Holy Father will
now remove the liturgical vestments he
was wearing and you'll see there in the
front there is a few bands that align up
from the Italian law enforcement
and as well as the Swiss Guard shinobi
various national anthems went to one of
the Vatican and the one for Italy of
course
we need the faithful now realizing that
they're on camera and waving we don't
have any of the official numbers yet
the tens of thousands the square being
the street heading down into the Tiber
River that eats you up they be a telecon
chili opciones it's called an Italian
see flags again over the world after
riding around in the tradition would be
blessing to the city
especially Eastern
spend the next
about 20 minutes riding around the
people we take a break here from our
commentary as Pope Francis rides through
the crowds to greet the faithful will
give up once more
my name is Marcelo thank you for joining
a slow day to it
you
you
you
laudatory yeses Christos and Happy
Easter
welcome to the or be it or be a blessing
with Pope Francis live from st. Peter's
Square Pope Francis will emerge on the
balcony there on the facade of the
Basilica we see with the tapestry
hanging there in the center he will
pronounced his message for Easter which
is he writes especially every year and
grant a special blessing to all of those
gathered here in st. Peter's Square by
the tens of thousands but also to all of
you joining us through mundo Visio neh
we thank you for tuning in to this
broadcast of Vatican media media check
out Vatican news dot VA for all of the
eastern news and festivities with Pope
Francis with this bird's eye view over
st. Peter's Square we see not only the
square is full but the faithful have
lined the streets leading up to the
Vatican as well people from all over the
world and how fitting as Pope Francis's
Easter message or be at or be to this
city enter the world is addressed to all
of us today all men and women of good
will
you see the many flowers from Holland
which are gifted to the Vatican each
year over 50,000 especially arranged by
them in the special gift to the Vatican
each year just breathtakingly beautiful
we see the curtain party in the cross
submerging those Pope Francis now for
the e will be at Corbin
and to deliver his Easter message
preceding
Easter message from Pope Francis we have
the military honors first by the
Vatican's own gendarme gendarmerie and
also these Swiss Guards the Italian
Carabinieri
present as well as his tradition here in
the Vatican for Easter
after the Vatican national anthem the
Vatican's own Swiss Guard rendering
their homage as well today on Easter 30
fidelia's really buona Pasqua dear
brothers and sisters Happy Easter
Jesu they resorted I'm already jesus is
risen a resort Oh Chris O'Donnell aqui
en todo el mundo cuesta mucho
insieme con con toda Alleluia this
message resounds in the church or in the
world over in our midst Alleluia just to
say so Aviva Breanna moonshot Allah SWA
more terrasaur attorney called imagine a
turkey Kody grano Jesus foretold his
death and resurrection using the image
the grain of wheat - he said unless a
grain of wheat falls to the earth and
dies it remains alone but if it dies it
bears this is precisely what happened in
the day today which we celebrate the
Easter of Christ the Lord
greasy honey yeah sappy amo Horatio de
cristo de la vie de esperanza del mondo
we Christians believe and know that
Christ's resurrection is the true hope
point
Villa del amore kiss your bus is he
going it is the power of the grain of
wheat power that love which humbles
itself increases itself to the very end
and that's truly renews the world you
didn't know story yet this power
continues to bear fruit today in the
furrows of our historians marked by so
many acts of injustice and violence
it bears fruits of hope and dignity for
their deprivation and exclusion
Montilla where there is hunger and
unemployment rofl ye a refuge at where
there are migrants refugees migrants and
refugees so often rejected by today's in
culture waste and victims the drug trade
is human trafficking in contemporary
forms of slavery in oyaji de mañana
fruity departure today we employ fruits
of peace on the entire world la ma
tomorrow at Assyria beginning with the
people my apparently endless war was up
ask for lucha de Cristo luminary
questions the two-tier responsibility
Polly teaching a military this Easter he
played the light of the risen Christ
illumined the conscience is political
and military leaders so that is wit and
it may be prominent our view to the
carnage in course civilization
humanitarian law the quick we may be
respected and the provisions be made to
facilitate access to the aid so urgently
needed by our brothers and sisters also
ensuring conditions for the return of
the displays consolation evoke a mobile
a terrace and we beseech fruits of
reconciliation for the holy land done
these days has also been wounded by a
wind respond they do not spare but the
defenseless
a perfectly made the audience for Yemen
having for the entirety beautiful we
pray may prevail over division and
increased oh you know and Arado
submission also true Sierra's mayor
brothers and sisters in Christ a
testimony do not infrequently put up
with in justices and persecution be
radiant witnesses of the risen Lord and
of the victory of good
Nero Antonella no univita building et
Ossa
we invoke on this day fruits of heart
for those who yearn for a more dignified
level yeah above all in those areas of
the African continent deeply affected by
hunger notches in Deming with conflicts
and terrorism may the peace of the
reason and the strife-torn Democratic
Republic of Congo
t-midi welcome in open hearts to
dialogue and mutual understanding let us
not forget the victims especially the
children today proprietary may there be
no lack of solidarity with all those
forced to abandon their native land for
living roots of dialogue and cortisol
for the Korean Peninsula the discussions
underway may advance harmony and peace
within the regions were directly
suggests act with wisdom journeymen and
discernment memorial of the korean
people's reader reported the future and
two failed relationships of trust within
the international community we also
proceed for Ukraine he followed it did I
conquer the steps taken to consolidate
you money and facilitated the
humanitarian initiatives needed by it so
that's your new Zoopla chiamo very
popular Venezuela we also invoke words
of consolation for the Venezuelan people
who has their bishops of Britain are
living in a kind of foreign land even
within their own country made that union
the resurrection of the Lord Jesus find
a chest open humane way to surmount
quickly the political and humanitarian
crises you know my grip is good
mr. may welcome an assistance not be
wanting to win sons and daughters forced
to abandon their homeland fruity Dino De
Vita Nova crystallis or tow Portobello
Bambi Nikki how cows had made the risen
Christ spring fruits of new life to
those children so as a result of Wars
and hunger lacking education health
parity that ostracizes those who were
not if he became a park or okay total
mundo we also in for those who a
political responsibilities in our world
always respect human dignity
candidates devote themselves to the
pursuit yes how many renewable
cigarettes and ensure the development
and security of their own citizens dear
brothers commonly done in our courts as
with the women and the Jew or
Christopher all these words are
addressed at a time article why do you
seek the living among the dead Monique
we he's not here very sore but has risen
la morte La Scala to de la parada no
sono pure Ultima parola death
solitude in fear or no longer give the
last word
there is a word that transcends that
only God can speak it is the word he
says the power of God's love it dispels
wickedness we should be no chance
washes faults away restores innocence to
the Fallen and joy to mourners you it
drives no hatred related a portent II
the rosters Concord
but in peace born up and brings down the
mighty happy Easter to all
if Santa Valerie Francisco Cardinal
Martino president His Holiness Pope
Francis great some plenary indulgence in
the form laid down by the church to all
the faithful and to those who receive
His blessing by radio television and new
communications media Almighty God to
grant the Pope many years as leader of
the church and peace in the church
throughout the world
contrarily agree the direct ISA a
controller per se UNITA Alocasia in
total mundo would be it would be
blessing may the Apostles Peter and Paul
and whose power and authority we trust
intercede for us before God through the
prayers and merits of the blessed Mary
ever-virgin st. Michael st. John and all
the saints they say there is to me but
they were city may Almighty God have
mercy on you and forgive all your sins
may Jesus Christ bring you eternal life
may the Almighty and merciful Lord grant
you indulgence absolution and the
remission of our sins a season of truth
and fruitful penance well-disposed
amendment of life if he the grace and
comforta spirit and finally perseverance
and good bodies of new portes emissary
for Tom Kennedy they omnipotentis
parties it feels
it's spiritual certainty they send that
super gross hit man yet semper that was
the blessing there from Pope Francis
curry Fratelli Israeli Holy Father now
continues dear brothers and sisters is
one of us I renew my wishes of happy
Easter to all of them and through many
different countries all of those who are
radio and other means of social
communication the joy and hope of the
risen Christ
may it give comfort to families audience
yeah and especially to the elderly that
but it's also the precious memory of
society into the youngest who represents
the future of the church and of humanity
we gradually say thank you for your
presence in this day of Easter important
it is the most important feast in
salvation the feast of Charlie a special
thank you for the gift of the flowers
unknown being that this year once again
come from Holland a gonna blouse yeah
Holy Father inviting all of those to
clap for the the Netherlands in the
Eternity Pascua Annunziata connelly
parolee in these days of Eastern Finland
which were announced the word is
pronounced with words and with the life
good news that jesus is risen he got the
please don't forget to pray for me but
I'm so yeah we're dead have a good lunch
and arrivederci
Holy Father ending his usual addresses
in the square with that don't forget to
pray for me
have a good lunch and dirty for there
chief
we see the flags again from all over the
world Pope Francis taking a moment to
look out over the crowds
excerpts there again from the Vatican
national anthem and the Italian one as
well the Vatican and Italy two separate
states
Pope Francis wherever you're following
the ceremony from today we invite you to
tune in on Monday the Monday after
Easter Pope Francis will pray the
Angelus Holy Father offering one last
blessing before he returns inside the
Vatican Basilica where he will greet a
delegation from the Netherlands and
thank them personally for the beautiful
floral arrangements and there they are
the face of the young people and a year
dedicated to them at Pope Francis's
expressed wish as we prepare to have a
special Senate dedicated to the young
people and their vocation in life we see
with a bird's-eye view as we come to the
end of this morning's Easter
celebrations Happy Easter all of us here
at Vatican media we thank you so much
for joining us
visit Vatican news dot ba for all of the
Pope's words today's anything you might
have missed and we thank you so much for
joining us on behalf of us all of here
I'm Mary shovelin once more Happy Easter
