taking a stand against a preordained
future has led to tragedy for a teenager
in the u.s. a Texas police accused the
parents of a 16 year old Muslim girl
over torturing their daughter for her
saying no to an arranged marriage with a
man who was offering the family $20,000
this young lady was abused she was
beaten with broomsticks at least at one
point she was choked almost at the point
consciousness and it's really
heartbreaking to hear Mari abolish Mari
was 15 when her parents decided to marry
her off to a man from another city after
her refused all they allegedly tried to
persuade her with force
she ran away before the wedding and was
reported missing at the end of January
this year
disappearing after she left school in
San Antonio Maria but was found in
mid-march her parents were arrested last
Friday and charged with abuse of a
family member
however they were released on bail two
days later police say other charges may
be filed in connection with the case
mari and her five siblings aged 5 to 15
have been placed with child protection
services the parents deny any wrongdoing
and stated Madam's possible
husband-to-be is also innocent her
father said all they wanted to do was to
help the young couple build a family
together and we spoke to the head of an
organization for the Prevention of child
marriages she told us that some US
states which allow early wedlock are not
helping matters unfortunately if you
look at the danger that exists currently
the US has a federal structure where
states have different ages of marriage
and unfortunately the u.s. like the UK
like Canada do allow marriage of girls
under the age of 18 if in the world
today 600
fifteen million women were married as
children then you know that they all
didn't run but of course there are cases
where girls are being empowered they
know their rights and they're able to
run unfortunately not as many girls are
able to make it to safety as they we
would like to see I think it compounds
the problem if the boy is over 18
because then you're talking about issues
of I would say statutory rape because
she's a minor I think more children are
becoming more aware there are more
services available where girls can get
help and support
