hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report the show that keeps it real in a
world that's becoming increasingly more
surreal ha ha yeah hey Stacy hey max so
we're back from Puerto Rico but I could
not really leave Puerto Rico spiritually
or mentally so I dressed kind of like
one of the buildings in Old San Juan
oh that's I love the color fantastic so
while we were in Puerto Rico Noemi Klein
you know the famous uh no logo author
she was had written a piece for the
intercepts and I wanted to follow up on
that and then basically go over our
perceptions after being in Puerto Rico
for nearly two weeks and see like part
of America what we feel about it and
what our assessment of it and what her
you know rebut some of her arguments
here it's a really good piece she wrote
for the intercept the battle for
paradise
Puerto Ricans and ultra-rich Porto pians
are locked in a pitch struggle over how
to remake the island now first of all
she did go around the island and she
went to a place called Casa pueblos
which is in an area called add who to us
which isn't basically in the middle of
the island a little bit to the west and
there's this one place called Casa
pueblos this beautiful pink building
everything is bright colored there and
it was the only place that had
electricity after the hurricane in the
whole region because they had solar
panels on the rooftop and so they were
able to you know provide electricity so
her takeaway was that in part the spread
of the gospel of renewables in the weeks
after the storm casa pueblo handed out
14,000 solar lanterns little square
boxes that recharge when left outside
during the day providing a much-needed
pool of light by night more recently the
community center has managed to
distribute a large shipment of
full-sized solar-powered refrigerators a
game-changer for households in the
interior that still don't have power
Casa Puebla has kicked off a hashtag
console and this is you know the attempt
by them to bring solar power and the
grid to the network
remember prepa the state owned Electric
Company is the one that controls the
trusty grid in Puerto Rico is a
state-controlled prepa which enabled
that built a system that relied on oil
imports from America expensive oil
imports from America because remember
the Jones Act you've got to have a US
built and manned crew bringing in the
shipments of the oil so preposition that
succeeded great points so how does Naomi
client fit into this
Naomi Klein is say hailing these local
people who are you know champions of
doing their stuff there and she's now
against however all the rich crypto
people coming into the island that has
been abandoned by 250,000 people 250,000
Puerto Ricans left the island after the
hurricane mostly going to Florida New
York and here she's talking about what
she saw at the same crypto conferences
that you and I were at we observed some
of these there were three or four
back-to-back here's her assessment of
what she saw at the same event we were
at conference attendees also learned
that if they move their own residency to
Puerto Rico they will not only be able
to surf every single morning but also
win vast personal tax advantages thanks
to a clause in the federal tax code u.s.
citizens who move to Puerto Rico can
avoid paying federal income tax on any
income earned in Puerto Rico and thanks
to another local law act 22 they can
also cash in on a slew of tax breaks and
total tax waivers that includes paying
zero capital gains tax and zero tax on
interest and dividends source to Puerto
Rico and much more all part of a
desperate bid to attract capital to an
island that is functionally bankrupt so
she's against this immigration she's
against the immigration to Puerto Rico
of rich people from the US many of whom
are indeed escaping taxes we'll go into
that in a bit
but you know this I position as a notion
that immigration we
oh is good for the mainland United
States I believe neomi Klein would agree
with that many left-wing progressive
people say immigration is good these
people coming into the United States are
good
I would assume having immigrants come to
Puerto Rico is also a good thing so
Naomi Klein the famed author who is
writing extensively on environmental
issues and social justice issues went to
these conferences in Puerto Rico and her
takeaway was that a bunch of rich people
have showed up and this is a danger to
the local economy and to the local
fabric of society so the first thing
that strikes me is that lefties like
Naomi feel they have a monopoly on good
intentions which I'm not sure where that
comes from
they have a monopoly on being stagnant
and not putting forward any policies
that gain traction that actually end up
in social engineering not since FDR but
since in the modern era they've got no
actual policies that have been
effectively enacted because they always
hide in the cave of good intentions and
they don't want to actually stick their
toe into doing something that would
require taking any risk as Nassim Taleb
would called
skin in the game they seem bereft of
wanting to ever have any skin in the
game number one number two apparently
she was at the conference however I
didn't see her at the conference and I
was there every day at the conference
and well in fact I know you were not at
the conference she was at I know you
were in the actual building it was in
the Vanderbilt the condado Vanderbilt
but you and I did not attend that
conference we were by the pool on those
two or three days it was an event that
was like $4,000 to attend we were not
going to pay four thousand eight
thousand dollars to attend it there were
three conferences there including the
one she went to we went to D 10 e &
Queen agenda this was the one that was
in the middle it did happen in our
building we didn't attend that Brock
Pierce had given the keynote address
the governor had attended this event as
well we did not attend it but I do know
like she has a know you know her vision
of it was much more negative and term
another words I was not aware that she
was at the conference yes I was there
and here Naomi Klein was there no so I'm
saying and whether she's physically in
that building next door is not the point
the point is I had no idea she was there
and I wouldn't expect her to be there
because I would expect her have any
positive input into something like this
because her understanding of Technology
crypto is zero obviously this intercept
protocol she's nobody and that was clear
and her comments are equally bereft of
anything substantial as it relates to
economics the economy and
cryptocurrencies and once again Brock
Pierce was character assassinated
she character assassinated Brock Pierce
just as John Oliver who's an immigrant
in America that character assassin
assassinated Brock - Brock Pierce is a
very complicated story he's very
controversial care but it's a luncheon
story a night the actual economics on
the ground story okay but let's go into
the economic story let's go into the tax
story let's do that forget her
personality or Brock's personality or
John Oliver's personality or anybody's
personal that's what she breaks it on
that loyalty boots on her soul but this
tweet I'm gonna read from her is totally
totally nothing personal specifically
about taxes here's the thing Brock
Pierce you cannot lead a movement of
crypto tax dodgers to a disaster ravaged
island and expect to be taken seriously
when you talk about giving back taxes
are how normal people give back pay your
damn taxes then tell us about your good
deeds so here's a woman it goes around
the world
ghost places like Argentina that gets
plundered goes to various you know
disaster zones around the world you and
I have been to many economic disaster
zones she goes to all sorts of
environmental disaster zones and
economic disaster zones but here she is
telling a guy to pay taxes to the US
federal government where almost all of
the you know that
the discretionary budget goes to the
Pentagon and to the basically causing
the very things she goes around the
world trying to fight on top of that we
have to recall what bitcoins very first
words were and that was the times
January 3rd 2009 Chancellor on brink of
second bailout of bags how did the
Chancellor of the United Kingdom have
the cash on hand to bail out the fraud
that took down our global financial
system how did the Chancellor have so
much money to bail out all those banks
right from taxes the pool of taxes and
of course all the corporations and the
energy corporations like Exxon or others
that are causing environmental problems
get huge subsidies that paid for by
taxes and so Naomi Klein I understand
where she comes up with this idea that
pay your taxes first and then circle
round back and think about distribution
of equality and opportunity a second I
mean I guess because she's Canadian and
they know Canadians have a different
mindset in terms of how the economy
works because it's a very different
organization ami in Canada than it is
the United States and so this idea that
pay taxes first ask questions later
seems to be the mindset of someone who's
been colonized by the corporate military
spy agenda in her mind and let me point
out that her book no logo
it says no logo okay and you look at the
upper right-hand corner of the title the
cover page of no logo is a little R with
a circle in it which is means a
registered trademark
so no logo is a logo is that meant to be
ironic or she's just a moron so you know
our observations perhaps her
observations were different you and I
are in the crypto community so we're
observed different things and she does
and perhaps her observations she would
she was looking for what she wanted to
see and perhaps we were looking for what
we wanted to see but our observations as
we went to Lotte 23 for example wit
which is a weekly gathering
Porto Ricans and there are lots of new
residents you know anybody who's
American and moves there becomes Puerto
Rican essentially because it's just like
we live in North Carolina
we're Tar Heels we weren't born and
raised here but we're Tar Heels now
because we live in North Carolina our
residents so if Brock Pierce moves to
Puerto Rico he's a Puerto Rican he lives
there he's Puerto Rican it's a part of
the United States we saw loads of born
and raised Porto Ricans at this weekly
gathering there were thousands of you
there were so many people at this event
and they apparently it's well attended
impact where was the only client these
events I did you know these are the
young people of Puerto Rico this
generation that's embracing new
technology venture capital startups
cryptocurrency which is the way to take
the Stoller Energy Project see talks
about and to Network them and to
capitalize them and to proliferate them
and to create something that would be
crypto solar generated power
distribution where was she at any of
these events I mean she likes to lecture
folks and say look I'm a lefty I have
moral superiority but I don't want to
have any skin in the game I don't wanna
take any chances I'll go on the
Democracy Now and Amy Goodman in a
pontificate for 30 minutes but God
forbid that I actually do something
except you know just wave my hand and
give it like a benediction over
something that I say should be but never
is and I want to quickly wrap up with
this we've we pointed out what crypto is
about and that is a response to the
bailouts of the banks using our tax
money and and basically laundering fraud
on behalf of those banksters and
secondly part of the issue that she
addresses which is the disaster zone
that is the electric grid there is
partly because they don't have
sovereignty they have a very bizarre
situation in Puerto Rico we covered it
they have the Jones Act they have to
import all this oil from America it cost
twice as much as anywhere else and what
cryptocurrency involves and what we've
shown I'm demonstrating we talked about
is it has individual sovereignty so
while they themselves have a domestic
issue of should they be States should
they not be a state regardless they are
a colony they are a weird sort of
they're not fully a state they don't
have full rights of a of a sovereign
nation they don't have full rights of a
of a state within the United States
so at least with cryptocurrency they
could establish a individual sovereignty
yeah absolutely and it's a fantastic
city fantastic plays Old San Juan is
like a European city that's why we're
probably gonna end up living there I
always wear this right well you know we
got to go take a break this rent
fantastic in Puerto Rico that's probably
why we're gonna live there ha ha ha
wouldn't that be fantastic well we got
to take a little break but don't go away
when we come back we'll actually be
doing stuff again from Puerto Rico don't
go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser you know to wrap up or Puerto
Rico series we have one last interview
and it's with Adela Toulon Forester
there was a lawyer out of Washington DC
specializing in cryptocurrency she also
hails from the nearby Caribbean nation
of Dominica I started by asking her
about the confusing regulatory regime
around crypto currencies at the moment
the SEC says icos are securities the
CFTC says Kryptos are commodities the
IRS says it's property and FinCEN says
it's money I asked her for her thoughts
on this issue what they're trying to do
is is try to to apply or put a call out
I should say to people that are missing
the you know the the registration or the
reporting so they're just putting on
white a wide net if you may so every
every single regulatory agency seems to
want to have you know some kind of
involvement so that they're not missing
those who are not doing the reporting
well then talking to people in the
crypto space they seem like surprised by
all of this and yet I have worked on
Wall Street for many years and it seems
like the least surprising thing you
could imagine I'm really not surprised
to be quite honest I mean regulator's
gone regulate right still it's it's just
it's not surprising let's talk about the
SEC for a second they've subpoenaed
dozens of icos initial coin offerings
now despite this there's a lot of ICS
being pitched right through the ICL
pitches are continuing
are they playing with fire at this point
well I don't know if I would go ahead
and you know create such a white brush
and see that they're playing with fire
but I'm I certainly think that the SEC
has put out a warning halt if you may to
just kind of let people know that look
there are rules that are in place here
that you probably need to follow you
might want to look into them so you know
always recommend talking to a lawyer
haha but somebody who does specialize in
crypto and securities so walk me through
what it's like so I'm running an ICO and
I get a knock on the door it's the SEC
and they've given me a subpoena what
does that mean and what do I do next
walk me through what happens right so I
just have to make it super clear that I
am NOT a securities lawyer at all this
is not my little bucket but what I what
I do say is what I have seen in at our
firm we deal with a Jayson Seibert who
is the world's premier scaried Kripa
securities lawyer and what I have seen
is that you know very first thing we do
is to reach out and have us start having
a friendly conversation and try to take
it from there
like conciliatory side of things is the
feeling at this point with all these
regulators coming on board do they work
together or are they distinct well one
would say that maybe they do it I mean
so there was the letter from FinCEN to
to widen recently right and what it did
state was that look FinCEN might have
regulatory purview over tokens issued by
you know these administrators what it
does say to me is that there's a little
bit of confusion about turf right so I
don't know exactly what it means I'm
just kind of like watching it play out
but what I can say what I do know is
that they are sort of saying that the
depending on the way that a token works
it might be acting as a currency and
therefore like under the offence and
purview right so you know sticking out
FinCEN for a second it didn't get as
much attention maybe as the other
regulatory rulings and yet it seems to
be kind of like the most dangerous
because they're talking about the
financial
crimes enforcement network and with jail
time and this type of thing
and so what does it mean legally you
know to the is it fair to say that it is
a cut above in terms of their
seriousness lack of a better phrase well
it's it's really serious actually
because you're dealing with a bunch of
things here if you are an MS via money
services business in the space it means
that you're subject to record-keeping
and recording that means above a certain
threshold you're actually collecting
data from every single one of your
customers and above a further four
threshold you're reporting to FinCEN who
then reports the IRS so yes they're
fines you know they're there are the
more serious consequences like jail time
so yeah it's a more it's a way more
serious thing I do think it's setting a
sort of dangerous precedent that litter
that eyerly er reference because what
you are let's say they're a hundred I
see you instead the ploy this year okay
that's a hundred more chances for if
people are just blindly going out and
registering as MSBs their financial
institutions that confers the ability or
the responsibility on their part to to
take and collect at a personal
information on the people that they
conduct business with can you imagine
what a disaster that would be so a
hundred more opportunities to collect
data that is being stored how where can
you just imagine that that the Hat folks
are privacy issues finally becoming a
money service providers ms P's MSB B
yeah and and without maybe thinking
about what this means in terms of
collecting all that data right because
that has to be ironclad without any you
know room for error in a lot of ways and
you've opened yourself up to a whole
little lawyers coming in with green
shades and eyeglasses I mean there this
is what they do all day long
exactly and there's nothing in a Bank
Secrecy Act that
speaks about the protection of of
customer data but we certainly know in
real-world application look at these
recent hacks that it is extremely
possible for these things to happen what
about these actors are they taking your
information and selling them for
somebody else I mean I think you know I
can definitely see from the regular
formula regulators point of view
something I've never thought that I
would say but I think from the consumer
point of view it is it is certainly
concerning and it might be a dangerous
precedent let's talk about the CFTC
chairman giancarlo right so he he seems
to be a jovial Jeff he went before our
Congress and he said some nice things
about the crypto community and out the
growth of tomorrow and he quoted some of
the catchphrases and people are like see
we're in we're in good with the
regulators at the time I said it's kind
of like good cop bad cop you know this
guy you know he's he's a regulator you
know he's not your friend necessarily I
mean they're they are they have a very
specific job to do now does the see but
that does the CFTC matter in relation to
the SEC or FinCEN so how do those stack
up in that sense in in a category of
seriousness I guess well I would I would
worry about the SEC a little bit more no
offense TC I would worry also about
things then
but as to what you said about his jovial
nature and the you know regulators that
are at least you know trying to show
that they're you know they have an open
mind to this because as you know there's
a lot of talent that is moving out
there's a great exodus from the United
States to warmer climes
you know favourable jurisdictions just
in terms of seriousness I I would I
would kind of worry about all of them
but look look there's nothing against
cooperation without putting your clients
information or their livelihood or their
freedom at risk prisoner's dilemma it
costs nothing to be nice and to have a
conversation because they're certainly
like really intelligent ways of going
about the end and even sometimes through
just education of okay what the client
is actually
doing so the the real versus the
perceived risks addressing that directly
what how much of a chill has all this
hat on the industry how much what a
chill a chilling effect if any I mean
how much if any has this affected the
industry adela right well so through a
real real world application what let me
see is a lot of clients coming in
they're very scared they don't know what
to do what their limitations are you
know a lot of the black letter law most
new black letter law does not speak
directly to crypto companies and crypto
businesses so you know there is there's
a bit of fair in the community but you
know we try to sway to people's affairs
and let them know okay this is how the
black letter can apply to what you're
doing so we do as you can imagine we do
a lot of ideation try to sort it out all
our abuse you know and here's how you
could possibly do this versus you know
just going blindly you know game theory
all right let's talk about an individual
estates Wyoming they passed some new pro
ICL legislation basically contradicts
everything the sec and FinCEN have stood
now what do you think's going on here
and is this gonna be a states versus the
feds matchup well possibly I mean I by
the way thank you
Wyoming for being seen about some things
and really addressing a lot of affairs
in the community right maybe if all the
states acted like that we wouldn't see
such a massive exodus of talent and
maybe we won't have a brain drain in the
next time you know industry the
marijuana industry in America one state
passed laws that made it permissible for
medicinal marijuana other states
followed suit people are thinking while
Wyoming they're gonna get a big benefit
they'll get a tax benefit they'll get a
tech benefit the dream gained other
states will want that piece of that
action is that what people are hoping
for and first of all do you think the
Wyoming is that gonna be robust what
they're doing is that for real
that's only left to be seen max I hope I
certainly hope so because there's so
much there's so many jobs there's so
many ways to capitalize on favorable
legislation right now I mean
the companies like Academy popping up
just doing block watching education I
just said my my son - a Bitcoin coding
horse there's so many jobs available in
this industry so why states would kind
of ignore those reality I don't I don't
really know all right finally
you're from the Caribbean what do you
think of the crypto community moving to
this area you know Puerto Rico is
becoming crypto Rico also the new
Eastern Caribbean Central Bank
announcement that they will pilot the
bit blockchain technology your thoughts
it's awesome look I think you've heard
me talk about the Caribbean and how I
would love to see it be the most
friendly crypto jurisdiction in the
world and I'm between the states and the
US so functionally that works for me and
so whilst I would not like to see a
brain drain in the country in the United
States it is nice to see that the states
will sort of the the Caribbean nations
could possibly capitalize on such a cool
industry frankly yeah that would be
awesome trick the Caribbean yes what
could be better
what could be better all right well
Bella thanks for being on the Kaiser
report thanks for having me again
all right yeah that's gonna do it for
this edition of the Kaiser report with
me Max Keiser at Stacey ever want to
thank our guest Abdullah - old Forester
lawyer specializing in cryptocurrency if
you want to catch us on Twitter it's
guys the report until next time bye Oh
