sumit of breaks in johannes work in July
the 16th of April will see the meeting
of the governmental Commission and
affairs of compatriots abroad chaired by
mr. Lavrov the focus will be on the
active participation of compatriots
living abroad in the elections of the
President of the Russian Federation on
the 18th of March the members of the
Commission are going to review their
outcomes of the executive bodies work
during the elections and their work on
the implementation of state policy with
regards to competitors living abroad in
2017 they are also going to review the
implementation of the state program on
providing support to voluntary settlers
from the Russian Federation living
abroad and I would like to remind you
that it's currently being implemented in
61 subjects of the Russian Federation
their goal they are also going to set
the course for future they plan to adopt
the comprehensive plan for the
implementation of state policy of the
Russian Federation with regards to
compat rates living abroad for 2018 to
2020 for the first time together with
the interested ministries and agencies
Russian public organizations and
relevant humanitarian funds took place
in the drafting of the document the main
event this year will be the 6th World
Congress of Russian camp at rates living
abroad it is going to take place at the
end of October and the start of November
of this year and we place special
significance on this event and the
Commission is going to consider the
concept of holding this event now moving
on to our main agenda again as per
tradition I would like to start with a
situation in Syria in recent days with
the support of the Russian military from
the center for the reconciliation of
warring parties an agreement
on the evacuation of fighters from the
last from their last outpost in eastern
Ghouta that is the city of Douma has
been reached the evacuation started on
Sunday the 1st of April and the fighters
of the philic ar-rahman and left the
city that day in total more than 1,100
people including their family members
they were relocated to areas not on the
Syrian government control in the
province of EDA lipt and on the 2nd of
April the first group of the so called
irreconcilable from Jaysh al-islam
followed suit we are talking about the
irreconcilable because the members of
illegal armed armed groups who made the
decision to lay down their weapons got
the opportunity to make use of the
amnesty currently active and to resolve
their legal status in accordance with
the order of the president they can go
back to their life or even be recruited
into the Syrian army that's why they
don't need to leave for Eid lip or
jeribai loose in the north of the Aleppo
province the radicals among the fighters
are trying to undermine this process and
they are spreading rumors about the
inevitable Massacre and violence which
allegedly will be bestowed on those who
remained behind
but these lies this provocations are not
popular with the civilians they are
tired of their arbitrary actions of
Fighters and they are very much looking
forward to the return of legal
authorities which can provide security
and safety for the citizens and to
provide them with the opportunity to
leave to work and to raise their
children in our places of eastern Goethe
we observe a reverse flow that is the
return of the local population to their
homes this very fact shatters the myth
created by terrorist propaganda and
their sponsors
regarding the fact that after the exodus
of the indigenous population from the
uncle of surgeon Shira settlers are
going to take their place this is a
classical example of this information
but those people are trying to wake up
from this long terrorist nightmare and
they no longer believe those lies
although they see that we see that those
lights are being quickly disseminated we
can see the changes in the damascus
itself the multi-million capital the
population of which have been living in
fear of daily arbitrary shelling of
residential areas from eastern goethe is
now enjoying a hope of a peaceful life
and those hopes are linked with a total
overcoming of the crisis through the
restoration of the unity of the country
and peaceful political settlement russia
continues to exert efforts in this area
including within the framework of
efficient cooperation with their
partners the US no formal guarantees
that is Iran and Turkey the situation in
Syria is the most important topic for
discussion at the Ankara summit taking
place today this is the second trilithon
summit of the states that i mentioned
this is not the only topic related to
Syria I would also like to remind you
that the 7th of April will mark one year
since the time that in breach of the
United Nations Charter in a breach of
the international law the United States
carried out massive cruise missile
strikes on sharat airbase to the south
of Homs province the pretexts were the
propagated by the Western media claims
and those claims were heedless and
baseless they claimed that the Syrian
airplanes on this airfield have carried
out a chemical attack on the 4th of
April and this chemical attack resulted
in numerous Victor's in Han Ji Hoon
this condition the administration of the
United States allegedly is shocked being
shocked by the sufferings of the Syrian
population decided to use force against
a country who is a member of the UN
without any additional investigation
they did not take into consideration
that the United States themselves played
a very important role in the elimination
of chemical weapons in Syria back in
2013 and 2015 after launching 60 cruise
missiles which targeted Syrian pilots
who were defending their own country
nobody needed another proof of their
complicity international experts and I
would like to remind you once again have
not arrived at the site of the incident
and they cited that it is not safe to go
there they did not appear on the sharat
airfield which was bombed and I would
like to remind you that they received
reassurances of full security it would
be logical to try to find traces of
poisonous substances of toxic agents but
this was not the case and there can be
only one explanation the experts were
apparently sure that the facts which
would support their version on the use
of chemical weapons by Syrian pilots
could not be found and so accordingly it
was clear that this whole campaign was
just a classic case of provocation and
just recently the Pentagon ahead mr.
mattis has stated that Washington does
not have any proof that the Syrian
government has used chemical weapons no
doubt about that and following that to
the president of France mr. macron
stated that if France receives such
proof then they would resort to the use
of force we can conclude
that Washington and Paris do not have
the proof what about the so-called
samples from Han Chi hoon which were
examined by French chemists and British
scientists in any case during the
counterterrorism operation which the
Syrian forces with the help of the
Russian army carried out in eastern
Goethe it became clear that the West
does not exclude the possibility of
further falling into this Bluff tailspin
during the liberation of those areas
from the terrorists they found workshops
on the production of explosives where
they had a significant stalk of toxic
agents in particular they talked about
chlorine and the locals informed the
authorities about the preparation of the
provocation with their participation of
the white helmets and to their target
was to create a pretext to pose new
allegations against Damascus and we are
greatly concerned that those
preparations coincided with the kind of
preventive declarations made by the US
the permanent representatives of the
u.s. to the united nation nikki Haley
who has threatened that if Syrian
government is to use chemical weapons
then Washington responses to follow and
is going to be of the same scope as in
Han Shi Hyun that's a quote
Russia has undertaken decisive steps to
stop those dangerous games on the 13th
of March they had of the Russian
military staff and I'm I'm sorry that's
not his full toilet and the first deputy
minister to the Ministry of Defense
proclaimed their retaliatory measures
which are going to be undertaking by the
Russian Federation in case there will be
a threat to the lives of the Russian
military men in Syria
we are convinced that with regards to
the situation in Syria as well as with
other issues of foreign policy all the
international and regional players
should comply with the standards of the
international law and to be guided by
the UN Charter a collective efforts on
providing help to the Syrians on
reaching a resolution should be based in
the resolution 2254 the Security Council
on the basis of sovereignty independence
and territorial integrity of Syria the
future of this state and I would like to
underscore it one more time can be
defined only by the Syrian people any
steps beyond the scope of international
legal field might only heighten the
tensions and to lead to ramping up of
the conflict potential and there is more
risk if foreign external forces would be
engaged in this issue while they try to
resolve their immediate interests
another region but no less complicated
situation I would like to comment on the
losses among the civilians as a result
of air raids in Afghanistan various
media outlets have published information
about the fact that the Afghani air
forces carried out missile strikes on
madrasahs in the northern province of
conduced the result of which more than
60 people have been killed or wounded
including the Taliban fighters however
according to the witnesses a great
number of civilians are also victims of
the attack along with the Taliban
fighters because just at that very time
Madras hosted a graduation ceremony and
there are more than 300 people in the
building this events are cause for great
concern in such errors on the part of
the government forces and the forces of
the Western coalition which lead to
human tragedies are taking place more
and more often an hour through the
becoming commonplace
stood much the US Air Force's while
using drones carried out a number of air
raids on nan Guerra hard element
Condor gar and Farah these attacks
resulted in victims among those Afghani
who did not support armed resistance and
on the 90th of March the Parliament of
Afghanistan have presented a request to
their gaining president with them
requirement to launch an investigation
into the bombardments of the US Air
Force's of the residential areas in nan
gur har and Kandahar
they also highlighted that on the 17th
and 18th of March the Americans carried
out free air strikes in the region which
killed 19 civilians and wounded 24 we
know that other such cases are quite
common which the Afghani commandant and
their Western allies try not to expose
victims among the civilians are a cause
for a great concern and once again it
underscores that the new strategy of
actions in Afghanistan advanced by the
u.s. and I would like to remind you that
it focuses on the more active use of
force is a losing strategy and new
crimes multiplying as a result new
crimes against humanity and we see that
more and more of their allies are now
completed in this actions this leads to
the increase of the opponents to the
active government in Afghanistan and
undermines the support for the peaceful
initiatives in the country we would also
like to comment on the declarations made
by the US and the information in the
media regarding the alleged support to
the Taliban movement by Russia in
certain media they still savor
absolutely Hollow and baseless
allegations of the u.s. representatives
about
to the alleged military aid provided by
Russia to Taliban we are talking first
and foremost about the recent statement
made by the US mission commander in
Afghanistan general Nicholson American
officials continue to reiterate those
allegations they are not even bothering
to provide any kind of evidence however
there are multiple evidence that and
American circles do acknowledge that
that the Taliban is acquiring enough
weapons in Afghanistan itself including
from the stocks of weapons and technical
equipment which were provided to Kabul
by Washington accordingly in the new
report of the general inspector of the
Department of Defense of the United
States published on the 21st of March
they acknowledge that Pentagon cannot
provide details regarding the provision
of military aid to Afghanistan amounting
to three billion dollars u.s. the volume
of weapons the volume of arms provided
you can fathom from that number they do
not exclude the misuse or embezzlement
of the provided ammunition view and
transport once again we are talking out
about millions of dollars but we are
talking about three billion dollars for
example there's no inventor released for
dozens of thousands of military vehicles
in 2016 in a pentagon report in
particular they declared the loss of
around one point of a half of 1.5
million items of small-arms which were
supplied by the security forces to the
security forces of Iraq and Afghanistan
including 978 thousand of assault rifles
m4 and m16 according to a special
general inspector of the US and the
reconstruction of Afghanistan in 2014
43 percent of the weapons provided to
Afghan Armed Forces were likely got into
the hands of Isis or Taliban once again
43% that's almost a half of all the
weapons provided to the Afghani forces
and they likely got into the hands of
Isis and the Taliban a renowned American
journalist Douglas piecing in his book
funding the enemy how US taxpayers
bankroll the Taliban assesses Taliban
revenue from American aid to Afghanistan
at 1 billion dollars u.s. per year in
2010 the report of the Congress entitled
warlord incorporated stipulates that
American military helps the extremists
to gain profit by paying dozens of
millions of dollars in payoffs to the
Taliban for unhindered access of their
convoys through their territory
I would like to underscore that this is
not Russian information this is not the
data provided by the so called Russian
propaganda which they often cite in
Washington in London in Brussels
those are all American sources moreover
this is in essence the official American
says sources in this regard I would like
to underscore the futility of the
attempts of the American scientists ship
the responsibility for the degradation
of the situation in Afghanistan on our
country we have stated numerous times
before that we support direct
negotiations between the government of
Afghanistan and the Taliban and that's
what our contexts were aimed at and we
are glad that we that the Americans have
finally came to the same conclusion
which supported the call the President
of Afghanistan to hold direct
negotiations with the moment at the
recent forum in Cabo and Tashkent
and now we're moving on to an issue that
is become a hot-button issue for the
global media and is being discussed
various international organizations in
national media as well as has in the
public generally say I would like her to
ask my colleagues to bring me one book
from my room and I will tell you what
this book is because we are going to
invoke some historical parallels from
time to time because we have been
hearing a lot from our Western partners
that one can use some historical
parallels like Russia's actions and
basing their assumptions for example
when it comes to the so-called screebl
case I think it's a fine idea and we
will do it in the future
we will use some historical sources from
the UK history we will invoke some world
renowned classics like mr. Boris Johnson
has told us we have found a lot of very
interesting things in these sources okay
so today on the 4th of April Russia is
holding an extraordinary session of the
OPCW addressing as situation regarding
the accusation but by one state member
against another state member the
Salisbury incident as well as the
measures that can be carried out in this
regard we have initiated a comprehensive
set of measure regarding the provoking
actions of the United Kingdom and the
government of this country that have
been accusing absolutely basically
making some accusations over the alleged
poisoning of mr. screed followed by
Russia provoking a major diplomatic rift
as well as the baseless expulsion of
Russian diplomats from a number of
countries every month we have been
trying to resolve this situation
advocating for for an investigation of
this case however our calls have fallen
death on the years of the United Kingdom
and they haven't responded to any of our
questions we understand that our
questions that are concrete and precise
as you may have witnessed yourself they
are not politically charged those
questions have to do only with the
investigation as well as the chain of
custody and the granting of access to
the Russian citizens so our questions
could not be answered by the countries
there for some reason man
decided to manifest their solidarity
with United Kingdom but it has nothing
to do with the true solidarity it's a
full solidarity meanwhile we're ready to
comprehensive open and highly qualified
cooperation with the United Kingdom
bilaterally and the OPCW inviting the
representatives of the Technical
Secretariat of the OPCW as well as other
stakeholders of this so-called crippled
case I would like to emphasize one more
time that as far as we have understood
from the British and US and European
media European society just common
people in the United Kingdom are sure
Russia denied the United Kingdom to give
any information on the case not willing
to discuss this question at all and has
ruled out any possibilities of further
cooperation there is a hundred percent
lie from the first moment in our
official diplomatic correspondent
through diplomatic channels via our
embassy in London we have tried to
maintain contact with our British
partners we have been advocating
consistently for dialogue in order to
look into the sources and materials that
the London authorities have but there
but they have made those sources
confidential and now the official London
is abstaining from any contacts with the
Russian Federation and the United
Kingdom has been publicly and officially
denying to maintain this contact context
meanwhile they are trying to impose in a
public opinion that it was Russian
Russia's decision to stop all those
contacts when making this extraordinary
session of the OPCW Russia hopes that we
will be able to resolve this problem
using well basing our decision on the
international government and basing our
decisions upon the CWC it is necessary
to lower the tensions in order to find
out the truth and find relevant
solutions we are sure that we need to
carry out a thorough full investigation
cooperate with our partners and it is
the only way to look into this case and
to find out the true causes of the sole
risk solarii case Russia is ready to do
that and we need to be aware that taken
into account all
are there accusations against rush as
well as the anti Russian propaganda an
anti-russian decision oh we will need to
find answers all of us here's a very
important thing they would like to
emphasize we're talking about on the
accusation by very a number of states
the thing is that in Europe in in a
European state at this point stayed that
is still a part of the European Union
there was a crime using chemical nerve
agents now have the information that we
have have is very scarce we can base our
assumptions only on some information in
the media in the television and
newspapers but like to emphasize one
more time that the statements made by
the chemical laboratory in Porton Down
where Nord transferred to us as official
sources as official data materials and
we are learning new information from the
media I would like to draw attention to
the fact that this so-called scruple
case now we are being overwhelmed by
misinformation and I will talk about
late in more detail the absurdity of the
situation is that for some reason the
United Kingdom thinks it is possible to
kiss Russia over using fake news well
the indignation felled by Russian
citizens is quite understandable we are
receiving hundreds of letters a day from
all the Russian citizens they are
demanding a very harsh response and
everything has this indignation that is
not baseless is now turning into sarcasm
and is now generating a lot of psychotic
remarks as well as a video on the
internet various photos and maps and so
on it could be funny and we could laugh
at it but it's not a case and I would
love to ask everyone to keep in mind
that the Russian citizens that are now
in the United Kingdom I'm talking about
mr. screw Paulin his daughter Hugh
descri pol they are in a critical
condition well and we are basing our
assumption only on the information that
we're learning from the media so we
believe it is necessary to respect the
private life for those people these
people are our compatriots there are now
in a very harsh situation I would like
to say that we have been requesting some
information through official channels
regarding the situation with a scruple
case we are requesting our consular
access
meanwhile we're maintaining contacts
with the family of victims the Russian
embassy in London has contacted one of
their relatives a victorious Creepo
and our diplomats are sharing the
information they have on the health
condition of her family they are
reporting on some efforts made to grant
access to Russian citizens as well as
some information regarding the
investigation by the British authorities
but and the family is finding itself in
this absolutely hellish wave of
misinformation so victorious creep Alice
is planning to visit her relatives and
you know it
kingdom in order to support them
psychologically and morally we believe
it is a very natural and sincere desire
that is of great relevance now now when
we are hearing that Julius cripple is
feeling better now victorious creep Hall
is has filed in a request for visa
filling in all the necessary documents
and we hope that the British Embassy
will help her in this process and we
hope that it will happen sir because it
is a situation of humanitarian
importance it is absolutely non common
situation so we will provide all
necessary assistance to victorious
kripaal or while here in wall street is
in the United Kingdom and now I would
like to comment on the remarks made by a
chemical laboratory important down as
you know the head of this department
that well as far as we can see is a very
close to non transparent Department Gary
Edmund has said that he cannot confirm
that the nerve agent that used for
poisoning skree Paul and his daughter
was produced in Russia according to him
the chemical lab could not trace its
origin but they have provided some
scientific data to the British
government they'd used a lot of other
sources in order to make their
assumptions meanwhile we all know quite
well from the British media which
assumptions they made we're hearing it
every day and every day were presented
with a new version of what had happened
there British has made direct accusation
saying that Russia has been
engaged in misinformation or campaign
producing fake version and they said it
for some reason Russia's producing those
fake versions meanwhile they are quoting
the ex the opinions by experts
professionals by representatives of
academia as well as the different
journalists saying that their statements
made during television debates as some
official statements of version made by
the Russian Federation I would like to
stress that that Moscow has is not
trying to impose any version versions
over the last month we have been trying
to get some information from the British
meanwhile we are receiving a lot of
questions from Russian and international
journalists over the accusation
accusations made by a London against
Russia and only by answering this
question trying to find well at least
some hints that could lead us to
understanding of the situation and when
doing this we are not voicing any
versions but we are trying to base our
answers on some facts and the official
position of the Russian Federation has
been formulated through our answers to
the media questions I would like to
emphasize one on one with him that
Russia has no official data just trying
to find anything any hints that could
clarify the situation meanwhile the
United Kingdom has all the necessary
information that has become confidential
and the there are a lot of leaks by
anonymous sources and Animus experts
and anonymous representatives of some
official bodies and the versions that
were here in the media are being based
on those anonymous hit hints so we are
hearing that scribblers were poisoned by
an opioid fentanyl then later we heard
that a bunch of flowers that they
brought to the cemetery could be
poisoned then we had that this nerve
agent was in the core ventilation system
or probably one of the vehicle parts was
poisoned somebody said that cripples
could be poisoned just out in the street
and the the well supposedly the police
said that some civilians just residence
so for Salisbury could also be poisoned
by this nerve agent and public health
authorities in the United Kingdom
recommended to anyone who visited mina
was easy pub that scruples visited that
aide who washed their clothes and to
clean their phones and well can you
imagine that that against the backdrop
of all the other information that we
have against the BET statements that the
nerve agents the chemical weapons we
used for this poisoning then we had
another version that do handle in
scribbles house was poisoned then we had
an other version that this agent was
fooled on some items in u.s. crippled
suitcase or probably that who make up
kid was poisoned or probably she got a
presence that also was poisoned and
another version is and it is an absurd
one than this poisoning agent was
brought in a package of bark with with
some spices or in a package with soul or
else that healeth scruple did manage to
get from Moscow and asked her
and to bring it to London so we can see
that somebody is trying to misinform
ages
well well well keeping it a hold button
is you given a new new versions each day
meanwhile well I would like to remind
you that all the information information
is in possession of the United Kingdom
and it is confidential well it is
absurdity the people those people are in
a critical health condition their
relatives do not understand what is
happening international experts are
coming to collect some samples in order
to carry out some lab studies meanwhile
Russian official representatives in the
UK cannot confirm the identity of those
people and once again we are seeing a
lot of missing of misinformation through
leaks in the media and against the
backdrop of this campaign and all the
versions that are ever-changing because
it looks like a never-ending spin and
we're hearing all the time
well according to Daily Telegraph the
Russian highly professional team of
Russian criminals is involved in this
case so it is a classic case of
misinformation they're using some semi
truthful facts in order to create a
media hype without giving any official
statements over what is happening and
how the investigation is going well
according to the noob time poisoning a
door handle is a very risky task so it
could be
you carried out only by trained
professionals meaning Russians and me
and the fact that it is not possible to
establish whether Putin himself ordered
that it is impossible yet because he is
a very close person but it is Tomas it
is scary that today an official media is
dabbling in such seditious activities
this is a true informational war waged
by London and Western media we are
confused regarding the fact that instead
of generating all those versions and
conclusions
the British law enforcement does not
engage in the official investigation why
they do not want to cooperate with the
investigation which could shed the light
on the actual events and I'm talking
about the Russian law enforcement bodies
and the criminal proceedings initiated
in Russia and while providing all those
slapdash verdicts they do not wait for
any of the show results through the OPCW
for example and they do not want to
cooperate with Russia as well and why
despite the many requests they have not
provided any information regarding the
investigations so where are the
transcripts of the telephone
conversation of the family of scruples
where is CCTV camera footage where are
the the barest evidence of any kind of
sequence safety and reliability of
collecting evidence
where are the detailed analysis results
of the Porton Down laboratory the
analysis of samples which were allegedly
taken biological samples allegedly taken
from the victims
and the British have not yet responded
to the requests of the Russian embassy
to provide them with access to Portland
down laboratory experts I understand
that such an idea might not be something
that the British side is too keen on
because they have something to hide
because Porton done has not yet answered
the very simple question they answered
many questions but they have not
answered the main question and the
simple one you at Porton Down have you
developed this substance have you
produced it
have you studied it have your laboratory
developed a kind of a sample of this
novel choke nerve agent according to the
Western classification and porton down
has not responded to these questions I
would like to underscore once again that
in breach of all the international
standards and norms Russian side has not
yet been provided with consular access
to the citizen of the Russian Federation
moreover we keep trying to gain this
access we've also verified this
information and I have not seen it
published in the media but we do have
this information
we've verified it and I can share it
with you today we have verified
information that at the houses creep
house they had pets so why does it
matter and what does it have to do with
investigation but it has a lot to do
with the investigation if we are talking
about the use of chemical agents and the
many versions that we have now related
to the house of the screep house the
very place that they dwelled in
so where are those pets now we even have
an understanding of how many pets they
had but again this is the question to
pose to the British side so what are the
pets what is their condition and why the
British who keep leaking the information
about the investigation to the media
have concealed these very important fact
we are talking about living bodies and
if nerve agents were indeed used in the
house as reported by the British media
citing unknown sources then those bets
should have been injured and wounded as
a result and why so swiftly without a
trial they have accused Russia
considering that this nerve agent could
be potentially produced in 20 countries
including the laboratory - situated just
in several kilometers away from the site
of the attack nobody responded to that
and Russia tries to advocate for logic
for a transparent investigation and
tries to advocate dialogue regarding the
Salsbury
attack however the British tried to
deliberately build up their
disinformation campaign they're not
providing any evidence they are
providing any facts they're building
their theory on they're highly likely
assumption we're not talking about the
breach of the presumption of innocence
principle we are talking about the in
willingness of the security council
member and nuclear power and that is the
power which holds special responsibility
for the international stability to be
engaged in a logical open and just Dalek
with another state with the use of
bilateral channels and international
platforms including the OBC W another
topic
I would like to draw your attention to
this information and it can be freely
accessed as soon as we see a lot of
leaks from the British media and they
are trying to make use of unverified
information I would like to highlight
this information which has long been on
the Internet and is not now a thing of
interest for the British or for the
British political establishment
according to WikiLeaks website after the
publication of the now notorious book of
mercy on earth the US and the UK have
actively been trying to water down
international discussions regarding the
book and regarding the nerve agent
belonging to the Norwich Hawke family of
agents as it turned out in April of 2009
Hillary Clinton came up with instruction
for their members of the delegation of
the State Department which was then
going to the group of Australia meeting
this is an informal group of Western
countries it is headed by the US and
they negotiate on the expert control of
materials related to weapons of mass
destruction and those instructions
compiled by Hillary Clinton in case the
negotiations will City discussions of
the nerve agent nor the chalk and Oh
miss Dianna's book this instruction did
not appear out of nowhere after the
publication of the book their experts
from another number of countries which
were working on chemical weapons
including within the framework of the
OPCW those expert started asking
questions and those were not questions
they were prepared to answer so those
instructions had
five main points and it would be
wonderful if at the briefing of the
State Department they would comment on
that the first item to avoid any
substantial discussion of the Mirza yang
book and I can even cite the original
book state secrets banks borrowing item
to do not launch and do not provoke any
conversation regarding the book and to
not have any substantial discussion if
therefore I mentioned topic arises in
the conversation provoked conversation
about the book or engage substantively
if it comes up in conversation you
shouldn't one more item to report on any
cases of the mentions of the baku
insistence in which the book is raised
to the point
item four to express your lack of
knowledge regarding the aforementioned
topic can you imagine that the
instruction of the State Department for
the experts on such agents and those
experts are well aware of the book and
of the issue and this instruction
stipulates that those experts going to
this group meeting to not give away
their awareness of the topic discretion
and in English its of a familiarity with
the issue as Ligny Buchta and the last
item to carefully create obstructions to
the substantial discussions of the topic
while suggesting leaving this question
to the experts in the capitals and not
long before those instructions were
compiled on the 28th of March in 2009 in
a telegram from Prague this information
can be found on the Internet may be some
would try to refute it or maybe to
confirm it the American diplomats
report that they have instructed their
colleagues from the Czech Ministry of
Affairs that they do not want to have a
public discussion of the chemical agents
of the next generation the media in the
Czech Republic have been actively
criticizing us because we keep
mentioning Prague in the context of the
screep our case but this is not
fortuitous there are a lot of questions
to be answered but those questions
should be answered by the citizens of
the Czech Republic but not for us but
for themselves they should understand
what kind of games they were dragged
into and what kind of games they are
forced to play those games focusing
around chemical agents which have this
very specific purpose do they the
citizens of the Czech Republic
understand what did the situation like
in their country within the framework of
the scientific studies Carragher carried
out by NATO and do their officials and
the representatives of the services of
this very country have something to do
with the studies and research carried
out by NATO in their country I would
like to underscore one more time that
those materials could be found on the
Internet
this should be a cause for a national
investigation moreover as the American
telegram from Prague shows as now
everyone knows this is where the OPCW
headquarters is situated before this
situation experts were only aware that
now even children know where it's
situated the representatives of the
Ministry of Defense of the UK the truth
country have been carrying out
negotiations with their colleagues from
Finland while insisting on avoiding the
topic of Navi chalk
and this all falls into place as this
scary jigsaw puzzle which shows the
actual picture of what the world looks
like right now and what London is trying
to drag other country center and London
is supported by a Washington in the 90s
the research of such ancients were
carried out in Edgewood and were carried
out on the basis of the Department of
Defense and this a 234 were in the
database of the National Institute of
the US where they compile data about all
the newly synthesized organic substances
and in the year 2000 out of the
considerations of national security
they have deleted this information from
the database then they came up with
those kind of instructions at the same
time the structural formula for the
Novacek agents which allows to recreate
this agent in any kind of high-tech
laboratory was first presented in the
Mercer Yaniv book you should take into
consideration that in accordance with
item 1 of article 1 of the CWC every
member of the organization shall not
develop produce acquire by any other
means not to stockpile not to safeguard
and not to share directly or indirectly
chemical weapons to whatever party in
this way the publication of the Nova
choc formula which was brought about by
the US can be considered as sharing the
knowledge about chemical agent that is
the appropriation of a chemical agent
and a flagrant violation of the CWC it
is not surprising that the State
Department recommended to their
employees to avoid the discussions of
the topic and now I would remind you of
the two questions that London asked us
to answer first regarding Moscow's
involvement
in the Salsbury attack or our loss of
control of chemical weapons this is the
very essence the loss of control over
data over formulas that's the end of the
90s and the start of the 200 mm the US
the UK and so on and so forth we can see
that it's worth noting that after this
revelatory book of Marciano was released
to the Council of the OPCW has
considered whether this a 30 full
substance should be included into the
list of the organization and drumroll
they kept coming to the conclusion that
there is no intractable evidence of its
existence and often need to classify it
as a chemical toxic substance the UK and
the American scientists supported this
point of view and at the same time they
were developing instructions that they
were later sending to their experts and
Washington and London home presented
polar rise positions after the incidents
this u-turn and this synchronized
actions do support the point of view
that this was planned beforehand we've
also paid attention to the article of
the secretary of defense of the u.s. he
talks about that Russia Russia's
development of new long-range missiles
and nuclear weapons is a serious threat
and it shows it is evidenced by the cold
blooded chemical attack on Salisbury and
it requires Britain to modernize its
arms and weapons so we are being
attacked we need more money we need more
weapons it's evident that anti-russian
rhetoric in London is still beyond
measure and the declarations made by the
shows are becoming more and more
irrational unfortunately this is going
to be said and reiterated we are going
to keep commenting on that and if we are
to ignore this now traditional desire to
restrain our country on an international
arena and to fuel and Russian hysteria
we can see one more reason which shows
that long and would benefit from fueling
the scrip our case we are told that we
have motives but our Western partners
have even more motifs than we do
by creating by building an enemy out of
Russia against the backdrop of the
events in Salisbury the government of
the UK tries to resolve their own
immediate issues and those are very high
price issues unfortunately we have to
follow all the publications regarding
the Salisbury attack and we have paid
attention to the recent article in
handles blood that's a German newspaper
this publication has outdone everything
we have read regarding the distortion of
Russian approaches it was published on
the 29th of March and I would like to
underscore that although Russia from the
very start had been calling upon London
to cooperate they state that Moscow is
silent
Moscow is being covered and Moscow is
lying with regards to the development of
Norwich Oakland tries to play the unfair
game with the organization by suggesting
to hold an investigation on the articles
of the OPCW which would leave Russia
unmarked Honda's blot is not interested
in any kind of information that is out
there not even mercy on of spoke not the
State Department instructions in the US
and their many many versions that are
being leaked and they are not being led
to the conclusion that it was all
planned beforehand I believe that the
rhetoric used in this case not only by
this publication but by a number of
Western
Outlets confirms that all those anti
Russian attacks were falsified I would
like to remind you that in the UK those
the crime was committed against two
Russian citizens so Russia insists on
all-round highly professional and open
investigation of all the circumstances
to provide for proper condition to find
the solution for this situation
it's an idea but I think is a very
symbolic act probably some kind of
coincidence that it was a German media
that has been saying that Russia was is
to blame and now I would like to take it
back to the history so please bring me
the book that I had asked you I'm going
to redo everything show you everything
so please buckle your belts because this
information is not for the federal ones
such campaigns that we are now
witnessing in the media is quite an old
issue and the Western countries have
been using it for a long time when I'm
talking about a long time I'm not
talking about the new history and the
propaganda against Russia over the so
called Cripple case has been made using
the old templates but he cannot imagine
how what it is it's not even retro it is
antique well let's go back to the 19th
century to the late 19th century in many
European countries the public has been
following very closely the explosions in
London in 1883 1885 and the media of
course started making different
assumptions so there was presented one
particular version saying that Russia
was involved in those explosions and
guess who maybe me came up with this
version German entrepreneur and
philosopher Friedrich Engels
it was his essay called the emperor
Russian fool private DynaMed counselors
it was published on the 29th of January
in 1885 in the German newspaper there
social democrat this article is included
in russian edition of marx and angles
works it was published in the 1961 and
it was prepared by by a relevant body
ok so let's hope in the page number 195
and it is quoting the original text and
you can read it in Russian well but of
course we had to double check it so you
can see on the screen
leave photo images of that edition of
the dead issue of newspaper that was
published back then on the left you can
see highlighted in white and it was done
yes it's not how original loose so you
can see that the beginning of this
article is highlighted and white where
we did it we checked their translation
whether it is consistent with the
original because the article was
published in German and I would like to
quote it well one more time Friedrich
angles on the 29th of January of 1885
rode the following
ah you don't have any reasons to doubt
that those London explosions we're
masterminded by Russia well it sounds
very much highly likely doesn't it those
explosions were masterminded by Russia
and Russian money everybody knows that
official Russia will use any means
available if they will make them achieve
the goal well there are a lot of
examples of what official Russia can do
in order to eliminate unfavorable
individuals using poison knife and so on
there are many examples in balcon
history over the last 100 years those
explosions have been - well a time and
they cannot bar to make us ask ourselves
who benefits from them who's interested
in those explosions which seem pointless
resulting in many cuddled casualties not
only among the lower officials of the
police in bourgeois but as well as the
workers and their families who benefits
from it I would like to say that when
this article was written and published
Friedrich Engels lived in the United
Kingdom and he was working closely with
with the British establishment well
let's call it that way well he
cooperated with political establishment
in the United Kingdom Oh later remind
you that official Germany said that
angles was a spy and was demanding
London to send him to Germany
John Russell the British
foreign secretary was denying that
doesn't that remind you there's
something and well later in this story
that involved a lot of countries a lot
of political interests and the
historians later wrote lazing on the
some air kyv materials and sources from
Scotland Yard that the culprits of those
explosions were extremists to
organisations and they were named them
they had a lot of affiliated groups in
the United States and European countries
the police phone found also those who
supplied dynamic there was the residence
of different countries but none of them
had nothing to do with Russia polite
reminder it was 1885 a German newspaper
published an article another accusation
about Russian involvement - murder -
assassination carried out in the United
Kingdom
we hope that Morden Scotland Yard will
follow this historical example and will
not cave in to an unprecedented
political pressure put on them by their
own government framing them in a way
while trying to achieve their own
political goals and framing the real
true work is all flow enforcement bodies
as well as the academia and we hope that
the true reasons of this crime will be
revealed
during the last briefing one of the
Bulgarian media representatives ask me
about publication of an independent
Bulgarian journalist that was published
on the 27th of March and it it is on the
investigation of their poor town
laboratory at that time I hadn't attack
so that report later we have read it and
she based her assumptions on different
cited Acropolis articles in publication
in the media as well as the roster of
federal contracts in the United States
as well as the information from a
British government and so on and the
analysis all for the data collected was
presented by this journalist she made
some conclusions well it turns out that
Porton Down hasn't seized carrying out
studies with encephalitis with anthrax
as well as the exposure of mustard gas
and for scan using animal lab animals
they used more than 122 thousand animals
from 2005 this journalist also states
that the work of Porton Down was funded
by the United States well that is the
country that hasn't updated eliminated
its chemical stockpile well it is only
logical they are funding a British lab
but they have no money to eliminate
their own chemical weapons now we are
talking about the tens of millions of
dollars that were provided to this
chemical laboratory by Pentagon by the
US defense Threat Reduction agency more
than two million dollars and I hope that
this information will receive for some
comments by the
departments of state in the United
States well according to this research
the lab in Porton Down in Porton Down
has also been working with the chemical
nerve agents receiving over 40 million
dollars from pentagon over the last five
to six years
so where are those people from
Department of State from Pentagon with
the briefings Twitter's why don't they
comment on this information it is
evident that the information provided in
this publication and well we think that
the US officials have to comment on them
and that they have to be studied by
experts all over the world and if this
information is confirmed then this data
is inconsistent with the official goals
declared by this chemical lab and can
violate the provisions of the CWC I
would also like to say and I would like
to stress one more time that we're
monitoring closely all the publication
on this case and we value a contribution
by by anyone and we disavow all the lies
that we're hearing in the future and we
try to double check all the information
we are receiving if they have something
to do with this case I would like to say
one more thing
I have already touched upon this issue
and now like to go back to it well well
I'm not overestimating those figures we
are receiving hundreds of letters by
Russian citizens every day they are
different but but most of them can be
summarized as the following
they X
press the indignation and protest
against the media campaign against the
Russian Federation in this regard I
would like to say that all the time
especially when it comes to the scruple
case we are hearing the same thing from
the UK authorities they are saying that
the Moscow is to blame and is
accountable for this case but the
Russian citizens are not responsible for
that so they are drawing division line
between the Russian government and the
Russian citizens but I would like to say
to our British colleagues that you
cannot even imagine what you're doing
because our you cannot even imagine what
Russian citizens are preparing us do
those proposals are quite interesting
once we don't know it support them and
frankly speaking it is very hard to
imagine that what miss may all mr.
Johnson could face if they come to some
small Russian cities we're trying to be
diplomatic we're trying to use some
diplomatic channels in order to advocate
for our vision and we believe that these
situations should be settled
diplomatically
in accordance with the international law
and but I would like to say that those
letters is a sign of great protests that
broke out against the backgrounds of
this media hype caused by the UK
authorities I would like to quote you
one letter we're not talking about a
chemical professional
it is letter by a PhD scholar that lives
in Kazan he says that why there is may
is also saying that Russia is highly
likely to be blamed for this incident
but but why doesn't anybody see that
there is some doubt in this wording
according to this quezon resident that
even in the criminal law if there is
doubt it is interpreted in favor of the
accused because but if we think legally
that that is how it is done if because
the accused is not to blame for his
guilt is not confirmed well I would like
to thank everyone who's writing us
letters because we are reading all of
them and we answered the most we write
responses to the most of them and we
will continue the same in the future now
I'd like to move on to some other issues
that have to do with this crippled case
we have been talking a lot about the
United States accusing Russia and I
would like to return the ball and I
would like to talk more about how the
United States is implementing the CWC
what they're doing what they're not
doing okay up to date the United States
and the only CWC party that has chemical
weapons the total volume of this
stockpile including skin agents and
nerve agents stands at two thousand six
hundred sixteen
those lethal chemical agents are used to
kweep over 700,000 artillery shells for
field and how it's a Hillary of
different calibers and over 60,000
unguided 150 millimeters rockets for
mlrs well talk about talk about
implementing the convention oh I would
like to stress one more thing that over
the last year the elimination of the
u.s. chemical stockpile has stalled over
the last five years the United States
eliminated only 230 tons of chemical
weapons during the negotiations when
discussed in the text of the convention
the Washington pressed form for a very
short timeline and in accordance with
the article 4 of the convention all the
state members due to some requests by
Washington all the state members who had
only 10 years to carry out implement the
convention
well this mission was an impossible one
and after 2007 these timeframe has been
shifting and in 2012 the thought owed
the members of the conversion said that
the chemical weapons had to be
eliminated in the shortest time possible
Russia has
concluded its elimination program
meanwhile the United States is not has
not been able to do that's Saudi and
some financial and organizational and
environmental issues well according to
official estimates the chemical weapons
will be eliminated in the years by 2023
foreign developed country as the United
States that has a lot of advanced
technologies as well as the sufficient
funding that sounds well ridiculous here
comes a question why the United States
don't want to eliminate this chemical
weapons stockpile what's the problem and
there are a lot of questions that can be
asked here another topic related to the
u.s. we are greatly concerned by the
requests from the illegally kidnap from
Liberia by the special services of the
u.s. of the citizen of Russia Konstantin
Eurasian Cohen it happened in 2010 he
she drew her attention to the fact that
her father is being unjustified leash
searched and humiliatingly searched in
the Brutus for impossible the diplomats
of the general consulate in New York met
our citizen and to the prison
authorities and the representatives of
the embassy in Washington tried to do
that in order to put an end to the
endless breach of his rights we believe
that this behavior by the American
prison authorities is absolutely
unacceptable especially regarding the
fact that euroshank OHS Health has been
greatly undermined as a result of a very
cruel beatings when he was being
kidnapped it now all resembles some kind
of an medieval torture we hoped that the
US officials who can influence the
situation would show a degree of
humanism that they try to declare that
they follow and on our part we will try
to protect and defend our citizens from
any kind of breaches of their rights and
to advocate for their swift return to
Russia another topic I would like to
comment on the statements of the
Minister of Europe and foreign affairs
mr. Larian of France we can see a number
of host style
statements coming from everywhere and
unfortunately also coming from the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of France
they are quite confusing but they seem
to be in line with the wave of Rousseau
phobia we're currently observe in the
West we see a tinge of sadness left as
the French would put it during his
recent visit to Kiev on the 23rd of
March the French minister urged to put
pressure on Russia requiring it to
fulfill its obligations according to the
Minsk agreements and he said that Russia
should ensure full ceasefire on the
ground I would like to recommend to the
minister to read once again the package
of measures of the Minsk agreements it
would not take a lot of time it is a
rather concise document the obligations
of Russia do not differ from the
obligations undertaken by France and
Germany so if somebody who wants to
shift the responsibility for the
ceasefire regime and to do it in
publicly it would be only logical to do
the same thing themselves and the joint
statement by the three presidents which
would which was adopted together with
the package of measures in this
statement function France and Germany
undertook to provide technical aid to
the restoration of banking system in the
conflict zone including through the
creation of international mechanism and
boosting social payments and now a
question arises whether our partners in
the Normandy quote it are going to
fulfill their promise we have the
impression that Paris wants to be an
honest broker in the Ukrainian
resolution but that's no more than a
bluff and in 2014 the Europeans were not
brave enough to request them my Nana for
it is too
vo the obligations they assigned with
mr. Yanukovych and which were breached
the very next day and they do not see
that Kiev refuses to implement the Minsk
agreements and they try to ship the
responsibility and to demand something
of Russia although Russia's not party to
the conflict but those were not the only
statements made by mr. lorry on he also
weighed in on the scrip our case well he
didn't say anything new and to the
statement that nor the chalk can be
produced only by Russians and that's why
there is no other plausible explanation
for its origins this reminds me of Lewis
Carroll this is not the thing we should
hear from the Minister of Foreign
Affairs of France
we hope that France would stop
generating those hollow allegations and
they would provide a structured and
robust response to those tenet questions
regarding the scrip our case which we
addressed to Paris and Boris Johnson
when he mentioned Dostoevsky he really
set us on the right path and we would
like to take it from him and remind mr.
lorry on Jules Verne
Oh surely then there's this immortal
book of his I'm not sure that they know
it in France that children of Captain
grant I'm not sure that they like it in
France but our children do love it
chapter 16 I can in his talk with his
company those who accompanied him talked
about those tribes and they thought that
the colonies made the tribes extinct and
they have expelled them from the places
of their dwelling and this very harmful
policy of the English could be seen in
all of that
kahlan's especially in Australia and
during the colonization at the various
Tod they regarded those tribes as some
kind of wild animals they were hunting
them with guns and were pillaging their
villages and they were citing lawyers
who declared that as those people are
illegal killing those untouchables is
not a crime the Sydney newspapers even
suggested the radical way of getting rid
of the indigenous tribes around Gunther
Lake and that is mass poisoning
wonderful once again
Jill Verena would be beneficial for both
mr. Larian and his Australian colleagues
not even talking about London and such
quote such passages and such links to
fiction and to documental is literature
we do get a lot of those now moving on
to other important topics this situation
around Russian vessel north we've
received a lot of requests on the 3rd of
April the chargee d'affaires of
Ukrainian Russian Federation was invited
to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs he
received a note with a strong protest
with regards to the illegal detention by
the border forces of Ukraine of the
Russian fishing vessel Nord on the 25th
of March in the Sea of Azov it was then
relocated to the port of bear dansk and
its crew is illegally under arrest there
are 10 people in the crew and we've drew
the attention of the Ukrainian side that
the crew is held in inhumane conditions
and Russian consulate employees were not
allowed to meet them and this is not in
line with the agreement between Russian
Federation in Ukraine on cooperation in
the Sea of Azov and the Kerch Strait or
this agreement was signed in 2003 and
this is a flagrant violation of the
agreement between the committee of the
Russian Federation on fisheries and the
state committee of Ukraine fisheries and
fish industry in the sea of azov which
was signed on the 14th of September 1993
as well as the obligations under the
article 18 on the consular convention
between the Russian Federation and
Ukraine of 15 January 1993 Russia
demanded immediate freeing of their
legally held citizens the return of the
Nord Wessel to its owner and avoidance
of any such provocations in future we
are deeply outraged by the provocative
activities taken by Ukraine with regards
to the ship's captain Gore banker who on
the 4th of April was taken by the
employees of the security services of
Ukraine on the on their car in that car
to her son we've contacted the lawyers
of the Russian citizens and we found out
that the security forces office in her
sone are going to advocate for his
arrest according to his lawyers
currently the crew of North had to leave
the vessel due to the insufferable
sanitary conditions aboard the ship
because the fish that they caught is now
rotten and they decided to descend into
the port we're being held at gunpoint
and our diplomats are going to keep
trying to meet the captain and the crane
Ian's side is refusing any visits and
they state that all the members of the
crew including the captain are the
natives of carriage and following Lee
they're the citizens of Ukraine the
lawyers of the Russian citizens focus
their attention of the local human
rights organization to the situation
this is not the first time that we face
such provocation we can remember the
cases of Baranov and audience off they
were held in the vysotsky prison and are
still held under arrest we
insist that our compatriots are innocent
and they are subjected to aggressive
actions on the part of the security
forces and Court of the Ukraine one more
topic we were asked to comment a
decision of Latvia to make all the
studies only in the Latvian language
we've already commented on that but we
are still concerned about this steps of
the Latvian ethnocracy which are in
breach of the international legal
documents they are trying to push out
Russian language from all the areas of
public life we're deeply deplore the
decision of the president of Latvia to
announce this law and to ignore the
opinion of a great part of their own
population we have draw the attention of
the relevant national structures to the
discriminatory policy of Latvia regards
to our compatriots and we still await an
adequate response from them and
doubtedly we will also take this host:oh
actions into consideration in the
context of our bilateral relationship
now in the same vein we were asked to
comment on this and we have already paid
attention to the facts and we received a
lot of requests and we are doing this
today commenting on that that is we have
been tensioned to the blocking of
accounts of Russian media including the
federal agent News Agency in Facebook
and on Instagram and the
director-general of the social network
mark zuckerberg said that facebook is
tightening its struggle against the
Russian troll factory this banning this
blocking of their accounts follows the
anti Russian campaign as they try to
cleanse the information space of
alternative point of view under the
pretext of the alleged Russia's meddling
into the u.s. election
the leaders of social networks the very
nature of which calls for transparency
and for sharing information and being
democratic is now implementing
autocratic tools on the basis of very
doubtful criteria that is of them being
a part of the troll factories we
understand that Facebook and the
management of this company are in a
difficult situation on the one hand they
have to show their loyalty to the
political establishment of the US in
such an anti-russian hysteria but we
have to be more realistic we should not
try to show loyalty I need Broly knee
but to try to keep the company and to
try to remain at the helm of the company
and to guard it from external influence
with the whole range of repressive tools
on the other hand their company poses
itself as a company defending the
freedom of speech as a company defending
democratic values and trying to strike a
proper balance between those two
extremities and their attempt to find
their own path we understand that it's a
struggle but in the end it is in the
United States that the freedom of speech
is a great value and I would like to
remind you that they used such motors
and their hypothetic possibility for the
breach of the freedom of speech the
American delegation year-on-year tries
to make everything they can in order not
to vote and to prevent other countries
from voting on the Russian draft
resolution about the in acceptability of
new types of races new
etc etc this document only calls for
good things it wants to prevent us from
returning to this dark past and to avoid
any kind of new catastrophes but at the
same time we hear that freedom of speech
might suffer as a result but it's okay
to close like 200 accounts and the
social networks this is not a breach of
the freedom of speech we call upon our
colleagues to do everything in their
power in order not to turn mass media
into information weapons and the tool
for gaining and achieving one's own
interests as each is against the
principles of the freedom of speech and
equal access to information for all we
hope that the human rights advocates and
the relevant structures which upholds
principles on the Internet will react
and their response will follow another
kind of thing I want like would like to
mention if you want to ban someone then
do not try to ban this package of
resources but hundreds of publications
which keep publishing all kinds of
falsehoods for example in regards to the
scrip our case they keep accusing Russia
of this very grave crime and yet they do
not have any facts and evidence to
support this allegations they they're
using the language which is audience and
if the social network decides to block
their accounts maybe they should start
at that this is not an insult this is
their accusation this is the death of
the presumption of innocence and the
death of any kind of principles of the
international law now I'd like to take a
few questions that we received at the
last briefing we received a questions
regarding Kosovo there was a surge in
violence with regards to Serbian
citizens NATO Misha's is present on the
sports they have ensuring
security other international documents
in place and watch should be done about
that responding to this I would like to
say that the international presence
deployed in Kosovo on the basis of the
resolution 1244 of the 10th of june 1991
is responsible for ensuring security for
the non Albanian population of this area
and they have the men dead folded and k4
Kosovo force is just there for that and
they are cooperating with the Kosovo
police and the military men that a part
of that force are engaged in upholding
the public order with regards to any
kinds of visits or mass gatherings the
EU rule of law mission in Kosovo which
was established in accordance with the
decision of the Security Council and the
resolution 1244 is now responsible for
upholding law in order in Kosovo in
accordance with the European standards
and one of its main obligations since to
monitor the work of the Kosovo police
nevertheless during the incident when
the head of the office on Kosovo Ferris
and Mito he of the Serbia government
markered Juraj
who was held in detention since the 26th
of March the international forces in
Europe decided to treat it with sort of
a connivance added here
they were just observing this breach of
human rights and they did not use their
mandates to try to prevent this breach
of law on the part of the Pristina
authorities this incident and the murder
on the 16th of January of the leader of
the Kosovo Serbian movement freedom
democracy and justice of mr. ivanovitch
has greatly deteriorated situation in
Kosovo and the cosmid vellus tried to
use the lack of any real order in the
country and the inaction of the
international organizations to implement
to their project to transform the
security forces in Kosovo to
full-fledged military men and this goes
against the resolution 1244 of the
Security Council which is the main
document for cost of resolution in
nemanja now I also taken note about some
information in the media that some extra
regional forces are ready to support
this process this media quoting the Vice
state of Department in the years on
Europe saying the United States have
supported their transformation or for
Kosovo forces and we will do it further
at all levels well so we can make
inclusion that the cost of our armed
forces will be formed according to NATO
standards so Bondsteel base that could
be expanded under the pretext of the
deterioration of situation in the region
such developments will not contribute to
than hangman's enhancement of security
in the region
and we call for all the stakeholders to
implement all the provisions of the
relevant Security Council resolution and
we hope that everything will be done in
accordance with the mandate in order to
promote the stability in the region
without taking siding with anyone I
would also like to answer the question
about the Bulgarian issue as they have
been some difficulties with the legal
settlements of the Bhangarh scope of
Oriya issue this problem has not been
solved and the Balkan party has been has
requested some action and now they're
being examined by the relevant bodies
well today just before are given to the
briefing I have received
question as well as other question that
I received yesterday just after the the
information was published on the join
investigate investigative group about
some rare location data by Russia this
data was double Jade by two independent
professionals and they confirmed their
conclusions made by this joint
investigative group they were no Rockets
no missiles on these images and there
could be some reasons to that that
doesn't mean that it wasn't there and so
he goes the question or do you Malaysia
airline Boeing and experts of almost all
day have made their estimates have made
a conclusion and they renounce in detail
all the statements made by experts that
hold no water and the experts from
Alma's Altai said the Russian
reallocation system could not detect the
rocket if it was launched from the place
where they say it was launched its it is
some quite a different approach there
were whole bodies and relevant
structures involved in this process
there were presentations and overviews
and alliances they used a lot of
scientific resources but those data was
given only to two unnamed experts well
suppose it had to examine it so who are
those people water they what's their
academic background what what they can
do do they have for some relevant
experience so we have no information on
that anyway it doesn't look like a
professional and high-qualified approach
it leaks like the representatives of the
joint investigative investing
investigative group are trying to find
any arguments that play into their hands
in order to justify their initial
assumptions and that's why the experts
involved are not even considering an
alternative of version that is supported
by the data by russian raiders and i
would like to remind one more thing that
the initial data era lasts provided by
russia is an objective reliable
information that cannot be falsified or
distorted or modified and that can be
confirmed by any expert in the field and
they show that the launch of the rock
head that supposedly hate the the plane
could not be carried out in the region
pointed by this joint investigate agree
well I'm ready to take a question
questions Korean broadcasting agency I
have a question about the visit of the
North Korea foreign minister are there
any meetings scheduled with the
President Putin with in presence of
foreign minister Lavrov you know the
meetings that are held in the presence
of the President Putin are being
commented on by the president's
administration meanwhile we have been
really enjoy learn I've received a
message and I'm always double-checking
all the information that I'm receiving
so I have received the information
that the that the the UK Foreign
Secretary secretarial has erased from
their Twitter the information regarding
the poisoning of scruple some statements
regarding the Russian region of Naga
Chowk I'm going to find a quote while
I'm eating their translation into
English so those these these are frauds
so they have published this tweet it was
shared four million times now they're
going to raise it and now they're going
to sell that you have misunderstood us
because we're talking about highly
likely that about high likelihood and we
didn't mean that we were pointing
fingers at Russia so it looks like just
some kind of horrible performance when
we are talking about two people who are
in a critical health condition and we're
talking about an earth aegeon that is a
chemical weapon was dispersed in a
European state that is a party to the
relevant OPCW structures so that's what
all the date is worth I'm going to
double check how this tweet was deleted
from the Twitter account I think that
there is high likelihood that it is so
what are we going to double check it
yes please
information agency Miz from Bulgarian
Edition mr. Harrer thank you for your
comments for remarks on this
investigation and have a question
regarding as creep all case can we say
that the United States is trying to make
a provocation exposing unprecedentedly
Russian diplomats so is the United
States trying to exclude - to make sure
that the Russia is not a part of the
technical team so well I'm going to
stress it one more time that if well at
last we have in our hands some day to
confirm a critical condition or four
scree pulse as well as the fact that
they were attacked using the this named
substance so we will think that it was
an act of terrorism and the
representative so for Russian Foreign
Ministry have made relevant statements
earlier when it comes to the diplomats
expulsion is it is some kind of a
continuation that was necessary in order
to may to legitimize the accusations
against Russia there is no reliable data
now can create information it has been
kept confident on today's show by Donati
Kingdom so so let's think so how can you
prove that the Russia is to blame so how
can you make it effective history only
manifesting some kind of solidarity boys
bossing Russian diplomats from
different countries and that's what
they're trying to do and there is a
playbook that the UK is using so they're
using the same schemes the so-called
Lisa case the Russian hackers as well as
the scruple case and they go in to use
it all
and so when experts journalists
professionals of the generations to come
will look into this case trying to find
out the scientific the evidence some
concrete evidence for those accusations
they will be told so how can you doubt
how can you doubt it
meanwhile it's been carried out without
any founded thorough full investigation
and all the discussions around it were
closed and after that the European Union
voiced is joined position and that's
meanwhile they despite this block
mentality and block discipline that is
the characteristic to NATO and EU well
they were trying not to do the bidding
of those parties that's why the Russian
diplomats expulsion was carried out over
several days each country made this
decision under the pressure of for the
United States and the United Kingdom
that's why the measures varied and they
were timed differently and well apart
from that the detail on the decisions
taken are difference
some countries have changed their
decisions because but these are details
and they will not be kept in the history
books they will be presented as a short
presentation as a diagram
titled the title saying that Russia is
to blame in this crippled case that
that's how I was going to be done that's
why I believe that the Russian
diplomatic expulsion serves to
legitimize their accusation against
Russia yes please Japanese news agency
Iwasaki
mr. Horwich
Kim Kim Jong hyung has met with the
Chinese leader and go in to meet with
the United States and other countries is
he going to come to Russia probably
Russia will be set aside of this process
well it is a various it sounds strange
to me that the Japanese agency is so
concerned about this visit so are you
not concerned about the visit of the
North Korean leader to Japan meanwhile
we're trying to maintain contacts with
all the countries and I have today said
that the foreign minister of northern
Korea will visit Russia tomorrow we're
going to mark the second anniversary
although the settlement of the conflict
in nagorno-karabakh and how is the
process developing well we're keeping a
very close eye on it and we're more a
monitoring situation and the next
briefing I'm going to brief you on this
issue the third route television channel
can you please comment on the meeting of
both President Trump with three leaders
of Baltic Republic and can you comment
on the
I mean ish ammunition so can you comment
on this visit and does it mean that they
have in some sizzurp inves all kind of
relationship between them there is only
one thing that I can say that mr. Trump
is a businessman he is selling whatever
he can sell so when it comes to selling
arms and global security well the United
States are very far away because they're
going to sell it to the European
countries are they going to sell
American produce arms and so I'm the
United States are going to receive money
so what is Europe going to receive
weapons arms ammunition sell
what what what could it result in the
history gives us different answers yes
please Natan hearts in it marilla's even
though I beg question regarding Facebook
after phase bull deleted you just saw
for the so-called Russian trolls factory
is the Russian Foreign Ministry to
respond the same way well you know you
know there's locking issue well of
course we're going to discuss it at the
interdepartmental level because it also
concerns other ministries and all the
agencies not only the Foreign Ministry
and of course we're going to send the
relevant notes to OSCE and other
organization we also are awaiting an
official response to this situation by
the US authorities because our karl
partner is the US government and we
would like to hear some remarks by the
state of the Department of State on this
issue
and once these measures are taken then
we will be able to response and then we
will make the relevant decisions we like
to understand for the representatives of
the State Department as well as all the
governmental bodies what do they think
about blocking of Russian media in an
American social media we need the
official response so we go into
monitoring analyze that and basing on
that we go in to act and we will do it
publicly yes please The Telegraph
newspaper please tell me about the
today's meeting of the OPCW yesterday
President Putin said that Russia had 20
questions that they would like to
address at this meeting can you tell us
which questions so would you like to ask
well we have we have already published
them please visit our website you
haven't seen that there is a website it
is called mi d dot or you it is foreign
ministry official website and well our
briefing is been broadcasted there in
life we are publishing some interesting
information on foreign policy on our
work and a couple of days ago I believe
it was on Sunday was Saturday a list of
questions we have for France the United
Kingdom in a OPCW everything is
available online into the mic please
yesterday you said about the the new
list no that's just a comprehensive list
of questions because some of them are
for
European countries some of them are for
the OPCW but I I was told that the OPCW
has already provided their answers and
when these meeting is over and I believe
that our permanent OPCW representative
will make some press statements and we
will give you some detailed information
about OPCW responses other countries
have not given any answers yet so these
are not just 20 questions but there is a
list of many questions but what are the
Russia's goes at this meeting
well briefly it tried to put it in in a
nutshell the truth the whole truth any
other questions
yes please Baris yeah keep it short
regarding the pas de bourree the Black
Sea should be worried about that we're
not worried about that even if those
territories would be taken from us then
the Balkans and Bulgaria enjoy and other
level of relationships we have a lot of
questions coming from our readers
regarding these us between Russia and
Bulgaria you are pretty much surrounded
by Bulgarian starting from Crimea and
then tartar stunning all over could you
please introduce visa-free regime for
the Bulgarians this is an issue
pertaining to bilateral agreements and
this is theory of responsibility for the
relevant ministries and unilaterally
could you undertake this unilaterally
Boris you are now an expert in
international relationships you've been
visiting our briefings and you should be
aware that this cannot be resolved by
personal one boss this is a question to
be discussed between two countries while
taking into consideration their
responsibilities their obligations and
the legal matters any other questions
yes please daily stone i would like to
specify whether there are any
discussions regarding the use of the
trilateral forum at russia iran turkey
regarding the Syrian settlement or any
other issues ready to cooperation we are
cooperating with Iran in Turkey on the
bilateral basis and this format requires
us to cooperate on Syria as it's a
hot-button issue and our countries have
a lot to do where the situation if it
would be deemed relevant and worthy to
use it for any kind of additional issues
that nothing stands in our way but this
should be agreed by the countries yes
please I believe that today we can see
the events unfolding at the meeting on
the highest level which takes place
today and let's see what kind of
information we will get from there and
this would be the first hand report and
you start through two questions on Syria
about the irreconcilable from the city
of do mother
evacuation does it mean that the
escalation zone in eastern gouta will
still remain active and that part of the
jay shed other Salama fighters would
remain in duma this question should be
addressed to the military experts and my
second question regarding Yemen after
the death of Saleh their Russian
representatives
have often underscored that the internal
conflict in Yemen is even more
complicated they met with the son of
Salah and Sergey Lavrov said that who
sees are now being radicalized does it
mean that Moscow is more closely
cooperating with the haughty government
we are in contact with all the parties
to the conflict resolution in Yemen and
we are in very close contact with them
this topic is the focus of those who
deal with the Middle East and northern
Africa and I could give you a more
detailed response at the next briefing
but we are in very close contact and I
guess that you are following the updates
on our website and this close contacts
are aimed at overcoming this impasse
that - we've come to and we will provide
you with additional information report
Baku - questions
you mentioned Mark Zuckerberg already
and the social networks could you please
comment on the troll trolls fabric and
it was done in Azerbaijan and other CIS
countries where did Mark Zuckerberg get
this data from what do you mean from
where Mark Zuckerberg over the course of
the recent months maybe even longer has
been closely working with the American
forces and the American special services
have been treating so to say the new
media representatives they've been
vigorously communicating with
representatives of the social services
and they always wanted to get something
from the social network authorities they
were demanding something and social
networks had to meet them halfway so to
say and undertake certain steps as to
what kind of specific information was
used in order to take the decision about
the blocking well it will be interesting
to know and what kind of agency in the
u.s. provided them with what kind of
data is another question but first and
foremost if we're talking about Russia
and Russian media outlets this data
should be provided to Russia for
official channels and we have the
relevant experts to analyze them but no
data was provided murabba I am not aware
that during the context between Facebook
and the Russian authorities and this was
the case not so long ago I do not
remember Facebook making any complaints
regarding those media accounts on the
social network
in any case Facebook being the Advocate
of disseminating information freely and
I would like to remind you that Russia
supports this concept of playing by the
rules of a fair play especially when it
comes to social networks and we do
everything in accordance with the
Facebook rules I guess it would make
sense to share this kind of data that
Facebook has to Russia if they have any
specific claims or complaints when this
accounts or their moderators have
breached any kind of laws then we need
to know what kind of laws did they
breach if those are the laws of Facebook
then it's not the case because otherwise
they would be blocked they would target
them rather than block them in mass and
they would block an account after an
account after they receive complaints
but this was not the case again
different instructions were breached
different rules were breached what kind
of rules what kind of instructions not
Facebook's
the American government's instructions
then show us those instructions and who
else is breaching American laws who else
is going against the American
Constitution maybe we should try to do
something to avoid that in future and
why why did you do that because image of
Facebook has suffered as a result
they're not only talking about financial
expenses and financial losses and
working with their audience their image
has suffered media Russian media on the
basis of some unsupported allegations
had their accounts blocked it seems that
Facebook is spying on Russian language
Russian speaking citizens all over the
globe more the Ministry do something
about that hole yes we will we will try
to understand what we are dealing with
why those decisions were made what is
wrong with those accounts what we are
talking about here and so far we have
not fathomed it from the statements made
by Facebook leaders but we see that
pressure was put on them regarding the
demonstration of their attitude towards
Russia's meddling one that's true now a
question about Russia's ambassador to
Baku the State Duma has confirmed that
candidate and what
characteristics what kind of traits led
to him being confirmed when would we see
the agreement we have the procedure
which we establish back in the 1990s
when the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and
other kind of ministries not come
comment on the appointments of
ambassadors we start to comment on them
to introduce them to the audience and to
do all that after the president signs
the order on the appointment or these
are that ambassador this rules will were
not established by us not at the
ministry but this were the instructions
I'm not sure that we can call these
instructions but this kind of document
was adopted back in the 1990s and this
document stipulates that the
introduction of any kind of ambassadors
here at the ministry and it has been a
practice in recent years that our
ambassadors leaving for these of that
country talk to the media and we publish
their biographies and their articles in
cetera et cetera this all takes place
after they are officially appointed by
the president with regards to any kind
of country we all can only do it after
the order is signed officially yes
Somoza Pravda newspaper I have a request
Rada at the previous briefing you have
demonstrated a very interesting brochure
with English or British Lords who came
to the 1936 Olympics and the Historical
Society asked me to address this request
whether you could please put it online
so we could all enjoy this wonderful
brochure because we have not managed to
find it maybe you could provide us with
a link this is actually a real brochure
we have not found it online we have
found it where we can find it you know
we have our own sources for these kind
of things this is the original brochure
German quality issued in Germany as well
and I guess that I've even mentioned the
year of publication last time you can
see it you can see that it's genuine and
a weekend of cause upload the
screenshots to our website I have not
seen any links to this document online
if you can find them we can provide you
with the title maybe you can find it in
the archives but this is what we found
in Germany just a week ago our colleague
here asked you to comment on the tension
of the Polish citizen if you don't want
to comment on that well can I understand
yeah remember that I'm sorry I would
like to respond to this question I
forgot that we had this question last
time we were asked about the detention
of the citizen of the country this Marek
V he was in play of the Minister of
Energy who was supposedly in contact
with Russian security services and who
was transferring the information
regarding the war so approach to North
stream tube we have found out about this
from you from the journalist the Russian
embassy has no information on their
foreign mentioned citizen and we do not
exclude that this was all a part of this
anti Russian campaign with the expulsion
of diplomats and etc etc to be honest to
try to exclude the fact that Salisbury
attack led to such
information being disseminated I guess
there's no there is no ground to support
this claves and one more question week
ago when our Minister of Foreign Affairs
said that foreign diplomats would be
ejected he said that he thinks that the
four diplomats and their activity is not
only diplomatic activities that their
diplomatic tivities were not only
limited to diplomacy
they were also undercover agents how can
you comment on that
it is evident that it's the same thing
as highly likely if you have any
complaint to make then you can present
them officially to Russia if Warsaw
believes it's important then you can
inform the public and us officially do
you have any information that we do not
have any information that either just
like I said last time every visit of our
ambassadors who were called to the
ministries in order to be provided with
a list of diplomats to be expelled we've
also provided with the reasoning and the
reasoning provided was solidarity with
London so is this issue a part of this
support campaign for London or is it
something to do with those particular
people now that you asked me that I
remember there was some fishy materials
on the media when diplom is returning
from different countries they tried to
take their pictures and it's evident why
we did not videotape their leaf they
only had a couple of days to leave and
they only had a couple of days to
prepare to leave and among those people
there are many people
who have families who have little
children and we don't believe that
videotaping children and family members
and the diplomats themselves in such an
extraordinary kind of situation is the
right thing today so there was it was
not covered in the media and information
regarding when what kind of transport
word you used what kind of air but would
be used licked to the media from cars
from trees they were trying to take
footage of them leaving Russian media
was not very sensitive with regards to
this issue as well the same was true
when the diplomats were living the US we
have not mentioned that and among those
people there were women who are just
about to give birth and nobody even took
it into consideration of the country
sending them away not our media we
understand that you have a job to do
it's impossible to stop you if you do
not understand that this is not ethical
to do this kind of things that we cannot
prevent you from doing that in any way
and in order to avoid any kind of
speculations and I've seen that there
was some kind of an implicit order not
to videotape they diplomats and that
they were hidden from the public I can
tell you that very soon we will probably
announce the date later you will meet
those diplomats at the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs with the participation
of the minister and we will invite you
the representatives of the media and we
will make it transparent and open to
avoid any kind of speculations those
people have returned and they had the
opportunity
to rationalize this situation nobody's
trying to hide them this is absurd how
can you try to hide people who are
working abroad who were the official
representatives of our country abroad
who were leaving the some for a month
some for several years and was spending
their free time with their acquaintances
in the country once again I would like
to draw a close to this discussions and
I will keep you informed
yes please Japanese Information agent
Sakura I have a question about the
expulsion of diplomats Russia now is
drawing up with some response measures
but here there is NATO as well there has
made its Russian representative step
where are you going o to expose the
representatives of the so-called
Information Agency my data so are you
going to take some response measures
well we never leave anything without an
answer without a response we believe it
to be quiet and unfriendly step on the
part of the NATO and when we are ready
to go is the decision we will do it
Japanese newspaper you know room can you
please tell us more about the meetings
the tomorrow's meeting of the Foreign
Minister Lavrov and his counterpart and
can you tell us Siri on Horner's going
to visit Moscow only or here will pay
visits to other cities well answering
your second question I would like to say
that the schedule and the program
shadows for the Korean Foreign Minister
well you should ask it in Korean embassy
we can all only comment on
the foreign minister lavrov's carol if
you have any additional information we
will provide you with that
as for the tomorrow's meeting between
the Chinese officials they will take
place during lunch there including tea
the press conference and that's how it
is planned and the negotiations of
foreign minister Lavrov and rien ho are
going to take place in Moscow well yes
as far as I know yes please
federal news agency well first of all I
would like to express my gratitude for
the support that he provided to our
agency and okay well I can I please do
one thing that I haven't done yet we had
questions from CNN regarding this case
so these were your questions and here is
a federal 8 News Agency representative
that was blocked and can you please talk
between each other maybe we will
interview each other and we will ask
wise news agency was a blocked maybe he
will tell to the American audience what
these federal news agency did and why
because I see the federal news agency
representatives much more often than the
that I see you and I know that they are
reliable journalists well I like to
stress at one with him that if there is
any data pointing at federal 8 news
agencies saying that it was carried out
some kind of illicit or probably some
activity inconsistent with Facebook
failures
before we respond to those questions
only because Russian media are asking us
those questions you can do a lot of
stories on these questions but but
instead you can just try asking the
representatives over the news agencies
involved to this process that fell
victims to this process
and well I'm sorry so here is my
question I would like to talk about the
notorious Salisbury case well you have
already said about misinformation on the
bottle for London and here's my question
what do they need it so it's some kind
of evidence that they're going to bomb
us well any speculations are pointless
if there is no scientific base and but
when we're trying we're liking
information trying to shape our answers
London is accusing us over some
misinformation that we are trying to
cook up some fake versions we don't have
any information meanwhile we're trying
to make our assumptions while remaining
in the legal framework because we don't
want to make a foray into fake news
campaign and we're trying to base our
assumption on various cause data that we
have on hands and so we're making
conclusions saying that probably it
could benefit to could be beneficial for
those who are trying to shift the
general public's focus from Syria from
Eastern Goethe for example to other
places so we believe that these are
games used to shift
the global attention from the most most
relevant issues the second thing is that
the chemical weapons factor in Syria is
a very important one because this the
use of chemical weapons is a redline for
all stakeholders for all parties when
taking decisions and the Western
countries and the college and the us-led
coalition think that the acid regime
legitimacy is in some way related to
this use of chemical weapons because
before they said that the acids were
just a bad guy but now but then they
started saying that he's a bad guy but
he has to go because he is violating
international law by using chemical
weapons so that's when we said that we
need to look into the fence and get them
straight and I had mentioned Han Jae
hoon today and other so that's why while
cooking up a story of Russia allegedly
using chemical weapons in the United
Kingdom well they're trying to take the
rush out of the legal framework and they
will say so there is no point in talking
with Russia about Syria because look
look at what they do in a Europe that's
one version but that's what I can say
when we talk about motives because we
hear a lot of about motives from the UK
saying that Russia has a mode of motor
without giving any substantial
information though this version is an
absurd one Russia well has given one
interview it will scrape oh and he was
in prison under an official and
legitimate decision and his guilt was
confirmed and he was given in good
health to the British
where he lived and so on and the United
Kingdom including British intelligence
services were responsible for his
destiny because he worked for them so a
motive related to a hypothetical wish to
eliminate scrip all is not possible it's
not a question over of a link between
this crime act and murders but the thing
is that all the facts now clear
testament justify clearly to the fact
that Russia is not involved I would like
to say one more thing that is have
pointless discussion because honest we
have any clear and substantial
information it is impossible to do I
have already said all the facts that we
need and the the but not only we need
them but the British citizens as well
they're trying to be duped into some
kind of story they they want to report
it and I believe that the United Kingdom
has to be accountable for in front of
their own citizens the one run so I have
a question well it is evident that the
diplomatic expulsion is not a cheap
treat and here's my question when Russia
will try often all our enemies will fall
will Russia will push for a compensation
you know well it's the first time that I
hear it in such wording because I have
never thought about it and frankly
speaking I should say that is the first
time that I hear about this financial
approach
but I've never had that such things have
ever happened in history yes please
Japanese news agency redo press and it's
the same I would like to ask you about
the upcoming negotiations between the
North Korean Russian or foreign
ministers are they going to discuss the
possible meetings at the highest level
well I have the same answer for you that
all the meetings at the highest level at
the presidential level should be or
should be asked and only presidential
administration can answer those question
if you have no yes please thank you have
another question today you have
mentioned the book by Mirza onif and so
can Russia initiate in the legal field
accuse ation against the United States
for violating the CWC
so that's what our experts said in this
particular hole for the experts in
non-proliferation issues it was briefing
bring it together representatives from
the military as well as the our experts
and but they were briefing not the
journalists by the diplomat diplomats
and they said everything how it is
saying that the publication of the
relevant information violates the CWC
provisions thank you very much and see
you next time
