now in the era of fake news a
self-proclaimed fact-checking websites
have been gaining popularity and in the
u.s. another such online project has
been launched but this time it will
check the checkers themselves here's our
correspondent ilya petrenko fake news
fake news you are fake news that was my
impression of a fake news police officer
heard about any of those in the post
truth era that checkers the likes of
snopes politifact fact-check and many
others are out there to make sure you
digest facts only but fake news police
aren't some exceptional human super
beings can they be biased just like any
folks sure these conservative guys today
go on about PolitiFact as left-leaning
republican and trump haters while for
them in the liberal camp the likes of
news busters are a joke
conservative fact checkers really so
there you have it conservative
alternative facts versus liberal apples
this is an apple some people might try
to tell you that it's a banana
don't be so overly dramatic about it
chocolate what it you're saying it's a
falsehood and they're giving Sean Spicer
our press secretary gave alternative
facts so with a bit of media police
evolution we've got to the point where
fact checkers began checking back
checkers oh gosh so we've come full
circle and began with the liberal media
matters site comprehensively monitoring
analyzing and correcting conservative
misinformation in the US media
conservative news busters caught on
they'll check those failing to disclose
their own left-wing bias the problem we
have in the United States in particular
is that the corporate media's
advertisers are driven we really do need
truly independent fact checkers but
unfortunately in this country we don't
have that it's not that we need to or a
hundred fact checkers we need the
hundred million adults or however many
there are in the United States to stop
making their news passively engage their
minds call out things that seem false
and don't let these people who are
spewing false garbage fake news get away
with it cancel your subscription stop
watching the show and call these
journalists out when they're wrong by
the way when I said fake news police it
was meant to be a joke but no kidding if
you're in Malaysia Malaysia taking aim
at fake news according to a proposal
submitted to Parliament today people
convicted of creating and distributing
this information could face imprisonment
I think I know a few important people
who secretly love to use a bit of
Malaysian law making
