otherwise the SpaceX team is excited for
launch
so let's listen into the last couple
minutes of terminal account stage want
LOX is closed out for flight
let's try mic retracts complete the
strong back is locked out for flight
Rock verify range is green rock range is
green
Stage two locks is closed off the flight
vehicles in South for me
ASDs is ready for launch top nine and
start up
crowd gasps close that's complete stage
one tanks pressing for flight it's the
LD on countdown one we are go for launch
t-minus 30 seconds
20 propellant tanks pressure flight 15
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
oh uh propulsion is nominal
nominal we had successful liftoff of the
Falcon 9 as you saw as pitching
downrange at the moment to continue its
ascent into orbit going supersonic right
about now and it'll be going through max
Q shortly going supersonic so we're
decreasing the engine for us to minimize
the pressures of Max Chios the point at
which the rocket is pushing hardest
against the atmosphere vehicles
experiencing maximum dynamic pressure
now that we're through that milestone
will be increasing the thrust of the
engines in order to get to orbit but
while the atmosphere is still relatively
thick we can prevent it from exerting
too much pressure on the fairing by by
throttling the engines a little bit
we're also chilling the Merlin vacuum
engine event until we go
and that call-out means that we're
bringing the engines down to the correct
temperatures in order to prevent the
liquid oxygen from turning into a gas in
the second stage as well coming up
shortly we have a few events in quick
succession the first stage main engines
will cut off the two stages will
separate and the second stage will begin
its first burn
and recognition
and then you saw it the first-stage main
engines cut off the two stages separated
and the second stage began its burn you
can actually see see the first stage
falling away behind the the second stage
for some of these shots and that's
gorgeous
the first stage will be performing a one
engine boost back burn and continuing
down range for a simulated landing and
you just saw the second stage trajectory
nominal I just saw the two halves of the
fairing fall away bigger than the boil
we will be attempting a recovery of one
of the halves of the fairing today on
our bearing recovery ship mr. Steven as
part of an experimental program to reuse
those parts of the vehicle
just past t+ four minutes Merlin vacuum
engine is performing nominally glowing
red-hot there in the vacuum of space
a quick reminder we will be
intentionally ending live coverage or
live video coverage of today's mission
due to restrictions placed on us by the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration so don't be surprised
when that that occurs at about c-plus
nine minutes we will be continuing to
cover the mission on Twitter all the way
through the second burn and deployment
of the satellites at about t plus 50
minutes
at t-plus five minutes second-stage
still performing nominally
and the trajectory is currently looking
good
a couple interesting facts about the
first stage as its continuing its
simulated landing this one first flew
for the iridium 3 mission and the
iridium 2 and iridium 4 missions also
used the same rocket which means that
today
this is our fifth launch for iridium for
the iridium constellation using only
three rockets
we're now at t-plus six minutes which
puts us more or less exactly halfway
through the second stages first burn the
first burn is to bring the second stage
into a parking orbit that's going to be
an egg-shaped orbit where the maximum
altitude at the top of the egg is about
625 kilometers but at the bottom of the
egg the orbit is only 180 kilometers in
altitude the second burn that we'll be
performing is going to circular eyes
that orbit so that it's 625 kilometers
and altitude the whole way around
we're now at t-plus seven minutes you
won't save the chamber pressure and the
Maryland vacuum engine is looking good
providing good power constant chamber
pressure and still on track to its
parking orbit
between the end of the first burn and
the start of the second burn is going to
be about a 42 minute coast phase in
order to position the second stage to to
prep for circular izing that orbit we
will be continuing that coverage on
Twitter Louis stage one Vandenberg
expected at the time in the second stage
the satellite will have passed over
Antarctica and will be just south of
Madagascar for that for second burn now
just past t plus eight minutes second
stage still performing nominally still
on track for that parking orbit
today is also the one-year anniversary
of the first time we flew a flight
protein to to Falcon 9 first stage
what about a few seconds now from the
second stage completing its first burn
and we'll make sure that the burn is
good ah yes ego we just got confirmation
that the second engine cutoff event
occurred we'll make sure that we are in
the correct orbit
Stage two you nominal insertion and
we're getting confirmation that we did
in fact get into the correct parking
orbit so though we're ending our live
coverage now due to restrictions from
NOAA the mission is not yet over so
we'll be continuing to cover the
upcoming major milestones on Twitter
that include
