Russia will expel sixty US diplomats
enclosed the American consulate in st.
Petersburg emulating Washington's move
over the scrip our poisoning case
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov announced
the retaliatory measures against the US
and pledged a mirror response to other
states that have deported Moscow's
diplomats retaliatory measures include
the expulsion of the same number of US
diplomats and withdrawal of our consent
for the US consulate in some Petersburg
as far as other states are concerned we
will always give a mirror response as it
promised Russia has responded
tit-for-tat for every Russian diplomat
kicked out from the two dozen or so
countries one of their diplomats will be
kicked out of Russia almost all of those
countries by the way either NATO members
or hopefuls the United States though may
have to charter a jet 60 and its
diplomats have been ordered to leave
Russia the same number kicked out by
Washington no word the US consulate in
st. Petersburg is being closed down in
response to the closure of Russia's
consulate in Seattle a mirror responds
no more no less
and again Moscow has called in the
United States to stop it is proposed to
US authorities inciting and fueling this
American pain against our country to
rethink and curbed their reckless
actions destroying bilateral relations
to sum up Russia which vehement ly
denies any role in this poisoning says
never before have we witnessed such
mockery of international law it has also
convened a special meeting of the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons OPCW has sent technical
experts to examine the substance with
which the former Russian double agent
and his daughter were poisoned but their
investigation will be technical
pneumonia tungsten OPCW experts have
arrived in London to analyze the
substance used in the alleged poisoning
of Sergey and EULA
scrip oh this will only allow them to
distinguish the chemical formula of the
substance the OPCW Technical Secretariat
doesn't have the mandate to verify the
UK's allegations by the way the
investigation into the case is still on
the UK and its allies insist that Russia
was behind this Russia denies any such
thing and says that this entire fair is
politically motivated
there's been no investigation no trial
no evidence only accusations which have
taken a turn for the literary it's
rather like the beginning of crime and
punishment
you remember crime and punishment my
lord their Lord melody wise is a tree
full of hours at this point we're all
confident about the identity of the
culprit and the only question is whether
he will first confess Oh Boris Boris
have you read crime and punishment to
the end you know unlike you we have read
Dostoyevsky especially for Boris Johnson
the gist is key quote translated in
English from a hundred trayvis you can
not make a horse a hundred suspicious
don't make it prove Boris Johnson went
on to cement his case by saying that
unlike Russia which makes deadly poisons
Britain manufactures non-existent
imaginary fantasy weapons that don't
work you need to know about the
difference between modern Britain and
the government of Vladimir Putin
seriously they make knowledge shock we
make lightsabers one is a hideous weapon
specifically designed for assassination
the others are an implausible theatrical
prop with a mysterious body wouldn't
harm anybody opinion is divided and what
exactly Boris Johnson meant or how
exactly he hoped this would help his
case however the diplomatic standoff
threatens to continue escalating as
Washington says it may respond
further to Moscow's moves reserve the
right further to any Russian retaliation
against the United States so we are
reading this we're reviewing it and
we'll respond accordingly most State
Department spokesperson Heather now at
their claims Russia is isolating itself
through its response to the expulsion of
Russian diplomats from the US Artie
Samira Khan has more well believe it or
not the diplomatic spat between the US
and Russia has escalated even further
just after Russia announced their
tit-for-tat response the u.s. is now
considering new options against Russia
and just to remind our viewers
Washington expelled 60 Russian diplomats
and closed Russia's consulate in Seattle
just after London claimed without any
evidence that Russia was behind the
alleged poisoning of a former double
agent and his daughter on British soil
and in retaliation Moscow asked the same
number of diplomats to leave now even
though it was a tit-for-tat measure the
State Department argued that there is no
justification for the Russian response
and Russia's supposedly isolating itself
from the world and reporters seemed
puzzled as to why Moscow's move wasn't
justified and continued to push for more
clarification I want to remind you that
there is no justification for the
Russian response I'm not sure I
understand you you guys threw out 60 of
their people okay we don't see this as a
diplomatic tit-for-tat the American
diplomats who are being expelled are not
spies under diplomatic cover I'm saying
that they work for the US State
Department they are our colleagues who
have served there with great distinction
like you did but you're saying that
these that you're your action was
justified there as wasn't because these
people aren't the equivalent of less I
think we're forgetting what got us to
this place well now our dodged questions
about whether the expelled US diplomats
were spies or not and then reporters
pushed again to understand why the state
department considers Moscow's actions to
be wrong and it seems that Washington is
forcing Moscow to take responsibility
and humbly accept punishment for a crime
that there's no evidence for essentially
you're asking Russia to just admit that
they did it and
and take their punishment would that be
the adult thing to do they're saying
that they didn't you are in fact asking
them to you know admit to something that
they say that they do and you know what
there's nothing wrong with admitted
admitting wrongdoing well now our went
on to make some very and Cindy airy
comments to justify quote expressing
solidarity with the UK calling the
expelled diplomats Russian spies saying
that the u.s. is better off without
Russian spies when there's no evidence
that they were spies either so now we're
just going to have to wait and see where
this all goes from here these and to
discuss where it all goes from here we
can cross live now to former US diplomat
John Graham John thank you very much
indeed for joining us well as we were
saying that I mean how will these
retaliatory measures affect relations
between Washington and Moscow going
round in circles here and the processing
of visas to Russian citizens maybe
wanting to visit the US what are the was
the impact here first of all I my
sympathies go after that poor woman on
the State Department have been put up in
front and having to say those things
second I live near Seattle and I'm not
particularly being offended or sorry I'm
not being hurt the next time I have to
go to Russia I can get a visa someplace
else but I think it's important I think
for everyone to understand the realities
behind all the smoke screens and one of
the realities is is it almost certainly
the so-called diplomats on both sides
were in fact spies
that's what Greek nation that's what
nations do Russia has spies in this
country we have spies in your country I
suspect even the people from Malawi have
spies in this country whatever it's just
part of statecraft
so the first thing you do when you're
doing the tit for tat is you throw the
other fellow spy is that so that's one
thing the second thing is about the
whodunit aspect of all this now I keep
looking at all this gone on the web and
looked at the formulas for Nuvi
chocolate where the nerve agent it's
very unstable it's very dangerous stuff
that handle you have to be an expert to
handle it
kill yourself so the question is why on
earth if you wanted to assassinate mr.
skur Paul and his daughter why would you
use it to dangerous weapon he's sitting
on a park bench why not just go up
behind him and shoot him in the back of
the head so I come to the conclusion
that basically the nerve agent was used
because the person that did it knew it
would be traced back to the Kremlin
because the Sun actually was invented
made and weaponized originally by the
Russians I don't care what the OPCW that
international organization says in two
weeks it's pretty obvious because these
stuff these things all have a
fingerprint on them the stuff was good
job but that doesn't mean Russians did
it was invented by the Russians so
anyway it was not done by criminals and
by whom who was dead by the Russian
state why on earth would the Russian
state want to do that unless mr. Putin
drastically miscalculated he's a very
good chess player but if he drastically
and miscalculated and underestimated the
West's response well that's one
explanation or perhaps it was some
ultra-nationalist in the Soviet Union or
our bread and it's re in Russia or or
perhaps it was some false flag operation
by someone that just wanted to increase
the chaos between the United States and
Russia on that particular point then
John as you say let's go back to the
issues here about in terms of the
response here the US State Department's
quick to react says it reserves the
right to respond I mean what measures
could it take could this escalate or
deescalate or what measures could the
u.s. take well I think we we have one
more councilman in Russia you have one
more consulate here I think it's in
Dallas if I'm not mistaken we could
close that we could send your ambassador
home persona non-grata you could close
our remaining counsel isn't where is it
you're correct in Burke I think I'm
mispronouncing the name I'm sorry and
you could declare our ambassador persona
non grata
and and it goes on and on and as I said
I think just two days ago on this same
show what I find most alarming both in
terms of the politicians and the
spokespeople on both sides and a whole
lot of the media is that nobody seems to
understand the danger of these steady
steady steady
escalations and that's the real danger
looking now at six months now of steady
escalations and deteriorating
relationships between the US and Russia
it began with the the threats of
abrogating the intermediate-range
missile treaty for europe two weeks ago
mr. Putin announces some tremendous new
weapons that the Russians have the same
time Trump announces a new defense
budget with a lot more money for
modernizing America's nuclear weapons
and so on and so on and now it's even
scarier because mr. Putin has run an
election which means it was very little
opposition to him in Russia and that's
always dangerous and on our side and our
side of the water mr. Trump is under
investigation for possible collusion
between his people and the Russians over
tampering in u.s. oh I'm sorry I'm
afraid I'm gonna have to leave it those
we're running out of time john graham
former US diplomat thank you very much
indeed for your thoughts thank you
