tea is the foundation of Sri Lanka's
economy sri lankan tea is exported to 45
countries the country produces over 305
million kilograms of tea here
in order to see how Sri Lanka's teas
grown we will board a train that will
take us along one of the world's most
picturesque routes
there is a train that goes from candy
tuna whare Elia several times a day this
high mountain route runs along numerous
tea plantations our final destination
the town of Ella is over 1,000 meters
above sea level
the trip from conduct ella takes about
eight hours
do not expect the train to arrive on
schedule railways in Sri Lanka were
built by the British in the 19th century
and were used to transport tea from
isolated mountain areas
since then the railroads have only been
repaired when necessary during the
monsoon season trains are often canceled
due to bad weather or broken railroads
it is best to check the schedule right
before the trip
on the way you will pass by several
waterfalls
you can see how tropical vegetation
gradually gives way to coniferous
forests
Sri Lanka has the largest number of
waterfalls for a country of its size the
island has over 430 recorded waterfalls
and new ones are constantly being added
to the list
outside the town of Ella lies that
Ravana falls one of the widest
waterfalls in Sri Lanka the waterfall is
about 25 meters high and cascades down
from an oval-shaped concave rock outcrop
another one of LS sites the famous L of
rock can only be accessed in one way the
first few kilometers of the route to
Ella Rock are along the railway tracks
finding the right turn is not an easy
task it's best to ask for numerous
tourists you'll meet along the way for
directions should you make a wrong turn
local farmers will help you out however
be ready to pay for their service on top
of that you will only be told the price
once you've reached your destination
be prepared for a steep climb the path
also runs through rough terrain the way
from the town of Ella to the top of the
mountain will take at least an hour and
a half depending on your skill and
endurance
once you are at the top however the
scenery will immediately make you forget
about your tired and aching legs
this concludes our trip to Sri Lanka see
you again on a new adventure with Aarti
you
