daughter's closed to WikiLeaks have told
Artie why the Ecuadorian Embassy has
blocked Julian Assange's internet access
and a stitch or can I joins us live now
over from London nasty good afternoon
just talk us through then the reasons
for this ban well Andrea there have been
some concerns circulating on Twitter
recently about whether or not Julian
Assange had lost access to Internet
inside the Ecuadorian Embassy where he's
been holed up for five and a half years
now and we are indeed learning from
sources indeed close to WikiLeaks they
are telling us that the Ecuadorian
government had placed some sort of
electronic jammers at the Ecuadorian
Embassy on Tuesday night specifically to
prevent Julian Assange from being able
to tweet communicate generally use the
Internet or make telephone calls and
it's also being said that he is now
being refused any kinds of visitors now
these measures from what we're being
told by these sources close to WikiLeaks
suggest that this comes after a
publication was made in the Ecuadorian
press about Julian Assange's opinions on
the developments in Catalonia now it has
to be understood that apparently Julian
Assange was informed that he must stop
tweeting about the Catalan issue and
delete this tweet that he had made
recently and this is not the first time
the issue of him expressing his opinion
on the Catalan issue comes into the
spotlight now the tweet in question was
this one in 1940 the elected president
of Catalonia Louise companies was
captured by Gestapo at the request of
Spain delivered to them and executed
today German police have arrested the
elected president of Catalonia Carla
spooch de menthe at the request of Spain
to be extradited of course this is in
regards to the arrest of the Catalan
independence leader in Germany earlier
this week and what happened was Julian
Assange the WikiLeaks editor did not
delete this tweet and as we understand
from our sources this is causing quote
strong discomfort and concern
to the Ecuadorian government in relation
to these statements being made about
Catalonia and it's understood that
following informing apparently Julian
Assange through his communications team
the these signal jammers were indeed
installed some hours later and the idea
was to disrupt him from being able to
communicate with the outside world and
we're being told that this was done by
quote the order of the Ecuadorian
president and just to keep in mind of
course all of this comes after the UK
Foreign Affairs Minister here in London
had called Julian Assange a miserable
little worm so certainly lots of
developments coming in so we're going to
be watching what happens including at
the Ecuadorian Embassy where I'll be
going to right after this to get more
details on what exactly is going on sure
okay thanks nasty we'll be coming back
to you throughout the afternoon no doubt
that was that and to see talking are
there in London for us well earlier we
did speak to the human rights activist
Peter Tatchell about what is happening
with the such there does appear to be
disquiet in Ecuador over the fact that
Julian Assange that a number of tweets
about the issue of Catalan independence
I suspect that the Spanish are you know
threatening or
putting some undue pressure on it good
or that has forced us into this position
after all during Assange was granted
political asylum by Ecuador he was
granted citizenship and a diplomatic
passport and as a citizen of Ecuador he
is entitled to the same freedom of
expression as every other Ecuadorian
citizen effectively he has now been held
in isolation an unjustified and very
draconian response to a handful of
tweets
