okay well let's go back to our breaking
news this hour because sources close to
WikiLeaks have revealed to our tea that
the Ecuadorian embassy blocked jr.
Sandra's internet access using
electronic jammers Ecuador demands that
the whistleblower stops tweeting on
Catalan issues and that's why they did
it well we can get some reaction now too
from a close friend of Julian Assange
it's the British fashion designer Dame
Vivienne Westwood and she joins us now
and she's outside the Ecuadorian Embassy
- good afternoon to you thank you very
much for coming on - Artie I hope you
can hear us just tell us why have you
decided - because I can't hear you and I
just want to make a statement this is
about freedom of speech Julian Assange
is one of the greatest heroes in the
world and and we're very concerned about
the fact that he can't have visitors at
the moment and it's really important
that he's got access to the world by all
the exposures that he manages to do he's
a reason war hero reacts he exposed
American war crimes they want him in
concrete and you know he's just my
friend and he's brilliant and I'm a
fashion designer called Vivienne
Westwood and I see him quite regularly
and support him whenever I can thank you
thanks
