hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report we are still in Puerto Rico time
to check in with some late-breaking news
Stacie max yes we're in Puerto Rico and
actually while we've been here there was
actually some headlines coming out of
the crypto conferences here I'm gonna
read you this headline it's from coin
desk only this past week Porto Rico aims
to attract blockchain startups with new
counsel Puerto Rico's government has
created an advisory council aimed at
spurring the development of blockchain
businesses on the island the move was
announced last Thursday during the
blockchain unbound conference in san
juan manuel Lavoie rivera puerto rico
secretary of economic development and
commerce struck a bullish tone during
remarks about the text future prospects
the council is composed of a mix of
public and private sector
representatives including Rivera the
government's chief innovation officer
and its secretary of the Treasury as
well as a mix of entrepreneurs and
investors that have moved to Puerto Rico
so it looks like there is some success
there's some movement happening is quite
seemingly fast this is the kind of
spontaneous combustion
that you see happened when good
intentioned groups get together and they
have their wherewithal the resources to
do something positive so here the
government is clearly responding to the
influx of capital and entrepreneurs
they're responding in kind
the entrepreneurs will then respond back
and you create a ladder toward much
higher GDP growth based on innovation
entrepreneurial ISM and Puerto Rico is
positioning itself to be the go-to place
for crypto entrepreneurs well I mean the
interesting thing about it is they yeah
they call it restart week and it
actually a my next sideline you see
where that actually starts is what the
government of Puerto Rico is planning on
restarting the economy right so it's
interesting that blockchain Bitcoin
cryptocurrency
are a whole new entire economic paradigm
it's something so revolutionary as the
printing press so this moment is a
moment for any country like Puerto Rico
any territory like Puerto Rico to seize
the day
absolutely and here's a country and I
should say a territory that has been
subjected to a lot of financial
repression and you know wherever we see
that in the world they're looking for a
ways to escape the hegemony of the US
dollar the Germany of the US banking
system in the global banking system and
so in areas like Africa and countries
like in Africa in Asia now Puerto Rico
they see this as you point out the most
revolutionary technology since the
printing press remember the printing
press totally obliterated the monopoly
position of the church and ushered in
the Renaissance assured in the
Enlightenment and ushered in democracy
and government by and for the people as
we know it based on something fairly
simple the printing press making
knowledge available to all here you're
making money available to all you're
making the ability to print your own
money become your own central bank
available to all that's incredibly
liberating regulators don't know what to
do they're caught flat-footed they'll
never be relevant in this scenario and
so the path is opened up toward that
staircase to crypto heaven and we're
mounting it step by step and today we're
doing it in sunny mofongo Puerto Rico
mofongo is not a swear word by the way
so don't bleep that it is a real word
it's a sort of food made with plantains
it's very good it's very good we've had
a lot of it but you know the other
important thing to remember about Puerto
Rico which you could also say about
Ireland or say Greece is they don't have
their own economic sovereignty because
they have what they some people call La
Junta
it's promesa the fiscal control board
here is that Bitcoin and
cryptocurrencies deliver economic
individual economic sovereignty so this
whole notion of statehood or are we a
territory and what are we u.s. citizens
are we not like who are we it doesn't
matter in
new sort of economic world this is true
globalization where we're all part of
this new monetary experiment right if
you can trust it to let's say Ireland
Greece Puerto Rico so in the case of
Greece they try to do battle with the
troika and they had a referendum the
government overruled the referendum the
company went into economic depression
and destitution in the case of Ireland
they played ball with the troika but
they created this huge wealth and income
gap and they just reinflates a bubble
and they've caused now the incidents of
the next crisis almost guaranteed in the
case of Puerto Rico
you know let's see what path they choose
I think they're smart enough then
entrepreneurial enough to avoid both the
pitfalls of Ireland and Greece and
create a new path that is going to be
quite entrepreneurial and
self-sustaining and enlightening as well
as economically enriching you did give a
panel discussion you let a panel
discussion at one of the conference's
here and you did also note that it is a
beautiful amazing island you have the
Atlantic Ocean on this side the
Caribbean on the other side you have
rainforests you have amazing landscapes
and scenery and beautiful ancient old
old San Juan City but that that's much
better than what you might find in
Wyoming which has been very crypto
friendly here we have the Puerto Rican
government trying to be crypto friendly
as well so in terms of the race to be a
u.s. sort of Silicon Valley equivalent
for crypto currencies well I think it
feels like to me Puerto Rico has the
edge over Wyoming right well one of the
interesting points that was made on that
panel is that Wyoming is now leading the
pack in terms of legislation that is
crypto friendly so they have recognized
the utility token as a new asset class
that doesn't really fit any of the asset
distinctions that you would find defined
by various regulatory organizations the
CFTC the S
see Vincent for example they have very
clear definition about what they cover
on the regulatory front but this is a
brand new emerging security not security
but asset class called the utility token
and so the question was can the
legislative victories in Wyoming be
ported over to Puerto Rico in other
words go to school on Wyoming and
recreate that favorable environment in
Puerto Rico and then what's left to
compare the two well one in is a very
cold place and desolate it's called
Wyoming I'm not too you know disparage
Wyoming but very good steak they're good
steak I mean that's a great place in a
lot of ways but compared to at the
Caribbean it's not much of a comparison
on this panel at blockchain unbound this
government official Rivera said that the
government through the Advisory Council
will be looking at ways to develop the
best possible regulations and legal
framework to support blockchain
businesses that said as a u.s.
Commonwealth Puerto Rico has all the
protections given by federal government
and must also abide by American
regulatory frameworks the regulatory
frameworks of course being much of what
the SEC and FinCEN and whatever their
rulings will basically be forced upon
the islands as well just as well as
Wyoming look we have to understand that
Bitcoin was birthed into an era of
credit trees and Bank apocalypse in 2008
which was met with a wall of fiat money
20 trillion dollars was printed by the
global central banks to bail out the
creditors the perpetrators of that
massive financial crime and they have
stoked the next crisis which is now in
the process of unfolding so the adoption
rate of crypto will skyrocket again once
you have a major money center bank
collapse as is guaranteed will happen
will it be deutsche bank won't be JP
Morgan will be HSBC we're not sure which
but there will be a major money center
banks going under the adoption rate of
Bitcoin will skyrocket price will hit
new all-time highs and
whole cycle will repeat itself and the
rep regulators will be too busy putting
out fires in their own little nest of
vipers in London in New York to really
have time to devote to crypto and we're
just going to basically take over that's
good now a lot of the people moving down
here these crypto billionaires are
moving here because there is a unique
act act 20 in Dec 22 Michael Turpin told
us about that in the last episode act 22
is the individual you know comes down
here and basically you pay 0% federal
income tax most of these people will be
under normally they would have been
paying 40 percent income tax on top of
that as of 2018 January 1st
you're basically treating like for like
so if you swap your ether for Bitcoin or
any other coin you have to pay tax to
capital gains on each of those currency
see it's not just when you convert it
back to fiat so a lot of people are
moving down here for the tax advantages
so I wouldn't look at an article with a
bit more of a negative spin and this is
just looking at the hedge funds and
those sort of people coming down for the
same act 22 because it's this new
governor Rosello
who actually made it even easier before
you used to have to actually I
guaranteed invest in the in the island
and hire a certain number of people like
most investment visas around the world
now you don't have to do anything you
just get all these the 0% income tax and
you don't actually have to pay but that
$5,000 fee so here's what some people
are saying negatively for investors
Puerto Rico is a fantasy blank slate how
tech companies in private capital are
poised to reshape the u.s. colony Puerto
Rico is open for business so declared
leaders from the devastated island on
February 15th at an investor's
conference convened to explore the
opportunities generated by what was
described as the greatest disaster in US
modern history the event in New York
City was organized by the Financial
Times and Puerto Rico's Department of
Economic Development in commerce and it
featured governor Ricardo SLO Nevarez
and several members of his cabinet who
dressed the room of corporate investors
eager to learn about the role they could
play in Puerto Rico's economic future
with sleek PowerPoint presentations and
relentless optimism government
figures described the post-hurricane
context not as a humanitarian crisis but
as a chance for a restart declaring
almost giddily that they could now
accomplish in just a few years what
otherwise have taken a decade well let's
make another comparison you know we were
in the conference a few years ago Isle
of Man and they were positioning
themselves to be crypto Switzerland and
then they ran up against the crown yes
because it turns out that the City of
London doesn't want the competition so
here you've got Puerto Rico and they
want to become crypto Switzerland and
maybe Switzerland will be crypto
Switzerland but where Rico wants to
position itself what's crypto
Switzerland and will they successfully
do battle with the overlords I think
that the answer is yes because in
America unlike Britain the money talks
and if you have enough money and power
you write laws for yourself
and that's the way it's been in finance
for decades and we're talking about
billions and billions of dollars now
waiting to go to Congress and write laws
favourable for themselves that's the way
it works in America money money talks
and BS walks not available in Isle of
Man because it's very much an entrenched
aristocracy in oligopoly and kakastico
say and you're not gonna have that kind
of flexibility you know the last minute
here I want to say that a crypto
economics means you really need a
network a distributed system so it's not
it doesn't favor as much that sort of
private equity plunder system where you
just take extract assets and run away
that's not unless you're running a bit
connect sort of Ponzi scheme that
doesn't work in the cryptocurrency
economy so I think cryptocurrency I'm
optimistic but in the second half you do
talk to a great young guy Jonathan who
has his own incubator here and he has
some things to say about the tech sector
that has already been booming here for
the last few years that's right taystee
we're going to talk to one of the next
generation crypto unicorn technological
wunderkind
don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn with the
Jonathan Gonzalez of parallel eight-teen
Jonathan welcome to the Kaiser report
welcome glad to be here man big fan
all right you are the cutting edge of
technology in Puerto Rico you know
people say first of all what is parallel
18 yeah so parallel 18 is a global
accelerator that's intended to attract
entrepreneurs from all over the world to
come to Puerto Rico and do their startup
here it's a five month program it's
$40,000 equity free it's basically free
money world-class mentors world-class
health and they will even help you
incorporate in Puerto Rico where is this
40,000 coming from it is actually
government funded so not directly so it
doesn't have politics the government
gave a fund to a private entity that
then manages it basically and gives it
to the program it's a history of Puerto
Rico yep yeah population migrates off
Island yep there are opportunities it
sounds like you've got the population
this generation staying because they're
new crypto and technology opportunities
I think a lot of people are definitely
considering to stay thanks to crypto but
within the tech scene we've actually
started to reverse that bleed already
we're starting to see a lot of the
people come back I came back as a matter
of fact I'm part of that diaspora that
came back that was out of the island and
I know a lot of other local
entrepreneurs that are actually in the
same exact scenario where they're coming
back they're bringing their startups of
Puerto Rico and they're they're actually
trying to build businesses here okay so
the story coming here to this week in
crypto yes that you know technology's
coming to the island yeah but what
you're saying is technology is already
here on the island yep correct yep it's
flourishing and is it just about you
know other technological centers are fed
by university systems they're fed by
money that's accessibility to money here
on Puerto Rico there's also a factor of
infrastructure and the infrastructure
needs
some rebooting used to be built up
particularly in the electric electricity
sector yeah
can you talk a little bit about that
because that's really driving a lot of
innovation correct so the electrical
grid historically has been private has
been public right so it was owned by the
government and that meant that if you
were a company that wanted to innovate
on that field or improve on that you
couldn't make the only entity that could
actually sell power to the people was
prepa and then if you want it to sell
energy you have to settle it sell it
back to prepa at 7 cents which is like
one-fifth of what they actually end up
selling in the end consumer but now that
that's going to be privatized there's
all this buzz and all this energy and
all this investment money coming in
specifically to deal with that
infrastructure issue this is a huge
piece of business and if you guys can
solve this some of these issues using
techno and crypto how would crypto you
know be used in an energy solution yeah
Jonathan well there are a couple ways
that it could be used one I think one of
the easiest to grasp is if you have a
system let's imagine an infrastructure
grid that has a ton of micro grid energy
being generated by independent parties
well you might not necessarily be able
to consistently get energy for the
people that that you're supplying and
you may need to buy energy from another
grid so if I have solar panels and you
have wind power
maybe that particular day it's cloudy
but there's a lot of wind and I need
some of your energy well with the
blockchain you could actually have a
system where you automatically sell
energy to me and it's all registered on
a public ledger and everything is very
transparent and and like the kilowatt is
exactly registered on how much was sold
that's how I work
well okay a simple use case for it okay
so so tell me about some other startups
that are here what else you got cooking
well oh wow so many startups there a lot
everybody before that you know Silicon
Valley is Silicon Valley and then
Silicon Alley in New York is Silicon
Valley and in the death of silicon
Plains which are the Midwest and what is
this gonna be silicon what then you
thought about that yeah yeah so I think
there are two sectors that Puerto Rico
is really good at what is financial
sector due to all the malls that are
that are prone towards that direction
and the other one is anything service
related so any service related industry
like healthcare like pharmaceutical like
just simple service focus like customer
customer rep centers for help that kind
of thing is absolutely tremendous the
other really positive thing for Rico has
going for it is because we're sort of
geographically locked you can get a
surprisingly high market penetration on
and get network effects very quickly for
example the largest bank here they
released an app about a year ago called
attach a mobi which is sort of a
competitive been MOU and in a couple
months they had almost 100 percent
market penetration all like 3 million
habitants like where else do you see
that you know I mean like that insane
just viral like movement amongst people
is very active on your account for that
that's remarkable what you just said how
do you account for that I think it's
just the Puerto Rican culture the warmth
of Puerto Rican culture the fact that we
talk a lot we go to a lot of family
reunions a lot of family activities
there's a lot of those are Network
already here that's called the family
yeah yeah yeah that network is very
Latino thing right right so so obviously
if there's something that I use or I do
I go out a lot for let's say let's say
I'm your standard typical young Puerto
Rican right that goes out every
Thursday's usually Thursday's the day
that that people go out of Puerto Rico
all right where do you go you give me
the real deal out this technology stop
hi what's happening here he's real I am
not the right person to talk to about
that cuz I'm a geek I don't usually go
out but if I did have to go out it would
be old san juan's on 3rd second doll
where we are right now so you're a geek
yeah but in America when they say geek
it's usually somebody is very
unattractive and fat and you know but
you look like a handsome young guy but
you're a geek yeah I guess compared to
like a Dutch Pacita or sorry like
there's other people on MTV yeah yeah I
see okay yeah I prefer to work on my
computers to my computer all right so
we've got what about the old
pharmaceutical companies because you
know there's a huge number of
pharmaceutical companies they have been
here for a while American pharmaceutical
companies there's some tax breaks of
course if they get are they is that
still thriving is that's where do they
stand on that if you haven't thought
about that I believe that they're still
thriving I'd say it's probably one of
the few industries that hasn't really
been impacted negatively that much so
like
if you have a high-paying job right now
it's very likely that your job is
somehow tied to pharmaceuticals right in
Puerto Rico and I believe there are a
lot of startups
also in the local ecosystem trying to
tackle pharmaceutical trying to help you
know technology that builds on top of
pharmaceutical technology so I think
that industry by default is a really
good one here okay and because they've
been around the money that's coming in
you know tell us about that it's coming
in from where and what kind of money at
BC money what do you see there well it's
a mixture of things you have a lot of
traditional investors in real estate and
like like the crypto crowd a lot of
people are interested in real estate but
you're also seeing tech PCs that are
coming to Puerto Rico due to all the
connections so I had a start-up in New
York for a time and naturally my
investors and the people I know I call
them up and I say hey you know things
are happening in Puerto Rico and that
sort of net worth effect I think is
happening a lot where you have a lot of
this diaspora that that came back and is
now bringing in all of their connections
to Puerto Rico as well tell us more
about this tech scene I mean tell us
more about them this money and I was all
being constrained and some of the some
of the moving parts if you can yeah no
so the tech scene is the thing I'm most
excited about I've been part of the tech
scene here for about five years now and
the growth that I've seen specifically
within the last three years has been
absolutely insane and it all started by
an entity called the Puerto Rico science
and research trust which was the first
entity that started to actually invest
in entrepreneur related activities and
initiatives um and then that founded
peril a team and then piratinha
obviously has brought a lot of money so
the total portfolio part of a team right
now is close to 200 million dollars
worth of just valuation across all the
companies which is staggering because
three years ago that didn't exist at all
so right zero to 200 million in three
years and then what's the projection now
going looking at another two or three
years where do you see that growing Wow
I see it growing to at least I'm sure
within three years we'll be at a billion
dollar total valuation of the whole
market for sure right it's it's really
hitting that exponential curve and you
know right now we're close to 140
startups they just open generation 5
applications which is going to grab
another 40 they just closed another 40
of local startups after Maria so they
they're graduating at least eighty to a
hundred startups per year now the total
GDP in Puerto Rico I think is 130
billion something in that range so we're
talking about a material impact to the
GDP of this job adding jobs being
generated like massive amounts of jobs
in this sector I mean what that's what
happens when you bring that many
startups right what the culture is
pretty conducive to this so we were at
lot 18 and that's a perfect example of
exponential growth
the person who founded not 823 worked at
peril 18 was inspired by the startups
that are there and went on and did that
initiative and did everything and now we
have low there which was inspired by
startups that that had been seen at
peril a team and that is something I'm
starting to see I'm starting to see more
and more entrepreneurs that are saying
hey I got into this because I saw you
running this thing and I want to do the
same right you know I was here I did a
live video at lot 23 and then some
people right here came and said oh they
saw the periscope they saw the live
broadcast and then they came right over
here so that what you're saying is that
it's there's a huge potential but
there's still an intimacy so I was part
of the startup tech scene in New York
and the one in Pittsburgh and here's the
thing if you want to talk to the
governor in Puerto Rico it's you're
always like a couple people away to get
a meeting like that you can't really do
that anywhere else like if you want to
talk to the Secretary of Economic
Development you can realistically get
that set up you see the the money that's
coming in and the entrepreneurs that are
coming in are they all mixing together
to one entrepreneurial pool or is there
kind of like two tracks going and you
see more of the us-based guys going in
the Puerto Rico base guys going oh you
know are they gonna mix up how is that
how does I think so that the startup
scene I think has sort of combined
itself fairly well but I do see two
tracks crypto and normal tech scene and
that is the one that I'm trying to work
to get into one but right now it
definitely does feel like the crypto
track is one and then you have all the
other startups and hopefully we can see
those two so for example next week is
demo day for for the local accelerator
and I'm trying to get as many crypto
people to come to the demo day so that
they see some of these startups and
maybe maybe there are blockchain
patience to these startups as well which
is amazing you know a lot of different
territories and countries of regions are
trying to position themselves as the
crypto go-to location in the world you
know is it gonna be Switzerland is it
gonna be Russia is it gonna be the Isle
of Man you know Puerto Rico is kind of
thrown its hat into the ring like we
want to be the destination we want to be
crypto Switzerland yeah is that in the
cards do you see that happening is that
gonna be the story I totally see it
happening you know yeah I totally see it
happening I do this to give us the sales
pitch you got fantastic weather yeah
you've got English at this weather right
you guys so a lot of the technology is
done in English okay that's still that's
a good factor yep you've got a local
talent a pull very high education yet
you have a bunch of universities that
graduate more than a hundred to two
hundred engineers every year and they
don't have any jobs right there are no
they're very very easy to access that
resource you have the fact that you're
close to the US and close to Latin
America so it's really great if you want
to expense a lot of America from Puerto
Rico that's actually a lot of the
businesses that come here or looking
specifically for that and the government
is actually like honestly I've been a
hundred percent impressed with how
receptive the government has been
towards everything when it comes to
crypto and blockchain
they've been very open they recently did
a blockchain Council they set up a
blockchain Council when it comes to
recognize I love it and like that's
that's amazing like they're moving fast
and they're really trying to embrace the
movement which is well you know they
would love to have some positive message
- yeah they want to be seen as good guys
yeah this is a great initiative John
thanks thank so much for being on the
cosmic park you thank you so much all
righty well that's gonna do it for this
edition of the kaisers report with me
Max Keiser and Stacey Herbert like to
thank our guest Jonathan Gonzalez from
parallel 18 if you want to reach us on
twitter it's crys report until next time
bye
you
you
