Washington's anti-russia rhetoric has
now resorted to metaphorical expression
the State Department spokesperson said
Russia was a beast from the deep-sea
artists Kayla poppin went to the streets
of New York to gauge reaction in her
recent comments to the media State
Department spokesperson Heather Nauert
had some interesting words to describe
the largest country in the world
Russia has long arms Russia has lots of
tentacles we imagine that they will
continue to have an interest in our
elections but also many other nations
elections as well okay arms the beast
from the deep sea yes Russia has
tentacles all over the world it's a
beast from the deep sea that's rather
creative now with metaphors like that
you'd think that Heather Nauert was on
par with Herman Melville and Jules Verne
but she didn't think of it herself take
a look at these old propaganda posters
inciting Americans to be afraid of the
Soviet Union it turns out Heather was
just beating an old dead McCarthy
estores we decided to ask Americans if
they think that Russia is really a
deadly octopus what country do you think
they were referring to what country do
you think it is no idea they called it
the meddler
England nope I have no idea all right so
what is that poster right like an
octopus right what country do you think
that's supposed to represent well it's
in red so this means the communist
country is like Russia or good gas
Russia what makes you think that cuz
it's red do you think the Russia might
be like a like an octopus
yes you don't think of Russia as a big
octopus
you know strangling and spreading out
across the planet no I think America is
more like doctopus Donald Trump assured
us during his campaign that he wanted to
improve ties with Russia I believe an
easing of tensions and improved
relations with Russia from a position of
strength
only is possible absolutely possible
well nothing paves the way to peace
better than comparing other countries to
wild
oceanic beasts caleb Maupin RT New York
