following last week's brutal killing of
an elderly Holocaust survivor the Jewish
community in France is sounding the
alarm over the rise of anti-semitism in
the country tens of thousands of
Persians took part in a silent march in
honor of the murdered 85 year old Jewish
woman who was stabbed 11 times in her
apartment this case is the latest in a
string of violent attacks against the
Jewish community and some say they just
don't feel safe there are lots of
reasons one being hate anti-semitism
another being the rise of Islamic
fundamentalists who create growing
hatred and ill feeling we get the
impression that the state can't cope and
topless it's why I'm here with other
ways this was not an ordinary crime at
all it was inspired by anti-semitism and
the weak are attacked children all
people this is starting to make him real
is cured she was Jewish this issue is
really serious yeah figures from both
sides of the political spectrum and
senior government officials joined the
demonstration some received a hostile
welcome from the crowd
leading to scuffles left winger jean-luc
m√©lenchon
and right winger marine lepen defied
organizers requests not to attend the
event both parties have denied
accusations of anti-semitism in the past
hey NOLA was an 85 year old Holocaust
survivor she narrowly escaped her Nazi
ordered roundup of Jews in the French
capital in 1942 last week she was
stabbed multiple times before her Paris
flat was set on fire
two men had been arrested and charged a
religious motive has been cited by
authorities an old son Daniel has been
left utterly shocked by her killing
how many time do that to hold the woman
85 years Parkinson she can move she has
no money why you kill how you can do
that
no answer France is home to Europe's
largest Jewish community and has seen a
surge in anti-semitic violence reported
incidents jumped by 26% last year has
also been a significant surge in the
desecration of Jewish places of worship
and burial sites around 40,000 Jews are
estimated to have left the country since
2006 with many blaming the growing
hostility a Jewish community advisor
Olivier Okafor whit's believes the
government has failed to address the
situation again and again the government
and the institutions are of course
trying to help and to assist the Jewish
community they are not capable really to
provide personal security to women to
men to kids you cannot you cannot put a
policeman behind every Jew in France
many Jews are asking what will be the
future because they cannot continue to
march in Paris and to get tears and to
get flowers from the from the government
because it's not enough it's not
bringing back to life mrs. Nora live aha
Oh miss easily me of so many young and
the other Jews have been killed in the
last year's
