amid increased tension between the UK
and Russia over the Salisbury nerve
agent attack Britain has adopted a new
national security strategy with London
now ranking Moscow alongside Islamist
terrorism on its list of main threats
the so called a fusion doctrine focuses
on strengthening defence and the Armed
Forces it also emphasizes using a
broader range of capabilities including
intelligence and economic tools to
counter the UK's enemies Russia is
branded as a threat and accused of
engaging in hybrid warfare RTS Anastasio
truck owner has more national security
capabilities reviewed that the British
government released of course does not
fail to mention Russia it's a 52 page
document that talks about all sorts of
threats and issues that the UK is faced
with from cyberattacks to terrorism to
crime to increasing all of the possible
measures they can take to be able to
take steps against all of those threats
now among some of them means that the UK
plans to use it when it comes to soft
power is quote investing 291 million
pounds to 2020 in the BBC World Service
to increase access to trusted news and
information and they say that the soft
power will be used to project our values
and add advance UK interest and indeed
Russia is mentioned in this report 13
times the word Russian is used nine
times and it's being listed among
threats such as North Korea and Iran
this document goes on to say that the
indiscriminate and reckless use of a
military-grade nerve agent on British
soil was an unlawful use of force by the
Russian state they talk about a
well-established pattern of Russian
state aggression assess a sustained
campaign of cyber espionage and
disruption including meddling in
elections and those are listed along
with other acute threats as is being
described such as Islamic terrorism
human trafficking piracy crime and
instability on the first page where a
truism AR Prime Minister
yeah in one paragraph she says the
threat is from Islamic state North Korea
well nobody would argue that and then
she says Russia I think we're right to
review our security and we have to
review every country in this but to tag
Russia in with North Korea and with
Islamic state I think she's out of step
with the ordinary man and woman on the
streets of the United Kingdom can we all
just please calm down what we need is
the evidence if the evidence points
clearly to Russia and indeed to Vladimir
Putin I'll be the first to condemn
Russia and him but we have not seen the
evidence tension between Russia and
Britain has been escalating for weeks
following the poisoning of double agent
Sergei scalpel and his daughter Yulia in
the city of Salisbury both are now
reportedly in a coma investigators now
say the highest concentration of the
suspected nerve agent used Naveed chalk
was found at the scribbles front door
Scotland Yard detectives have reiterated
that the probe may take months now sir
case clip a Liz a former Russian
intelligence agent stripped of his rank
after spying for the UK and jailed for
espionage before being released
authorities say script pal and his
daughter were poisoned by a nerve agent
of a type produced in the Soviet Union
now official PowerPoint slides have been
leaked which formed the basis on which
the US and half of the EU supported
Britain's expulsion of Russian diplomats
they described the nerve agent allegedly
used and blame Russia for the attack at
the so called evidence includes claims
of previous malicious activity by Moscow
these include cyber attacks alleged
election interference and what the
presentation calls the occupation of
Crimea while Moscow does deny any
involvement in the poisoning it's made a
formal request for the medical
examination records of Yulia script
Powell who's a Russian citizen Russia
also calls the expulsion of diplomats a
baseless sanction
