mr. Peter kuznick historian co-author of
untold history of the United States hi
there thanks to your time so we just
heard heather new at there saying well
know that she hasn't actually or they
haven't actually seen the proof there
they've taken the UK's word for it this
kind of whatever happened to innocent
until proven guilty it doesn't seem to
be working for their for the u.s.
considering what's happened what do you
think about that
in her statement I think there's been a
very strange rush to judgment since the
beginning of this episode since the
poisoning our March 4th
the Brits immediately came out accusing
Russia of being behind it and and the
thing that struck me is so strange about
it was they said Russia was very likely
the country that's responsible it seems
that if you're gonna make these kinds of
accusations you've got to be more
certain than something is likely so yeah
I agree that the evidence seems to point
to Russia but that doesn't mean that it
is absolutely certain in any ironclad
sense that Russia was the perpetrator
and so given the stakes and and given
especially how tense the world is at
this point it seems to me a reckless
rush to judgment when the United States
admits that it doesn't have on cloud
proof you know then then we're trusting
the British who acted so precipitously
the same British who were pushing well
as we know I mean these intelligence
agencies get things wrong can the
history Maris offer us anything say
yoli's history of getting these things
wrong yeah you're an historian can the
history books tell us anything here what
what is this push about what's it about
everyone's own side seems the US and
most of Europe three quarters of it and
Britain all onside together here unified
what's the endgame it's part of a much
bigger scenario that's taking place you
know some people refer to it as a new
Cold War but in some ways it's more
dangerous in the old Cold War at least
in retrospect we survived the old Cold
War
there's no guarantees we're gonna
survive this new one so the tensions
have been ratcheted up on both sides and
the thing is as an historian you look at
it we've got one narrative coming out of
the West and you've got a completely
different narrative coming out of Russia
and much of the rest of the world and
and they just exist if we exist in
parallel universes yeah this is another
instance of this if Russia is
responsible then this is quite serious
and steps need to be taken but you know
there's a certain hypocrisy involved you
think of how serious this is and the
response to this compared to how serious
it was when the United States and
Britain and the others invaded Iraq did
all these European countries stand up
and expel American diplomats for an
invasion of Iraq that was far more
serious of course not you know this is
part of a Cold War positioning with the
West standing up against Russia and
Russia responding but I think that if
we're gonna take such strong action we
need firm proof and we need to begin
presenting some of this evidence to the
public yeah you know the people are
supposed to go along passively with this
kind of measure in Britain you look at
what Jeremy Corbyn has said and Corbin
has remained skeptical he's not saying
that Russia didn't do it he's saying why
don't they share some of this kind of
intelligence which they claim that they
have Peter kuznick historian and
co-author of the untold history of the
United States we show many people out
there that would agree with you
sentiment thank you for being on the
program
