it is a nationwide day of mourning in
Russia
commemorating the victims of a fire at a
shopping center in the Siberian city of
Khmer over the blaze started on the top
floor where there was a cinema and a
children's play area 64 people have been
confirmed dead including 41 children the
emergency services do say there are no
more missing people or funerals are now
taking place and with many of the
victims coming from small villages whole
communities have been left
grief-stricken she was my sister's
godmother mushrooming cost her her
grandchildren how can you live through
that when you realize passing by the
children's beds that they'll never
return that no one will play with their
toys I cannot comprehend how someone can
just lock the doors to a cinema just to
stop people from sneaking in and then
just to run off to save their own skin
the grandmother went to the cinema her
grandchildren were 10 and 8 they were
buried in a closed coffin it's horrible
so horrible a very good family very good
children the 8th graders of course the
parents are grief-stricken it's so sad
this deep grief will stay with everyone
forever well art Ichigo sadhana is in
Kemerovo where people continue to bring
flowers and toys to the site of the
tragedy three days on since the tragedy
the town is still reeling from the shock
people keep coming to this makeshift
vigil to commemorate those who perished
in Sunday's inferno today's also when
the relatives of the first 15 victims
are paying their last respects with
burial ceremonies scheduled throughout
the day now this comes a day after
thousands of people gathered in front of
the City Council to vent their fear pain
and anger they stood for 11 hours
demanding the authorities do not
withhold any information from the public
they're saying everyone who is to blame
for the fire should be brought to
justice and local authorities in turn
promised to keep the investigation as
transparent as possible and flag
Putin who visited the town yesterday
also made a vow that no one will escape
the punishment so far five people have
been arrested in connection with the
tragedy including the fire safety chief
and one of the security guards no
there's more protests scheduled today so
we'll be standing by for that and
bringing you all the latest well the
tragedy has shaken not only the Siberian
city but the whole country people have
been bringing flowers and toys to
improvised memorials across Russia
vigils had taken place too in many towns
and cities before the National Day of
Mourning
was officially declared
well one of the many tragic stories is
that of a group of 11 year old girls
from a village near Kemerovo they
traveled to the city with their teacher
to celebrate the beginning of the spring
holidays by watching a movie when the
fire broke out they all found themselves
locked inside the cinema this reportedly
was company policy to prevent people
from sneaking into the auditorium
trapped inside the girls tried to call
their families and posted messages on
social media none of them survived
Arty's haram and casa de visited their
village and spoke to locals shocked by
what's happened we are in the village of
dashefsky about 40 45 kilometers outside
of camera var this village right here is
reportedly home to at least six of the
victims we're now in a school which they
attended this school only has about 80
students so huge loss for them and
despite the fact that their bodies are
yet to be identified
local residents have already gone to
bring up flowers and candles and teddy
bears to this makeshift memorial one
class in this school has lost more than
half of its students we spoke to an
employee they were such good girls quite
calm joyful they studied really well it
is such a tragedy for everyone I still
can't believe it happened in every
helmet so everyone can talk about nobody
can sleep or eat
emotions are running high with people
seeking immediate answers even those
whose loved ones survived are struggling
to process what happened my neighbor's
son was pulled from the fire by a friend
but he couldn't save his daughter the
whole village will support the parents
in this situation we are not mourning
just for our village a lot of people
died everyone will try to help as best
they can
there are almost no children of this age
left in our village they made up an
entire year group there aren't many
children here only our granddaughter
Zena is alive she didn't go and also
three boys
but no one else their age is left in the
village the tragedy in Siberia has had
an effect on the entire country and
beyond the grief here is palpable of
just 600 residents this village has lost
six children
