number of victims could have been higher
had it not been for the courage of
people nearby some lost their lives
trying to get children out of the
burning building artis jacquelina Booga
has their stories on Sunday a tragedy in
a Siberian city turned teacher's shop
workers students and scores of others
and heroes for some it cost them their
lives like Tatiana Dalia an English
teacher and mother who was out with her
14 year old daughter when the fire broke
out she managed to get her child safety
before selfishly running back into the
burning building to try and help others
trapped inside many survivors have
spoken of how they would never have made
it out alive if there weren't people
like Tatiana their 17-year old Dima
pollution is a student at an emergency
services college with smoke filling the
air he made it to the exit but heard a
woman crying for help unable to find her
children she pointed towards the fire
and Dima ran back inside I saw nothing
there was thick black smoke everywhere
her children crying shouting and that's
how I found out where they are three
children was sitting in the corner of a
room terrified crying two girls and a
boy that's all the boys grabbed my belt
and hold it tight and took the girls by
the collar and carried all three of them
out complete strangers working together
to reunite families separated in the
chaos Konstantin Colaba cough found a
toddler in a play area who was in shock
and couldn't move but Konstantin and a
female employee managed to get the boy
to safety
there was a small child not more than
three years old sitting in the play area
all the other kids ran out and he was
left completely alone there he refused
to come up to me the girl who worked
there is selling tickets went inside and
walked out together with him I grabbed
the child and we ran from their staff at
the winter cherry Center risked their
lives trying to get as many youngsters
out of the building as they could I was
in one of the play areas and there was
another kids room next to it it's like a
kind of labyrinth in there a labyrinth
for kids to tell you the truth if I went
in there I wouldn't have found a way out
especially with the smoke I was calling
for the kids all I could and got them
out of there as many as I could see a
photographer who worked at the shopping
center managed to gather dozens of
children before leading them out
he was reluctant to share his story guys
please don't write about me as if I am
some kind of hero and don't say my last
name please I just don't want it there
are no doubt other unsung heroes in the
city strangers without whom even more
people both young and old would have
perished
