hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
there's an issue probably the only issue
that unites many of the most powerful
individuals surrounding Donald Trump and
the issue is hostility directed at Iran
there is every reason to believe these
same people will translate their
hostility into action even military
action the War Cabinet is mobilizing
crosstalking Trump's war cabinet I'm
joined by my guess Roshan Muhammad Solly
in London he is a journalist and
documentary maker with Press TV also in
London we have Sammy Hamdi he is
editor-in-chief of the international
interests as well as a geopolitical risk
consultants and in Los Angeles we cross
to John rain water he is executive
director of Peace Action all right
gentlemen crosstalk rules in effect that
means he can jump in anytime you want
and I always appreciate Roshan let me go
to you first in London we have mr.
Bolton coming in as a national security
adviser to Donald Trump we have Mike
Pompeo leaving the CIA going into the
State Department and there are others in
the this around Trump that have an
intense intense hostility towards Iran
we also know that is little than a year
ago we had Bolton addressing would-be
possessors of power after there is
forced regime change and by the end of
2019 it's very public and we can't even
talk about those people here all right
what is your you concerned that there is
a concerted planning effort for a
significant action against the rent
including military go ahead Rochelle in
London it's difficult to say because
Trump is very very difficult to read in
fact I've stopped trying to read him he
seems to make policy on the hoof it
depends what side of the bed he wakes up
on he seems to agree with the last
person he spoke to so you can argue this
both ways always see John Bolton is a
fruitcake a complete fruitcake
somebody who literally wants to burn the
Middle East
he believes in Reid regime change in
Iran whether through an internal
uprising or through military strikes he
is against the Iran deal
he's also allied to this crazy
organization called the MK oh yeah who
are quite frankly a bunch of terrorists
Iranian terrorists and the US has long
recognized them as terrorists and they
haven't got a hope of overthrowing the
Iranian government so on the one side
you have these crazy people in a war
cabinet as you described on the other
hand Iran is not Iraq in 2003 it's not
Libya in 2011 it is a strong cunts
country internally cohesive with a
popular government which is backed by
its people and a strong military the
West likes to pick on the weak not the
strong and Iran is strong Iran can set
off lots of fires and if America dares
make a move you're gonna find Israel
missiles raining down on Israel you're
gonna find missiles raining down on US
bases in the Persian Gulf and perhaps in
Doha Saudi Arabia's going to get it too
from the Houthis Iran has a regional
alliance called the resistance axis it
also has international allies like
Russia and China so this won't be any
picnic okay let me go to John in Los
Angeles here I mean shortly I think we
should all expect that Trump will walk
away from the the jcpoa the nuclear deal
is this setting up a cascade of events
here because this is gonna send a very
strong signal to Iran also to American
allies that probably won't going to be
very happy about it for sure here you
know Bolton is a man that does not in
respect international law he's made it
very clear he said that when he was
representing the United States United
States he and the UN so he very very
much believes in unilateral action here
and we don't know how powerful he will
be around a trump without what remains
to be seen but we know his views and the
president of the United States should
know have you his views as well go ahead
John in Los Angeles well you have to
beacon very concerned about how close to
the president the National Security
Adviser is and that dynamic of Trump not
knowing which way he's going to go
depending on what side of the bed he
gets up on Bolton can take advantage of
that and you're absolutely right
Bolton's unilateral list and if the u.s.
pulls out of the Iran deal we're gonna
alienate pretty much every country in
the world not only the people involved
in the deal but those allies of the
United States that engaged in sanctions
leading up to the deal so this would be
really isolating the United States we
have to be worried about that cascade
that you're talking about
which could include the Iranians
starting to enrich uranium again and
ultimately Bolton has been pushing for
Iran for a war with Iran I agree this is
not the run-up to the Iraq war not only
is Iran different than Iraq but we're
different as a country in the United
States were not in that post 9/11
freakout that the country was engaged in
so hopefully the the hope here is that
the u.s. populace will let its voice be
heard and oppose these wars because
there's not a regime change war that
John Bolton hasn't supported you know
John one of the big one thing that is
different from 2003 is that the
progressive left has abandoned the
anti-war movement I lament that very
much that's a subject for another
program let me go to Sami in London I I
tend to think you probably disagree with
much of what you've heard so far on this
program go ahead Sammy I think we have
to remember we have to look at u.s.
foreign policy in a wider context I know
it's very easy to point at Trump and say
that Trump has changed this in the
foreign policy and whatnot but I think
if you really really look at transform
policy I think you'll see that it's far
more calculated than people give him
credit for I'm not saying that he's the
one who is guiding it but bringing in
the military officials into power once
more and guiding u.s. foreign policy
based on their guidance he's restoring
to the u.s. to what it was pre Obama we
have to remember why Obama decided to
negotiate with Iran the reason why he
did so is because he saw that 10 years
of being antagonistic to Iran didn't
help in Iraq Iran managed to bring Iraq
under its complete control it managed to
unite the Shiite bloc's it managed to
bring its militias into the interior
ministry it managed to cement itself in
turn in the army and it managed to
cement itself in every single Iraqi
institution in other words the u.s.
found themselves lagging behind even in
2006 when the u.s. set up the Sahara
movement The Awakening movement in order
to fight al-qaeda Iran quickly mobilized
Maliki and the other militias to utterly
crush the Sahara movement in order to
prevent any Arab do they really
but Sammy say if it's Sammy I think you
need to negotiate I think you need to
give the Iraqis a little bit more agency
don't you think okay let me go to Rashad
I mean they are right you know it the
the blunder of the Iraq war allowed so
let me finish elements within Iraq to
invite the influence of Iran so you know
you make it sound like Iran it did this
unilaterally no that is a result of a
failed and illegal invasion go ahead Sam
you want to finish up I'm sorry I
interrupted go ahead no no that's not a
problem no I was saying no what you're
saying is perfectly true I'll give you
an analysis and I'll give you my opinion
now afterwards the invasion is illegal
everybody knows that but what we're
saying is the reason I'm saying this is
because Obama's pursuit pursuit of
negotiation with Iran came about as a
result of the u.s. finding itself
paralyzed so when we're talking about
the prospect of war with Iran we have to
look at the situation what has changed
Iran still has over 50 militias in Iraq
the u.s. is still lagging in Iraq as I
said the regime Syrian regime is
surviving because of the Iranians but
it's not a reason to go with is that a
reason to go to war with Iran is I'm
serious okay really with Iran okay it's
not in the US interest to go oil is
never in its interest to go and fight
illegal Wars that is not in America's
interest ultimately Russia and go ahead
because one of the elements here we go
back to mr. Bolton here I mean he could
be the ambassador he could be Israel's
ambassador to the United States and and
laying the way the Trump administration
I think slavishly and shamelessly is
kissing up to the Saudis here this is a
very bad toxic mixture go ahead Russia
in London there's a new axis of evil
Saudi Arabia Israel and the United
States that is the true axis of evil and
obviously Saudi Arabia would be willing
to fight Iran to the last American or
Israeli soldier but that's not going to
happen because Israel knows that the
risk the price of confronting Iran is
way too high still probably just bombed
Gaza instead that's a low cost solution
for them but obviously Iran and Syria
Saudi Arabia and Israel are egging on
Trump to
attack Iran to take off the head of the
snake as and a former Saudi King said
but as I say I don't think that's gonna
happen but what we do have here is
Israel feeling that it's going through
an existential crisis it's facing a
demographic time bomb it's only
existential threat is the resistance
axis it knows that Saudi Arabia on the
other hand has failing or lowering oil
prices the oils gonna run out of 50
years 70 years time so in itself is
facing this existential crisis and
that's why they're panicking that's why
they want to take out their major enemy
with the help of the US I feel like
we're talking about a different region
that then the Middle East here I mean
I'm a bit baffled here I mean Iran has
over 50 militias in in in Iraq it has
Hezbollah in Lebanon it has Houthi in
Yemen it's backing the Syrian regime the
Syrian regime an asset if you're sad
Uribe any of these are Arab countries
and you're watching Iran's influence
spread across your northern border
because there's so called the South
Australian of Iranian influence where is
the result of failed and blunders
Western policies in the Middle East and
they should get out of the Middle East
and let regional players work out their
problems here we have to have picked let
me go to John John respond to it's been
said here go ahead one minute before we
go to the break well I just like to
point out that the United States is is
working with Saudi Arabia right now as
everybody knows in Yemen and there was a
recent vote in in Senate and this is a
tragic situation in Yemen yet where the
United States is helping the Saudis bomb
that country and it's causing immense
human suffering the worst human
manatorian crisis in the world so it's
not just about bad things that might
happen in the in the future there's a
really horrible situation going on
because of this leaning towards Saudi
Arabia in Yemen right now and we ought
to do something to stop that war as soon
as possible okay gentlemen I'm gonna go
to a short break here and after that
short break we'll continue our
discussion on Trump's war cabinet stay
with our team
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter labelled
remind you were discussing Trump's war
cabinet
okay let me go back to Russia and then
in London I like to get the point you
made in the very beginning of the
programme that this isn't 2003 with Iraq
I think you're absolutely right
riche and the problem is a lot of the
people that were involved in the
planning of that disastrous invasion of
Iraq illegally under international law
are still around and still making it how
or have influence on policy the fact
that Bolton is back in an administration
is truly horrific considering his failed
resume and this is what bothers means
that nothing was learned from that
disaster in 2003 that we all live with
particularly the Iraqi people to this
day go ahead Roshan
yeah look I mean the Americans and the
British especially they opened the gates
of hell in Iraq and you know everything
that's happened subsequently even the
sectarian civil war which took place up
secondly wouldn't have happened without
that invasion taking place in the first
place
john bolton and tony blair i mean these
guys george bush they should be in a war
crimes tribunal instead they're walking
around free appearing on Fox News BBC
like their respected statesman or
something like that but the lessons
haven't been learned but I would like to
respond quickly to Sammy look the fact
is Iran has reacted they've reacted to
that invasion in 2003 where they had
basically hundreds of thousands of
American soldiers on one border in Iraq
and hundreds of thousands of American
soldiers on the other border with
Afghanistan they are reacting to the
fact that the West with the help of
Saddam Hussein and all the Arab world
virtually tried to basically destroy
Islamic Iran at birth in 1979 and
throughout the 80s 1 million people died
in that war Iran's military doctrine now
is never to fight a war on its own soil
that's why it seeks bus buffers in Iraq
in Lebanon and elsewhere because it's
never going to fort fight a war on its
own soil but what I would say is that
everyone should listen to Gerard Zarif
Mohammad Javad Zarif the Iranian Foreign
Minister who's been repeatedly ignored
over the last two years he's constantly
called for a regional conference between
Saudi Arabia between Turkey between Iran
where everybody recognized each other
the spheres of influence they sign a
non-aggression pact and they take the
heat out of the situation in the Middle
East
so the ordinary Arabs don't have to
suffer the consequences Sammy would you
read will react to that because I think
that if the United States say extremely
unlikely and Russia would be blessed
such an idea
it could go forward I mean the thing is
is that we keep hearing about hostile
hostile words and potential hostile
actions towards women why don't we just
sit down and talk you may not like the
nuclear agreement but Lisa it isn't
agreement it could be something that
could have been built upon but no it's
gonna go in reverse I don't understand
why we can't apply diplomacy all we keep
hearing is the drums of war Sammy go
ahead in London I think if you talk to
any of the Saudis you talk to any of the
Arabs I mean to remember King Abdullah
invited rouhani and invited the Iranian
officials to Mecca in order to discuss
potential peace but what I'm saying is
this put yourself in the Saudi shoes as
difficult as there is but do it for a
second look at your northern eastern and
southern border look at an
internationally recognized government in
Yemen that is agreed upon by all parties
and then the Iranians gets involved with
the Houthis and encourage them to
overthrow that government and almost
take over all of Yemen I agreed as a
humanitarian crisis but Peter between an
internationally recognized government or
a military coup if we democratic we
support you know Sammy you know about
Yemen if you want to talk about yeah
makes you question the influence that
Iran may or may not have in Yemen as a
result of the assault of Saudi Arabia
with Western Allies okay so get you know
you're getting you the cut sense of
causality wrong all right please
continue okay okay so with regards to
the two example the war that happened in
the 80s the war didn't just emerge all
of a sudden to attack Iran Iran the the
revolution that took place in Iran
started spreading towards the Arab
states when the Arabs asked the Iranians
to back off the Iranians said look we're
not going to be held responsible for
this wave and who mainly said we need to
spread it I'm not justifying the war but
I'm saying that politics does not occur
in a vacuum Russia and mentioned that
Iran is reacting the Arabs also reacted
this is the reality of what's going on
we can have diplomacy but tell me a
Peter how do you have diplomacy with a
country that dominates the Iraqi
government via militias that commit
secretary
killings that goes on a war with
terrorism goes into the Sunni areas and
utterly wipes them out that protects a
tyrannical regime in Syria that kills
its people left right and center and it
goes typical John Bolton's talking
points that don't make any sense
whatsoever really I mean what did you
just do really but the brigade had you
know Ahmadiyya Sahib and little Huck
Khattab
Imam Ali all of them they openly
acknowledged that Iran is backing them
hadiyyah-lah Murray has a famous
statement in Syria
don't give him don't lecture me about
this this is ridiculous okay
okay the revolution taking Syrian they
said why are you talking so much about
to cut your mic okay I need to go to
another guest here Thank You Sammy John
would you like to jump in a lot with
said well I think here in the United
States what we have to be concerned
about is the fact that what you're
pointing out which is that John Bolton I
mean all of these countries John Bolton
wants regime change in Iraq he wanted
regime change Iran Syria Libya and now
we're talking he's talking about regime
change in North Korea we need to create
a movement in this United States to put
a check on that you know as we were
talking about before going to war with
Iran or North Korea for that matter
would be make the Iraq war as tragic as
it was look like a picnic those
countries have much stronger militaries
in the case of North Korea you know
South Korea is right there on the border
of the DMZ
these would be tragedies of immense
proportion and both Mike Pompeo and John
Bolton we're talking a lot about balding
but Pompeo has the same anti-islamic
Islamophobic tendencies he also has been
interested in regime change in Iran and
in North Korea there has to be a check
on this or we're in big trouble in this
country and so people need not only to
be angry at the television right now
they need to get out in the streets they
need to contact their members of
Congress the only way we have a check on
this war cabinet is through public power
we can hope that mr. natus put some job
and once again I agree with you John but
there's a small problem the at least I
can speak for the American public
they're not even told about these things
it is not common currency to hear about
these things they talk about porn stars
okay it's I mean the last news cycle in
the United States is really
embarrassment to the country here right
let me go to Russia Sean thanks to John
here he mentioned all of the countries
where we've had regime change recently
it never works out it's always the law
of unintended consequences so why do
these morons think they can do it again
because the outcome will be the same
just far worse as you pointed out in the
beginning of this program Iran is not a
weak country it can fight back and it
can push back and I only in its a
nightmare scenario if if that actually
starts to unwind go ahead was young yeah
I mean people like Bolton and Trump and
others these neo cons they're just crazy
ideologues I mean I call them the
American Wahhabis you know after the
religious extremists in in Saudi Arabia
it's their way or the highway
you know everything that they say is
right everything everyone else says is
wrong and they just can't change their
minds they believe in American
exceptionalism they truly believe that
America is on this kind of cowboy like
crusade to democratize the whole world
to dominate the whole world that's their
mindset and it's
it's not going to change but what I
would say is it's in America's interest
in Israel's interest to have Muslims
especially Persians and abs fighting
each other I don't want that to happen
you'll get other guests in London can
come up with this arguments and argue
for the Arabs I can argue for Iran we
can counter each other's arguments until
the cows come home but the fact is we
gonna look for solutions now let's not
have these TV debates where we just
fight each other let's look for
solutions
everyone has their interests everyone
has their spheres of influence and we've
just got to take the heat out of the
situation because the ordinary Arab and
Persian incurred in the region is
suffering because of Israel suffering
because of America and suffering because
of the the interplay between these world
and regional powers so let's sit down
and talk and take the heat of the
situation I don't I don't want Iran
Iranian troops or Russian troops to be
in Syria or Iraq or other places I would
like them to withdraw but they're not
going to withdraw unless Saudi Arabia
withdraws unless turkey withdraws unless
Qatar or the West withdraws so
ultimately people need to sit down and
talk and come to a plan and come to a
peace plan as a result of those talks
okay let me go to Sami here what would
you propose to lessen tensions what does
what can I ran do what can the u.s. do
Israel Saudi Arabia if there is honest
discourse and looking for resolutions
what would you suggest go right ahead I
think to be honest the biggest issue for
example in Iran in particularly is that
its combating the US I think that's the
biggest issue you take the u.s. out of
the equation and things become much more
easier I confess that withdrawal of the
US will mean that Iraq essentially falls
under Iranian hegemony and to be honest
if I was allowed to finish earlier I was
going to say that I don't blame the
Iranians for their foreign policy in the
region I understand that this generation
of rulers in Iran or the generation that
fought in that terrible iraq-iran war in
the 1980s so I understand when jawad
Arif says that they want to protect
themselves by establishing buffer zones
the problem is the Iraqis are paying the
price of this feud going on between Iran
and the US so in other words I can
amplify through the Iranians but it
doesn't mean I
with what they're doing in the region it
with regards to solutions that take -
that take place the problem is that the
u.s. is trying to establish itself as
the main hegemonic superpower since the
fall of the Soviet Union the 1990s it's
had free reign to do as it wishes and I
think the rise of Russia the rise of
China new israa stablish is establishing
a new equilibrium Iran no longer needs
the US Iran can go to China can go to
the Russians and actually stand
head-to-head the problem for the Saudis
however is this we talked about Saudi
involvement in Syria
harvies a lesser than Bashar al-assad
were never pro Saudi they despised the
Saudis because they abandoned Sami
Saudis I hope that Jung here is this
have to jump in here we agree on
something here problem here many thanks
to my guests in London and in Los
Angeles and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
you
