a warm welcome you're watching RT
International with me Nicky Aaron good
to have you with us this hour before we
update you on the aftermath of the
commemorative on to bring you more
reaction to the news that two dozen
countries are sending home more than a
hundred Russian diplomats between them
is in support of Britain which accuses
Moscow of orchestrating the poisoning of
a former spy and his daughter early this
month we can now look live to Russia's
permanent representative to the European
Union of Vladimir Churov and mr. Trudeau
ambassador to Java well welcome to the
program is very good to have you with us
why do you think such far-reaching
punitive decisions are being taken long
before the investigation into this trip
our case is over what's the rush here do
you think well it all started with the
British government blaming Russia for
this tragic incident not only before the
investigation was completed but before
it even started
you know Scotland Yard itself said it
would take weeks and the OPCW in The
Hague said it might take months to reach
a conclusion but I have the impression
that the British government never wanted
the conclusion that it had its own
decisions already well in advance and
the swiftness with which a number of
countries followed UK and the United
States I should add their lead in this
is deeply disappointing of course why
was the UK do that why would they have
their mind already made up before the
investigation is over well that is a
good question to ask the British
government the claim that they've
managed to convince their allies in
Europe and elsewhere
that their finger pointing in Russia had
some was substantiated by something I
don't know whether they showed any
evidence because if they had evidence
they should have according to the their
obligations under the Convention on
prohibition of chemical weapons the
first show it to the Russian Federation
which they didn't so this is very
strange and very suspicious what's the
what's very peculiar as well is that
Donald Trump says that America is open
to cooperation with Russia well the
European Commission President
jean-claude Juncker says Europe needs to
have an open channel of communication
with Moscow but if they're expelling
dozens of diplomats who are they going
to talk to well that's another good good
question well as far as the United
States is concerned I'm afraid we are in
a situation when Washington does not
speak with one voice as far as the
European Commission president is
concerned I fully support his view that
channels of communication need to mean
to be maintained and that is what my
permanent mission in Brussels and myself
have been doing all these years at the
EU level of course of the decision that
was taken was shall I say symbolic by a
temporary recall of my counterpart
ambassador added the editor from Moscow
for consultations the expulsion that you
mentioned they were all taken at
national level by individual member
states of the European Union and some
other countries and they will adhere
that I don't think the British
government is
should be satisfied with this because
they are now saying that the fact that
so many countries have shown solidarity
with Britain by through the expulsion of
Russian diplomats if you look at the
picture actually they have been they
have managed to split the European Union
in a way that Russia never could or
never intended to because half of member
states did not support that view of the
UK and did not follow with similar
measures I suppose another good question
is they you know Donald Trump and John
Prante talking about wanting cooperation
with Russia but what kind of cooperation
do you think they're talking about in
this climate
after the actions that they taken
against Russia well I'm dealing with the
European Union's so let me concentrate
on that the European Union is Russia's
in spite of all of all that has
transpired in the last few years
so-called sanctions ante sanctions and
other things which of course produced a
negative impact on our cooperation in
various fields but still nevertheless
the European Union remains
Russia's number one trading partner and
the major source of for that direct
foreign tea before an investment and of
course we have a wide range of bilateral
issues that we have to deal with to say
nothing of our cooperation in the
international arena take the fate of the
famous deal on the Iranian nuclear
program or take the Middle East the
Middle East quartet where Russia and the
EU are both represented and a number of
other issues even Syria in spite of
certain differences
a White House spokesperson said it was
Donald Trump who effectively spurred EU
countries into action against Russia now
this was supposed to be about country
standing in solidarity with Britain on
the issue so why do you think Washington
wants to maneuver itself into the
driving seat now deciding how Europe
should react to such events well the
driving seat is I believe the most
comfortable seat for the u.s. diplomacy
to be in it doesn't always managed to be
there and to act in a diplomatic way
unfortunately it's interesting the
washing thing I'd like you said
Washington is used to being in that
driving seat that's where it usually
sits but some it was it's Britain where
the incident took place so I guess you
could say why what business is this of
Washington anyway well I would say that
of course this whole thing was started
in in London and I think the if you look
at this the course of events objectively
even in the lake of any evidence
supporting the Russian involvement
theory I think it came at a very
appropriate a very opportune time for
the British government which was feeling
quite uncomfortable in this situation
with the brexit negotiations in spite of
certain progress achieved lately but
still major issues remain open and I
would say the most severe problem is the
one concerning the Irish Irish border
also the the British public opinion is
certainly still split over the Bridget
issue many
media reports have been suggesting that
there splits even within the British
cabinet and of course the position of
the current cabinet including the Prime
Minister is rather weak after the
elections last September and of course
even in the transatlantic relationship
things are not that easy not that not
void of problems look at the primary
issue that was discussed at the last
session of the European Council that's
trade measures against the background of
the US president's decision to impose
tariffs on certain imports like steel
and aluminium so the situation is quite
complicated and one could say that what
was lacking on the shores of lb-1 was a
good old-fashioned spy scandal there's
always that theory that some people will
jump to that Russia is the convenient
scapegoat for any situation and
certainly a big scandal like the scrap
our case would draw attention away from
other issues going on elsewhere but it
does think that some European countries
seem to have lost their own enthusiasm
when it comes to this whole anti-russia
vibe and in fact calling for the
anti-russian sanctions to be lifted do
you think Washington at this point is
trying to counter that and so that it
can keep the anti-russian mood alive
that vibe that we've been reporting on
for the past year or more yes I would
say that this latest anti-russian
hysteria over the the Salisbury incident
it certainly serves as a tool to prop up
the position of individual EU member
states in favor of continuing the
erroneous sanctions policy towards
Russia
definitely what do you think are the
longer-term repercussions of this well
unprecedented level of diplomatic
explosions we're seeing do you think we
are heading to new depths of a Cold War
like some people fear well that depends
on your definition of Cold War I think
Cold War in its original classical sense
was a conflict of two ideologies we
don't have a conflict like that anymore
it's a different reincarnation of the
Cold War you could say but I believe
it's just anti-russian prejudice and you
know a reaction to certain foreign
policy successes that Russia has
achieved in the last months and years so
it's partly jealousy it's partly some I
would say a long-standing animosity on
the part of some but I'm an optimist so
I believe this will not prevail because
I believe in common sense of the
majority of Europeans and actually even
today as as we note half of EU Member
States have chosen not to participate in
this integration history I will add to
this one additional element the context
that I have here in Brussels with
representative of the business community
of European Union its member states
indicate that this hysteria does not
grip the business community which in
many cases is eager to continue
investing in Russia to continue
cooperating in Russia and to pursue
mutually mutually beneficial policy
ambassador ambassador
