Russia is mourning the victims of the
deadly blaze in the Siberian city of
camera fuh 64 people including many
children lost their lives in a huge fire
that broke out at a shopping and
entertainment complex on Sunday
President Putin who's in the city says
criminal negligence was to blame for the
blaze well
anger is running high in the city where
people have gathered at the headquarters
of the regional government they are
demanding answers and justice for the
victims more people are expected to
rally today and the crowd has been
repeatedly chanting a word truth the
region has declared three days
President Putin laid flowers at a
makeshift memorial at the shopping
center he also visited the injured in a
local hospital and promised that all
those responsible would face punishment
when you hear for the first time how
many people died that children died we
don't just want to cry you want to
scream but after you hear what's
happening here frankly you feel very
different just as good okay from where
in this situation in camera if I'm
joined by Murat Ghazi of Murat crowds as
we're seeing they're increasingly coming
out onto the streets and in despair in
anger will perhaps get that to a moment
more in detail but just on the president
he's been meeting local officials as
well what's come out of that well he he
was very direct using very strong
language saying that you know what led
to this is criminal negligence and
carelessness on behalf of officials he
said that the actions of every single
official related involved in this
horrific tragedy will be evaluated that
those responsible will be punished this
is this is the promise that he made he
also took a dig at corruption saying you
know if you give money they'll give you
any sort of permit without checking
without checking anything heads heads
will roll here but the pictures now on a
the protest live in the camera these
people upset their anguish incredibly
sad and they're angry they're angry with
authorities they're demanding the truth
is saying that the reaction from
authorities from the fire service was
inadequate they're very angry that you
know the conditions under which so many
people died were allowed were allowed to
happen to take hold because of
authorities because of officials because
of
negligence because they did not control
things because they gave out permits
where they were undeserved and they did
not check that this shopping center was
was safe safe to be in there now
demanding answers from two
representatives the city mayor and the
governor I believe
yes oh that's just what we're seeing at
the moment as rut was saying you know
local officials coming idle at trying
trying really to to to answer some of
the many questions that the public
aren't hard raising your and rocky
you're talking about the the president
really corruption was one of his key
election things it's gonna be first and
foremost here as well isn't it the
people here that died let's not let's
not of course how many children died
there's 64 people we don't know the
final figures of children here at the
moment but you can understand that that
is why so much an outpouring of anger of
frustration of sadness is on the streets
right now well look at it this way the
brief that Putin was given we learned a
few tidbits that we had heard about
before that with him now being confirmed
the fire itself began in the playroom
the arcade room in the shopping center
on the fourth floor it was caused either
by malfunctioning electronics a short
circuit perhaps bad wiring oh it was a
fire that was set on purpose and open
fire so somebody might have taken a
lighter to something though that is less
likely say investigators this is early
days yet but they're looking they're
looking into what caused this so we
expect more details but the moment the
fire took hold everything went south
everything went wrong the fire alarm had
been malfunctioning and had been offline
for more than a week since the 19th
that's extraordinary for a full week
seven days there was no functioning fire
alarm and nothing exactly a nobody
nobody fixed it but they they had a
backup system that you know you had to
press a button security had to press a
button and that be an alarm that would
sound around the building
nobody pressed it nobody pressed this
button there was no warning the only
warning people had that something was
wrong is when they had a column of smoke
dense thick smoke
come to woodsman this smoke in a fire
like this it travels incredibly quickly
credibly fast you know you have to run
to outpace it which is why people were
breaking windows opening doors anything
to get the smoke to get the smoke out
but the other problem was the doors were
locked the doors and the cinema itself
is reims they were locked apparently
locked by the people who people who were
supposed to be watching them by
management so that those without pickets
couldn't get in after showing a fire
after the films and started and this is
incredible because usually you have
siblings sitting at the door waiting for
the duration of the movie for it to be
over you know so nobody goes in that
isn't supposed to isn't supposed to be
in there in this case the fire began the
doors are locked and all the people
inside predominantly children are stuck
as they couldn't get out and they're
cooling their fathers their mothers
saying we're stuck in here we're
suffocating please help and you have
parents who left their children who left
them in the cinema in the arcade room in
the playroom and went about the shopping
center about their business you know
shopping or whatever it is we do see
some kids that are left perhaps with an
elder sibling you go with your younger
children to the cinema the parents do
the shopping especially on that day a
Sunday afternoon which would have been
very busy a lot of other people around
so you're saying that the other parents
they just weren't there
they're on the lower floors this cinema
was on the higher the fourth floor I
believe and that is another aspect of it
it made it much more difficult to get to
them well it's exactly yet one father he
left his three daughters 5 to 11 years
old in the cinema he went downstairs to
the first floor is doing whatever he was
doing gets a phone call from one of his
daughters saying I'm trapped
we're suffocating there's a fire by the
time he got to the fourth floor it was
too late it was full of smoke he tried
to try to use a wet cloth and forge it
but he couldn't do it he had to go back
and his daughter
imagine how horrific that must have been
so you can understand why these people
in camera are so upset why they're so
enraged so angry why they're demanding
the truth and accountability five people
have been arrested so far they expect
more arrests you know for 64 people that
have died six still missing but you know
earlier on I put together a report about
the loss that these people have taken
about why they're so angry why camera is
a city on the edge and I must warn
viewers that they may find some of this
distressing cinema stuff didn't let me
through they pushed me my daughter asked
me why no one was saving her her asked
the fireman to do something but he just
stared at me I ran to the third floor
firemen stood there do nothing in front
of the door my daughter told me that she
loved me and that she was suffocating I
told her to get down on the floor and
begged her not to die the children are
there it isn't a matter of how many are
dead now unless we change something
hundreds of others could die no matter
how long we stand here no matter how
loud we shout no one will hear us yeah
just as we are we will get of course you
- you're at peace in just a moment we
wanted to show just pictures of what we
have been seeing all morning long there
in camera one of the people who was
speaking there I believe was a father
and can you imagine this three
of his children died like you can just
imagine what is coming out of him how
he's thinking over the past three days
since this occurred a lot of people
surrounding him really trying to give
him support but also wanting to hear
what he has to say a lot of other people
in his predicament are feeling today so
much anger out there as well but what we
do really we want to hear your report
I saw earlier you you you really give
such a great description of of the
children of the parents of the school
children who were going on a day out and
from the countryside to the city me
looking forward to it for such a long
time I would imagine and there a day
their parents day ending in utter
catastrophe hey can we now just have a
look at Maratha peace please we can
answer honestly for rural youngsters a
visit to the big city he's always an
adventure
these twelve year old classmates went to
town and they went bowling ice skating
to the cinema it would be their last
adventure silly classical arguments a
theatre repetition
this clause given you a particular go
many dozens and dozens dead but they
aren't just numbers
they all had names lives who the
compensation and the world won't cover
their family's loss especially given
that so many of the victims were
children Masha was there with her
grandmother she only turned ten last
week and posted this photo online
exactly a decade is all she got in this
world both she and her grandmother
perished Tatyana an English teacher she
was there with her daughter who survived
that jana got her out of the building
before hearing that others were still
trapped she went to help rescue who she
could strangers but she never came back
out you were the best teacher in the
world
right her former students you didn't
deserve this we will all remember you
almost immune to do move so God is not
this point if you did
little rat Ybor pictured here with his
mum and dad she wasn't with them but
imagine her pain when she had to
identify the bodies of her child and
husband not even surviving is easy some
say he jumped others that his father
threw him out of the window in a
desperate effort to save his little boy
before succumbing to the smoke himself
we won't know until Sergei wakes up from
his coma alone his parents and little
sister there are too many to mention
here but the point is made a list of
names is one thing but it's only when
you get to know them just a little that
the depth of this tragedy really hits
you yeah really evocative piece just
giving an example of of some of the
people touched in that tragedy right
maracas eva is with me in the studio we
have been going back and forth to live
pictures from camera where people are
right and force people are angry people
are sad people want answers to what is
going on why so many people died in that
blaze rotten we've been listening to
speakers those touched directly by the
tragedy a father of three three children
who who perished in this disaster
speaking as well also you were seeing
earlier officials from the region yeah
well this this father's story is
particularly touching as I said he left
his three daughters five year old and
two 11 year olds in a cinema to watch a
cartoon he went downstairs whatever
reason to the shop or to go about his
business and he gets a call from one of
his daughters who was distressed
there was smoke all over the place that
they were trapped that those were locked
and they couldn't get out by the time he
got to the fourth floor it was full of
smoke there was no getting in he says he
smashed a window but that didn't help
somebody gave him a wet rag to put in
his face he tried to head in go in
through the smoke with that rag but he
couldn't do it he tried to get low but
he he couldn't get past the smoke so he
ran downstairs he ran outside
he found firemen who were who had just
arrived and who were preparing to go in
he says he screamed at them he begged
them to hurry up but they spent he says
three minutes just putting their masks
on just putting their cars on by the
time that they were equipped that they
were ready he was you know on the edge
he was hurrying them up they got
upstairs and somebody somebody diverted
them he said security I believe was
somebody else they told them to head
somewhere else and they went somewhere
out so he was left there after
everything that had happened with
nothing he couldn't go in the firemen
had gone somewhere else and his daughter
kept calling him and throughout this
time his daughter kept calling him
begging her father to come help her to
come rescue her and
