did the judge sexually assault the
professor in the bedroom at a house
party in case you missed it American
politics has just become one giant game
of Cluedo George Brett Kavanaugh Donald
Trump's choice for Supreme Court justice
who likes beer he played on the high
school football team and he lived for
something called Beach week yep Donald
Trump basically wants Stifler in one of
America's most influential posts but
standing in the way is professor
Christine Blaney bored she accuses him
of sexually assaulting her back in the
summer of 82 he denies it her powerful
description of the alleged assault
before a Senate committee is akin to
somebody turning up at your job
interview and telling the interviewer
that you tend to get a bit handsy before
forcing you to shout at your prospective
employer you're not gonna be waiting for
the call back let's face it
and yet Cavanaugh might still get the
gig looking at it dispassionately any
rational person would conclude that
Judge Stifler and professor Ford both
have questions hanging over their
stories and it's hard to know exactly
100% what happened but this is 2018 and
Ford versus Cavanaugh is just a new
front in the culture the Democrats don't
want another Republican judge on the
team shaping the country's laws so
they're convinced Kevin is guilty
Republicans really won Cavanaugh in
place to snuff out any liberal laws
sneaking through that's why they're not
buying Ford's claims the me to warriors
are with Ford no questions asked
Donald Trump says the allegations show
that this is a scary time for young men
in
which leads us to the conclusion that
perhaps there's no need for any Supreme
Court justices because everyone already
knows who's guilty you know depending on
what they already believe here at I see
why my we deal in facts and here is some
about Cavanaugh he keeps his calendars
from 1982 he may or may not have had a
fight with the lead singer want ub40
he games bears our skis and booth egg is
farting not and as a 17 year
olds he went to see rocky brie and
grease who in the space of one week had
some bad judgment judge
