more than a dozen European countries as
well as the United States and Canada
have announced a wave of expulsion of
Russian diplomats over the poisoning of
former double agent Sergei script pal
and his daughter in the UK we can now
get the details from both sides of the
Atlantic with our correspondents
Americana in Washington DC and her Nisha
Sethi first to Samara in Washington
what's the Trump administration saying
and is there any reaction from Russia at
this point well the US will be expelling
the most Russian diplomats out of all
the countries that have decided to do so
with the White House said that they will
be expelling 60 diplomats 12 of which
are UN staff members and they'll have
approximately 17 days to leave now the
White House released a statement
explaining its decision saying quote the
United States takes this action in
conjunction with our NATO allies and
partners around the world in response to
Russia's use of a military-grade
chemical weapon on the soil of the
United Kingdom and according to the
Russian ambassador who was summoned to
the State Department where the move was
announced Moscow has a vowed to respond
which will likely be a mere response and
he also blamed Washington for
deteriorate deteriorating relations
between the two countries and the
Ambassador also reiterated that there's
been no proof to support the claim that
Russia was responsible for the poisoning
and in addition the consulate in Seattle
will be shut down on March 30th but with
this latest decision us-russia relations
are at an all-time low so we're just
going to have to wait and see how Russia
responds thank you for those details
that's Americana in Washington let's get
Europe's response now from our
correspondent Alisha Sethi in Berlin
hadisha
what I European leaders saying well
across the European Union a number of
Russian diplomats are being expelled in
a coordinated response to the poisoning
of Sergey scrapple and his daughter
despite the ongoing investigation and
President of the European Council Donald
Tusk has given a statement on this joint
response from EU member states so its
first of all take a listen to part of
Donald Tusk statement already today
fourteen member states
have decided to expel Russian diplomats
additional measures including further
expansions within the common u framework
are not to be excluded in the coming
days and weeks so that's so that's 14
new member states out of 28 so far it's
been confirmed Germany plans to expel
four Russian diplomats may have been
given exactly one week to leave German
soil Germany has also said to the four
officials the four art officials with
intelligence backgrounds to be expelled
out of solidarity with the UK and the
Foreign Minister has also said they
didn't take the decision lightly
France and Poland also expelling four
Russian officials Lithuania and Czech
Republic expelling three Denmark
Netherlands and Italy are expelling too
and also Estonia Romania Latvia and
Finland are expelling one Ukraine is
also expelling 13 diplomats and Donald
Tusk has said in the next coming days
and weeks additional measures will take
place now this wave of expulsion
following the UK Prime Minister's visit
to Brussels that ye released a statement
which said it was highly likely that
there was no plausible alternative
explanation other than Russia being to
blame and earlier the Kremlin
spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that
Russia will respond to expunged
expulsion but a reminder that the
chemical weapons body who are conducting
this investigation said it will take
another two to three weeks to finalize
the analysis and finalize results and
the Kremlin has denied involvement with
the attack earlier this month but we are
yet to receive more official statements
from European governments okay honey
sure thank you for giving us euros
response to that and thank you to both
of our correspondents that's Anisha
Sethi in Berlin and Samira Khan in
Washington thank you
