on March the first President Putin
announced a new generation of weapons
vastly superior to anything developed
around the world what I see that we are
Audria list a hypersonic system an ICBM
with unlimited range weapons that can
fly through dense layers of the
atmosphere a nuclear-powered cruise
missile underwater drones a unique
combat laser complex that got everyone
talking about an arms race and that
deadly Russian missile but from Russia's
point of view it's the one that feels
threatened and wants to restore nuclear
parity so how does that work
I'm what did Putin mean when he said
nothing when you thought you swore sure
west wall fricassee chest to be clear
nuclear parity came as a result of an
arms race
it was provoked by the first and so far
only nuclear strike in history when the
u.s. dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima
and Nagasaki in 1945 estimates put the
total number of casualties but up to
450,000
by 1949 the USSR had its own nuclear
weapon ready by 1952 the u.s. tested the
first thermonuclear device a year later
the Soviet Union followed suit both
sides began to develop ballistic
missiles in an attempt to get ahead of
each other the u.s. installed nuclear
weapons in Turkey and the USSR put
missiles in Cuba it was followed by the
Cuban crisis which saw the world Teeter
on the brink of nuclear war until Moscow
and Washington realized there could be
no winners that's when the period of
Dayton came about by the early 1990s it
seemed the tension between the two
countries was over it was a time of
promises although some would prove empty
over time
NATO famously promised Soviet leader
Mikhail Gorbachev that it would not move
an inch to the east
Latakia Virginia Caqueta below Baker or
secret area so mean idea in addition
centimeter is Venus which is not
available recently declassified
documents on the 1990 negotiations
proved Russia's account is accurate
if we maintain a presence in a Germany
that is part of NATO there would be no
extension of Natal jurisdiction for
forces of NATO one inch to the east
there would be no effort to exclude
anyone and there would be no step taken
at this time let's push anyone ahead of
others in 1994 the u.s. changed its mind
about expanding East we're going to move
forward on this but I'd never spring
this on you well over the past 18 years
NATO's been joined by Hungary Poland the
Czech Republic Bulgaria Romania Slovakia
Albania Croatia Montenegro as well as
the former Soviet republics of Lithuania
Latvia and Estonia NATO is now at
Russia's doorstep here is an online meme
on how Russia moved its country too
close to NATO's military bases
furthermore the u.s. moved its missile
defenses closer to Russia's borders
another promise broken by Washington in
2002 the u.s. pulled out of the ABM
Treaty signed decade before when the
Soviet Union was still in place
what is missile defense it enables one
party to launch its own missiles and
intercept any counter-strike we could
guarantee victory in a potential
of course NATO and the u.s. say their
missile defense is and not against
Russia but against Iran and North Korea
but the locations tell another story
missile defense installations were
placed in Poland Romania California and
Alaska
they're also planned for Japan and South
Korea missile defense ships patrol the
seas close to Russian territory so to
see similar elementary system port
authorities know about Tomas pushing
this awkward
Diana but I'm going to change initiative
the turtle tries to take each cube
Ilan's famille the balance is disrupted
and Russia which hasn't ramped up its
missile defenses like the u.s. is facing
a deadly danger
Sousou pretty much immediately emojis
we've seem all cheat sheet also
circulates v to do it but talk you in
conclusion
nobody talks as the you achieve it Navy
should my mystery man America Cathy
Roman solutions to a system of finish it
appeared early system Proteus named
Baroni which teased it to conclusive
russia says it was forced to come up
with a weapon capable of bypassing
missile defences in order to restore
nuclear parity the kajal mig-31 can
launch hypersonic missiles that can
travel at more than ten times the speed
of sound
thanks to that and they're unpredictable
trajectory they are unstoppable
it's an unrivaled weapon the US doesn't
plan to test its hypersonic weapon until
2019 the avantgarde hypersonic vehicle
can fly it up to 20 times the speed of
sound an ICBM will take it to an
altitude of several dozen kilometers
from where it can dive headfirst back to
earth a top speed with aircraft like
maneuverability dodging any missile
defenses
in contrast when other existing
ballistic missiles reenter the
atmosphere they fly at a preset
trajectory making them easy targets for
ABM systems sarmat might seem like an
ordinary ICBM but its range is much
longer
the legendary topol-m missiles can only
take the shortest route through the ABM
systems Samet can travel via the North
or the South Pole where there's no
missile shield and it will still hit its
target but most importantly Tsar map is
a heavy missile capable of carrying more
than 20 warheads that's five times more
than previous generation missiles the
Buddha vestnik nuclear-powered cruise
missile is a unique weapon it's
basically the same as an American
tomahawk whereas the tomahawks range is
limited to two and a half thousand
kilometers because of fuel constraints
russia's new missile can fly
indefinitely it can take any path to
avoid missile defenses
just like poseidon underwater drones
similar to the regular drones were used
to accept these as submarine-launched
and travel at incredible speeds towards
their targets under the sea they run so
deep that no equipment can track them
even if detected the high speed prevents
them from being intercepted the new
weapons can work together to neutralize
any existing missile defense systems can
Jarl can destroy ground-based ABM
systems the Sidon drones take care of
those at sea then the sarmat avant-garde
and cruise missiles can be launched
towards their target bypassing any
remaining barriers on top of that
there's also a combat laser complex
peresvet which is unique because it
almost instantly delivers an energy beam
to a target and has an unlimited battle
reserve developing new weapons is not a
belligerent move rather a move to
restore parity perhaps this time the
call for a balance of force and fair
treatment all-round will be heard NASA
we've thought the solution
plus 250 CCS
