breaking news sacked Catalan president
Carla's pues de menthe has been detained
by German police he had just crossed the
Danish German border his lawyer says
that posh Demont is waiting for the
appropriate checks to be made in
relation to an EU arrest warrant asked
for by Spain
he's been based in Belgium since being
ousted but this week he also travelled
to Finland here's a recap of events in
Catalonia last year
ma sucah del us si si si moral
aggression on te dijo y por ESO y
dominoes Nova affirmative case a rhombus
fauna no lo vamos affirmative
hey no Sweden
we decided to sack the president vice
president and other high-ranking
officials in the castle and government
this morning the five persons that have
been served by the Spanish authorities
presented themselves at the Federal
Police of Brussels
we're not afraid of ballot boxes we have
come together with all-out determination
because we know that December the 21st
is the second round of October the first
and therefore what is at stake is
enormous in fact what is at stake is
everything this is why I ask for your
vote
