mr. taste of what's to come for the
biggest sporting event of the year with
the opening of the first FIFA World Cup
football park in Russia's Black Sea
resort of Sochi as well as amateur
matches and master classes will cup
veterans are also on hand - including
the Portuguese striker you know gamma XI
was there at Saturday's opening ceremony
he's not my first time here in Russia
but is my first time here in this city
and I'm glad to be here because I had
the opportunity to meet this wonderful
City one of the host cities of the World
Cup
Russia is a beautiful country a lot a
lot more bigger than than mine
in Portugal Portugal is a small country
comparing comparing to Russia but of
course Russia is even if it's big we
have some similar things regarding
culture and I'm happy to be here and I'm
happy also that Russia willows to the
finally we lost the the World Cup
Portugal is coming to this World Cup
crowned as the European champions so
they are so - speaker one of the
favorites here could you name one or a
few obstacles that you expect the team
to come across at this World Cup a lot
of eyes are looking to our national team
and maybe that could be one of the the
reasons that increase our responsibility
there has been some speculation about
the fan culture in Russia for example
the British media especially raised
concerns about potential violence at
this Cup so do you see that as a
potential problem as a threat it's not a
big concern in my point of view we have
to to explain people that is football
and it is not political so violence is
not a part of our game that's why also
we are here to - to tell the people that
people will attend beautiful games a
beautiful World Cup and we are trying to
do this work up one of the the best in
the histories people they disappear and
they no political is one thing in
football is enough
