a number of Russian news outlets are
boycotting the lower chamber of the
country's parliament it's after an MP
was accused of sexual harassment by
three female journalists Nadira Tudor
looks at Russia's me to situation a
major scandal is unfolding in the
political arena in Russia it involves a
powerful lawmaker and the chairman of
the Russian State Duma Committee on
international affairs obviously an
important player his name Leonid Slutsky
in February Slutsky was accused of
sexual harassment in the workplace by
three female journalists all three
claimed he tried to touch and kiss them
during interviews which happened back in
2011 2014 and last year too why didn't
they speak out earlier well the victims
say they didn't feel comfortable and
safe doing so until now but also active
in a personage seen yet which is
flawless the reaction from Leonid
Slutsky himself well he called the
accusations of provocations he did then
attempt to apologize through
congratulating women on Women's Day and
saying that he was sorry if he had
offended anyone so how sincere was that
apology when asked if in fact he had
apologized he said he didn't mean it
like that as a scandal picked up pace
some of Schlotzsky's colleagues
including some female Duma deputies
threw their weight behind him accusing
the journalist of slander a violation of
ethics and orchestrating a campaign to
discredit him
when the case eventually made it to the
state duma Ethics Commission it found no
violations and one deputy even claimed
that slits Kees actions were a mere sign
of affection let me see that you know a
few deputies however did take the
journalist side it is unfair to question
this ladies about why they didn't say
anything earlier because that's
embarrassing it makes you feel uneasy
for yourself your family your mother my
only advice is to go to court so as a
response to the negative ruling against
the women certain media outlets have
declared a boycott against the State
Duma even a special-forces magazine has
blasted solinsky's behavior as shameful
in fact more than a dozen platforms have
demanded slits Cleese resignation and
refused to have any contact with Duma
representatives claiming it's not a safe
place to work both for men and women the
Duma has made its position clear by
suspending the credentials of certain
media Slutsky has kept his job but many
outlets are making sure the scandal
doesn't die down and there's your me too
moment in Russia so far
