a Muslim police officer in Germany has
been fined a thousand euro after
refusing to shake hands with a female
co-worker citing religious reasons
the officer was then made to sign a
document acknowledging women as equals
while also promising not to discriminate
in the future the incident took place at
a staff party last year which led to
disciplinary action now some exam
exposed in order to allow any form of
physical contact with the opposite sex
if the man and women are not related and
my colleague Daniel Hawkins had opposing
views from experts about the incident
this behavior is a vers versa so the
ladies who would think the same thing
will also not shake the hands of the man
so it's it's not a sort of not accepting
or upsetting the gender of the the one
it belongs to a tradition in Europe as a
sort of courtesy greeting each other is
shaking the hand there is a difference
between different people and between
cultures and some cultures they fit
better together and others do not
that's not fit so perfect when you have
a complete different concept of culture
in your country we don't try to - Islam
a size every problem we see in our life
so there is a lot of other cultures like
the Japanese they don't shake hands
even some of the Orthodox Jews and also
they don't like to shake hands the
similar case in Sweden with where a
police officer again I believe refused
to shake hands and the authorities there
sided with the officer they said we need
to embrace diversity what's the problem
with embracing diversity Muslim
immigrants do make a lot of more
problems than for instance Eastern
European immigrants or Vietnamese
immigrants Germany has to decide what it
wants to become so do we want to accept
that Islam is part of our everyday life
and everyday is culture so do we want to
accept the whale on women's heads and
faces do we want to accept worker do we
want to accept gender inequality the
majority of people in Germany surveys
shows
Devon wanted freedom of religion is one
of the columns of our society and
accepting diversity a society should be
so so so generous to accept this
diversity but there is there is a
general law and the general common that
how to deal respectful with each other
accepting each other
