a 17-year old Palestinian girl has been
sentenced to eight months in prison for
slapping and kicking two Israeli
soldiers
I had to Mimi admitted guilt as part of
a plea bargain with the Israeli army the
assault which took place next to the
girl's home in the occupied West Bank
was filmed by her mother the video later
went viral and gained international
attention her family say our head had
just learned that a cousin of hers had
been shot in the head with a rubber
bullet and that her actions were
completely understandable what my
daughter did was a normal reaction to
the occupation there is no chance of
appealing the verdict because the
Israeli security and legal system
considers this verdict to be final this
country does not acknowledge
international law and we're fooling
ourselves we think that the Israeli
courts seek justice Israelis hate to see
a Palestinian gaining media attention
and that made them hate her for having
people's support
that was the reason for her imprisonment
the Israeli police and the media wanted
her arrest which means that I had
affected them a head slab did not merit
all the incitement against her and she's
a child defending her land and home so
this verdict is unjust she deserves
freedom our head has been filmed
attacking Israeli forces before a video
emerged online six years ago showing her
threatening to punch an Israeli soldier
her family has been accused of
encouraging the girl to intentionally
provoke IDF soldiers on camera
