I found itself confronted on Thursday
over the alleged activities of its
military intelligence service the GRU a
number of Western countries and
international organizations called out
Moscow for dirty cyber tricks including
hacking the International chemical
weapons watchdog and even a Russian news
agency artis Daniel Hawkins breaks down
the details election interference and
troll factorize this information man
hacking we've heard most of it before
but the latest charge sheet against
Russia is all encompassing and endless
there were hundreds of victims targeted
by these Russian criminals if they
flowers international law in this way
Russia's indiscriminate campaign of
cyber attacks of violations of several
US criminal laws they will be exposed
Russia must stop reckless and
irresponsible behavior of cyber attack
this reckless pattern of behavior the
Russian government needs to know that I
wanted to fully condemn this attack it
will be exposed and there will be
consequences it seems every accusation
of Millian activity over the last four
years from the downing of mh17 to the
water doping scandal has come back all
at once united under a common name and
symbol before it was often vague Russian
hackers agents or just Putin but
apparently we can now name the entity
responsible for everything all along the
GRU Russian military intelligence even
specific names and faces have been
linked with the alleged crimes seven
individuals were indicted by the u.s.
with four of them also accused of
involvement in the Netherlands OPCW hack
and three more already featured in
Robert Mueller's continuing Russia
meddling probe this group of just 16
people has certainly kept busy according
to the latest allegations hacking the
Malaysia Airlines probe the OPCW
Salisbury poising investigation and
Hadopi agencies from Canada to Brazil
the u.s. election you name it the hand
of the GRU is never far away and
according to some the allegations are
irrefutable proof of Russia's guilt in
all other incidents
here you have evidence of the Russian
military launching a cyber attack on the
very organization the international
organization in the Netherlands set up
to investigate those knowledge shock
attacks and why would you do that if you
weren't the guilty party and as we've
seen before there is no need to meet any
real standards of evidence remember when
the NSA was accused of spying on charts
Anna Merkel back in 2015 well the German
federal prosecutor insisted a legal
burden of proof had to be met to prove
this no such luxury when Russia's in the
dock they're almost certain and high
confidence from UK security services are
enough to beat the drum for new
sanctions and anyway the Soviet era KGB
is long gone the image of public enemy
number one is long overdue for an
overhaul and this is the perfect
opportunity to consolidate the perfect
storm I think this is a coordinated
attack this one's got everything it's
got its got chemical weapons it's got
election meddling it's got doping it's
got every other thing you can think of
that the Russians are guilty of and I
think this cloud of accusations is its
own purpose and in normal rational
people would say well why would they be
saying these things unless they had some
purpose in mind the purpose is to poison
any possible rapprochement between
Washington especially and Russia as
front of Donald Trump's that he wanted
to do during the campaign and make sure
that cannot happen and that relations
continue to go from bad to worse we may
not know the whole truth or which side
is hiding something but its image and
narrative which is important and the
Russian GRU bogeyman is becoming firmly
embedded in public mindset
you
