reminding out of our breaking news this
hour from France where there are reports
of multiple shootings in a southern town
well our correspondents on the Dubinski
now joins us live with the latest
Oh Charlotte what do we know about the
situation at this point well we've been
told by the French Prime Minister Edward
Philippe that this situation is being
dealt with as extremely serious and
there have been reports that have come
out now in the last few minutes Nicky
that have suggested that some gunfire
has been heard from the supermarket this
is where a gunman has taken some people
hostage we're not sure of the numbers of
hostages but we do understand that it is
more than one and those reports from
Associated Press suggesting that some of
the hostages have been shot although at
the moment these are unconfirmed reports
and we are waiting for more information
from the police what we do know that
happened is that about quarter past
eleven French time this morning a gunman
took hostages inside the super u
supermarket in a town called TREB that's
near the southern town of Carcassonne in
the south of france we also understand
that there was another incident just
before that where a group of unarmed ers
police officers were having a morning
job they were from Marseilles they were
all unarmed when apparently a van came
along and tried to run them over now one
of the CRS police officers was actually
injured we understand that they were
shot in that incident now the two
incidents are being treated as separate
incidents but of course there is the
chance that they could be merged
together under one incident and we have
been hearing reports that the gunman who
has taken a number of people hostage in
this supermarket in the South of France
has according to one prosecutor already
pledged allegiance to ISIL this is of
course that of the group Islamic state
that has been waging a war across Europe
and it particularly here in France over
the last few years in 2015 obviously
there were the attacks at Charlie Hebdo
the magazine then at a kosher
supermarket not long after that and then
of course there was that night of terror
in Paris in November 2015 when many many
people were kill
and many people were injured in a
coordinated series of attacks on the
city but for the moment at this hostage
situation
we understand that gun shots have been
heard coming out of that super u
supermarket in the town of TREB near
Carson in southern France we don't know
how many hostages are in there but we
have been told that there is an
operation underway and the French prime
minister Eduard Philippe is treating
this as extremely serious okay Charlotte
thank you for those details french
prosecutors say they are treating this
hostage taking as a terror incidents
that's been reported in the media but
for now a thank-you for those details
Charlotte du Penske there we will be
bringing you more details on this
breaking news story throughout the day
so do stay with us for that
