the US Senate Intelligence Committee has
now officially completed its Trump
Russia probe Samira Khan joins me live
on the line from Washington DC's been
following this story is this a
significant event Samira how big a deal
is it well yes in a partisan vote the
house Intel committee has voted to shut
down its investigation into alleged
Russian interference in the 2016
election and they found no evidence of
collusion between Trump and Russia but
the committee also voted to release the
gops report on the investigation the
report however will not be immediately
available to the public it's expected to
be released in a few weeks after it's
reviewed and Declassified by the
intelligence community but the house
Intel committee did publish a summary of
its findings saying that some trumpet
associates had ill-advised contact with
WikiLeaks but they reiterated that they
found no collusion coordination or
conspiracy between Trump and the Kremlin
but as expected Democrats of the
committee are furious saying it was done
prematurely to protect the White House
and they pledged to continue the probe
let's take a look house Intel
Republicans have prematurely ended an
investigation and jumped to unfounded
conclusions that they've yet to share
with Democratic members like the Nunes
memo it's hear no evil see no evil speak
no evil instead of conducting an honest
investigation House Republicans chose to
put partisanship over our national
security and run a shameful interference
campaign to give cover to Donald Trump
instead of protecting our democracy
House Republicans have worked overtime
to protect President Trump and his
family and friends representative Adam
Schiff dismissed the report altogether
arguing that it's a fundamentally flawed
document but in a statement issued after
the vote chairman Nunez said that the
report quote will include minority views
if the minority submits them which could
be interpreted as an attempt to reach
across the aisle but Republicans of the
House Intel committee have dismissed
allegations of collusion since their
investigation ended
a representative Conaway even said that
it would take a writer of a spy thriller
to transform this into evidence of
collusion so now we'll just have to read
the report when it's Declassified in a
few weeks to see if it debunks the Trump
brush a conspiracy theory for good
