hi I'm Max Keiser this is the cause as a
report oh my gosh so much to commerce a
little time let's get right into it
max this guy remember him oh yeah I do
yeah
that's Jimmy McMillan remember his party
he ran for governor in the great state
of New York with the rent is too damn
high a party
I remember clearly what a fantastic
character well they were from some
famous clips of him on stage in debate
with Andrew Cuomo and he was like the
rent today I'm high I hear that hunger
mother oh yeah I can't do his voice but
he was very funny anyway you know he's
kind of considered old school now
because he went the the legit route you
know he tried to campaign to get rent
control and reduced prices on rent and
rent stabilization and went the the
political route he campaigned and
activism and that sort of thing to get
politicians to help with the whole rent
situation that we're seeing across many
cities in America over the past decades
certainly since the financial collapse
and here's the headline that is showing
that there's a new wave of Millennials
on the scene and they are not happy but
they're not taking it to the stage like
Jimmy McMillan they're taking it to the
streets a new generation of anti
gentrification radicals are on the march
in Los Angeles and around the country so
this is Yahoo Finance and they go out
into the streets of Los Angeles they
talked to defend Boyle Heights and their
sister group the Boyle Heights Alliance
against art washing and displacement the
head Boyle Heights for those who don't
know is in East Los Angeles it's just
above downtown LA which use of course be
Skid Row very impoverished very
dangerous when I lived in Los Angeles it
was very scary down there but now it's
hipster Ville very expensive new
apartments there its to change beyond
all recognition but now these Boyle
Heights activists
are seeing the signs of gentrification
coming to their neighborhood and they
are fighting back more in a Malcolm X
kind of way
if Jimmy McMillan is a you know Martin
Luther King jr. these guys are Malcolm X
and they are taking it to the streets
they're basically forcing out art
galleries and hipster coffee shops
because they link those two to
gentrification and increasing rent the
shock troops of gentrification are
hipster coffee shops in art galleries
and once they appear this group and like
the minded are pushing them out and
they're doing so in an aggressive way
right they are like committing vandalism
basically they're committing law
breaking activity to push out in a
hostile way in an aggressive way the
gentrification as a way to stop this
rolling tide of high-priced change right
I've akkad oh so many people talk about
that but what we're seeing in America in
the past 10 years especially is remember
when we were children
it was depopulation from the city
centers people were afraid that of the
danger and the violence
so they moved to the suburbs the white
flight and then now it's the opposite is
all the millennial children of you know
upper-middle class mostly white families
are moving into the cities driving up
rands rents are very expensive for these
families that Latino and Mexican and
black families are being driven out by
the high rents but like I'll tell you
how radical it is from what they
themselves these defend Boyle Heights
put on their blog when they were
organizing a February 7th protest in
mariachi square which is over there in
Boyle Heights East Los Angeles and they
said gentrification is not your next
documentary topic gentrification is not
a trend for the woke wide web or for the
detached subculture of the left to
consume it is a vicious protracted
attack on poor and working-class people
and we are engaging in class warfare
that leaves our friends
families and neighbors homeless
devastated deported or dead so get with
down friends and make crack so so this
is them inviting people out to their
February 7th event and they were
basically marching on an art gallery and
demanding they GTO and so that you know
the real estate agents wouldn't come in
and basically drive our friends yeah I
saw the article and I read through the
articles so they're making the
distinction between this particular
campaign and previous ones where there
been more genteel in those campaigns
right they hold placards they do marches
and they try to get awareness and we
don't want you at reciprocation and this
group and others are saying that doesn't
work we're getting more militarized you
know getting more aggressive or getting
more militant we're getting more class
warlike I mean the so they're they're
engaging in vandalism and violence I
mean that's the bottom line to push out
the money yeah they're making it
basically so that it's not basically
they're making it very impolite they're
very they're putting graffiti on these
buildings so there was like an
experimental art for opera group that
was supposed to be marching through the
streets of Boyle Heights and this was an
order to attract hipsters and bring in
the gentrify errs but they they took
their own trombones and other horn
instruments and started like drowning
them out so they follow them wherever
they go there's this one woman who is
opening an art gallery in Boyle Heights
and she also has an art gallery in New
York City and I think Brooklyn in fact
with all the hipsters lived there and
she herself lives in the Upper East or
West Side of Manhattan and they surround
her they travel across the u.s. in a
hashtag hood solidarity tour and they go
to Brooklyn and surround her art
galleries there and drown her out like
they taunt her wherever she is so she
stays out of Boyle Heights
now because this Boyle Heights group has
been so successful they their methods
are spreading across the United States
to other expensive cities as the article
points out as a result like-minded
groups in other cities Chicago Austin
New York have adopted the same hardline
tactics their ranks are small and their
methods are controversial even
than the communities they purport to
defend but their members are drawn from
the most politically radical
economically anxious generational cohort
in recent memory young Millennials of
color and their cause has the makings of
a national movement a new more militant
war on gentrification so remember these
Millennials are as the article points
out graduating if they are able to go to
university graduating with massive debts
unlike the boomer generation before them
or the Generation X they have these gig
economy jobs precarious jobs their
incomes are lower seventy five percent
of those living in Boyle Heights at the
moment rent so they can't afford to own
and now these gentrification classes
moving in able to buy these properties
drive up rents drive these people out
and put them there hipster coffees all
right so this belies two key American
myths one is the melting pot and the
second is the Horatio Alger myth of the
bootstrapping of anyone can succeed in
America who works hard so this is a
whole group of people a whole generation
in America who's saying that there is no
melting pot we're not being assimilated
there's no opportunities and we can't
move up so their their response
essentially is to go into conflict and
this is a major conflict though this is
conflict across the country with a whole
generation in a way that is becoming the
response to this can only be as forceful
as this as the as the hostility that
we're seeing on the street right well
JFK jr. said it right right
JFK not JFK jr. but JFK himself said it
that's you know if you if if you don't
allow a way for these people to be heard
then they turn to the street basically
violence and revolution becomes the only
option for certain people so the article
does point out that inequality in 2016
the top one percent made eighty-seven
times more than the bottom fifty percent
of workers up from a twenty seven to one
ratio in 1980 the CEOs made 271 times
more on average and the typical employee
a nine hundred and thirty percent
increase since 1978
so the trend has been worse and worse
for them and this is now after decades
of polite conversation
and attempts for polite activism and
going on stage as Jimmy McMillan did and
trying to debate Andrew Cuomo about the
rent being too high and he was became a
national like meme and Comedy
everybody's laughing about it but the
concern is very real for these people
and regarding this woman for example
with this gallery in Boyle Heights they
talked to one of the women
mazey who she runs the Boyle Heights
Alliance again art washing and
displacement bad art washing that's a
new one well I get it it's art washing
so when you see the gallery come into
your neighborhood
that's pedaling you know high high end
art from unknown artistes it's a sign
that the neighborhood is becoming
transformed in the way that's
unaffordable you know the terms white
washing or green washing right well blue
washing yeah there all sorts of white
washing is basically providing like the
UK does that all the time they have an
inquiry and the inquiry is official and
it's lords and ladies who run these
inquiries and they present a report that
white washes the crime that happened by
saying well some terrible things up and
if people feel really bad about it lovey
but like so that's white washing art
washing is using artists to wash the
community to gentrify the community so
artists are being used to get rid of all
these Latino and black faces from the
communities is what they feel so
regarding that woman that I talked about
the art gallery owner who has the place
in Brooklyn and she has this place in
Boyle Heights and they're shutting down
these art gallery so Yahoo Finance is
following these group of activists from
Boyle Heights and one of the guys that
they talk to what he's asked why they're
stopping why they're actually going
after art galleries that seems so
barbaric right well he said three five
six mission they're really smart in the
past they used to do black events people
of color events empowering workshops on
trans people so that identity I don't
give a if someone is black or brown or
disabled if they're a gentrify er they
deserve to die so
pretty harsh language there and pretty
extreme but this is the sort of
militancy and their determination to
stop art galleries and all the amenities
that the real estate agents then use to
promote their expensive luxury $8,000 a
month
apartments in this new complex what
about Captain Crunch
what about Cheerios about the cereal
cafe in other words in the East End of
London one of the signs of really
terminal gentrification with the
appearance of the cereal cafe so
hipsters were paying five six bucks or
pounds or a little bowl of Captain
Crunch cereal to you know have the
feelings that they had as children to
feel good again and so if you see a
cereal cafe show up in any of these
neighborhoods you know that that is a
sure sign of on the road to hell well
perhaps in London but I think Americans
are kind of beyond that because we grew
up with that this is you know avocado
toast and expensive coffee but here in
Boyle Heights remember they were kind of
shut off from the grid of Los Angeles
behind the I think it's the 101 freeway
so they're on the other side of the
freeway from downtown Los Angeles but
now that downtown Los Angeles is now
saturated with really expensive
restaurants and hipster cafes and art
galleries and all that stuff
they're building a bridge a pedestrian
sort of bridge over the river to Boyle
Heights which is only going to increase
the gentrification and basically make it
a more hipster sort of location well
it's a fascinating story about how you
know this kind of pushed back against
the wages of hipster ISM have turned
ugly
so we'll see exactly if they can succeed
history would say that they would not
exactly okay so stay tuned for the
second half a lot more coming your way
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to return to our
conversation Jamison lop of casa or Casa
huddle you do the work there all right
Jamison welcome back Thanks all right
let's continue down the path or the
rabbit hole that is Bitcoin and the
cryptocurrency market and you know
there's an interesting dichotomy here in
this whole space you've got the open
source developers who essentially work
for free you know the free open source
software movement Foss going back to the
cypherpunks in the whole history of open
source and then you have this image of
crypto as being Lambo driving
20-somethings
get-rich-quick scheme errs and you know
how do you reconcile these two or will
the market work this all out yeah I mean
I don't think reconciliation is
necessary there's a very diverse range
of different people who are in this
market and are interested in crypto and
they're contributing to it in different
ways and so you do have some of those
outrageous investors that are flaunting
their wealth but I find that a lot of
the really early adopters and developers
are actually quite the opposite and you
rarely hear of them and they rarely talk
about how wealthy they truly are
all right let's return again to another
topic we talked about the Polonia X
acquisition by circle circle back by
Goldman Sachs we're talking about
exchanges and potential vulnerability
there if you have big banks kind of
buying into those or controlling the big
exchanges the pushback against that of
course would be decentralized exchanges
this is can you talk a little bit about
that what does a couple of names in the
decentralized exchange space so one of
the first ones that came out I think
over a year ago was originally called
bit square and is now bisque B is Q but
this this space is actually developed so
quickly I think there's there's dozens
if not a hundred of different
decentralized exchange projects another
big one is a 0x project I believe on
aetherium but you know I've got a link
to all of these of course on my website
as I tend to do and this is an
interesting development because I think
will allow us to
get away from these choke points and I'm
not really much of a trader myself I did
start doing a bit of trading last year
and I found that as soon as I started
trying to to bridge back into Fiat and
into the banking system I started having
a lot of problems so at some point hyper
Bitcoin ization term coined by Daniel
Kerr wits so everything is Bitcoin
Bitcoin in Bitcoin out everything's
priced of Bitcoin writing to a Bitcoin
world is this you thinking where I'll
get there it's interesting especially
with this development of Lightning
Network second layer stuff a
decentralized exchanges I actually think
that even if Daniel is incorrect on the
fact that Bitcoin will be the one and
only blockchain you could actually
reinterpret that as all of these crypto
assets essentially become Bitcoin as it
becomes seamless to transfer between one
crypto asset and another just a click of
a button then it doesn't really matter
so much whether you're you're using a
cerium or litecoin or Bitcoin on the
back end it's just crypto so typer
crypto ization let's return to something
you mentioned and our previous
conversation talking about Bitcoin and
you mentioned that there's a talk
possibly of 50 Forks you know we're
talking about the forks and the scaling
and the contentiousness of it all now
that sounds crazy so what do you see 50
Forks talk a little bit about this it's
the me to effect and in fact it's not
the first time we've seen this in
Bitcoin and I think back in 2012-2013 we
started seeing an altcoin explosion and
a lot of that was due to the fact that
software was developed to make it very
easy to create alt coins and so all of a
sudden everyone who has just a little
bit of technical expertise and and some
marketing savvy can create their own I
think you know a fair amount of about
that yourself yeah there was a site
there you could just go to the side and
plug in the specs and create an altcoin
yeah in five minutes yeah and so it's
the same thing now with these altcoin
airdrops or a Bitcoin blockchain Forks
however you want to call it is that the
first few of them were very difficult to
do you had
a developer that could really get into
the code create you know their own new
protocol changes but now you just go to
I think fork jennie-o and you know fill
out a form and you've got your own fork
what's the most quantum computer
resistant coin in the marketplace today
we all know it's Mac's coin Jamison I
don't know why you're not spending more
time developing wallets for Mac's coin
Jesus all right let's get back to the
topic here so speaking of manias 2017 we
saw the IC o---- hysteria I see that
Steven Seagal's IC o---- Bitcoin spelled
to two eyes I want to know how to
pronounce that
really Rick or you have to put in a
certain kick you know what does he fight
with Nick not Quito yeah thank you so he
got a cease and desist order you warned
against ICL's you know you were kind of
raised in the red flag there do you
think this ico trend where do you see is
it over is it war is it going
it's weird I mean I think one of the
reasons why there was so much hype is
because the markets had been inflated a
lot last year you had a lot of crypto
wealthy people who are now saying hey
where can I put my crypto and you know
keep it inside of the crypto economy but
also try to find the next big thing and
so as a result there was a lot of demand
for investing in highly risky projects
with the hope of you know at 10x 100x
thousand X return and and now I think
we've already seen that about half of
those I cos have already shuddered and
and failed and probably going to see the
vast majority of them fail just as the
vast majority of startups fail right and
so if you're somebody out there and
you're crazy enough I mean interested in
looking at some of these what are some
of the metrics that you look at is there
any way to value evaluate these it is
it's tough I mean I tell people that
it's really like angel investing and so
sure there there has to be a decent idea
but if you really want to do your due
diligence you have to look at the team
you have to say can this team execute
this idea and are they trustworthy
enough that you know they're going to be
around and put in the effort to execute
it right and a lot of times if you do
any due diligence at all
very quickly run into all kinds of red
flags no there's nobody there's the
lights are on but nobody's home type of
thing alright so now let's talk about
sovereign cryptocurrencies you've got
Venezuela Turkey Iran
you know the countries are starting to
look at this as a way to solve some of
their issues what's that trend all about
where's that going do you think well the
main reason that I find it interesting
is from a standpoint that you know at
least some of the countries that are
doing this are under economic sanctions
by the United States so this may be a
new type of play you know to try to
skirt various economic sanctions whether
or not it's going to be successful I'm
very skeptical I don't know why anyone
outside of those countries would want to
invest in them given their history right
so overall not not a real positive kind
of take on that let's go back now back
to the drama I kind of missed a drama of
2017 now the the summer of 2017
they you know it was really an intense
time I think cuz there's actually
bitcoins face to somewhat existential
crisis with that is that fair I mean it
was really touch and go there for a
second you know we've got a couple of
minutes this is very dramatic stuff take
us back to that moment what was the
triumph ultimately that happened yeah I
mean it was really the culmination of
years of frustration and contentiousness
and there was a lot of game theory that
was being experimented with with you
know the the segment 2x versus user
activated soft fork which eventually
created you know the Bitcoin cash fork
as well and so we had all of these
things parts of the system moving and we
all knew that we were heading towards
some major event we didn't know if it
was going to be cataclysmic or a great
you know rejoicing and celebration the
community was really interested so he
had the emergence of some interesting
media you could call media crypto
personalities with the world crypto
Network which I watch all the time on
YouTube and tone days
and the vortex and Jimmy's song and
these people really kind of us to
distinguish themselves as being the
voice and yourself kind of the voice of
the spirit of what the Satoshi and this
Bitcoin is all about and then he had a
real kind of antagonist I merged it with
Bitcoin cash and Roger and as Jihan you
know in the end and even john mcafee to
an extent emerges something of the
antagonists in this drama and did those
guys ever approve anything with Bitcoin
cash well I mean they proved something
very important which most of us already
knew which is that anyone can fork off
at any time without asking for
permission and and it's actually kind of
weird that it took them so long to do
that you know to finally realize that
they weren't going to be able to
convince or or coerce the rest of the
system to go along with what they wanted
instead they had to do the the voluntary
thing which is to leave and convince as
many people as they could to join them
and how is that project doing now it
exists they're mining it transactions
are going through but you know from any
number of different metrics it's it's
another altcoin I mean I think that you
know litecoin and dogecoin are doing
better in terms of like transactional
volume and fees and you know if people
like Bitcoin cash then they should use
it okay so let's we had a minute or so I
just want to dig down a little bit into
your new project so it's called Casa and
just tell us so it's all you've got
multiple kits and hardware at different
hardware's so with like for example when
the Winklevoss twins said that their
security protocol was to put to break up
the private keys and put them into
safe-deposit boxes and different banks
around the country okay you're that's
the kind of the approach isn't it you're
you're you're gonna have multiple
Hardware wallets so I have two or three
phones or iPads or whatever and these
are now going to be contributing to a
multiple hardware security platform to
give me the true ability to be outside
of
the banking system be my own bank with
the highest degree of security right so
we're approaching this from a standpoint
of saying you know we believe that you
should consider your threat vectors to
be everything from a common thief who
might break into your house to a
sophisticated attacker who knows a lot
about you and wants to take you hostage
to a nation-state attacker who could
even have the ability to go into banks
and coerce employees at banks to open up
safety deposit boxes what is a five
dollar ranch attack that is an attack
where you are vulnerable because you
have enough private key material on your
person that someone can just physically
hurt you with the rental yeah with
anything you know until you get my worst
yeah right that's not good anyway thanks
for coming on great to have you love
being here all righty well that's gonna
do it for this dish on the Kaiser report
with me max Kaiser and Stacy I would
like to thank our guest Jamison lop now
at casa for some reason they're saying
Casa huddle because someone else has
casa some squatter and if you want to
reach Jamison lop on Twitter it's at lop
it's a treasure trove of information
probably the best on the web it's gonna
reach us on Twitter as Kaiser report
until next time bye
