what we have right now is really just
dolls outfitted with appendage
appendages and different orifices that
that make them great for sex in the days
of kind of West world where they're
actually a bright and walking and
talking to us in a way that the
conversational is years down the road
you know I'm really on the positive side
of this and I'm smart enough to realize
some people are going to use them in a
negative way just like some people use
up on a bad way some drugs some porn
whatever but it's not it's not gonna be
the dolls that make that happen it's
going to be the personality of the
person anything they're struggling with
I really believe for the most part be
Zorba aren't going to be a huge benefit
to sexual health and relational health
for most people I don't really feel like
it's our place as a society to say oh my
gosh that's wrong that's you know that's
it
that's not the right thing to do you
know it's a spectrum there's gonna be
people who only choose to express their
sexuality through technology
