the Russia blame game has extended into
areas once considered beyond political
point-scoring our London correspondent
Anastacio Chuck and I found an
educational project that appears to have
found inspiration from Boris Johnson
himself
what's better than helping the young to
try to maneuver the ever tricky world of
global current affairs the day is an
online news service that is used by one
in three UK schools teachers and
librarians from subscribing schools user
articles and activities across all
subjects for lessons homework and
research here's one handy tutorial
provided by the service to help educate
the young and broaden their horizons
toxic Putin on mission to poison West
ouch
and among questions to discuss is Putin
Europe's most dangerous leader since
Hitler class discuss
to help students out topics like the
ongoing spy scandal where an
investigation is still underway are
broken down
despite this incriminating evidence an
international outrage oops and merely
smirks and denies everything in case
there's confusion still there's a
dictionary included which explains the
meaning of the word smirks surely this
teaches you to put things into
perspective
nah the chalk and Blitzkrieg are also in
here a military tactic designed to crush
the enemy with overwhelming force in a
short space of time coincidentally made
famous by Hitler in World War two just
to make it a bit easier to connect the
dots brutal assassinations cyber attacks
as well as plotting the downfall of
Western democracy are also laid out as
food for thought a you decide section
let's students consider the following
questions is Putin the most dangerous
man in the world did the Cold War ever
end as well as what impression does
Putin give about what Russia is like the
day help students develop information
literacy and critical thinking and
prepares them for the challenges ahead
in the ever-changing world critical
thinking is key the toxic Putin class is
dismissed
an Associated sherkenna RT London
