head of the Christmas shopping rush
retail giant Amazon has announced its
hiking its minimum wage to $15 an hour
in a bid to attract new workers though
at a time when the country's employment
level is at a record high amazon needs
to hire a loss of people in a short
period of time and the question is how
many people want to do that kind of work
$15 an hour will help we listen to our
critics thought hard about what we
wanted to do and decided we want to lead
President Donald Trump has previously
attacked Amazon over his tax setup and
criticized its low payments to the US
Postal Service which delivers its
parcels as senator Bernie Sanders who
joined the criticism says other
companies should now follow the lead of
Amazon boss Jeff Bezos
I want to congratulate mr. Bezos was
doing exactly the right thing he has
raised that minimum wage to $15 an hour
further mr. Bezos has indicated his
support for raising the national minimum
wage earlier we spoke with our teasley
camper host of redacted tonight who
thinks amazon's real aim is actually to
attract good publicity I don't know if
Sanders still has some complaints I
certainly hope he does it is not
something that Amazon just willingly did
it would be came about because workers
organize they work together they spoke
up about their situation I think that's
great I think it's great for these
employees to have $15 an hour but the
truth is we as a people are now waiting
for the crumbs of of corporate America
we're waiting to see what little pieces
they'll dish out to us and that two
billion that he gives to charity is it's
better than nothing but it is a
disgusting scenario in a world that has
abundance a world that could feed
everyone that could house everyone and
we're supposed to celebrate that you
know Jeff Bezos gave what to him is a
couple of dollars to help these people
that are exploited in our system
you
