the US president has congratulated
Vladimir Putin on his victory in the
Russian presidential election sparking
outrage among some politicians and parts
of the media on Twitter Donald Trump
described the media reaction as crazed
and said getting along with Russia is a
good thing
he added that Russia could help in
dealing with many shared problems
Arty's Frank SDF picks up the story
Trump's gone and done it again something
completely normal but it's Trump so what
the hell lay into him he called Putin
and congratulated him despite very clear
instructions not to literally his brief
said do not congratulate in capital
letters according to an anonymous source
not that that bothers anyone these days
do not say congratulations all capital
letters and then the president gets on
the phone with them and says hey
congratulations you shouldn't be
congratulating President Putin for this
sham election but he just did it anyway
they dangerous strongman who was
threatening Western democracy that
requires a strong response so Donald
Trump called him up to say attaboy
Putin's critics and haters bristled with
indignation John McCain's Twitter
account always hypersensitive to all
things Putin blew up boy was McCain teed
off
president Trump insulted every Russian
citizen he was denied the right to vote
in a free and fair election to determine
their country's future probably best not
to show McKay in the margin by which
Putin won he's old and frail but Twitter
oh boy Twitter do not congratulate
actually trended and they came up with
some pretty funny stuff do not stare
into the Sun followed by a picture of
Donald Trump apparently staring into the
Sun not silly and not good for you then
a picture of Mike Pence touching
something that clearly has a do not
touch sign on it funny because he
shouldn't be doing that and this guy has
do not congratulate on his
dona card so if he dies don't
congratulate him get it come to think of
it I've seen funniest stuff but it's
Trump they'll take it and force any
opportunity to bash him even if he does
something normal
that's called protocol and there are
many countries from around the world
that when someone wins if you will an
election that you pick up the phone and
you place that phone call Angela Merkel
and Emmanuel macron also congratulated
Putin many others did too
some got flack for it some didn't it's
nothing personal
nothing to do with like or dislike just
protocol you're going to have to work
together anyway but these days not even
that flies jean-claude juncker president
of the European Commission
he got flack nauseating and shameful
they call it now a few years ago they
call the diplomacy but down with the old
let's all behave like angsty teenagers
and post funny pictures on Twitter
