sri lanka's nature is striking in its
beauty the island has 86 species of
animals and 450 species of birds the
most iconic among them is naturally the
Sri Lankan elephant
for millennia the local populace has
relied on these mighty animals for
construction and other heavy work
despite this Sri Lankan elephants have
never been completely domesticated
elephants do not breed well in captivity
which is why people have to constantly
catch new wild animals to train a very
dangerous activity
according to statistics the average
professional life of an elephant hunter
is less than two years however the
suffering of the animals is just as
great at the start of the 19th century
there were over 30,000 elephants in Sri
Lanka by 2010 there were only around
6,000 left the Sri Lankan authorities
are trying to reverse this alarming
trend this is why 14 percent of the
country's territory is currently
occupied by national parks safaris are
very popular with tourists one can enjoy
the islands rich wildlife in almost any
part of the country one of the most
mysterious places on the island the
ancient rock fortress of sigiriya was
built at up of the lion rock in the 5th
century AD by the order of King Kashyapa
after killing his own father and taking
the throne Kashyapa moved the capital to
the impregnable rock fortress Kashyap
has ruled however was short-lived
his brother mogul Ana the rightful heir
to the throne managed to escape and flee
to India 18 years later he returned with
a large army at his side and destroyed
the seemingly impregnable stronghold to
get to the top of the plateau which used
to house the royal palace one had to
pass through a monumental lion gate
according to the descriptions from
ancient travelers the pediment of the
palace was built of marble and lined
with gemstones
the giant royal throne is well preserved
ancient pilgrims also described a
gallery with frescoes and a mirror wall
polished with the help of a mineral
twelve kilometers away from sigiriya
lies the golden temple of dambulla for
twenty-two centuries the cave temple
complex has been a sacred place for
Buddhist pilgrims from all around the
globe the golden temple of dambulla is a
complex consisting of five large caves
and more than 70 small caves that are
connected to one another through a
series of corridors but the one thing
this place is most famous for is its
unrivaled collection of Buddha statues
in total there are 153 sculptures that
were completed at different times by
different sculptors some of the statues
are over 15 meters high the surface area
of all the frescoes and rock carvings
depicting Buddha's life is 2,300 square
meters this unique gallery of cave art
has cultural and historical significance
not just for the Buddhist religion but
also for the world as a whole
the cave that now houses the temple once
belonged to King Vala gamba who during
his exile from anuradhapura spent over
14 years inside upon restoring his power
as a monarch the king constructed the
first cave temple and as a token of his
gratitude to the monks who had helped
him survive in difficult times gifted
the temple to the Buddhist Order
at the foot of the mountain stands a
modern Buddha statue there is also a
museum where tourists can find out about
the history of the temple complex
