top story this hour the Russian Foreign
Ministry says it considers the poisoning
a former spy circus clip and his
daughter as an act of terror it has just
held a briefing on the case with a
number of ambassadors attending the
event Nadira Tudor has more details the
Foreign Ministry spokesperson said a
number of things firstly he reiterated
that Russia could have in no way
benefitted from the attack Moscow says
they consider this to be a terror attack
secondly they stated that the UK refused
to cooperate with Russia which is
against the Convention on prohibition of
chemical weapons and he mentioned the
attack could have been orchestrated by
another party but then clarified that
Russia is not pinning the blame on
anyone and asked that his words not be
distorted let's take a quick look we see
that the British authorities are
becoming evermore nervous
and it's clear why the clock is ticking
they have backed themselves into a
corner they will eventually have to
provide answers the increasing number of
unanswered questions we expect from
London and from the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons an
official and detailed account of
developments regarding the scruple case
we need comprehensive conclusions and
detailed confirmations a spokesperson
for the defence ministry also spoke out
he said that it seems that Britain is
afraid to conduct an unbiased
investigation into the scribbled case
and that the UK presented no proof that
gas allegedly used to poison skipper was
made in Russia he went on to say that
the formula of the substantive nava
chalk was published by scientists miss
dianna who is working with the US
government the Russian Foreign Ministry
went on to talk specifically about
Britain and said it was and is one of
the states that have been implementing a
program on the development of new
chemical weapons since 1970s he added
that the Porton Down Lab in Britain is
used to conduct in sparing use of
chemical weapons now we did have a
reaction from a London embassy
spokesperson who stated that Moscow
doesn't have to present anything in
terms of scrip or case but is ready for
a joint investigation London has
proposed Russia a dialogue over this
case however it doesn't see a
active approach from Moscow now The
Ambassadors that did not attend were
Britain US and France Britain and the
u.s. Center embassy workers instead
acronym spokesperson reacted to the UK
decision by saying that it showed
unwillingness to hear Russia's answers
to its questions Moscow to date has
denied any involvement in the attempted
murders of Sergey and Yulia script file
the Russian former intelligence office
crippled and his daughter Yulia were
allegedly poisoned in Seoul Surrey both
of them remain in a critical condition
and so this diplomatic spat that has
gone on for a while now looks to
continue to go on for some time
they were dear atutor reporting their
will meanwhile the UK's Foreign
Secretary Boris Johnson has said he
believes that these clip out poisoning
leads back inexorably to the Kremlin
however he went on to say that this case
shouldn't lead to a secession of all
dialogue with Russia adding that London
wasn't trying to start a new Cold War
well I want to be very clear that we do
not wish to engage in a new Cold War and
I deprecated that term I don't want I
remember I remember the old Cold War
okay well let's get the thoughts now of
hands put a drag fun process he's a
former German ambassador to Russia good
evening thank you very much for your
timing coming onto our tea this evening
firstly what's your reaction to what
Boris Johnson just said there he said
that look we don't want a new Cold War
but when you look at the fact that the
UK ambassador perhaps didn't turn up to
the briefing that was held by the
Russian Foreign Ministry today I mean is
that really being achieved I think we
should take Boris Johnson's word at face
value if he says he doesn't want a Cold
War he is probably expression expressing
the general views held also across
Europe and the West and I think that is
applauded with regard to the fact that
the UK US and French ambassador's didn't
go to this briefing that was held today
by the Russian Foreign Ministry are you
surprised by that and what perhaps do
you think they were trying to achieve
it is it is pure speculation if I if I
talk if I try to talk about possible
mode motors and I don't like speculation
okay but as a former ambassador I mean
we if you try to put yourself in their
shoes for the moment obviously something
like that isn't going to go down well
with Russia clearly well I mean we have
we have exchanged words without end I
think what is now and the order of the
day is an international thorough
examination of all accessible and
available facts and I think it is
important and would be also encouraging
if Russia decided to be part of that
international examination it's offered
to do that hasn't it but at the moment
it feels as though it's being frozen out
of any probe it says look can we start
having some answers please from the UK
after all these accusations that are
being held at us very little evidence is
being put forward to substantiate them
well if Moscow is ready to participate
in a constructive way in an
international examination I'm sure
everybody would welcome that it would
also be a general sign that we make
efforts to avoid what Boris Johnson says
the feeling that there is something like
a new Cold War which is absolutely not
desirable in fact it would be a disaster
sure how do you think then that
anglo-russian relations will move on
from here
these relations have a a long history I
happened to have just read the my ski
Diaries the memoirs or the diaries of a
Soviet ambassador during during world
war ii in in london and i in my time as
german basset ER in london i followed
very closely relations between the UK
and in russia it is it is so easy and
probably almost natural to get very
excited when something so terrible like
in Salisbury happens but I think beyond
understandable and unavoidable and
probably also necessary harsh reactions
now is the time to sit down and go
through the facts which are available
study them thoroughly and professionally
and then come to conclusion I need I
would like to remind you that Germany
and Russia after the fall of the Berlin
Wall have long and quite encouraging
record of cooperations in dealing with
the problem of chemical weapons we
provided technical know-how and also
considerable amounts of money to help
Russia to get rid of its large stocks of
chemical weapons and I think that is
quite as successful and almost untold
story of cooperation to improve security
on our continent ok hands Roderick van
Platz former German ambassador to Russia
thank you
