the u.s. is seeking to compete with
Chinese influence in the developing
world and it looks like Washington is
already attacking Beijing on several
fronts
first there's America's trade war with
China and now Vice President Mike Pence
is accusing Beijing of trying to remove
Trump from the White House and China has
responded strongly accusing Washington
of interfering in other country's
affairs
China has initiated an unprecedented
effort to influence American public
opinion the 2018 elections and the
environment leading into the 2020
presidential elections China wants a
different American president it is
ridiculous for the u.s. site to
stigmatize its normal exchanges in
cooperation with China as China
interfering in its internal affairs and
elections the international community
already knows full well who wanton Li
infringes upon others sovereignty
interferes and others internal affairs
and undermines others interests after
Trump brought in a first wave of tariffs
on Chinese goods Beijing answered with
restrictions on US imports it also filed
an official complaint with the World
Trade Organization Washington then
followed up with more than two hundred
billion dollars worth of tariffs against
China who retaliated by imposing 60
billion in levies also China has
announced it's stopping all American oil
imports one of the country's top crude
carriers says business has quote totally
stopped Beijing had been the second
largest importer of US oil
Jeffrey Albert Tucker from the American
Institute for Economic Research thinks
that China may have the upper hand in
this trade war the u.s. is definitely
going to lose because if you look at
what's happening in China right now
they're actually lowering tariffs on
many goods for from imports from other
countries besides the u.s. like actually
lowering tariffs it's actually a good
thing for Chinese consumers and and it's
it's great they helped the Chinese
economy and China is seeking to become
independent and in terms of its fuel
needs from the US going forward this is
a presumption widely shared all over
China and and they're definitely going
to achieve it because the US
does not have a monopoly on oil exports
so they're gonna get away with it
and it's actually in the end really
going to hurt us exporters
you
