the hashtag delete Facebook has been
trending on social media after it was
revealed that the tech giant failed to
protect the data of millions of users
from being used for political purposes
the scandal involves a data gathering
firm called Cambridge analytic ah
it worked with multiple US presidential
campaigns including Donald Trump's and
reportedly harvested the details of as
many as 50 million Facebook profiles for
its operations the company is now under
investigation and has even suspended as
chief executive artis haneish assessee
has this story
political campaigns have changed they're
no longer about running the most TV
spots or spending the most money they're
about who spends the smartest money
finally a political communications
company that really knows how to pitch
and they're named Cambridge analytic Oh
has prestigious and academic
connotations too again very convincing
smart money must mean smart ideas right
we had a unique extra layer of data
about personality decision-making and
motivation this creates an unparalleled
rich and detailed view of voters and the
issues they care about so you know
exactly who to target with exactly what
type of message Cambridge analysts claim
they can do all this with a mix of data
analysis and strategic communication
their client list is one to boast about
Trump Cruz Carson the list goes on still
impressed so far but how exactly do
Cambridge analytical target voters a
company now accused of using the private
data of tens of millions of Facebook
users to directly target potential
American voters Facebook is under
growing pressure to explain how it will
protect Americans personal information
from people wanting to exploit it for
electoral gain data analytics firm that
harvested information from millions of
Americans without their permission
tricked by tens and conditions Wow
suddenly data collation doesn't seem so
impressive especially when you end up in
a legal feud with social media giants
and it turns out Cambridge analytic I
have a lots more skeletons in their
closets according to Britain's channel 4
news in their undercover investigation
they pose as potential clients interest
did in the outcome of the sri lankan
elections last month they found
cambridge analytic has secretly works to
influence over 200 elections worldwide
and their tactics weren't so
squeaky-clean the two fundamental human
drivers when it comes to taking
information on board effectively are
hopes and fears and many of those are
unspoken and even unconscious
it's no good fighting an election
campaign on the facts because actually
it's all about emotion but that's not
what Cambridge analytical publicly admit
of course publicly they say that
advertising is not coercive they'd also
tell you they never use any dirty
tactics bars
you mentioned intelligence gathering as
well as part of the mix didn't you yes
we have relationships and partnerships
with specialist organizations that do
that kind of work you know who the
opposition is you know their secrets you
know their tactics since some girls
around to the candidates house we have
lots of history of such things with
years of practice Cambridge analytic
have become real pros at getting the
results they want if we are working and
then we can set up fake IDs and websites
we can go in as students doing research
projects attached to a university who
can be tourists there are so many
options we can look at I've had lots of
experience in this at Cambridge
analytical we are creating the future of
political campaigning
so it's a story with twists and turns
election meddling swaying the minds of
voters using dirty tricks but something
is missing oh and the narrative that
Russia must be behind it all
now there's an impressive result and
Donald Trump's campaign was not the
first to use Facebook's data gathering
for political purposes a former official
on Barack Obama's campaign revealed how
in 2012 they obtained much more personal
information than their Republican rivals
Carol Davidson added it was all thanks
to loopholes in Facebook's privacy terms
at the time Facebook 2012 election we
got people to opt-in and the privacy
policies at that time on Facebook were
that if they opted in they could tell us
who all their friends were where this
gets complicated is that freaks Facebook
out right so they shut off the feature
so the data is out there you can't take
it back right so the Democrats have this
information
