we've become very good friends over a
fairly short period of time I was in
Saudi Arabia in May and we are bringing
back hundreds of billions of dollars
into the United States and we understand
that and do they understand that some of
the things that have been approved and
are currently under construction and
will be delivered to Saudi Arabia very
soon and that's for their protection but
if you look in terms of dollars three
billion dollars five hundred and thirty
three million dollars five hundred and
twenty five million dollars that's
peanuts for you increase some of the
things that we're now working on Thanks
and that have been ordered and will
shortly be started in construction and
delivered that system thirteen billion
dollars a c-130 Helen para plans the
Hercules great plane three point eight
billion dollars the Bradley vehicles
it's the tanks one point two billion
dollars and the p8 Poseidon's one point
four billion dollars and what it does is
it really means many many jobs we're
talking about over forty thousand jobs
we really have a great friendship a
great relationship I would really have
to say the relationship was to put it
mildly very very strained during the
Obama administration and the
relationship now is probably as good as
it really ever been also defense we're
talking about defense and we're working
very hard with Saudi Arabia and they're
also putting a big part of the bill for
defense the whole Middle East and we
know what's happened in the Middle East
and it has not been a pretty picture
for the United States or for anybody
you
