uk-based firm Cambridge analytical has
suspended its CEO following a scandal
about its alleged misuse of facebook
data alexander nicks is being
investigated in the UK of comments he
made to undercover journalists and in
the US Attorney General's in New York
and Massachusetts have launched their
joint investigation into Cambridge
analytical okay so an interesting story
for us to discuss let's do just that now
bringing a couple of guests and joined
by Richard Goodstein now he's a former
adviser to both the Bill Clinton and
Hillary Clinton presidential campaigns
and also a political consultant also a
regular on RT lionel legal and media
analyst gentlemen great to have you both
on richard first to you we've heard the
allegations against cambridge analytical
how serious do you think they are well
looks like it's undisputed that they did
things that either were clearly against
the law campaign finance laws the
involvement of foreigners and US
election campaigns let alone kind of the
moral approach of basically pretending
to be something that they weren't so
they either clearly went over the line
or they they went right up to it and I
think that's what investigators were
these state attorneys general I'm sure
Congress will look into it
whether this Justice Department looks
into it because Donald Trump was the
beneficiary and it's his campaign that
they worked with I wouldn't exactly hold
my breath on that happening I should say
that came but I think what they engaged
in was improper yeah they've denied K me
general attea denied any wrongdoing of
course Lionel lawyers what's your take
on this where does the company stand did
they exploit loopholes did they bend the
laws did they cleverly navigate them or
did they break them the entire point is
being missed here it's not Cambridge
analytical it's the fact that Facebook
is a tool a proxy if you will of the
government it's a surveillance unit it
was it was conceived through DARPA
through seed money think this this fame
oh do you think they use the information
against their are you kidding me
Facebook Apple everything that we do is
basically sucking up every bit of
information that we have where has the
world been you're living in an in-app an
optic on and when Barack Obama was the
beneficiary of Facebook data albeit not
called and gleaned by these characters
like especially don't forget Alexander
Cogan Russian American you say that and
that immediately turns it's the dog
whistle we're missing the point
this is about a surveillance world that
we live in that's being utilized by
everybody constantly this means nothing
Cambridge analytical is not the issue
it's the idea that we live in a
surveillance state and that Mark
Zuckerberg this this Potemkin villages
cardboard cutout this pretend leader of
Facebook he's nowhere to be found
because he's sitting there basically
saying look you guys had me just pretend
to be the leader of this they I don't
know what's going on here because
Facebook Google you name it it's not a
social media platform it's a
surveillance tool of the government
Lionel I understand you don't think that
Cambridge analytic who is this story and
you made a very good point I suspect it
is going to be a story in a very very
big one but Richard what I wanna ask you
is does this kind of change this the way
we perceive the story of Russian
meddling because the story is that the
Russians interfered and they were the
reason that Donald Trump became
president actually it may have actually
just been a company that was harvesting
Facebook data and usually using it
cleverly right so let's take Cambridge
analytic out of this discussion to
answer your question the US intelligence
community unanimously concluded both in
the last administration and the current
one that the Russians did metal that
that the Russians working with WikiLeaks
dropped the John Podesta emails to the
detriment of Hillary Clinton that
Russians targeted individual swing
voters
in swing states Michigan Wisconsin
Pennsylvania Ohio North Carolina others
that I think is actually not disputed
and if the question is well how do we
know it influenced the election at all I
would point to one illustration I would
point to one illustration we know for a
fact that there was a man in North
Carolina who read a Facebook post that
was planted by Russian BOTS to the
effect that that Hillary Clinton and
John Podesta were running a child sex
slavery ring out of a pizza shop in
Washington DC and he went with his rifle
from North Carolina to Washington DC to
shoot people who were responsible for
that now if you could get somebody to do
that you think you might actually get
somebody to switch their vote I think so
okay I've got to bring Lionel in here
because Richard says that you know it
was Russian interference that swung the
election what about the 50 million
Facebook accounts whose information has
now been tapped does that play a part I
don't even know where to start you're
bringing this stuff up again this thing
was brought this whole story this yarn
was devised by the Democratic Party in
Hillary Clinton to explain how she lost
a rigged election and all of a sudden
the story was whom can we get to explain
this the Russians and you honestly are
still repeating this trope this meme
this idea that somehow 14 intelligence
agencies concluded there was medley and
as of today as we sit here right now
there has not been one person one piece
of evidence one witness to say how votes
were stolen how numbers were were were
exchanged nothing the only evidence was
that these nefarious Russians using
Facebook mind you and by the way Twitter
who begged RT for an advertising
schedule but I digress that day sowed
discord by virtually providing
information and
adds that other Americans provided there
is nothing I cannot believe that this
gentleman is still repeating this same
fantasy that Hillary Clinton is still
doing are you ever going to move on from
that are you ever going to realize you
lost and it's over and this Russian
fantasy this this story this yarn
there's nothing there anymore
the issue is that this was a story that
deals with a thing called Facebook and
what we're going to be looking at in
addition is beyond Cambridge analytical
but what is Facebook who are they what
are these things these devices that we
have that's perhaps for another show but
I cannot believe you get a word in
edgewise Lionel listen my guess is then
what Robert Moeller the special
prosecutor issues he reports as long as
you just spent disparaging the US
intelligence community you will in the
same mellifluous tones disparage robert
muller and you know what he will present
a case in black and white about what the
Russians did or did not do and my guess
is again people who were clear thinking
will believe it and people who have a
bias going in will dismiss it and say ah
what would you expect is propaganda and
you know I guess that's why there's
chocolate in vanilla I tend to think I'm
in the category of people that's
actually open to facts and I have a
hunch that what Moe's going to present
is something Lionel you may take issue
with but I think most people will
actually think he's on a pretty thorough
job and what he will show we we have
these 13 Russia's have already been
indicted for four we've had the 13 what
having these fake rallies for fake
rallies and for basically pitting blacks
against whites Muslims against
Christians you may think that's okay
most Americans come on please
the reason why he came up with these 13
Russian BOTS on a Friday was because
they have
I couldn't explain why while this
shooter in Florida who had been
basically they warned everybody
including the FBI hey you better come
and do something about this
the FBI didn't do it because they were
too busy looking for Russians so what
did he do
miraculously this just this this this
indictment comes up naming people that
nobody's ever going to to arrest or
extradite look we started off talking
about Cambridge analytical in this
particular case and I can't believe how
you are so hardwired in this patellar
obeisance repeating this you're you're
like spring loaded when everybody
whenever anybody asks anything you keep
saying the same thing you said it a year
and a half ago look it's over with
Hillary Clinton is never gonna be the
president she lost this get over it go
to a grief counselor see counseling
medication I don't know what we're not
talking about that anymore and when are
you going to get I feel grief or hurry
up guys guys can I just insert a few but
I've got some bad news I've got some
good news that the bad news is we've
kind of run out of time the good news is
though I want this to continue so what
we're gonna do is going to just go say
goodbye to our viewers and then we're
gonna carry this on off there and we'll
bring them the highlights later on so
I'll speak to you guys in a moment for
now thanks very much Richard Goodstein
former adviser to the earlier Bill
Clinton and Hillary Clinton presidential
campaigns and Lionel legal and media
analyst will speak to you very shortly
