the US Congress has approved the
creation of a sixty billion dollar
investment agency to fund projects in
developing countries it all sounds nice
and charitable but this certainly has
led some to question what President
Donald Trump's top priority is is it to
make America great again or perhaps is
it to challenge China Calif Maupin
explains remember Donald Trump's plan to
put America first I will always put
America first America first
America first rebuilding restore
America's depleted infrastructure I've
been in construction and building all my
life I love it I love this smell of a
construction site right the roads
railways power plants and water systems
of the United States are still in some
pretty poor conditions but Donald Trump
said that fixing it up would be a breeze
infrastructure is the easiest of all but
now the Department of Transport
disagrees with him there appears to be a
lack of consensus and how to pay for
this and Trump told us how he was gonna
pay for rebuilding the United States he
was gonna do it by cutting overseas
spending we have spent seven trillion
dollars in the Middle East seven
trillion dollars what a mistake we're
trying to build roads and bridges and
fix bridges that are falling down and we
have a hard time getting the money it's
crazy and the USA is already saving
money this way they've just cut aid to
the Pakistanis to the Palestinians and
to the United Nations so are you ready
to start revving up those drills and
jackhammers are you ready to start
pouring some cement and laying rails
well yes but not in the USA the USA is
about to spend sixty billion dollars to
build infrastructure in developing
countries 60 billions that numbers sound
familiar well it should that's the
amount of money China promised to Africa
last month and it's pretty clear that US
politicians heard about it this
investment will allow us to reduce
poverty in areas that are critical to
our national security
compete with Chinese influence in the
developing world so if you were all
excited about railways and highway
in development here at home wait a
minute looks like America is not going
to be first after all it's a very
strange situation to be talking about
funding sixty billion dollars in
infrastructure development in the third
world which certainly needs it
while not funding the disastrous
infrastructure in the US which is as bad
as in the third world I don't see it
going anywhere frankly because I think
when this comes out and Americans see it
happening they're going to freak out
because our roads are as bad as
third-world roads why it didn't happen
was because the Trump had other things
he wanted to do more which was to give
tax breaks to the rich and to fund a
huge huge increase in the military
budget
you
