the UK is seeking a warrant to search
the server's of Cambridge analytical
accused of helping Donald Trump to win
the presidency the data of some 50
million Facebook users was allegedly
used to predict the choices of American
voters Facebook claims it's information
that was used illegally in what some are
already calling the largest data leak in
the social media Giants history think
that the last personality quiz you
completed on Facebook what if I told you
that's data was allegedly sold to help
Trump win the presidential election it
may seem a bit far-fetched but that's
exactly why UK data analytics company is
in trouble with Facebook in 2015
we learnt that a psychology professor at
the University of Cambridge named dr.
Alexander Cogan lied to us and violated
our platform policies by passing data
from an app that was using facebook
login to SEL Cambridge analytic are a
firm that does political government and
military work around the globe Facebook
is now under scrutiny trying to explain
how the data of 50 million of its users
was harvested by a Trump linked
analytics company and what appears to be
the largest data leak in the social
networks history did anyone say the
Russians have you ever worked in Russia
or on behalf of Russian companies or
organizations we've never worked in
Russia as far as I'm aware we've never
worked for a Russian company we've never
worked with a Russian organization in
Russia or any other country no in fact
one Cambridge University professor it
created a facebook personality app and
then simply passed all the info acquired
from its users to the third party the
third party is the Cambridge and Eliska
company which many in the media suspect
played at least a part in Trump success
once Facebook realized it violated their
Terms they wanted all the data to be
destroyed it's led both companies to a
data feud which of course has the
potential to become a lengthy legal
battle but according to NSA
whistleblower Edward Snowden Facebook is
really a surveillance company in sheep's
clothing businesses that make money by
collecting and selling detailed records
of private lives
but once plainly described a survey
companies they're rebranding as social
media is the most successful deception
since the Department of War became the
Department of Defense according to
Twitter more and more users seem to be
clued up on date attempts and conditions
found on social media platforms for the
love of God everyone talking about
Facebook can bridge before you come and
please learn how targeting works and
that it's commonplace
it looks like data might have been
leaked but it looks a billion times
worse if you don't understand how data
targeting works I don't know about
everyone else but the people I know
don't blindly trust Facebook with
information their data was leaked and
used against the whole nation if they
continue to refuse to protect the data
their time is limited if I understood
this correctly Facebook has access to
loads of personal data gives third
parties access to this data and when
this data is abused the major problem is
that these facts were leaked shooting
the messenger does not solve the problem
so it should be no surprise to learn
that when you next complete a quiz or
Pollin Facebook there might be an
ulterior motive behind it
