with all the ballots now counted in
Russia's presidential election Vladimir
Putin is winning by a large margin
getting over 76 percent of the vote
it means the 65 year old will tell you
the country's top job for another six
years in terms of voters that means more
than fifty six million people cast their
ballots for him leaving all his rivals
far behind this will be his fourth
presidential term in this year's race
for the Kremlin Vladimir Putin managed
to secure the largest chunk he's ever
managed to take in an election here we
can see his track record in his
presidential bids over the years but the
election wasn't just about the numbers
are a few lighter moments as well that
colored the day on Sunday let's have a
quick look at some of those
now if you're watching us about 18 hours
ago or so is polling drew to a close
you'll know that a lot of our
correspondents have been out and about
across Moscow at the various candidates
headquarters dotted around the Russian
capital we've allowed them a few hours
sleep before catching up with them again
so that they can work again but I guess
Kiev was covering up the D Mir Putin's
campaign throughout the day we talked
him a little bit earlier about how it
all went well it was a very busy bee he
first appeared to has his tradition to
cast this ballot smiles for the cameras
thumbs up and then he disappeared for a
while to do whatever it is that
presidents do but he we resurfaced some
hours later when the first exit polls
came out and when if it became apparent
that he was well ahead of the
competition he showed up just a few
hundred meters from here on Manezhnaya
square that concert there's luck would
have it the concert dedicated to the
reunification of Crimea and Russia four
years ago where he took the opportunity
to thank people who voted them his
supporters and Russians urging unity and
you obviously there in in the midst of
it all what stood out most other
direction again a few hundred meters but
it was cheery there that wasn't a lot of
apprehension they you know they they
they knew that they would have favorites
and all of this we waited for Vladimir
Putin eventually he showed up he talked
to everyone there all of his supporters
again all the people at meters campaign
happened his campaign chief supporters
ever announced and then he came Kimi
talked to us the journalists and there
were some tough questions right off the
bat about Putin we've attempted
assassination of the rogue Russian agent
in in Britain and he was his response
mr. pre-washed the first thing that
comes to mind is that if it was a
military-grade poison then people would
of course have died on the spot Russia
has no such substances we destroyed all
our chemical weapons as monitored by
international inspectors I think anyone
with common sense
understand that it is nonsense for
Russia to do such things before the
presidential election and football World
Cup viously there were cheers you know
people couldn't believe first they
expected the numbers to go down as the
votes were counted but as they went up
and up they're very happy the champagne
came out and you know there's a lot of
clapping shoulders and high fives
see you smiling then he said the
champagne was coming out of course he
kept a professional distance from the
obvious ly as you said it was asked many
many questions and this is going to be
his fourth term was he asked about plans
ahead ahead of that are beyond that
there's a lot of questions about you
know all sorts of aspects of what he was
going to do in the future but one of
them was whether he would attempt to
change the Constitution to perhaps run
again if I keep the moment I'm not
planning any constitutional changes do
you think you will be in the
presidential seat until 2030 of course
if you change the Constitution I think
what you're saying is laughable I'm not
going to stay there until I turn a
hundred the election comes amid
increased tensions with the West and
there's been some official reaction
coming in from Europe the German
president congratulated at Vladimir
Putin on re-election but there's also
been some harsh statements over the
script while poisoning case our
correspondent in Berlin Pete Oliver has
the details
we have had some reaction from the
German government it's been delivered by
the new foreign minister Heiko Maas as
he arrived in Brussels for a meeting of
EU foreign ministers forgiveness divided
in woodlands a result of the election in
Russia was as unsurprising to us as the
circumstances of the election Russia
will remain a difficult partner but
Russia will also be needed for solutions
to the big international conflict and so
we want to remain in dialogue we've also
been seeing more and more reaction in
the media here in Germany if we have a
look at what s RF had to say they said
that the the win for Vladimir Putin not
as splendid as it may well have been
they go on
say that the majority of media in Russia
was for the president that the majority
of the state apparatus was for the
president and that they would have
expected this to mr. Putin would have
taken a larger proportion of the vote
than it seems that he already has here
in the capital the Berliner Zeitung has
said while it's been looking towards the
relationship between Germany and Russia
and it's not a positive one if you take
their and their reading from this they
say that the relationship could and
while is frosty and could continue to be
more and more frosty but if we go back
to Saturday the main tabloid the most
read tabloid newspaper Bild here in
Germany they ran their congratulations
to Vladimir Putin in a barbed way on
Saturday before a vote had even been
cast and they also said that the skinny
people poisoning the attempted murder of
that spare former spy Sergei script pile
and his daughter Yulia had actually got
people out to the polls to vote the
whole diplomatic Ferrari surrounding the
script I'll case is continuing at the
moment in fact we heard some reaction
from the British Foreign Secretary Boris
Johnson beep Russian denials grow
increasingly absurd this is a classic
Russian strategy of trying to conceal
the needle of truth in a haystack of
lies and obfuscation Boris Johnson there
the British Foreign Secretary now he's
in Brussels to try and draw up more and
more support for the British side in
this diplomatic spat with Russia however
he might not get the type of support he
would want we heard as well from heiko
mass the new German foreign minister as
he arrived in there he was asked what he
thought on the spy situation and the
sort of the poisoning incident and he
said that it was a bilateral problem
between a bilateral issue between
Britain and Russia so they may know may
not be the EU wide support that mr.
Johnson may be expecting going into that
meeting
Peter Oliver in Europe they're well over
in the u.s. senior politicians there
have already blasted Medina Putin over
the election Republican Senator John
McCain a longtime fierce critic of the
Russian president accused him of trying
to artificially inflate the voter
turnout meanwhile top Democratic
congressman Adam Schiff attacked Putin
for supposedly eliminating opponents has
also been reaction from NSA
whistleblower Edward Snowden currently
living in exile in Russia who drew
attention to alleged cases of voter
fraud meanwhile it's been reported that
98 percent of registered voters are
broadcast their ballots in this election
some of them outside the consulate in
New York though passed the time by
singing the Russian classic Katusha
join n if you know the words the voters
keeping up their spirits in the cold by
cheerfully singing along while waiting
in line and chilly Manhattan spring
editor-in-chief of Russia's independent
online Slover newspaper joins us here in
the studio welcome to the studio now
what's your opinion on the Western
coverage over this election well so far
I've seen pretty much reserved coverage
there not particularly happy but they're
not either neither they are particularly
hostile to what was what was just
happening in in Russia these days so I
think pretty much considering the the
general picture of scandal the scandal
in in Western media for the most part I
think what we have today is much much
nicer I mean it has been quite quiet in
Europe in terms of reaction but the US
has added a little bit of a different
approach to this the politicians John
McCain another in shifts they've
immediately attacked Vladimir Putin over
what they see is unfair election why do
you think they've come out and said that
what would you expect from McCain you
know I think artificially inflating you
said they turn out I wish she did the
same for for when the Trump was elected
the couple years ago why didn't we
wouldn't object certainly to that so I
think nobody really expected this much
in terms of turnout in Russia because
there were certain you know those doubts
about it but what what happened was
really I think a reaction to the Russian
voter to the havoc and turmoil in in in
the West and what about the poisoning
case of Sergei scrapple and his daughter
in the news it's talked about a lot the
politicians talk about it a lot was it
enough do you think to sway voters at
home and abroad I think that since the
voters the Russian voters were not
presented with the beef in that case
where it's a hard evidence and a lot of
talk a lot of hostility but nothing
nothing too specific
nothing concrete too
to show that to the voters so basically
the people reacted there's a plague on
both your houses so to speak see in
terms of the turnout it was predicted at
home and abroad that it might be
slightly lower that didn't turn out to
be the case what do you think brought
voters out yesterday I think the very
various candidates that we have you know
claimants to the presidency
I think they the number of them eight
people and they certainly worked to
provide a candidate for of every section
of this up within the society and that
was I think particularly helpful in
providing the the outcome as we saw it
and as far as the you know general
reaction to the Russian to the that's
poisoning a conflict is concerned I
think the West always wants to the
Russia to be like like them like the
West and that puts me in mind of an old
verse by an American poet 19th century
poet for know who wrote can we never be
thought to have learning or grace unless
it be brought from that dimmable place
namely England he said well whatever
they think abroad they've got another
six years of working with mr. Putin in
the building wrote back I do benthic
delete from these Slovo newspaper thanks
very much for joining us Red Square
this year the vast majority of polling
stations were equipped with web cameras
streaming everything that happened and
that meant that anyone could be an
observer without even leaving the
comfort of the room and just log on and
watch it was first introduced during the
2012 presidential election but it was
expanded this time round and it's earned
its money as well because it's helped
expose a number of electoral fraud cases
this year
this year's presidential election was
being monitored by a record number of
foreign observers over 1500 had
registered before the vote among people
from France Poland and the UK with their
overall assessment being mainly positive
they say that they didn't see any
violation maybe I was too short time
there but I don't I don't think that any
violations were visible for us we wanted
to see how it works we were we are
particularly interested very much in the
transmission line which is I see here a
very high level we we are obliged in
Poland to introduce the assistance wish
that also in Germany we would have the
opportunity to elect our president by
direct elections our group consists of
eight different members of German
parliament I want to congratulate mr.
Putin and I hope that we can improve the
German Russian relations after this
elections it would be really important
for us because also the Germans are
suffer because of sanctions my overall
impression was quite positives there was
no no systemic no fraud or something
like this
and we were welcomed as election
observers in every polling station so
what I can say from my observations this
was positive this was a general mood
among the other election observers here
in Moscow
so procedure yesterday was all in all
better than the average of general
election observations of our city
juicing oh yeah I was going to say you
every render at the hipsterish place
at the votes disappointed the Communist
Party its candidate wealthy businessman
Pavel Bure Dean and got less than 12
percent the result the worst in the
party's recent history that seems to
have affected GRU Dean in talks with
communist party leader Gennady Zyuganov
who ran several times in previous
presidential elections I'm watching the
election the biggest intrigue was not
about who won but rather about how many
votes the Communist Party candidate
valerian
would secure in a pre-election interview
he pledged to shave off his moustache if
he got less than 15 percent in the polls
going to let the matter drop either he
posted this hint on his Instagram
account and with him getting only 12%
many will be watching to see if he keeps
his words so we took the liberty to show
you what he might look like if he does
now this was also the first presidential
election for the only woman in the race
Ksenia Sobchak who've titled herself as
the candidate against everyone the
reality TV show starter and politician
came forth with 1.7 percent of the vote
teasingly petrenko was at her campaign
headquarters when the results began to
roll in and he joins us live now you had
a very last night yeah that's true well
I guess I'm still a bit jealous with you
guys I understand it was cold for you
but you got quite a workspace although I
can tell you that it was worth checking
out Senya sobs tax HQ it was inside a
trendy loft the staff there they look
very young I mean that was quite
impressive to the 36 year old liberal
opposition candidate who during her
campaign focused on things like wiping
out corruption in this country and also
helping those she calls political
prisoners she will get credit for
spending some decent time with her
supporters and all kinds of journalists
at the headquarters and I can tell you
that she showed up there twice the first
time when she got it and that was just a
few minutes after the last polling
station closing Russia and you could see
it on her face there was really not much
to celebrate and at that time he's 9pn
just a few minutes past 9:00 p.m. Moscow
time it was already clear that she was
going to come forth but with under two
percent regardless of that city
subchapter was still confident and she
kept portraying herself during the night
as the new prominent opposition
candidate and perhaps that explains the
heat and the debate she had with Alexei
Navalny who was one of the fiercest
critics of Vladimir Putin in this
country although as we remember he
hadn't been allowed to take part in the
election under a law that bans people
who have been charged criminally from
running
president opposite presence we don't
walk so a pilot on a Bailey if certainly
yes the dignity that president they mean
means private results the new Moses
which disobey talk to does not when you
might store we've got seem stupid press
Tahiti opposite say email go to the
tourists again just when that profile
you see Roberto bolaño going to place my
city without the floor not certain
approach so that was quite tough for
Chinese subshock but let's just go back
to the numbers I guess everyone would
assume if you ask any politician around
the world who's a presidential candidate
whether he or she would be happy with
that kind of result just a bit more than
one-and-a-half percent perhaps the
answer would be no but in an exclusive
interview I finally managed to have with
senior subtract at about 1:20 a.m.
Moscow time yeah that was quite late or
early so to say she told me she doesn't
see it that way and she is still trying
to look for positive things from her
performance
of course it's not the result I would
dream about but my campaign was not
about result my campaign was about
talking truth on the propagandistic
channels of federal TV in Russia
education is the most important value of
my program education of Russian people
of telling them truth about the
situation they live in trying to make
them understand the connection between
their level of life and corruption that
is there in the country after the
debates with Alexei Navalny are you
confident in that kind of future for a
so-called united opposition bloc I'm
very disappointed by the discussion
because I came there to discuss our
future six years with Putin and how we
will fight with me but instead we were
discussing heavy in my Instagram which
is ridiculous to my way what is your
maybe projective or a few adjectives
that you can use or some other words to
describe this it's a success of freedom
of speech and this is our most important
success during this campaign was the
vote itself clean we should be realistic
about this huge amount of support of
putting this result well maybe it would
be not 75% but 68 or whatever but still
we should admit that the majority people
now really want this president very
disappointing results as you've
mentioned what about her future here I
don't know what she's gonna do to that
career on TV but by the looks of it will
definitely hear about her when it comes
to Russian politics in the near future
she's starting a new party with former
MP Dmitry good coffee and it looks like
when it comes to regional elections in
the next few years and also the Federal
Duma elections in three years time these
are going to be her main goals the
things that she will be looking at
together with mitri good coffee next
okay yeah thanks very much for joining
us here and I'm sure you'll keep a watch
on what she's gonna do next
it's definitely a lesson in political
ambition from Ksenia Sobchak apple right
Helia thanks very much for that right
that's it from us for this hour still
plenty more to come as the reaction
rolls in from across Russia and around
the world from Nadira Tudor myself Colin
Bray at artis election HQ in Red Square
that's all for now we'll see you next
hour
