hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the idea of freedom of speech is under
threat speaking your mind can land you
into serious trouble now you are
presumed guilty and must prove your
innocence the herd rules and the
sovereign individual is cowed into
silence speech has been redefined as
virtue signaling
Krauss fucking political correctness I'm
joined by my guests then you'll own avec
in Austin he's a professor of philosophy
at the University of Texas as well as a
contributor at Newsmax in New York we
have Rob Taub he is a political pundit
and journalist contributing to the
Huffington Post and we have Gavin
McGinnis he is host of get off my lawn
on see our tv.com
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate it
Gavin I'm not on your lawn so you don't
have to ask me to get off it
we're in the wake almost in the wake of
this whole kavanah spectacle the it
really a disgusting spectacle for the US
Senate and for the media I would say
here but we learned again through this
whole saga you have to be careful what
you say you have to filter yourself
about what you say and I'm referencing
here of course the me to movement things
have only gotten worse they're not
getting any better Gavin in New York go
ahead well it was a trap it was a an
allegation that went out there and they
were testing the Republicans to see if
any of us would say she's a liar I don't
believe it she's a slut blah blah blah
and we didn't take the bait we carefully
said let's hear her out
we have due process here we started with
the Magna Carta and we took it very
slowly because they were dying for us to
slip up and disparage this woman okay
Rob I mean has the left acquitted itself
very well in all of this I mean here's
this young woman yelling and screaming
at Senator flake and then it comes out
that she's really highly paid operative
to go into elevators and scream at the
top of her lungs with the cameras
already there I mean what kind of I mean
I understand it's politics but at the
same time you know it there's no virtue
in that kind of thing here I mean there
is an advise and consent process here
and that's exactly what the Senate was
trying to do go ahead Rob well that one
woman is not represented there the whole
very erratic party very few for anybody
else fair that they've set with Brett
Kavanaugh and there are bad actors on
both sides
the worst probably being our president
who started out with some decorum last
week and said she seems very credible
and then acted himself like a 17 year
old frat boy the other night he just
couldn't keep his mouth shut and I think
he sets the tone for the whole country
and we all begin yelling at each other
from both sides look I'm not pleased
with cory booker either i think of you
if you cut his head open and saw what
was inside it would just say me in giant
letters with exclamation points after it
and well certainly doesn't won't have
Spartacus in there Daniel the lonely
conservative and egg Vizier of next year
I mean you know I mean it seems to me
that this whole university culture of
political correctness is now invaded
Society in general here don't question
nod your head and Rob is absolutely
right the woman screaming at Senator
flake and the elevator is doesn't
represent all women but at the same time
Kavanagh does not represent all men
everyone has the right to due process
and I think that's what's missing right
here
go ahead Daniel await your Fiat feelings
about this well I think that's
absolutely right I've been shocked at
the number of people on both sides who
are willing to leap to conclusions
before they've actually seen any
evidence I was in a position for ten
years when I actually had to investigate
certain sexual misconduct claims at the
University and you can't start out with
an assumption that one person or the
other is telling the truth and the
others line you have to see how it goes
you have to wait and and take time I
think there was reason to be suspicious
here in that Dianne Feinstein held this
for weeks until finally coming out after
the hearings initially were over I think
that was something that would reasonably
make one think something was being
hidden but otherwise I think you just
have to wait for investigations you have
to wait in here testimony you have to
weigh different accounts at different
times to see whether there are
discrepancies or whether people are
telling you exactly the same story you
have to hear from other witnesses and
that process
as bizarre as it has been at certain
points has actually now taken place so I
think it would have been wise on both
sides for people to simply wait I
thought the hearings shed a lot more
heat than light and breezy absolute most
part senators disgraced themselves yes I
and and really damaged the process let's
think about what kind of precedent has
been started here Kevin you know you
know blaming both sides I don't I don't
at all III think the left has been
disgraceful and about this moving the
goalposts every single moment they lose
on one thing they move it in the
goalposts again and they keep doing it
it's you know the FBI's concluded its
investigation apparently but I don't
think it's over yet because is the
goalpost has to be moved again go ahead
Gavin in New York yeah I'm not buying
this sort of there's bad guys on both
sides and there's good guys on both
there's bad guys on the left the left
plays dirty pool they use children all
the time they're the ones doing the hate
crime hoaxes every time you hear about a
fake me to thing trivializing real rape
it's a liberal it's an activist and
they've been doing this from her
remember that Muhammad clock nice clock
Mohammed bring it to the White House no
Achmed was his name sorry Achmed and
that was some little kid used as a pawn
to sort of pretend that Islamophobia was
a major problem at his school they're
always using children and women and
hoaxes always playing dirty pool and
then they just sweep it under the rug
and they're on to the next crime like
Kavanagh is already over they don't care
they're unflappable though beyond as
some other fake P tape or some other
ridiculous fraud and they just keep
doing it in an effort to prevent Trump
from getting reelected and the irony is
it's this kind of dirty pool that is
going to get him reelected yeah yep I
tend to agree the more the media
demonize them him it keeps them in the
media here Rob I said in my introduction
that you know freedom of speech is being
replaced with virtue signaling I mean it
seems the the left and it can't win on
the merits it can't win the
argument then it goes asymmetrical and
it's doing it with greater frequency and
and the weaponization of the meat team
of me to movement has only made it worse
okay you're a good liberal friend of
mine so I'm not saying that's you but it
is this is a phenomenon that I think is
prevalent on the Left go ahead rob oh
it's just a new terrain and a new
territory for everybody involved you
know I wonder what would have happened
if ten years ago or five years ago we
said we would be investigating charges
against somebody when they were 17 years
old yeah I happen to not like Brett
Brett Kavanaugh I don't like his whole
tenor and and his his manner and the way
he handled himself in the Senate and if
we wanted to solve this maybe Donald
Trump could have found a better
candidate or the Republicans could have
let us have Merrick garland when when we
we wanted to nominate him in the first
place but be that as it may and we're
just seeing a whole new world out there
right now and it is kind of odd we're
allowed to yell
hideous obscene things and say fu to the
president United States on Twitter which
I see people do daily as much as I
dislike Donald Trump I will respect the
office yet yet then conversely in print
as as an established journalist I'm
sometimes afraid of what I say and write
because I will be attacked for it yeah
and you're gonna be attacked primarily
on the left not the right here
okay Daniel I mean okay Rob just said
somebody goes after me Daniel mentioned
Cavanaugh's Dyneema I think maybe that
wasn't the word but that was what he was
getting at I guess this is where we are
I watched his statement in front of the
Senate committee and I almost cried I
just thought my goodness somebody's not
afraid to say what's on their mind
particularly when they're protecting
themselves and their family and the left
land Bassem for that okay
I mean baguette I guess we really have
to America's right now I thought it was
a stupid
this job something that I will remember
for the rest of my life because it made
me feel proud go ahead Daniel well I
agree I think he did a wonderful job and
so did Lindsey Graham and defending him
of course someone is going to be angry
when they've been accused of things that
are false and so if you go in with the
assumption that she's telling the truth
they're going to have one attitude about
his reaction but if you think in the end
he's innocent of these charges of course
he's going to be outraged and I too was
really pleased I think it's absurd to
think that all of the change in the tone
of our discourse has been due to Donald
Trump I think he's the reaction to this
the letter has been out of control for
really almost 20 years now the attacks
on george w bush were outrageous
comparing him to Hitler and so forth I
think there was a huge amount of real
nastiness there coming from the left
exclusively and it wasn't until Trump's
candidacy that someone on the right
started punching back so I think Trump
is the response to all of this he's not
the cause okay Kevin and going flipping
through the the the channel CNN MSNBC as
this Ford story collapses
they don't seem particularly interested
in and now they're interested in if
Canada
the Supreme Court nominee is an
alcoholic they incident like in a
nanosecond they switch the narrative
it's remarkable
they didn't even reflect upon their own
words of the last two weeks
go ahead Gavin in New York they're like
a drunk chick aren't they you know how a
woman will get to a point after maybe
four or five wines where she's just like
a stick of dynamite and you're scared of
just setting her off and she starts
ranting in different directions and then
gets hysterical then is crying then his
mad then it's sad and and that's the
left and that's to talk to speak to what
you're saying earlier about Donald Trump
is a reaction to that
remember The Huffington Post they said
we're only covering Trump in the
entertainment section not the political
section now MIT Romney would have rolled
over George W Bush would have rolled
over every other candidate we've had
even Ted Cruz probably wouldn't have
react
to that and Trump said hey Arianna
didn't your husband leave you for a man
yeah yeah you did I think he made the
right choice you asked for a pit bull
and we've got we had we got a pit bull
okay gentlemen we're gonna go to a short
break and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on political
correctness stay with RT welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered a I'm Peter welter mind you
were discussing political correctness
okay well let me go back to you did this
the left think this whole identity
politics and virtues signaling this me
to movement it's at a winning strategy
because in looking at the senators that
we all got to know so well over the last
two weeks first of all they seem to all
read the exact same bullet points they
the talking points are identical all the
way through is this a message that's
getting through to the voter as we
approach the midterms here is it a
winning strategy in your mind go ahead
no and in fact I should mention and plug
myself I have a new column with news max
and I've written about this now over the
last three weeks and I think my last
three or four columns have focused on
the fact that there's no unified voice
in the Democratic Party there's no
leadership and what they do basically is
whine about Donald Trump and their
reaction to me saying and writing that
has been then you're not a Democrat why
because I disagree with you because I
don't tow the party line if I'm really a
true liberal and Democrat who cares
about his country then he wants to see
his party do the right thing and I don't
see that now we don't deal with any
issues and the big democratic mistake
and I think the lack of a blue wave is
going to be that just because Donald
Trump may be the worst president in
history doesn't mean that the other
party should win in the midterm
elections based on that what are you
going to do what's your plan what are
you going to do for the country what are
the what are the policy points and
that's not there and they have no actual
candidates that I see my god it's an
embarrassment especially cory booker he
cries way too much oh he cries more than
joe biden uh-oh I hope he I hope he's
the nominee oh that would be a lot of
fun there you know Rob I do have a
suggestion for you maybe you should be
more visible carrying your mouths little
red book and they'll probably cut you a
little bit of slack okay on the left
okay Daniel the whole thing is this
message is gonna provocateur
you know we're told on the left
they don't know diversity is our
strength but it seems to me that is
diversity at the expense of unity and I
and I think it's the it's actually a
small number of people that are
ideologically possessed adore motivating
this um and in intimidating people rob
just gave an example right there get in
line
repeat the party line here that is that
is that is the opposite of unity and I
don't see much value in diversity if it
is just going to be ideological
possession go ahead Daniel we see this
on campus all the time people talk a lot
a lot about diversity being our strength
first of all since my ancestors came
from austria-hungary I'm not convinced
of that general point but gave that
aside if they're interested in diversity
of skin tala color and so on but
definitely not of political views a few
people had signs just the other day on
our campus supporting Brett Kavanaugh
saying confirm him and none of these
were nasty none of these were attacking
forward or saying anything other than
support the nominee they were attacked
by a large crowd I saw together very
very quickly that came and was shouting
them down ripping up signs and so on
there are courses I can no longer teach
because those are courses in which I
surveyed arguments on both sides of
certain political questions I don't
think you can do that on campus anymore
and increasingly you're under attack for
doing that in the larger culture
criticize an open immigration policy and
all of a sudden you get accused of
racism say wait a minute due process is
important and we can't tell who's
telling the truth here unless we wait
for evidence you're accused of being a
sexist and a rape apologist well so I
see these islands of acceptable
discourse drinking very yes well of
course the Constitution was written by a
white slaveholders well why should the
Constitution have any kind of value okay
I mean you know Gavin you know I used to
teach at the University of California
and even then this was 20 years ago plus
even then it was teaching ideology and
not scholarship and it's one of the
reasons why I left okay because it
wasn't a place to think and have debate
because the
it's the only way you're going to get
knowledge is debate I don't see it
happening anymore and I see the left
just come up with their talking points
and then they don't want any discussion
that is a tragedy and it only opens up
the possibility I unfortunately I think
of violence eventually go ahead Gavin
should we just throw in the towel on
academia I know I do I do
it's like travel agents I mean you don't
use you don't need them anymore so
basically it's a calm it's a con job
it's a con job all right and they're
coming out dumber than when they went in
but with more debt and less life skills
it's like the opposite of what it used
to be I don't know I don't understand
how you could be a professor anymore we
got Michael recktenwald who is who was a
communist and he was deemed too far
right-wing they just moved his office
into the Russian section of NYU and he's
getting pushed out this year okay well
I'm sure somebody and enough that you
can explain it I want to say here all
due respect to Daniel okay I know you're
a conservative and I know you're a good
scholar here but my very point is let me
going to Rob is that you know it is in
many cases here you have these
middle-class families they drop off
their kids at university and then they
come back programmed and actually in
many in many cases not really skilled to
work in the modern economy and I guess
you know you you take activism 101 and
you get a degree in it okay and you're
fluent in it okay and I guess go to
George Soros and you'll get a job well
cut that snot it's the economy needs
well skilled people here in the
university well you should do that
George Soros I don't I don't want any
his money
okay you know what I'm getting at Rob
you know and that's why I bring out the
University yes
here's a big problem with with liberals
as as a whole is Republicans are
ideologues in many cases but they remain
true to their particular policy believes
Demma
credits act on emotion so a typical
emotional response will be do you care
about the poor then you have to want to
take care of the poor yes I care about
the poor I I step over them all over the
place in the subway in New York City but
if I try to take care of all of them
where would I get the money from and and
too many of these questions and issues
are addressed with pure emotion without
any realistic response of Joe Biden I
saw him cry two years ago when I was at
a conference because he wanted to send
every person in the country to junior
college I mean why aren't we talking
about technology and robotics and what
we could do if we train young people now
who who may have been a coal miner 40
years ago or a plumber and now they want
to learn how to fix robots which are
going to be running the world in another
20 years so what we don't deal with that
we just deal with tugging on our
heartstrings I'm gonna cry because we
don't have free education and it's it's
based on selfishness and self
aggrandizement from from the Democratic
Party right now they gotta get in step
and figure out where the world is really
going you know Daniel did you come
across on campus people promoting the
ideas of socialism is is this the the
new mantra from and for young students
at the University absolutely the number
of people who are socialists is very
high significantly higher than it was
why do you think they know what that
means no I think they have no idea what
it means in fact when people have come
onto campus and asked students so what
is socialism they really can't give you
any kind of answer and in my courses
where I actually talk some about this
and come up with definitions of
socialism and a variety of other isms
you can tell that people haven't thought
this through
that they're somewhat surprised to think
about it and actually come up with the
definition most of them I think consider
themselves socialist because they think
it's important to help other people and
that charitable impulse is noble but it
doesn't translate into a political
program or an economic program and
there's a huge gap in there that they
haven't thought through
yeah there's no can I interrupt for a
second yeah because you know a lot of
politics based on virtue okay and it
turns into totalitarianism go ahead
Gavin go ahead Daniel you need to quit
your job no one it's like a white guy in
Harlem nobody wants you there well you
got tenure Daniel's got you
Daniel go ahead well that's part of
there are places I've got to defend the
university a little there are places
where serious scholarship gets done even
within the liberal arts philosophy
linguistics maybe a few other
departments are still pretty serious and
largely a political and when you move
into Natural Sciences if you're doing
computer science or physics or business
or engineering most of the faculty
members are on the left but it has
relatively little to do with what they
do in the classroom now there are
exceptions I know somebody who teaches
organic chemistry and spends most of the
time ranting about Trump and not
teaching anybody about organic chemistry
I think that's outrageous but their STEM
isn't even sacred and more and they are
powerful departments okay you know Rob I
know it's increasingly creeping it there
too I I think that all any all Studies
programs to just be defunded across the
country okay every single one of them
okay it's a waste of time I think you
heard about this scandal recently about
these three scholars that wrote these
fake articles but they were picked up by
Gender Studies and identity studies and
all of that you know it's nonsense it's
just nonsense okay because what it does
is it doesn't teach anybody really
anything all it does is make you aware
in one form or another okay I don't
think it makes you a better person and
don't think make society any better one
minute left goes to the odd man out on
the program Rob well you know this has
been an ongoing problem for years if you
want to talk about Gender Studies
programs and ridiculous things I did an
article years ago where I did research
on government grants and I came to find
that not the word
people don't get the government grants
it's the people know how to know how to
write the grant I know all about that
yes pays for things like transferring
how you can translate something from
Swahili into Sanskrit and the government
will give you $40,000 I don't know who
can read that and this this is why we
need reform is it ever going to happen
I don't know as a result I think instead
you have people's anger that is bubbled
over and it's given us Donald Trump it's
you know another liberal mistake is they
think that just bad people voted for
Trump for every action there's an equal
and opposite reaction I think I learned
that in science class and that's why we
have Trump and if we don't open our eyes
and see that my fellow Democrats then
we're going to lose in the midterms and
he's going to be elected and well in the
next presidential Donald Trump has it
made because the Left lives inside his
head all right that's all the time we
have for gentlemen many thanks to my
guests in New York and in Austin and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here at RT see you next time and
remember crosscut rules
