the election comes amid increased
tensions that we all seen throughout the
international media with the West in
particular and the official reaction to
Putin's victory has been muted so far
but the media have already made their
point clear Europe correspondent Peter
Oliver joins us with reaction from that
area Peter have you heard anything of
the EU heavy weights have anything to
say on the outcome yet very quiet so far
in terms of official reaction when it
comes to where I'm talking you frog to
you from here in Berlin we yet to hear
anything from Angela Merkel or from one
of her spokespeople
we have heard from the opposition party
alternative for Germany they
congratulated radomir Putin on another
term as Russian president saying that
they wanted to work with Russia to get
rid of sanctions imposed on Moscow that
as they see it actually harmed German
interests in business when it comes to
the relationship between Germany and
Russia it's strained at the moment over
those international tensions that have
arisen following the attempted murder of
their mr. squid pal and his daughter in
London however the personal relationship
between Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel
appears quite strong they are of course
two of the longest serving world leaders
on the stage at the moment what we found
out last week was that every now and
again the Chancellor sends a few bottles
of Vladimir Putin's favorite German beer
over to the Kremlin to him and she
receives a type of Russian smoked fish
that she has taken a liking to when it
comes to press reactions though here in
Germany well it's pretty much as you
would expect we actually saw the main
tabloid Bild newspaper come out on
Sunday before a voted being cast even
congratulating Vladimir Putin on a
victory that was more of a barbed
congratulation than anything anything
genuine the script pal case though is
dominating all of the talk about the
Russian elections here in Germany and
also elsewhere as well we've in fact
heard some newspapers saying that the
sky pile investigation and all of the
the
poins that's come from that have
actually helped Vladimir Putin that was
confirmed in fact on our show during the
election broadcast by one of the
spokespeople for Vladimir Putin's
campaign thing in fact all of the media
attention outside of Russia had spurred
people along to actually get out and
vote but when it comes to the United
Kingdom and the reaction there well
we've seen newspapers putting out their
articles about there being no opposition
in Russia against Vladimir Putin also
that vote tampering had taken place and
we've seen cartoons one in particular in
The Guardian depicting Russian president
mr. Putin as a spider sitting atop the
world it's very similar in fact to a
Nazi propaganda poster that it was
published way back in the in the 30s
that talked about the the dangers of
global Bolshevism and if they've
compared the two they're really it's
negative where you would expect it to be
negative the coverage of Vladimir
Putin's reelection we're still waiting
for reaction from the big hitters here
in Europe no word from the Elysee a
Paris in France as I say no word from
the Chancellery here in Germany either
but we'll be keeping an eye on that and
as soon as anything does come out of
course I'll bring it to you right here
Peter thanks very much for the overview
on what's happening over in Europe yes
Ted of course very early for them isn't
it seen got nine ten o'clock in Central
and Western Europe and so as soon as
they do start talking about it you'll
hear about it right here across the
Atlantic though some American
politicians have been far more outspoken
about Lydia mere putin's reelection his
longtime critic republican senator john
mccain accusing him of trying to
artificially inflate the turnout top
Democratic congressman Adam Schiff Simon
Putin for eliminating his opponents
there's also been reaction from NSA
whistleblower Edward Snowden who's
living in exile in Russia
Peter attention to the alleged in voter
fraud cases well joining us live now is
Andre in Bistritz ki Jennison media
communications expert thanks very much
for coming onto the program here on this
beautiful day here in the center of
Moscow now
do you think the latest Christopher of
Russia triggered by the poisoning that
we've seen play out hugely in the
international media impacted on
attitudes vote their attitudes either
home or abroad in in the way that they
were going to vote first of all from my
point of view it will speak about
scraper story a simple case it's a to
detective and no one can be a such kind
suspension that's it's a serious
question I think that unfortunately
Schiphol case became a part of general
campaign against Russia we we see a lot
of prejudgment a lot of bias and it's
it's a problem of today total total volt
political environment it's not problem
only Russian West relations it's a
general world problem not only problem
with very relations between Russia and
the West or in the United States it's a
problem in relations between
acquaintances China and the United
States of course not the same style not
the totally the same thing but too many
maybe too hostile in general political
environment we of course we we need to
to change the situation and it's
probably the main task for for leading
politicians to devote it's not like a
big task
what do you make of the reaction from
the US senators because the American
political reaction in any Russian
election is always one that's so
dismissive of how it's gone about who's
won the results right the way through do
you get any sense that the 2018
presidential election has had a better
or worse reaction than they've had
before
the problem is that it's typical and
very shallow reaction on Russian
political events unfortunately it's a
sort of political myopia everyone
because it's a problem all the
partitions prefer to to see all
illusions and to avoid understanding of
real political situation Russia you know
everybody knows it's absolutely clear
Russian elections was pretty just is
very open and no no serious doubts in
results but the problem is that a lot of
us petitions don't see a real political
process in our it's very important
processes we we see how new political
can see in Russia creation of new
political Nations of new society it's
very interesting what do you think that
the attacks then against the way
elections are held in Russia are so
vicious we've just been through the
numbers with the Central Election
Commission hundreds of thousands of
observers something like seven to eight
observers per polling station and
webcams so people at home can see what's
going on so why do you think the attacks
remain so vitriolic against how America
Russia conducts its elections
honestly III don't understand such kind
political reactions I can repeat this so
it's a buoyant reaction to note in the
Russian direction was excellent and way
after Crimea we see a lot of integers in
Russian society a Russian we can see a
process of consolidation of Russian
Russian society of Russian citizens and
now now from my point of view the best
as a best position is to try to restore
our relations to to find new solutions
for our common future they all made
problem nothing in in past time but now
all my problem future if something gonna
work with mr. Putin for the next six
years so they can happily thanks very
much for joining us on our TV all
thought this nothing but it connects via
type thing
