Israeli military's facing a public
backlash after removing an online video
to mark International Women's Day last
week
it features female soldiers working in
various rules in the Air Force but the
commentary includes sexist remarks
attributed to religious leaders about
women in combat the video was taken down
after alleged pressure from religious
groups in memoriam similar holiday
ultimate national northwich feel safe
and pursued lawyer hallowed physiology
national code by by t melody
the Israel Defense Forces insists that
the video was removed simply because it
was not officially approved before it
was uploaded but a religious news
website claimed in a tweet that the clip
was taken down after it complained
describing the video as provocative
well a group called the female
combatants for a man launched an online
petition demanding rabbis apologize or
be sad for opposing women being employed
in combat roles the military dismissed
one leading rabbi from a pre military
religious academy at the weekend after
he accused the IDF of destroying
families and warned women not to enlist
the executive director of the Israel
religious Action Center believes faith
groups find the growing influence of
women in the country unsettling
I think that rabbis extreme zealot
rabbis had belonged to minority groups
in Israel do certainly not the
mainstream rabbis are disturbed by the
fact that women are becoming more and
more dominant in the Israeli public
sphere why are the rabbi's disturbed
there's the saying if women become
generals in the army what's next they're
gonna want to become rabbis they're
gonna become religious judges they're
gonna take our jobs away and I'm sorry
that the army bent down and capitulated
to these demands 30 years ago women were
assigned to only a hundred professions
while men had 700 professions and now
women are in the hundreds of professions
even though they're only serving 20
months while men served 30 months I'm
proud of this movie and I think that
even if the movie is off the air it's
not off the hearts and I think reality
in the end will triumph
