there is a power struggle in Berlin but
this time it's between the authorities
and the criminal underworld it's claimed
that Arab crime plans are infiltrating
the police and undermining their
reputation and the media says they're
proving successful on it here sir Europe
correspondent Peter Oliver a parallel
society with parallel justice being
meted out by a Mafia don the Arabic
clans of Berlin's underworld have
apparently gained so much influence that
they're challenging the power of the
state and that has got alarm bells
ringing in the city prosecutor's office
the damage is already done
now the clans are making sure that
confidence in state power is dwindling
the latest method being used to erode
the power of the police while cementing
their own is to use their power base
against the police that strength lies in
Berlin's drug trafficking protection
rackets and prostitution and it's the
latter that's being used to attack the
reputation of police officers Hozuki
rumors have been spreading about police
and prostitutes aiming to show police
offices in a bad light for example that
they have given drugs to prostitutes for
information once it's out there it is
very difficult to dispel it people see
corrupt cops in Hollywood and think yes
that could happen even if we have very
clear evidence to prove it's not true
the Arab clans have become such a part
of the tapestry of the German capital
that they were recently featured in a
hit TV show
Dayna Familia mentioned could be
personal
the police point out this real life is
far crueler and violent than any fiction
beautiful specs of the Indies have stuck
the clans main weapon is intimidation
but just recently we saw a passerby shot
and injured in a shootout between gangs
if you hear shots being fired in Berlin
80% of the time it's clans we've seen
police officers testifying against Klan
members and being threatened right in
the courtroom if you stand against them
expect to be visited by them and for
threats to be made against you and your
family the clans have become emboldened
over the last few years being linked to
or investigated in more and more
ambitious crimes like the daring heist
on an upscale khuddam jeweler's and the
theft of a 100 kilo gold coin from the
boder museum but how to open up a group
that uses violence to guarantee silence
um Jim Quincy noir we need to track the
money like they did with the Mafia in
Italy we should make it so people have
to prove where the cash comes from now a
person can claim all the unemployment
benefits available but be driving a
Lamborghini and say it was a gift from
his brother even though the real money
is coming from criminal enterprises with
the police feeling hamstrung by
allegations against officers and the
clans influence on the up we have to ask
who wins in the increasingly unequal
battle for the streets of Berlin Peter
Oliver Rt
