Artie today polling stations have been
open for an hour now here in the capital
for the country's presidential election
with a territory spanning almost a dozen
time zones the vote has already been
going over well for now more than a half
a day in some regions let's go live now
to our T's Colin Bray and nadir atutor
at our central Moscow studio
hello and a very good morning to you
from our teats home for the next couple
of days we're bringing you our special
coverage of the Russian presidential
election live from Red Square 109
million voters have got 12 hours to get
the number one job in that building
right behind us we've got the front row
seats when we call in to bring you all
the latest from the voting and election
silence has been in effect all weekend
that means campaigning as well as news
coverage of the candidates and their
manifestos is now over so until the
polls close on Sunday evening we won't
be able to give you much information
about those vying for the Russian
leadership oh we can tell you about is
the organization of the process of the
voters more and more of the regions join
that voting marathon on top of that a
record number of foreign observers are
present of this year's elections about
1500 of registered to take part in this
year's sending the first round as well
as more than 140,000 observers from
across Russia so keenly watched you
though you don't have to be at the polls
to see what's happening just log on
indeed and you can watch the voting
process from the comfort of your own
homes unlike us : as the vast majority
of polling stations are equipped with
cameras streaming everything online all
right let's take a look at some of them
now shall we we've got some of the
pictures from the capital's polling
stations as Rory mentioned polling has
been taking place for just over an hour
now people are being handed their
ballots and heading to the booths to
make their choice there's some of the
election officials that you can see
where people will come in they'll get
their voting registration certified
before heading to those booths and
making their choice in the first round
of Russia's presidential election 2018
well we've obviously done a lot of
preparation here on RT International and
before the election we spoke with
from all walks of life about what they
hope for ahead of Election Day
Giavotella basilica spots milk it will
are traveling inside of pascha
it's in a specially women have not got
three cheaper prices spike is coming to
smart it is very building with a value
of the to Tokyo at Casa that will Harris
materials about the spell cash flow
usually judicata disadvantage alloyed
conditioning the survived a comedian and
recruit a new area who strongly
douche-mobile sushi formation article
place the doesn't--it approached about
trees remember become critical our
permission validity
solution disappear hola Dora yerba toast
is a table in its
kurkov√° most is no three nautical
cartoon good seconded we're a team
approach assistant first a young know
the signature
the tribunal phone will choose for a
present of a robber the oppressor
parvatamma strago is nutritious Tavella
but cut down over sandwiches on the
video after compression
yes populist blue one was the relevant
only joke on the real naming as a motive
looting is stylish but if sales from
August deal with the new name noting the
devotion to the lunar chest
remenber gotta move the stubbornness
Villopoto has motion to remove the past
volatile disposables voy a decir
romanization version
in never achieve Minister she of course
had no idea to project scale right here
presently the pollution no is just a
visual register in loops top employers
come fourteen cities near abolish the
National Forum deficit to fold a
terrible astonishing Hiroshi mr. history
history Prince Isildur
networks which we definitely practice
watched or assisted about civilian
okay now in terms of voting just to let
you know the reason you can hear all the
bells behind us this Sunday morning of
course got bells in various churches
dotted all around us I hope you can hear
me over them you don't need me to tell
you that trying to cover an election in
a place as big as Russia is no mean feat
it's 11 time zones it's a hundred and
nine million voters voting actually
began as early as February for those who
are living in some of the hard-to-reach
areas particularly in places like
Siberia and in the far north of Russia a
lot of settlements and villages are
inaccessible to Carl so you stand at
postal voting it's not going to be of
any good to you there so ballots there
had to be delivered snowmobile
helicopter you name it how innovative
and fantastic well military personnel
stationed abroad also voted early for
instance at Russia's common airbase in
Syria and we're keeping a close eye
obviously on the voting throughout the
day bringing you the very latest from
our studio here on the Red Square in
this absolutely gorgeous weather it's
mid spring but it's minus 15 we're here
every hour to keep you on top of the
Russian election 2018 see you later
