Red Cross spoke someone for the Middle
East Yolanda's Jacques Mayer she joins
us live for comment thanks for joining
us mom great to have you on the program
obviously a very serious situation in in
Eastern guter still ongoing how would
you assess what's going on there on the
ground right now the situation on the
ground is catastrophic as you mentioned
there was a 2010 convoy Thursday we
enter together with the signal Arab Red
Crescent and the UN bringing food for
26,000 people in the main town of Duma
our president mr. Mulder was with that
convoy and he spoke to the people there
he found exhaustion and despair families
would actually start sobbing after a few
sentences people hiding in basements for
fear of the fighting three families per
room with scabies with with lies people
hungry many many without access to
health care injured people so what we
need is indeed to be able to go back as
soon as possible which Canada and
convoys for those remaining in
southeastern Utah at the same time as of
today together with the Syrian Arab Red
Crescent we are bringing emergency aid
to the people who have fled who are now
accommodated in two camps closed to
Damascus we brought food for 20,000
people we are also bringing back food to
to collective kitchens and as of
tomorrow medical supplies as well at the
same time we are also very concerned as
missiles that he was saying about a
situation in a free no well reported in
civilians are also under fire and also
without protection and just in terms of
those humanitarian corridors established
now we understand over 40,000 people
have left via those routes how are they
working are they effective in getting
those civilians out of danger and into
an area they can get the help they need
what is important to remind is that
humanitarian corridors have to be
established with an agreement from all
sides but
whatever can bring respite to the people
and bring them to to safety to a place
where they have access to food to
protection to shelter and to medical
care is welcome
we have also reminded all the parties
three days ago about international rules
in terms of evacuation people who live a
conflict area have to do so by their own
free will but if they choose to stay for
whatever reason they keep being
protected
the k√∂gel here being that civilians
clearly are not a target only military
targets are legitimate so civilians the
injured schools hospitals ambulances
homes are not a legitimate target and
what unfortunately we've been seeing
throughout Syria is a lack of respect
for this basic principle of
international humanitarian law which is
that civilians must be spared at all
times
do you think the situation and guilt is
getting enough media attention I mean do
you think enough is being done to to
ease that obviously very dire
humanitarian crisis in that area well I
would say that media attention is always
welcome but what makes the difference
for the people who are terrified and who
live under the bombs is not media
attention is respect of the rules for
those by the for the many from the many
parties who are fighting in Syria what
matters for a mother whose child is
hiding in a basement and is terrified
and is hungry and his silk is not the
attention of the media with all due
respect what matters is the fact that
those fighting should respect the child
should make sure that the child is still
alive tomorrow should allow humanitarian
convoys in with the food and medicine
that the child needs to be still
thriving the following day
and unfortunately again this is not
happening
often enough throughout Syria you're
caught you're quite right obviously both
sides in that conflict have been accused
of various breaches of international law
of crimes etc but just going back to to
that question of civilian evacuations I
mean 44,000 that's a very large number
do you think aid agencies are able to
cope with that large exodus of people
that are leaving the area what I hear
from my colleagues is that certainly the
situation is still in flux by definition
when you have large numbers of people
arriving all at the same time all in
that need of help you need days and days
for things to fall into place but
certainly everybody now is putting an
effort for the people evacuated at the
same time let me repeat that we also
need to be able to get in with convoys
into eastern Utah for those remaining
and equally into a screen which is where
again there has been a very serious
collision of the fighting and again in a
stream in the north of Syria you have
tens and hundreds of thousands of
civilians who are in dire need of
assistance and of protection from the
fighting and of course the organization
is doing a crucial role there in easing
some of that very very dire hardship
that very serious situation there you
lando jack Mayer from the Red Cross
there bring us the latest on Eastern
Goethe thanks so much for coming on
today
