Russia's Defense Ministry says rebel
groups have been armed with chemical
weapons in Syria and are planning to
stage false flag attacks as a pretext
for the u.s. to carry out airstrikes
representatives of the Russian Armed
Forces have said they have information
reason to believe that the United States
at its base in Syria has been preparing
squads of rebels fighters to stage a
chemical provocation a chemical weapons
attack in the south of Syria in Daraa
which borders Jordan in Israel they've
been provided allegedly as well as 20
tons of Laurine as well as detonators
disguised as disguise this cigarette
packs and this attack is imminent
defense officials have said that this
attack will be blamed on the Syrian
government and will be used as an excuse
by the United States and its allies to
strike at Bashar al-assad his government
and his military directly the
provocations mentioned will be used as a
pretext for the United States and its
allies to conduct airstrikes against
military and state infrastructure in
Syria we're seeing that such strikes are
being prepared by warships in the
Mediterranean the Red Sea and in the
Persian Gulf
at the same time speaking in astana
Sergey Lavrov the Russian Foreign
Minister said that the Syrian conflict
is beginning to look less like a proxy
war than a direct confrontation resumed
lien accord says there are US Special
Forces on the ground they are no longer
denying this they are accompanied by the
British French and Special Forces from
other countries it's not a proxy war
anymore but rather a direct involvement
in the war we condemn their illegal
presence on Syria's territory the us-led
coalition is not legitimate from the UN
point of view either we are pragmatic
people and we understand that we should
not engage in armed conflict with them
representatives of the Russian armed
forces also talked about the situation
East guta from which they say 47,000
civilians have fled in the last several
weeks they say there's a huge operation
humanitarian operation underway three
convoys of eight of God into guter as
well and they say the UN UN
representatives on the ground in East
guta have praised the Russian and Syrian
effort in relieving the situation
they're providing food and other aid for
civilians in need they also say that
armed groups in East guta as well as
Islamists have expressed their desire to
leave the leave East guta for adlib for
other locations once their sponsors give
the green light well these are the
latest pictures from one of those
humanitarian corridors crowds of people
are using the escape route to reach
government control areas over 44,000
people have managed to flee from guter
so far is the biggest single exodus
since fighting escalated last month the
first to make it to safety were children
women and the injured according to the
Russian Defense Ministry they were given
basic supplies when they reached the
government-controlled side of the
corridor here's how they described life
and a militant rule
the militants were living with us next
to our Hollis and inside them they would
open a road amongst the houses to be
able to move they would not leave and we
did not dare to say get out they fired
at us they didn't want us to escape at
all they fired at the cars wheels so
that we couldn't leave we had no food or
water there are 10 of us and we could
not buy a kilo of flour we were starving
we wanted to escape but they wouldn't
let us we fled against their will so
they fired at us and half of the people
were shot look at our children
bare feet hungry and without clothes but
the militants showed no mercy
salaphi Atma had the Dillman's the aid
was given only to certain groups most of
the medical aid was sold it was from
humanitarian agencies and the UN and was
distributed in Goethe under the
supervision of our government but the
militants were selling it
I don't remember the last time I ate we
didn't have food in our village the
militants took everything that the
humanitarian convoys delivered meanwhile
the UN's special envoy to the country
has welcomed a brief ceasefire in the
city of Douma in eastern Goethe Staffan
de Mistura also renewed calls for an end
to the hostilities across Syria further
meetings have been taking place since
the secret general briefing between the
Russian Federation engage Islam in the
last few days on the outskirts of doom
am the result of this engagement a
tenuous fragile ceasefire between the
comment Russian military in Jerusalem
forces has continued to largely hold for
the sixth day now let's hope that that
for the ceasefire holds because that has
been at least one good news among very
bad news Eastern Goethe was seized by
rebels in late 2012 and since 2013 has
been under siege as the Syrian army
tries to recapture the area the Assad
government has now succeeded in driving
the militants into three small pockets
regaining control of much of the region
despite the advances many civilians
there are still living in dire
conditions political analyst and author
Phyllis Bennis told us the humanitarian
crisis will be felt right across the
Middle East there is no place for them
to go the country of Syria has been
decimated by these seven years of war
and people have been moved from one
place to another looking for safety and
not finding it those who have been
driven out of the country are finding
the the gates of other countries closed
against them most notably of course the
United States which has prohibited
refugees coming from Syria altogether in
the context of the so-called Muslim bans
that Donald Trump has imposed but even
the country's closer the country's right
in the region who are already taking
care of hundreds of thousands in some
cases more than a million refugees in in
Lebanon for instance as a very small
country one out of every
for people in that country is now a
Syrian refugee in Jordan where there's
over a million refugees but there's
simply not enough water available so the
humanitarian crisis is is massive on a
regional level certainly within Syria is
the most serious then on the regional
level and on a global level the Syrian
refugees are facing a devastating future
