well welcome to sofiane comb so feet
Shepard not say Serbia's course of EU
integration is impeded once again by
simmering tensions with Kosovo I will
grade going to go around that at Easter
region in any danger well today I talk
about that and more for the president of
Serbia
Aleksandar vucic Belgrade is no longer
an enemy of the West twenty years after
NATO bombed Serbia the country is on a
path towards the EU and cooperating with
the transatlantic military bloc but the
question of the breakaway province of
Kosovo is still unresolved will it keep
the Balkan country from ever integrating
into Europe and can Serbia manage to
finally become a part of the West while
still keeping traditional tie
he's president we teach welcome to
Moscow great to have you on our program
it's a first very pleased - very pleased
to be here and I enjoy spending my time
in Moscow so you're here discussing a
lot of things with Putin you see key
support and advice on Kosovo you just
came out from the meeting with President
Putin what did he advise we discussed
all important issues on political scene
in the Western Balkans an entire region
of South East Southeast Europe and also
we discussed discussed our bilateral
issues either political and economic and
just one sentence to use to say that we
do have better and better economic
relationship and our trade exchange or
trade trade turnover is growing
last year it was 23% bigger than in 2016
this year it's going to be once again 20
percent more and we're doing we're doing
our job in a very proper way regarding
our economic cooperation and
collaboration
speaking about most important political
issues we have always had that kind of
support and assistance and there to say
when endorsement
you know most important issues were the
most significant issues for Serbia I
felt very comfortable in Putin's words
on further support for Serbia's
territorial integrity which is not only
an issue of Serbia which became an issue
of many sovereign states that were put
in jeopardy because of unilateral
actions made some other other
territories either people in our
nation's salami let's go point by point
regarding that especially Kosovo it's
always revenues Allah it's always
relevant but especially now it's been
back in the news
you are seeking to mend ties with Kosovo
but you're saying it has to be a two-way
street you're in favor of the so called
land deal that would actually see Kosovo
divided on ethnic lines right now
christina is saying no partition to any
part of Kosovo firstly I was not saying
that we should do and I have never
mentioned that a sort of partition by a
non or based on ethnic lines
there was only one sentence that I have
always been saying we need to reach we
need to find a compromising solution
between Serbs and Albanians which means
that it cannot be the case this
Albanians get everything the Serbs got
nothing Albanians gain absolutely
everything that's had that have ever
dreamed of the Serbs got absolutely
nothing that was why and that was our
that was Serbia's first and the only
position that we have never left then we
faced response from different sides
Russia was saying okay if Serbia Greece
or something because we consider Serbia
as a sovereign state
if Serbia Luise something was supported
which was very much in accordance with
or absolutely in accordance with
international public law and that's why
we respected and appreciated at
political attitude of President Putin of
Russia very much on the other hand we
got a very clear response from several
EU countries they were totally against
it they were saying just to clear it up
that if that happens Serbia will open
Pandora's box new Pandora's box about
water changes anniversary disagree I
totally disagree
and I'll tell you why how can we open
Pandora's box who opened those Pandora's
box in 2008 accepting acknowledging and
recognizing
independence of Kosovo unilaterally
proclaimed they were doing so not us
when they say to me okay we don't want
to change the borders immediately reply
to them saying okay it means that cos Ã¸y
is a part of Serbia there are no other
changes no no no we accept border
changes that we did 10 years ago but now
you cannot do it even if you would agree
with on that with your counterparts your
albanian counterparts then you say hey
where are the principles are there any
principles you can do it you can change
our territory and we cannot do it it was
not pandora boxx that was open 10 years
ago but it is Pandora's Box that is
going to be open they see they see we
opening Pandora's box they mean Serge
living in Bosnia Herzegovina or the
Albanian minority in Macedonia what do
you say to them to that I say to them ok
if you first of all we do support
territorial integrity of Bosnia we have
never mentioned anything about it but I
speak about Kosovo
you people firstly agreed then
recognized secession of Montenegro from
former Yugoslavia from former Yugoslavia
am i right
it happened in 2006 if you remember in
2008 you took a new recognizing
independence of Kosovo from Serbia how
did you derive that right what was the
way that you derived that right and that
was not an opening of Pandora's box and
now it would be an opening of Pandora's
box even though if Serbs and Albanians
would aside making such an arrangement
that's that's a hypocrisy like you've
mentioned in your answer in the
beginning they're still against it I
mean yes Russia supports you America
isn't in saying that it's Serbia and
Kosovo find a mutual agreement will
support it but European partners are
saying Pandora's box so how healthy is
it to actually try to mend ties with
Kosovo because you're trying to do that
as much as you can while your most
important partners cuz you want to be
part of the you are saying no no go on
keep on fighting
how healthy is it as a weird situation
yeah you'll define it in this way I will
define it and I'm a slightly different
way I would say it's a very complicated
situation but at the same time we have
different agenda or some other issues
which is NATO membership Serbia most
probably very soon will be the only
country in the region that is not
aspiring NATO membership and we don't
hide it there are different reasons for
that nautical attitude from Serbian side
including
everything that happen to our country
and 12 people in 1999 and that's what
means difference between Serbia and all
the others that's another difference
that's you know you're in a very very
special case and you see now the
situation in Macedonia people didn't
decide and people didn't say yes and
that referendum but doesn't matter who
cares about the referendum results
they'll go for it you know yeah they
said the results were great even there
less than 50% of people showed up they
don't mind if I may say we think that
whatever Macedonia and Greece and Greece
might agree on something we would
support it and that would be very
important for them but you cannot
undermine people's decision you cannot
undermine people's will people in the
Balkans they expect respect as well as
all the others they just expect a normal
appreciation and they want to be heard
and that's what I wanted to say speaking
about Serbia Russia we are hurt that's
very important for us and we feel that
we are respected by our Russian
colleagues by our Russian friends is my
impression right when I say that you're
probably first president in a long time
who is actually open to mending ties
with Kosovo and you speak about it but
you don't get much response from the
Kosovo side you know you're right
we cited Russell's agreement and we
fulfilled all our obligations from
Brussels agreement by the other side
they had only one obligation which which
was 4045 percent of overall Brussels
agreement and that obligation was
Foundation and establishment of serb
community or a service Russia
Association doesn't matter how we'll
call it they didn't do it they didn't do
a single small step forward of this
issue and it was tolerated by
international community when I say
international community it's Mu Alpha
mizzen for the Western world they said
nothing to them it was there were no
remarks but we delivered absolutely
everything on different issues regional
police justice and judiciary issue
telecom issue and many other issues they
did nothing and I said okay are you
going to fulfill it or not are you going
to make pressure on your guys to fulfill
what they signed and you co-signed
together with us that paper and then we
got to response okay we'll speak about
general resolution of your problems I
said okay let us speak about it we are
open to speak about it and from the very
beginning I hoped that some people in
Christina as well as many people in
Brussels will do their best to reach a
compromising solution now I can tell you
that I will always be ready to carry on
with the dialogue
I've always be ready to negotiate on
whatever you want but in the meantime we
lost our trust and confidence in
Albanian side that they really want to
reach any kind of compromising solution
because they were doing their best of
all the provocations and they were doing
absolutely everything just to undermine
all our efforts and to instead of
lowering the expectation of their people
they were expanding Directorate
and you see that there is no fertile
ground for possible arrangement but
anyway Serbia will always be ready to
continue to resume with a process of
dialogue but I'm not expecting very much
as a result of that kind of mr.
president we're gonna take a short break
right now when we're back we'll continue
talking to aleksandrovitch's disturbin
president talking about surveys
accession to the EU and its relations
with the United States stay with us
and we're back with Alexander food Shh
serbian leader mr. president you just
mobilized serbian army because the cost
of our leader want to visit the area
with the majority so because of that why
was it it's it's a view from outside
people would say okay those guys wanted
to visit one part of kosovo and then you
mobilize your army no the agreement I
understand why you mobilize their army
yes they were coming there with machine
guns one we're fools and everything else
and they don't have right to come there
with that kind of weaponry that was our
verbal arrangement although there is a
statement done by NATO plus Albanians
and Serbs after Brussels agreement we
made also in Brussels that there were
two preconditions if someone would like
to bring let's say machine guns to the
north of Kosovo
one and the most important precondition
was and it still is the consent of local
Serb community they didn't ask even any
single Serb about saying yes to the
visit of hashim tachi and it's not about
his visit
it's about hungry his people were using
and that was another provocation and
they wanted you know to show that they
were in charge that they can do it
whenever they want and whatever they
want of course to frighten Serbs once
again that's what I wanted to do and
they did it and the other precondition
was consent of NATO we don't know what
NATO was doing but if there was a
consent of Nate there was not fulfilled
and that's a cumulative precondition
number one which was consent of serve
people serbian people and they did a
habit at all that's why we needed to
react otherwise they can conquer north
of Kosovo they can expel all our people
and everyone from Western community
would say
most of them would say well okay it
happens you know now you should live in
peace and now we have borders in a way
that we wanted and Serbia cannot agree
on this so I mean it would seem to me
our job was just to send a strong
message that we would protect our people
from the guys that would use heavy
weaponry against our guys north of
course I think the message was received
yes and well heard you mentioned in the
beginning that you're the only country
in the region that doesn't aspire to be
part of nature but you know you and
nature still enjoy great relations 20
years after the bombings you do mutual
exercises they conduct exercises on your
territory and then when it comes down to
it you just mentioned and we do the same
exercises with Russia absolutely
absolutely but when you come down to it
NATO didn't do anything with this
incident it's a NATO control territory
do you what do you get in return when
you cooperate with nature this much do
you get do you feel like you get in
return as much as you would have liked
to put yourself into our shoes please
we are not Russia we are not big country
although we are the biggest into Western
Balkan we are a small country and we
have to protect our country we have to
protect our people and we have to
maintain peace tranquility and stability
within the region we need to boost our
economic development we need to attract
more of investors we cannot say
everything that we think to everyone
just cannot it's a different position
you're not as big as Russia we are not
as strong as Russia we have to keep the
momentum of asking and trying to carry
on with the same or even bigger and
better level of cooperation with all the
others but at the same time don't forget
it's not only about NATO aspirations
that we don't have it
Serbia is the only country that didn't
impose any sanctions against Russia do
you really think that it's an easy
decision for Serbia
do you really think that we didn't face
a lot of pressure from different sides
on this issue yes we did mr. president I
have to ask you I mean you said it so
many times that you will never sacrifice
your view membership with your
relationship with Russia you've been
showing a great example of how not to do
that but the day will come and you know
it will come when they'll say Alexander
why don't you join the sanctions and
your membership to the EU purse the
process of the ascending ascendance of
Serbia to the you will be speeded up
this day will come now this sentence may
sound differently in different
variations but you get the point what
are you gonna do at a point you are very
well prepared for this interview and but
to tell you the truth listening the same
question for more than five years
first of all we'll see whether that will
happen second we'll see in which form
that might happen third we'll see what
European Union will look like within
four five six years those or you know
seven eight years I don't know yes
that's that should be our last
obligation before we join in and whether
it's going to happen anyway because the
most important precondition for our EU
membership is to resolve COSO Asia
that's much bigger and much more
problematic issue for us than any other
issues as you can see there are many but
or if then you'll see and I hope that
will be strong enough and respected
enough and that everyone will always
appreciate and respect our relationship
towards Russian people and towards
Russia we cannot change ourselves on
this issue and hopefully people in
Europe will understand that I'm saying
to you once again who knows what will
happen within several years so then let
me ask you about your aspirations to
become part of you because I know you
were very enthusiastic about it when you
came in power well well your Prime
Minister once you're president you
always say that yes Serbia wants to be a
part of you let's say we live in an
ideal world and you on Kosovo resolve
this issue overnight
it happens so that's not an obstacle
anymore you right now like you said you
never know what's not a casement okay
okay but let's go because it's always
like we don't we have the cost of voice
issue and then we never talked about
Serbia becoming part of you let's forget
about Casso forest let's say you
resolved it overnight and then you don't
have any more obstacles to go to the you
re still is enthusiastic I mean seeing
what's going on there is South that's
getting poor North that's getting richer
and they're like Eastern Europe and
Western Europe that are actually
bickering about migration and so many
more issues and this elections that are
coming up they're going to completely
change the whole configuration and the
paradigm in which EU exists I mean it's
kind of like a fractured Union right now
why do you want to be part of it so much
it's not about whether someone wants to
do something desperately or not it's
something about rational decisions so
reason is you part because of several
reasons one of it is okay we want to
belong to the type of society and other
ones we want to we have
Regas percent of our trade exchanges
with new countries at 68 percent for
trade overall trade turnover plus 20
percent with regional countries
everything else is Russia plus China and
a small portion with Turkey we are
situated in that part of the world but
at the same time I don't think that that
will exclude not only our friendship but
very close ties with Russia and I don't
hide it as you know we were because you
were insisting from the very first
moment of our interview everything that
I was saying about European Union which
I don't hide but you don't mention the
fact that even in Washington or in
Brussels or today in English language
I'm saying that will keep our very close
ties with Russia always and we don't
know what will happen in the future I
still don't know but I think that our
European partners will always understand
Serbia on our issue is Russia I just
have maybe one last question or two
about president Trump because he is a
very unconventional American leader I
mean his views of the world and the way
America should be are unlike the ones of
his predecessors he's not very
sympathetic towards a you I mean he's
declaring tariff Wars and China European
Union doesn't really like NATO because
he says like everyone should pay up not
only America does that change anything
for Serbia Serbia stands
you've invited him to come to Serbia is
that Serbia Serbia so far anyway we
Serbs they prefer no doubt Trump then
Obama why I don't know because service
have always thought that it was
Democrats fault and they launched that
aggression against earlier and they
always supported Republican Party I
think Trump as you said
he's pretty much unconventional you know
and you know only few things about his
politics almost nothing about his
politics in the Balkans but at least the
drum Bolton he opened the doors for
possible arrangement right away between
Belgrade and Pristina and that's what we
appreciate it that's slightly a change
of their politics would we'll have to
see about how to wait we'll have to see
I cannot assess it I cannot estimate it
I'm asking you so the Russians were also
excited about Trump winning because we
also thought that Republicans were
better than Democrats for Russia and
putting in Trump like each other on a
personal level but then there's the
establishment that wouldn't let him do
anything that's why I'm a very do I have
there's a rational approach not excited
not emotional at all a very rational
about it and if I said to you we need to
wait to see what is going to be the
final result of their stances their
position and their attitude over Serbia
and over Western Balkans all right mr.
president thank you very much for this
insightful interview thank you very much
and I was to tell you the truth
pretty much positively surprised by the
knowledge that you have shown and there
are very few politicians in Serbia that
would understand all the questions and
all the issues that you have just a cold
thank you I love your country and now we
show the best of luck I love your
country and we wish all the best to your
country and we hope that we'll be able
to preserve and to maintain the best
possible result relationship between our
two countries
amen
