hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report it's all about peace and love
Stacy I thought this episode was about
quantum theory oh okay it's all about
quantum theory and love well you know
everybody is always mentioning the fact
that what happens when we have quantum
computers and then bitcoins destroyed
and one theory actually I saw was that
somebody suggested that will know that
quantum computers exist if satoshi
nakamoto the real one the real Satoshi
if his Bitcoin ever moved the million
Bitcoin that he mined that's an
excellent point
it would be a safeguard it would be a
signpost it would be an indication that
quantum computer had hacked into the
Bitcoin protocol in a significant way
that is what about all this quantum
computer is it here are we in danger is
it all happening it's an unraveling
it's a tweet I saw from Stacy Herbert
and oh that's me
crypto is already quantum whoever it
looks at it observes whatever they want
to see and this is a response to all of
these regulators in the u.s. you know we
have more regulators in the United
States that we have intelligence
agencies and they all want in on Bitcoin
and crypto currencies and they're
determining what it is so here's a
succinctly from mines fiction and he
says crypto is considered property by
the IRS money by the Treasury Department
commodities by the CFTC and securities
by the SEC in before CDC declares crypto
a pandemic isn't this fascinating they
can't really decide what it is you know
all these regulatory agencies are
looking at it they see it you know as a
reflection of themselves in some way
there is a case to be made that it does
resemble to some degree a commodity I've
said that since 2011 it is a but it is
an emerging asset class that is none of
the above somebody made the comment that
it's like a duck-billed platypus right
it's
features from all these things in one
thing and you wouldn't think it would
work but it does work so it's not really
any of those things it is a unique asset
class we haven't seen anything new in
the world of finance and asset classes
and hundreds of years really and this is
the first thing we've seen new in such a
long time and so if that's why it's so
interesting to see how regulators
approach this because they don't really
have the tools yet to regulate it in the
way that they've come accustomed to
there needs to be a new agency spawned
you sound exactly like Brian Quinton's
who is a commissioner at the CFTC and
some of your quotes are almost exactly
as he he recites looking at
cryptocurrency but before then I just
want to point out that what has happened
in the past week we could have is that
we've seen a federal judge judge a US
federal judge determined that the CFTC
can basically go after Bitcoin as a
commodity we've also seen the SEC
obviously say that all of the tokens
that they look at that they see them as
securities and then we saw FinCEN in the
United States determined that exchanges
are basically money transmitters so that
Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are money
so mark mark was Santori who is a crypto
lawyer he pointed out that that's
technically and legally impossible for
asset to be both money and a security it
can only be one or the other right so
it's gonna be regulatory mayhem and as
they cancel each other out potentially
they won't work together of course
they'll probably just create a mishmash
and I thought you said for a moment that
it was considered to be a trans murder I
heard you say which was interesting
because it would be killing the old Fiat
world and ushering in the new world of
crypto which is transforming the global
finance in a big way you know it's gonna
have the biggest impact in countries and
in regions of the world that have no
formal banking in place now so across
Africa and other places is
we're the crypto revolution is really
gonna take hold it won't be in London or
New York well we'll see time will tell
and of course part of the problem has
been that while Bitcoin itself is an
amazing innovation that nobody could
figure out what it is but it is and it
works is that many of the people who
have made it big in the Bitcoin space
lack the imagination to come up with
their own words and phrases so they use
words like ICO which it taunts the sec
saying who they are the regulator for
IPOs so calling yours a not an initial
public offering but an initial coin
offering only taunts them and says hey
you're here cause you're regulating me
to the model for this escape you know
the creators of Skype and they totally
destroyed the long-distance market in
the telephony business they purposely
never refer to it as telephones or these
none of those Noma protocol they just
did stuff to totally avoid that and they
snuck in and they established ubiquity
before the regulators could shut them
down in the coin space Bitcoin space to
use the word coin itself is problematic
ICEA was problematic they should have
gone with tokens as he should have been
a bit token or something token
originally they should have avoided all
the words a nomenclature referring to
money from the day one and they would
have have avoided a lot of these issues
now I mentioned Brian Quinton's from the
he's a commissioner at the CFTC the
Commodities Futures Trading Commission
and here's a headline from coin desk
where he says crypto industry should
self-regulate says CFTC commissioner
regulations can take years to develop so
why wait when you could self-regulate
that's the message US Commodity Futures
Trading Commission Commissioner Brian
quinten's
delivered to the audience of the DC
blockchain summit last week I believe
that a private crypto currency oversight
body could bridge the gap between the
status quo and future government
regulatory action he told the audience
in his keynote address Quinton's also
suggested that a cryptocurrency
self-regulatory organization or an SRO
could have an impact beyond the US
market and could potentially take on
global significance he goes into all
this that that cryptocurrency is
actually
anything's and that's why so many
regulators want in on it but this notion
that how about self regulating why not
come up with your own regulations and
part of this is that the ecosystem of
cryptocurrency well there's no one voice
to speak for Bitcoin
there's no Satoshi Nakamoto we don't
know he who he or she or they were there
are also many libertarians and
anarchists who want nothing to do with
government so nobody wants to have any
sort of regulations but there are
obvious scams out there many of the icos
were obvious scams and who is within the
community is gonna step forward and say
we need to end this look nobody buys
Bitcoin they escape Fiat that's what
gives it value is the crumbling fiat
world because fiat doesn't work bitcoin
emerged and there have been attempts to
bring some kind of oversight or
regulatory body or type of panel
together Bitcoin foundation for example
came and went and that didn't really
work it doesn't the idea of having a
centralized force in this way it doesn't
doesn't work and it's already self
regulated but the protocol regulates
itself it doesn't need an outside
regulator to regulate it if somebody
wants to come along and try to encourage
best practices and encourage how to get
good wallets and how to protect your
individual sovereignty that's a great
idea but it does it's not gonna the
state it's not gonna come forward and
say here's how we're gonna help you
create your individual sovereignty so
you're not reliant on the state by
promoting best practices in the Bitcoin
space so the state is not gonna do that
and all these regulators are functions
of the state so they're not gonna be
helpful anyway a lot of people would say
that getting rekt is self regulation
that's the way to get regulated it's
like you should have done your due
diligence he sort of studied a little
bit like it used to be like that until
1987 the crash team 87 brought about the
plunge Protection Team of Reagan Robert
Rubin Alan Greenspan they started buying
and selling stock features in the open
market for the first time in American
history guiding the price of the Dow
Jones so nobody had to experience a down
day
and this is the beginning of the
collapse of the American economy into
anyway so you can't apply that to
everything in life there needs to it's
like Catholicism without hell okay you
need the good and the bad you need
capitalism to work both winners and
losers you can't bail out every single
bank that gets into trouble you can't
bail out every single corny capitalist
that needs free money you got to let the
system weed out the losers otherwise you
end up with you know a state controlled
state maintain price-fixing regime by
the state that resembles all failed such
experiments of the past why not just let
the free market be the free market well
here's Brian Quinton's and of course he
is a regulator he's at the CFTC and when
Quinta's marked in the interview that
bitcoin is absolutely clearly not a
security it is absolutely a commodity he
also said that the aforementioned
agencies and others should avoid
reducing the broader space to one type
of product in reality it's a very broad
array of innovative products that have
been created some are very simple some
are very complex some have utility
functions some have security like
features some have payments associated
with them or returns our ownership or
sure some could have voting rights you
get into a very murky landscape very
quickly as you go through the diversity
of the landscape here let me help this
fella understand what's going on you
know here in North America we are faced
with an invasion of the tigerfish not
just in North America but in Florida
particular in Florida in particular
because they released this fish that's
natural to another Asia of the world in
Asia it came in and it is now
devastating the ecosystem now bitcoin is
the tiger fish of money it entered into
an ecosystem dominated by the US dollar
fiat currency and it now is eating it
it's destroying it it's pushing it out
of the way and there's nothing you can
do about it and because it's it's it has
evolved it's a it's a quantum leap we
started talking about quantum physics
this is a you know electrons
they're in there in one orbit or another
there's no in-between it's you can't
land on a fraction okay it's it replaces
a corrupt broken system with a new
better system full stop
you can't do anything about it it's game
over you can try and and fumble around
and waste a lot of money but you know as
you will of course because that's your
nature but again like thee to use
another analogy of the frog and the
scorpion
you know the frog taking the scorpion
over the river and he says I'll do it
but don't sting me and sure enough the
scorpion sting the Frog and they both
drowned and the Frog says why did you do
it and he says because that's my nature
okay the crypto is gonna be here to stay
regulators will try to destroy it even
though it's stupid to do so because it's
their nature they don't have the
comprehensive abilities intellectually
to understand the seismic paradigm shift
that they are trying to deal with if my
god we're already at a time already what
well I think you mean lionfish not tiger
fish and they have no known predator in
the Caribbean they do in the Pacific
Ocean but not in the Caribbean so that
is part of the problem why it over
produced the same thing happened up
until the introduction of bitcoin is the
US dollar had no known predator and then
Bitcoin became the thank you for making
sense of my analogy okay so the
analogies been cleaned up in the
following way it's a lionfish and not
tiger fish there's no known predators
which is why they be dominance and Fiat
had no known predators up until bitcoin
is that it what we're saying I've
clarified I've decrypted your analogy
and at the same time cleaned up your
code which had misprinted tiger fish
rather than lionfish it's all so
wonderful
don't go away more coming your way stay
right there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time had a turn to Jameson
lop of Casa huddle or Hodel depending on
how you pronounce that Jameson welcome
back great to be here
all right first tell us about Casa
huddle sure yeah so we're just going by
Casa you know the problem is some
squatter has the Casa Twitter account so
Casa huddle on Twitter for now but in
general what we're trying to do is
facilitate the ability for people to be
their own Bitcoin bank and you know
we've been given this promise for so
many years that with Bitcoin you can be
your own bank but to be honest a lot of
people don't want to go to the trouble
of being their own bank so we've learned
a lot over the past few years you know
I've spent three years working at bit go
doing multi-sig enterprise hot wallets
and now I'm kind of transitioning to
focus on the individuals I think there's
a gap here where especially with the
price run ups over the years we have a
lot of extremely wealthy crypto people
in the space who are not doing their due
diligence to really be their own bank
and so alright so a lot of people want
to be their own bank now but they're not
engaging that D it's it's hard to do
right so you're trying to come to market
with a product or something that will
make that easier so how is it the
product is easier or how right so we
really want to make it as simple as
having an app on your mobile phone that
you're just following wizard
instructions and we're gonna enable the
security by having three of five
multi-sig wallet where most of those
keys are going to be on different
hardware wallets so you'll then have
your hardware wallets that you'll
geographically separate and have in
different secure locations and will be
providing full-service
best practice advice and you know phone
and email support if you have any
questions okay so this is a startup
exactly here in raleigh-durham area well
we are all over the place
right we have we have people in multiple
states around the United States okay so
well good luck with that we'll keep
close tabs on it let's talk about crypto
and Bitcoin in the big picture here so
2017 was the year of a theory am I see
is a great Bitcoin civil war which
resulted in the summer of fork not the
Summer of Love what do you have to look
forward to in 2018 a lot more of the
forking for sure in fact you know there
are some people who have said that we
could expect as many as 50 50 different
Bitcoin Forks as it becomes easier for
people to do that for the uninitiated
out there quickly a Bitcoin fork is what
we were specifically talking about is a
Bitcoin blockchain fork there have been
software Forks of Bitcoin for many years
but the idea being that you say you know
at a specific block height or specific
date we are going to create a new
divergent history of the Bitcoin
blockchain and everyone who had bitcoins
at that time now has the new tokens on
the new chain and you know you can
change any of the rules of the protocol
that you want to and that is resulted in
people doing a lot of very interesting
creative things and this of course as we
alluded to created a tremendous I would
say drama in 2017 the summer of 2017 and
the seem like the forces of quote
unquote good prevailed I guess that one
camp would say and which gave a segue
and as a result now we have the stage is
set for a lot of development coming
lightnings
snore signatures bulletproof simplicity
let's talk about these because this is
really some people would argue that the
crypto to look at most assiduously would
be the crypto with the best technology
and Bitcoin seems to attract the best
technologists and let's talk about these
things so lightning network is where's
the status of that what does it mean we
have progressed pretty far even just in
the past few months where now there's
actual usable lightning software where
you can either run on the test net or if
you're feeling particularly adventurous
you can actually run it on main that but
there are definitely still some bugs in
there that are needing to get fleshed
out so we're not recommending putting
you know actual value behind it yet but
you can you can go to Lightning Network
and see a lot of the development and
apps that people are building all right
snores signatures so that's a little bit
further out probably be at least a year
so before we see people actually using
it but that's going to be a really under
the hood thing where I think like the
average user isn't going to directly see
much from it we're gonna see more
efficiency gains basically from
individuals and people who are receiving
lots of transactions and then having to
spend all of those you TXO so it's
really just a consolidation of the
signatures to make the transactions more
compact use less block space and
therefore be cheaper on the fees so this
all kind of falls under the heading of
scaling and this is a bit of an ongoing
debate of the Bitcoin spaces not scaling
fast enough it's not scaling the way
people like it people create Forks they
don't like the way it's scaling you're
of the view that is scaling exactly as
it needs to scale there's no faster slow
to scaling it's scaling as it is it's
the the protocol was launched in January
of 2009 and it's doing exactly what it
we can expect it to do no more or less
is that is that a fair statement yeah I
mean I spent 10 years doing web app
development in specific specifically
like scaling problems and web apps and
and the way the scaling works is you you
become more popular and you hit some
bottlenecks that it hurts you know it's
painful and that's your incentive to
then make changes to make it more
scalable and this is a cycle that will
repeat over and over probably in
perpetuity
you know the way that encryption works
of course is that it's a lot easier to
create encryption than to decrypt right
shows a symmetry involved and this is
part of the reason this is really the
basis of the whole proof of work
algorithm but it's also can be said that
it's a lot easier to create a an altcoin
or a for coin than it is to create
Bitcoin in other words you see this so
is this an attack vector and in your
view in other words people can come out
lots of coins and lots of forex and it
gobbles up lots of cash on the sidelines
and it does it swamp this space does it
attract regulators does is it does it
stink in a way that's unhealthy Oh your
thoughts yeah I mean it has created a
branding war it's been a real brain
drain for a lot of people in the
community arguing about like what is the
real Bitcoin also from a technical
standpoint you know when I was working
at bit Co
it was causing a lot of developer drain
for us having to expend a lot of
resources to support various Forks and
you know it's unclear how the long-term
viability of those different things is
going to end up all right let's get back
to our list of scaling initiatives that
are coming down the road here
bulletproof that is going to give us
better privacy which I think a lot of
people have been waiting to see in
Bitcoin so we've had these various ideas
for things like confidential
transactions and then a Z cache for
example is doing their zero knowledge
proof but in general these these great
privacy advancements they have a lot of
bloat to them they require a lot of data
and of course with the block size being
restricted you want to use as little
data as possible bulletproof SAR going
to enable us to do these more privacy
centric signature schemes without
requiring huge transactions you know
2014 or so where a lot of the salt
calling this came in to being it was in
response to a lot of people believe of
the scaling issue in terms of the
slowness of scaling etc and so a lot of
coins that are focused on privacy you
mention Z cash they're a Manero even -
are these coins are these developments
going to such a cannibalize those coins
to a degree and because is there
anything that can be done in an altcoin
that can't be done on Bitcoin well from
a long-term standpoint technically you
know Bitcoin or any of these protocols
can theoretically be changed to do
anything of course we've seen the social
dynamics tend to make that a lot more
complicated but I can't say you know for
example Manero is already working on
implementing bulletproof because it's
going to be a huge advantage to their
efficiency litecoin of course brought
seg wit in first so you can argue
Charlie Lee and that those guys you know
they pushed the ball forward a lot of
ways and it showed it worked and it was
so there that was net I think a positive
thing that was done in the space let's
go down our list okay here's one member
Wimble I guess this is another Harry
a reference it is it is and and the the
project that's implementing mental
Wimble is actually called the grin
project and this is very exciting
cutting-edge stuff that I can't even
claim to fully understand myself but
suffice to say that they're really
rethinking a blockchain such that
they're they're targeting extreme
privacy and extreme scalability at the
same time which we haven't seen before
the easiest way to describe it is that a
block and member Wimble only really has
one transaction in it regardless of how
many people are transacting with each
other these are all second layer apps
member wimba will be its own separate
blockchain okay at the moment it's just
a test network so the name of the
company is gonna be castle huddle or
that is that the formal name of the
company just cus it's just cause to be
called cos on okay you're coming to this
from what you perceive to be the number
one issue for adoption I think or a big
issue for adoption and talking about
adoption now people are starting to get
a bit nervous about all the regulatory
heat that's coming on and we've said for
many years that Bitcoin to the
regulators you know drop dead that's
been our message it's self-regulating in
a sense and we're gonna it's like
another attack vector that needs to be
overcome because the regulator's after
all we're regulating all the banks in
2008 in the Genesis block it there's a
note right there
Chancellor on brink of second bailout
for banks so Bitcoin and the regulators
are essentially oil and water there's a
lot of ways where do you think we are in
this it is you know the regulator is
gonna burn themselves out trying to
regulate Bitcoin because they don't know
if they still don't understand that they
don't think that some call it commodity
summit currencies some of the currency
some a security they can't even decide
what it is are they going to burn
themselves out and we're gonna overcome
this hurdle Jameson well they can't I
don't know if it's that they can't
decide what it is I see it more as you
know every regulatory agency is going to
define these crypto assets and whatever
way but who's them
have the most control over you know
deciding how certain entities interact
with them so we're gonna see a lot of
regulation that is going to you know put
some pressure on the the custodians of
these assets so especially like the
exchanges or in in the case of ICS and
tokens whoever is issuing these new
possible securities and so we haven't
really seen I think any governments try
to regulate these protocols themselves
that would be interesting to see if they
actually go that far but I think that
they at least understand that you can't
regulate you know data or a protocol
they have to focus on regulating
specific people that are in their
jurisdiction right hence Satoshi
Nakamoto is anonymous and also we've
often said on many times that the
exchanges are kind of the vulnerability
the weak point the soul process and so
that that clearly this is where they're
starting to to to attack and I think
trends like Polonia axe which has now
been bought out by circle which is the
huge back back up by Goldman Sachs it
might portend a trend where the the big
banks decide to get into this business
by dominating those exchanges and then
they can go to work
kicking off coins that they don't like
okay stay for another segment you bet
all right well that's gonna do it for
this edition of the Kaiser report with
Max Keiser and Stacy Herbert like to
thank our guest Jamison lop he is with
Casa or Casa huddle depending if you
want to catch us on Twitter at Kaiser
report until next time bye y'all
