Russia has announced it's opened a
criminal investigation into the
attempted murder of Yulia scrap al the
daughter of the former Russian spy who
was also poisoned in the English city of
Salisbury Nadira Tudor is across the
story the Russian Investigative
Committee have decided to carry out
their own investigation so they've just
launched that in regard to the attempted
murder of ulis cripple she's a Russian
citizen and the daughter of the former
spy sergey skripnikov costume at and
made a statement russia has requested
that the substance London has be handed
over to Moscow as per the Chemical
Weapons Convention ratified by Russia
and the UK the fact that London told us
bluntly that the UK won't talk with
Russia is a clear violation of the
Convention which says that before a
state can act in any way it is obliged
to get in touch directly with the
country which it suspects is the origin
of a given toxic agent you can see
tensions arriving there and is adding
more fuel to the already raging
diplomatic Rao UK's Foreign Minister
Boris Johnson he's come out and even
gone as far to accuse President Putin of
being personally responsible for
ordering the murder of screw pile he
said he's almost over whelming Lee
likely behind the poisoning Moscow of
course responded to those comments
saying that they were shocking and
unforgivable but as it stands the
Russian Investigative Committee are
launching their own investigation how
they will do that when they will do that
if indeed they will be able to do that
given that they need the cooperation
from the British authorities we don't
know at the moment but we will of course
keep you updated
