ambassador thank you very much for
joining us at this obviously extremely
busy time for you I'd like to get
started with your reaction to the
measures that Teresa may announce did
you see them as too much given the
situation where they proportionate what
did you think when you heard the list
that she's announced of measures to
meeting first of all I want to say that
everything what was announced by the
British government and personally by
Prime Minister to resume isn't
acceptable unjustified and this really
hurts the russian british relations of
course the measures are very strong
because we're talking about the
expulsion of the 23 Russian diplomats
this is 40 percent of the diplomatic
staff of the embassy and of course it
will definitely make the activity of the
embassy quite difficult but this is the
new realities all these people have to
leave by the 21st of March they got only
one week and but this is life and the
the embassy will function as usual but
of course in the a little bit reduced
stuff what did you make comments we
heard UK defence secretary Gavin
Williamson speaking and he used quite
unusual I would say language for
diplomacy where he talks about Russia
needing to go away and as he put it shut
up do you think this is conducive to the
situation or is this kind of how things
will be from now on
no well it's difficult to say but I have
some reservations about the political
culture and the way how discussion is
going on and of course the way how the
Minister of Defense is putting his views
well quite quite surprising for us but
this is the new reality new political
culture in in the in the United Kingdom
but we hear this kind of statements you
know all the time in the parliament from
the British officials for the for the
Russian ear it's and for the
any diplomat in the world it's a little
bit shocking but when you leave here in
London you know for a while you know you
can get used to this when you first
learned of this story because it this is
only going on for just over a week now
and it seems to have snow balled so much
and events unraveled so quickly when you
first heard of you know this story with
a double agent and his daughter did you
expect this to this come to this kind of
breaking point that situation when it
was said that there's a connection to
Russia did you foresee that it would
come to this kind of crescendo once we
got the information from the media about
that accident with the poisoning of two
Russian citizens we immediately
requested the the Foreign Office to give
us the details what happened you know
where the investigation stands you know
what are the reports of the police but
almost you know less than 12 hours we
heard the statement of Foreign Secretary
Boris Johnson who said that this is who
blamed Russia for everything what's
happened in Salisbury and for us that
that's you know that's really you know
surprised me because you know the
investigations just started and the the
member of the the the government is
blaming the other states it's quite as
serious let's say blame without any
evidence and I was really surprised then
I had a meeting with the the Boris
Johnson I was summoned to the Foreign
Office and so I got the I mean my
country got the ultimatum and this is
first and the second of course we were
blamed that everything would happen
there this is this is the responsibility
of Russia
so the ultimatum was very simple you
know 24 hours and we have to answer
basically to two questions the first
question is we have to confirm or deny
that the that let's say substance and
Boris Johnson put it this is the under
the British classification this is a two
three four so basically this is based on
their calculations this is the name of
that substance because we don't have any
let's say access to this substance
that's why we have to trust the
classification of the of the British so
Boris Johnson said we have to either
confirm or deny that that somehow we
mismanaged this kind of substance the
stockpiles and the second one that was
the question whether whatever if the
first answer will be negative the the
the second question is we have to
acknowledge that this is the Russian
aggression you know this is the Russian
who did it next day we gave an official
that we sent the official note and there
were two points there the first one of
course we're not ready to discuss all
these things in a way of the ultimatum
and of course you know Russia is not the
country which is ready to talk this way
this is first second we pointed out to
their British counterparts that in order
if they have any questions or let's say
any information they have to deal in
accordance with international law Russia
and UK are the members of the
organization for prohibition of the
chemical weapons and there are under
article 9 paragraph two there are
procedures in case you have any
suspicions you have to apply to this
organization officially and ask for the
consultations with the specific
countries with whom you have this kind
of suspicions and then you you have to
get the answer within the ten days or
maybe earlier and if you are not
satisfied with the answer then you have
special procedures where the
organization itself or will be switched
to this process
so the instead of that the British side
decided just to talk to us
you know in a way of the ultimatums and
so this is the way this is the way how
they are behaving just to clarify for
those who don't know both Britain and
Russia are part of that organization
yeah that's right so this would be
normal protocol under the these
circumstances that there's an official
request filed in ten days are given
that's right so this is the official
procedure and we all like all the
members of that organizations I
subscribed on that but since we were
blamed that this under the British
classification agent a two three four is
the Russian origin
we asked the British side officially by
note to share the samples of that in
order to make our own conclusions and we
were denied so that gives that gave us
additional suspicions about the reason
given as to what they said just know
we're not going to give you anything and
Boris Johnson has said that they are
going to send a sample to the OPCW but
not that was later that was later
so basically of course were welcome to
let's say to send this to the
organisation but still I just spoke to
our ambassador to this organisation and
he said that so far the organisation
didn't get any formal requests from the
British side it means that I don't know
how they're going to act but for the
time being no official procedure was
launched and this is another let's say
very suspicious behavior of the British
side so all the investigation about the
scruple is classified we don't have any
information we don't have any access
nobody saw even the pictures of that
people in a hospital what are they alive
or maybe they are just in a good health
so nobody talked to the doctors you know
there is absolutely no transparency in
this case and this is worries us but by
the way under the international law and
the Vienna Convention we have to get the
access to these people use their Russian
citizens and we're also being denied so
basically
Britain doesn't respect the
international law and the way how
they're behaving it's is just puts a lot
of questions what did you make of some
of the media coverage of this Astoria
because obviously if anti-russia moods
if you can put it that way have been
prevalent for quite some time so when
this story happened were you surprised
to see the way it unraveled given the
investigation is still going on and the
police have not made any official
statements in terms of pointing fingers
quite yet the launch was made by after
the speech of Boris Johnson that was the
next day so immediately under the
command you know of the of the Foreign
Secretary we got all this media reports
without any evidence if you read the
British newspapers you will see that
there are no evidence this is this is
first at the beginning of this campaign
we heard two things quite interesting
the first one the were calls that the
license of the RT should be revoked and
the second one that the well there were
promises in the Parliament to launch the
cyber attack against Russia so basically
there was a strong reaction from the
Russian side about the presence of the
RT in the UK but what is interesting we
officially requested the explanations
about the plans of the Britain to launch
the cyber attack it's a real cyber
attack against the country it's it's the
act of war and first of all we didn't
get the official answer to this note and
somehow two days ago that now let's say
that topic disappeared from the British
newspapers and from any statements from
the in the parliament so basically I
think that the British side decided that
was too much so two things RT and the
cyber attack disappears from the
disappeared from the British media so
this is this is the answer to your
question what do you make of some of the
current terminology being used
Teresa may Boris Johnson she's used the
words highly likely that got a lot of
traction he today said when asked how
certain he is that Russia's behind this
on a scale from one to 10 he said nine
point ninety eight yet he's also said
there's overwhelming evidence that
points at Russia do you think given the
gravity of the accusations and the
consequences that are clearly already
following in this story there should
just be more certainty provided I'll
tell you this is this is quite a trick
because when you don't have evidence
when you don't have any proofs you have
to use the word likely probably maybe
because the British side cannot provide
any information they cannot provide any
access to the investigation that's why
in order to say you something for sure
you have to present the evidence and
they cannot do this but then why would
they go so far with these kinds of
measures that are being put in place I
think this is the if you look back to
the policy of the UK you will find that
the Britain in new circumstances is
trying to find its new place in the
let's say even in the Western society
because they are leaving you and
everything what is left you know I'm not
talking about the United Nations but the
key organization this is NATO and
Britain's trying to find the place and
this place they found on so-called anti
Russian campaign and the the way how
what they want to deter Russia that's
why we have seen a year ago in the new
concept of national security where
Russia was named as the major enemy to
Britain then there was a banquet speech
where we were basically got the
confirmation that whether the the enemy
and there is a one more reason for let's
say diverting the attention of the
British public is this is the brexit
because
the situation is where the negotiations
is not so easy in this country and
Britain is who definitely has has to
find the solutions with the European
Union
and for the time being I don't see any
results from the from the negotiations
and they have in order to divert the
attention from the brexit they have to
let's say to present something to the
public that could move a little bit to
the other side
and that's a great possibility to launch
this anti Russian campaign anti-russian
attack and so this is this is this is
the scenario which was written in London
but but from my point of view this is a
very short-sighted scenario because in
the long run Britain have to explain
what is behind all these things and
Salisbury I think they have to explain
what they're doing in this secret
chemical laboratory which is eight miles
from from the from the Salisbury where
where they investigated that's substance
based on their let's say information on
their samples based on the certain
standards they have and this I think
this would be the question that they
have to clarify in the organisation for
proliferation of the chemical weapons
because everything what is being said
today looks for us very suspicious just
to go back for a little bit to the
relationship between Russia and the UK
now where where does it go from here
because we've seen in recent months
especially with some of the accusations
flying around people have been asking is
this kind of new Cold War today
Williamson was asked about this and he
said he didn't use the term cold war but
he said extremely extremely chilly where
does the relationship go from here and
where would Russia like it to go from
here this week and then moving forward
and what would it take
- for this kind of gridlock to move
somewhere well if you look at the
concept of the Russian foreign policy
and everything what we did all these
years the major task for us is the
create favorable conditions for the
development of my country so this is the
way how we are putting all the relations
with all the other countries by the way
if you look at the the world you'll find
that maybe something like woody hundred
twenty countries we don't have a visa
regime so we want to have the friendly
relations so that was the goal of course
of our policy with the UK and that was
the job of any ambassador including me
and so all these years despite the
difficulties that we have heard Britain
we try to find the opportunities for the
political dialogue and we created the
right formats you know like the Minister
and the Minister of Defense format you
know the weather was active
participation in the political life
during the Olympic Games here so we try
to promote the economic relations and
you know business in business is our
ally here because you know they simply
don't understand what's happening you
know with the government but they have
limited influence on them so culture
science you know everybody's interested
and probably the political let's say
so-called deep state so they are putting
the policy that we're witnessing so
basically there will be there will be
approach will be very simple we first of
all we want to clarify all the questions
that are behind this kind of a
provocation this is exactly what we see
this is first and then we'll see what
are the other possibilities because we
have to influence Britain Britain is the
permanent member of the Security Council
and we're interested to hear our views
and what we want to
influence on the British policy and in
order to to have this influence you have
to have the mechanisms that's why that's
why that's why our policy will be let's
say quite balanced we have strategic
patience but we will never allow to talk
to us in a social language as you just
heard from the Minister of Defence this
is not our language so we are right we
know what we're doing as terrorism we
said and the time will come when the
people of Britain will understand that
they have maybe to have another
government who will who also in other
people who will have a better policy
towards Russia in our bilateral
relations we are always open for any
constructive cooperation because as I
said our task is to create as favorable
conditions for my country to development
of this country because we're busy with
our own economy so we're not going to
put anybody as the enemy or something
it's it's not our policy but we have
strategic patience Britain is facing
quite a serious steps on our side on two
dimensions on two directions the first
one of course will will demand to answer
all our notes and official requests so
we're talking about the get samples of
that a two three four and that the
British classification this is the
poison as they put it this is we have to
get the access to the to this family of
scruple by the way we asked the axis and
so console access to the to the another
gentleman who died here he is a Russian
citizen mr. Gustave and the
circumstances are very suspicious so we
will get all the answers from the
British side in the organization for the
proliferation of the chemical
weapons will get access to the old
investigation that they are doing and of
course I am quite sure that we'll get
all the results it's it's not just a
one-day story it's not a media story but
at the end of the day we'll clarify the
whole situation with the policy of
Britain so that's why we are confident
that's why we know that we are right and
we believe this is the right direction
of work with the British but it should
be done in a legal way not just the
media and of course I think that a will
I hope that will put the British to the
table of not the negotiation so it is
the conversation because for the time
being you know the XK escaping of doing
this
