results the trenches to overstate the
delegate malik see in Kichijoji first
Attica miss apartment algae in the
chemistry country yes
cooperation agreement in the fertilizer
sector between investment force agro and
Indian potash limited to be exchanged on
the Russian side by mr. Carroll the
metruff DG Russian direct investment
fund and mr. Android Korea CEO force I
grow and on the Indian side by our
ambassador to Russia Ashley D P
Venkateshwara
excellencies ladies and gentlemen I'm
also pleased to report that following
the summit negotiations President Putin
and prof. and Prime Minister Modi ji
both sides have adopted the joint
statement Russia India an enduring
partnership in a changing world
excellencies this concludes the signing
an exchange ceremony I now request the
spokesperson of the restriction Affairs
to conduct the proceedings I welcome you
all to this press event to begin the
proceedings may request the Honorable
Prime Minister of India Sri Narendra
Modi ji to deliver his statement to the
media or Merrigan is Dmytro while they
made on the morovich routine da notation
gas and money opportunity Excellency
President of Russia meeting honorable
delegates representatives of the two
states good afternoon to all of you
for me it is a great honor and pleasure
to welcome President Putin and his
delegation here at the 19th annual
summit we welcome President Russia and
this is the country with which we have
unprecedented bonds very close ties very
good relations
moreover Putin's personal contribution
cannot be exaggerated those who present
during our meetings in Sochi can
remember well and I remember it well too
that this that was a special meeting
which helped us to move forward we had
very frank exchange of opinions your
excellency India faced utmost attention
to ties with Russia in this changing
world our relations matter as never
before
and these 19th annual meeting gives an
additional impetus to our work to our
cooperation for the sake of our
privileged partnership this meeting
has also been adding flesh to our
cooperation and many international
issues your visit allowed us to outline
further steps you should be taking
within that framework of our strategic
partnership decisions made today and
agreements were reached with you also be
giving us more opportunities to move
forward to progress we cooperate in the
field of trade investments peaceful use
of nuclear energy and solar energy as
well we cooperate in the field of
technologies also have a very good
economic ties across all spheres where
we work hand-in-hand space on high seas
we will be doing our best to diversify
our relations and put them on to a new
level
indeed we've already made our relations
bigger than something traditional for
relations between the two countries
we've been reinforcing the very pillars
of our ties Russia at all has been
standing shoulder to shoulder with India
in the energy sector in our new goals
one of them has to do with space to send
an Indian cosmonaut to space and I rely
on Russia in that I hope that Russia
will help us to achieve that goal
together we've discussed many innovative
ideas and projects projects designed by
the most talented children from India
from Russian both countries closely
intertwined when it comes to cooperation
in many areas
soon we'll be participating in the world
Russian business summit which will
gather together over 200 businessman
from India India and Russia have a very
frank kind of cooperation in the series
which meet the interests of both
countries we discussed matters which
have to do with these questions together
today
Indian Russia believe that the
multipolar world and the multipolar
relations should be reinforced in this
world of changes that is in the
interests of both states from states
seek to fight terrorism seek to solve
crises in Afghanistan and fight climate
change we've cooperated many platforms
such as the SCO and such multilateral
organizations as g20 and hacen as for
international organisations we should
continue our mutually beneficial work
coordinating our actions in the
international arena we been impressed to
see what steps mr. Putin made to develop
the Far East of Russia India is ready to
cooperate with Russia to develop this
region
we have all the necessary opportunities
to accelerate our cooperation trade
which would be bringing more stability
to our world of challenges we have very
strong relations India and Russia we act
rely on goodwill and good relation
between the peoples of the two countries
today we'll discuss the measures which
can make it possible to enhance
people-to-people relations and increase
the awareness that the two countries are
friends and people can be friends too
this is going to be foundation for
genuinely friendly relations even more
than today that friendship between India
and Russia is by itself a unique kind of
bond I'm sure that thanks to mr. Putin's
readiness to continue developing these
relations these cooperation will not be
diminishing the two countries will be
increasingly closer and our privilege
unique strategic partnership will be on
a whole new level
soon thank you very much mr. president
mr. Prime Minister members of the
delegation it's always a pleasure to
come to India
because we know that we've be be always
welcomed wholeheartedly in an atmosphere
of friendly cooperation historically
there have been very close ties between
us our peoples developed the working
life in to watch each other during the
working visit with mr. Modi and I'm very
thankful for you for that sign of
friendship you've gave us the
opportunity to talk in this very close
four month and discuss important and
relevant topics on the agenda such as
the cooperation between Russian India
outlining new steps to be taken and
today in a narrow circle and then with
the participation of all the relation
members who discussed the key victories
of our cooperation we had detailed
negotiations and talks on the whole
array of our projects and cooperation
areas we discussed regional and global
issues without to the joint statement
which reflects almost all aspects of our
cooperation outlined those major plans
or the sign and number as an important
intergovernmental into ministerial
meetings document cement further develop
our choice in many sectors in many areas
also discuss trade and investments
because we are seeking to develop our
trade
Cree's investments we've had increasing
the trade by the year 2025 with a level
of 30 billions while the investments
expected to rise to level of 15 billion
dollars the last year we've seen 21
percent equals rise in trade and this
month we added to 20 percent more we
will be keeping that base will not only
meet the target we will out reach the
target will go further than expected
Russian and Indian businesses are in
close contact the implement major joint
projects Indian delegation participated
in the work or the same pictures
becoming forum and the Far East forum
and it is a pleasure for me to again
invite Prime Minister to the next year's
lady with stock form as the prime guess
it will take place in September and you
daily participating the work the annual
forum will be attending the sessions of
this forum discussing financial issues
and Economic Cooperation the energy has
been the topic we paid a lot of
attention to positively assess the
implementation of the inter-ministerial
me agreement on cooperation in that
field Russia is reliable supplier of
hydrocarbons we are working on a number
of contracts free gas from Rosneft
companies ensuring steady supply of
energy resources to India in the imports
Russian liquefied natural gas which is
coming from Sakhalin 1 and India has a
20% share in that company which sent the
first delivery of the
renji as per the agreement we also
welcome the interest of Indian companies
as they wanted to be increasingly
involved in doing business in Russia in
the Far East we have a number of
programs such as the Far East the
financial gas project and other projects
which have to do with the development of
resources in Siberia Jamal and the
continental shelf of Russia discussed
the construction of the NPP call that is
good good uncle on NPP its first units
have been almost working in full swing
we're now discussing the construction of
the fifth and the six units according to
the arrangement we made in the field of
high technologies in India in the
upcoming 20 years 12 units will be
constructed we also discuss deepening
our ties in the fields of investments
and industry cooperation we discussed
machine engineering metals agriculture
healthcare from a suta khals by
biotechnological and by chemical project
I think we have a lot of opportunities
to launch major infrastructure projects
Russian railroads is ready to join the
project to organize modern railroad
infrastructure in India Russia will be
helping our Indian partner Steve carry
out their space programs Roscosmos
aridity health kickstart indian manned
space program discussed in detail our
military and technical cooperation
throughout the years Russia and India
have been successfully cooperating in
that area between our countries we see
truly close mutually beneficial
relations which are an indispensable
part of our strategic partnership the
mutual technical cooperation is not only
about deals we work together producing
military
an equipment we have constant contact
between the general staffs of our
countries and ministries of Defense we
work on enhancing the operational combat
readiness of our troops for the first
time we've seen the participation of
Indian troops in Russian military
exercises the peaceful mission 2018
Indian troops take part in Russian
military games the tank by flan as well
as the competition and exercises by the
mounting troops of Russia this is an
important part of our relations Russia
and India have always been taking
interest in the cultures and spiritual
heritage of each other and the testimony
to that fact is the Russian Indian
cultural festival which is taking place
across 22 countries also in India there
will be festival Russian culture all
these events will bring our peoples
together even closer than they are today
in Russia over 10,000 the Indians are
acquiring higher education on the annual
basis we've been granting education for
your church to over 100 Indians in 2017
India has been visited by over 220,000
Russians we Russia and India have closed
or similar approaches towards many
international and regional issues in
that context we have greed to enhance
the quality of our cooperation working
hand-in-hand on many international
platforms such as the United Nations g20
the SCO and BRICS will be reinforcing
security and cooperation in Asia
fighting to give the many challenges of
today such as international terrorism
drug trafficking trans-border crime we
touched upon such matters as the revival
of the economy and but in stability to
Afghanistan discussing our opinions
now assessments association in the
middle east i briefed my counterpart on
the station in syria we discuss
situation which has been created as a
result of the unilateral u.s. decision
to withdraw from the joint comprehensive
deal on Iran and in fact we should like
to thank Sachs 20 Prime Minister and all
our friends from India for a very
detailed and constructive talks I am
sure that the outcomes will serve to
further enhance our strategic
partnership reinforcing the bonds of
friendship between our peoples as that's
been said we'll meet with members of the
business circles and talented Indian
children and Russian children from the
serious educational center who invited
to come to India by his Excellency Prime
Minister and I also meet up with the
President of the Republic / Minister
suggested an AMA a number of other major
initiatives to renew the publishing of
Russian and Indian books chief some
other goals we've discussed today which
have to do with the field of the
humanitarian work these are very
important projects we welcome these
initiatives and direct people-to-people
contacts will be facilitating the
reinforcement of friendship between the
peoples between the countries Russia and
India thank you for your attention
