significant development italia boat from
the syrian enclave of eastern goethe
eleven thousand civilians is said to
have escaped the rebel controlled area
via a humanitarian corridor that's been
established by Russia and Syria got
latest pictures that have come in today
from that area earlier on obviously the
Russian Defense Ministry Center for
reconciliation in Syria believes up to
13,000 people will have got out of there
via that escape by midnight tonight this
is the latest Syrian government nation
initiative to try and evacuate civilians
from that embattled region many people
till now had been unable to leave as the
militants had reportedly been shelling
the humanitarian corridor that had been
established there with the latest from
there RT arabic correspondent Wafaa sir
Bruni now reporting from eastern guter
thousands of civilians are only being
good or right now by the humanitarian
character you can see behind me the
passage has been recently opened by
Syrian forces it's allowing crowds of
civilians many of them are children to
leave in battle area people are coming
from different districts of gouta many
civilians were telling about the
suffering they face for militants they
also said they were previously prevented
from fleeing we left eastern Goethe it
was so difficult when we tried to leave
earlier we were not allowed as it was
controlled by terrorists the army
advanced on the town and asked us to
leave thank God we are safe and sound
and we have arrived here Eastern gu2
which is close to the capital Damascus
came under rebel control back in 2012
since then forces have been trying to
recapture the area I'm fighting
intensified there last month the
militant has been trying to divide
they've been driven rather into three
pockets now you can just see it
animating over my shoulder there that's
the state of play at the moment
logistically the Syrian government now
holds large parts of that territory but
a situation for civilians trapped in the
embattled areas remains dire people have
been calling a crossfire and there are
still big shortages of food and supplies
let's get the latest from the Red
Cross's regional spokesperson Ralf our
Hajj joining us on the line hey now
you're busy thanks very much for taking
the time out it seems that thousands of
people despite being a slow start here
will have got out it has it been a
success this you
Taron corridor as you're seeing it at
last good evening to you Kevin and to
your viewers well we're glad that some
people were able to come out safely
what's important today in any
humanitarian corridor with regards to
civilians inside is that they are
allowed to leave and they are not
targeted and they are allowed to leave
safely if they wish to do so and if they
wish to stay in there at their homes in
eastern rota they also have the right
for protection and safety that they are
not targeted from any of the parties
yeah do you have any details to suggest
how this evacuation is going tonight is
there any more I mean this has been is
explain to our viewers a little bit more
about why midnight tonight is important
or will this corridor remain open
tomorrow what is the latest there on the
ground logistically we'd like to note
that the International Committee of the
Red Cross is not part of or is not part
of the facilitation process of the
humanitarian corridor we were not
approached by the parties to help in the
evacuation of the civilians therefore we
are not present there today however
today we were present in eastern rota in
Duma particularly and how the president
of the of the International Committee of
the Red Cross was there on the ground
overseeing an operation delivering
humanitarian aid to over 25,000 people
inside the Duma successfully we have
been able to complete this operation and
now the warehouses of the Syrian Arab
Red Crescent in Duma are full of minute
Arian aid that we were able to offload
from the trucks and load into the
warehouses I mean that was a step
forward in itself because that was so
badly needed just just a week or two ago
wasn't it are you confident you're gonna
be able to distribute all that stuff
there I guess some of its perishable
goods are you gonna be able to get it
out to every need in time for those
warehouses
hopefully our colleagues at the Syrian
Arab Red Crescent in Duma will be able
to distribute these humanitarian
packages to the people inside
we are hopeful and we we keep on calling
that that the International and attend
international humanitarian organizations
are allowed again and repeatedly inside
Eastern rota in Duma and other places to
be able to deliver humanitarian aid
however so far we have no information on
when we will be allowed again once the
parties agree to allow us to enter again
to deliver humanitarian aid most relief
restrictive you trying to do what you
are doing they had the best for people
day and they thank you for your time
thank you for the update appreciated it
raffle Hajj the Red Cross regional
spokesperson
