we continue our tour of the roof of the
world in d ching tibetan autonomous
prefecture of the yunnan province in
2011 the chinese government came up with
a creative way to attract visitors Zhang
Dian County home to the ancient Tibetan
Duke song was renamed its new name the
shangri-la comes from James Hilton's
novel Lost Horizon
in the fictional story travelers end up
in a mysterious country shangri-la after
a plane crash the loss of personal
mystics had been searching for this
country and the renaming worked in just
a few years a tiny town with several
thousands of residents were turned into
a major tourist attraction and the main
gateway to Lhasa
restaurants upscale hotels and other
tourist infrastructure facilities were
built in the city foreigners don't come
here often but shangri-la is very
popular with the Chinese who come here
to learn about Tibetan culture
but most of shangri-la's landmarks are
outside the city limits
pas de croo au National Park is 35
kilometers northwest of the city here
you'll find the largest and arguably the
most beautiful lake in Yunnan Province
judo
the lake is at 3705 metres above sea
level and is famous for its clear water
it is so clear that you can see shoals
of gold fish shoo-doo is surrounded by
fir trees and these woods are full of
wildlife
tourists are advised not step away from
the trails
hundreds of Tibetans live in the reserve
their yaks goats and sheep graze the
pasture lands there are several
picturesque trails that you can walk or
travel on horseback and get acquainted
with the Tibetan way of life
but the main tourist attraction here are
the mountains of course there is even a
Grand Canyon in this area the
construction of the road to the canyon
was financed by private investors the
owner of the bay led song national park
is from a village that has the same name
he left this area when he was just a
child but after making a lot of money he
came back and invested millions into his
village he greeted us at the entrance to
the hotel and cultural center when
greeting a visitor and sabatons put a
kata on the neck a traditional
ceremonial scarf
Tibet's Akata is presented during
special occasions as a good luck charm
when saying hello or goodbye or as a
reward and it's also used to appease
Lamas and Saints during prayers
the hotel is located right here in the
canyon colorful prayer flags connected
to the top you will see these flags in
all Buddhist towns Buddhists say that
prayer flags are conduits of high energy
in the physical world and they incarnate
one of the great elements a limitless
space
these man-made cloths are also material
representations of other great elements
and mighty mountains clear waters of
rivers and lakes dancing flames and
endless blue skies Buddhists say that
the cloths are supposed to transform our
experience of reality an immerses in
contemplation
so we can move beyond our human mind and
get in touch with our true nature
according to an ancient Tibetan
tradition that was established thousands
of years ago prayers mantras and sacred
symbols pictured on these flags create a
spiritual vibration which is transferred
by the wind
Bailey's song is the most picturesque
village that got its name from a holy
Buddhist mountain the 5000 meter high
gazonga it's summon looks like a stupa
goodness described magic powers to
stupas they help people bring harmony
into their lives
and cleanse themselves from
transgressions and become virtuous one
Buddhist ritual includes walking around
a stupa following the Sun usually
worshipers makes several rounds lamas
for example can make 108 at a go
some houses in Balak song are open to
everyone you can look around inside and
also have a cup of famous Chinese team
another must-see place in Yunnan
Province is tiger leaping gorge a scenic
Canyon on the Yangtze River in the
Hangzhou and mountains around 15
kilometers in length the gorge is
located where the river passes between
the jade dragon snow mountain and the
Hobart snow mountain in a series of
Rapids under steep 2000 meter high
cliffs
the tiger leaping gorge is one of the
deepest in the world and attracts
rafting fans from all over but even if
you are not into such extreme activities
you will still enjoy the trip because
you will find some of the most scenic
trails along the gorge
legend says that in order to escape from
a hunter a tiger jumped across the river
at the narrowest point which is still 30
meters wide hence the name and there is
a giant rock in the middle of the river
corridor
at the end of our trip we come back to
shangri-la there's a celebration at the
central arena marking the 60th
anniversary of the D Ching tibetan
autonomous prefecture we're the only
foreign journalists lucky enough to
attend the festival
the Chinese love festivities thousands
of people take part in these events
simultaneously they were re-enacting the
history of the province paying tribute
to the people who invested in its future
the show lasted almost two hours as we
exit the arena we dive into a pool of
colors the beauty of local nature is
expressed through the bright colors of
traditional dress this brings our
virtual tour of Tibetan counties in
China to a close see you later
as we travel more with our tea 360
