London says Russia should shut up and go
away and says it will boost Britain's
military in response to the poisoning of
Sergey scruple and his daughter what we
will do is we will look at what Russia
how Russia responds to what we have done
it is absolutely atrocious troche as'
and outrageous what Russia did in
Salisbury we have responded to that
frankly Russia should go away it should
shut up well I see London now an artis
an associate reckoner for more details
and nastya we're hearing some toast
language coming from the UK here what
else is happening well Nicky the
situation is really beginning to feel a
little bit surreal to say the least this
kind of language is really unusual in
the world of diplomacy and big world
politics if you ever expect to be taken
seriously and certainly this doesn't
seem to be the kind of situation where
this kind of language is going to be
productive on any level but that said
this was indeed a speech being given by
the UK defence secretary addressing the
situation that has been unraveling here
with a script Paul case of course the
major diplomatic standoff going on he
was at one point asked whether or not he
thinks that the relationship between
Russia and the UK is back to a Cold War
scenario he has said that well he hasn't
used those particular words but he said
it's exceptionally exceptionally chilly
and certainly with words like Russia
should go away and shut up it's quite
unlikely that this relationship is going
to be warming up in the time to come
that said Gavin Williamson also talked
about Kremlin ripping apart the
International rulebook doing things like
using social media to muddy the waters
he's talked about its reckless attack on
Salisbury and of course used this
opportunity to talk about how the UK is
going to be investing 48 million pounds
into a new defense centre so the timing
is good for those purposes there and how
it's going to be modernizing its defence
programme well taking that speech into
account we've also been hearing from
Boris Johnson given these latest
developments he has said at some point
looking about how sure he is about
whether Russia was behind the incident
he used the words that on a scale from
one to ten he's nine point ninety eight
percent sure which is quite funny given
the seriousness of the allegations being
brought against Russia he's also said
that the response is proportionate and
that Russia has been acting with as he's
described it's smug sarcasm now he's
also said that the UK is going to be
sending a sample of the nerve agent
that's understood to be have been used
against Sergei scruple and his daughter
to the organization for prohibition of
chemical weapons which Russia is also a
member of and despite it having asked
for the sample to be provided to Moscow
as well so it could take a look at what
it is and analyze it that's not
happening but it's going to the
organization and we do know that Theresa
May is meant to be going to Salisbury
later in the day to meet with members of
the public and with all of this going on
we do know that of course Russia and the
foreign ministry have been saying that
they would still like to have seen the
original of the substance being talked
about and of course Russian Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Moscow
will definitely expel British diplomats
which is normal the normal route to take
it's a quid pro quo kind of scenario
usually in situations like this and this
will happen very soon so a lots going on
here and we're obviously still going to
be watching the story that is continuing
to unravel we appreciate that that's
nasty enough to see a turkey night in
London speaking to his live at there
