grabbing a coffee and a snack on the go
in the u.s. used to be straightforward
but there have been a few cases where
cafes have kicked customers aren't if
their views don't chime with the owners
even police officers are being turned
away a Samira Khan explains donut and a
coffee your cliche stereotype when it
comes to American cops but at one
Auckland cafe they're not likely to get
either the Austin where take coffee shop
has refused to serve police claiming
that their presence threatens emotional
and physical safety we know in our
experience working on campaigns against
police brutality that we are not alone
in saying that police presence
compromises our feeling of physical
emotional safety the local police
department responded saying that this
would serve as a teaching moment to
practice actual tolerance I think their
position is very clear that they don't
want the police in there
and I can respect that if they do call
the police for any need we're going to
give them the same level of service as
anyone else regardless of their position
you might not expect police to be
targeted but it follows a pattern at
least for groups that haven't actually
experienced discrimination before
for example a gay owned Seattle coffee
shop kicked out Christian activists who
are handing out anti-abortion leaflets
and they weren't asked nicely
so are you denying a service come here a
gay couple face similar treatment from a
Christian own bakery who refused to sell
them a wedding cake saying it would
violate freedom of expression and it
turns out political affiliations can
also make you a victim of discrimination
Republicans and Trump supporters aren't
welcome at certain places like this one
New York coffee shop
where are your customers we bought some
things and since it's usually minorities
being discriminated against police
conservatives Republicans might be
surprised it's happening to them as well
some would argue that it serves them
right but others believe the oppressed
shouldn't become the oppressor Samira
Khan artis Washington DC
