so the escalating diplomatic crisis over
the sergey skripnikov breaching the
International Chemical Weapons
Convention
that's after London called for an
emergency meeting of the UN Security
Council over the Russian double agents
poisoning in Britain mr. president from
all of this we can conclude that Russia
is in serious breach of the Chemical
Weapons Convention through its failure
to declare the Navi shock program this
fact alone means you should discount any
arguments you hear about the possibility
of other countries having inherited this
technology after we heard the words from
the UK ambassador who had called this
emergency meeting of the 15 member body
that leads the United Nations we then
heard from the US ambassador nikki Haley
now in her remarks she emphasized this
special relationship between the United
States and the United Kingdom and from
there she went on to fit the allegations
against Russia
in with a broader narrative she talked
about Syria she talked about North Korea
she talked about previous Security
Council meetings and it was rather
heated words we heard not just from the
UK ambassador but then from nikki Haley
representing the United States a growing
concern in all of this dangerous and
destabilizing activity is Russia Russia
failed to ensure Syria destroyed its
chemical weapons program Russia killed
the joint investigative mechanism when
it found Assad liable for chemical
attacks Russia used its veto to shield
aside five times last year
it has also provided cover for Syria in
The Hague at the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons in
response to the heated words from the
United States and the United Kingdom
we heard from the Russian ambassador and
he responded on a number of levels one
of his points that he made was he
pointed out that Russia has actually
given up its chemical weapons and that
the OPCW has confirmed that Russia no
longer possesses chemical weapons from
there he invoked the memory of when
Colin Powell
presenting United States and rest that
very body the UN Security Council
holding of vials of powder that he said
were chemical weapons from Iraq he
reminded the council and pointed out
that at this point now we have the
United Kingdom coming with simply a
letter and that that there seems to be a
history of rather unsubstantiated
allegations against different countries
regarding chemical weapons and weapons
of mass destruction from the United
States in the UK this is the Russian
representative responding to the words
from the US and the UK was the vasila
demon we're living in a very special
time in front of our eyes incredible
things are happening the process of
replacing the presumption of innocence
for the presumption of guilt is taking
place this criminal law principle is
being transferred into international
relations and we Haley as an experienced
chemist has talked about crimes
committed by Russia we've known for
years that for you in order to determine
the guilty party no investigation is
needed today the best kind of proof is
suspicious it is no longer necessary to
show to the council white tubes with an
unknown white substance in it it's
enough to send a letter displaying an
egregious attitude towards a sovereign
state from there the Russian ambassador
went on to call for a thorough
investigation of the incident and
determine exactly who is to blame and
what happened and he called for this to
be done through the existing
international mechanisms to find out who
is absolutely responsible and he
reassured the Security Council that
Russia was more than happy to cooperate
with this proper investigation to
determine who is responsible for the
attack however he was very clear that he
did not approve of the heated words and
allegations from the UK and the United
States before the council and that
Russia just like other countries wants
to get to the bottom of what exactly
happened in Salisbury
we spent a Ken Livingstone the former
Mayor of London he believes judgment
should only be made after the police
finished their inquiry well we are at
the beginning of our local election
campaign and the Tory party is very far
behind in the polls so I think the way
this has been exploited in the mede
endless coverage of our prime minister
taking this strong and stable sand up
against Putin and Russia may very well
and this may be a big part of it
politics is a dirty old game and I think
the simple way this has been a mad rush
to make all these decisions I we should
be waiting for the full police inquiry
to come up with a report but you have to
ask one thing if Russia wanted to kill
this man they could have killed him when
he was a prisoner in Russia why if they
waited this long and why use a chemical
weapon that makes it look definitely as
though Russia is behind us so many
simpler easier ways of killing someone
without leaving all these fingerprints
all over it
early a UK prime minister to reason may
announce that Britain would expel 23
Russian diplomats and suspend all
scheduled bilateral meetings with Russia
now RT Telesis said turkey now has the
details from London well the British
prime minister has said that Russia is
culpable of attempted murder and among
the measures that the UK is now taking
is the expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats
they are suspending high-level contacts
between the two countries the Russian
foreign ministers visit to the UK has
been cancelled and no British officials
including members of the royal family
will be present at the World Cup in
Russia taking place this summer Theresa
May has said that Russia's response to
the deadline that was given by midnight
last night was a disdain given the
gravity of events that unraveled mr.
speaker it was right to offer Russia the
opportunity to provide an explanation
but their response has demonstrated
complete disdain for the gravity of
these events
they have provided no credible
explanation that they that could suggest
they lost control of their nerve agent
no explanation as to how this agent came
to be used in the United Kingdom no
explanation as to why Russia has an
undeclared chemical weapons program in
contravention of international law
the leader of their opposition Jeremy
Corbyn had asked the British Prime
Minister whether or not any official
requests were sent to Russia whether any
evidence was provided to Russia or any
facts and to that the response was a bit
unsubstantial has the Prime Minister
taken the necessary steps under the
Chemical Weapons Convention to make a
formal request for evidence from the
Russian government how has she responded
to the Russian government's request for
a sample of the agent used in the
Salisbury attack to run its own tests
has high-resolution trace analysis been
run on a sample of the nerve agent and
has that revealed any evidence as to the
location of its production or the
identity of its perpetrators we gave the
Russian government the opportunity
through the de Marsh that my right one
befriend the Foreign Secretary delivered
to the Russian ambassador here in London
earlier this week to do just that they
have not done so there is a consensus
across the back benches of this house
I am only sorry that the consensus does
not go as far as the right honourable
gentleman
who could who could have taken the
opportunity as the UK government has
done to condemn the culprit for this
year for Russians
Russian embassy here in London has said
that the steps taken by the British
government are unjustified unacceptable
and short-sighted also saying that the
deterioration of ties between Russia and
the UK lies on the British government
and that ultimatums don't work with
Russia everything what is done and we
consider this a provocation we believe
that the United Kingdom should follow
the international law and at the under
these obligations they have
chemical weapons they have to present
the request to the organization and then
we're happy to consider this within the
10 days this is the international law
and of course we are not ready to to
talk in a way of the ultimatums the
actions taken by the British government
became really a crescendo of over a week
of this spy saga unraveling where we saw
what could have been a potential local
incident unravel into a huge
international diplomatic standoff
