there's now less than five weeks to go
before America heads to the polls in the
midterm elections it seems there's
everything to play for according to a
recent poll Republican support has now
seen the vote as very important a
significant increase now almost
equalling the view that Democrats have
about the election and it seems that the
continuing arguments around trumps
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
are fueling that change looks to be a
product of an incomplete investigation
that was limited perhaps by the White
House I don't know I disagree with
Senator Grassley's statement that there
was no hint of misconduct okay let's
head stateside again Samira Khan joins
us from Washington DC Samira just
fillers in then on the build-up and the
tensions increasing now as we head
towards the midterms well it just might
be the first time that the ruling party
retains Congress after midterms and now
midterms are just about a month away in
November and a new poll shows that 80%
of Americans from both parties see it as
very important now in July the poll
showed a 10 percent gap between
Republicans and Democrats but it seems
that Republicans are more relaxed now
because of the Democratic Party's
continuous efforts to destroy Trump's
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
who was accused of sexual assault then
Democrats immediately took his wife's
side and Trump hammered Democrats for
this at his a rally in West Virginia
let's take a look you see what's going
on you see this horrible horrible
radical group of Democrats you see it
happening right now
they don't care who they hurt
who they have to run over in order to
get power and some have even noted that
all conservatives not just Republicans
are taking Kavanagh side saying that
this liberal scandal has United the
right against Democrats so we'll just
have to wait and see for November if
these predictions do come true
