hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
it appears in highly likely these are
the words used by UK prime minister to
resume pinning blame on Russia for the
poison attack on a former Russian
intelligence officer turned to British
spy claims are made and threats flaunted
of course without evidence
crosstalking the poison attack in
Britain I'm joined by my guest Alexander
McKee resan London he is a writer on
legal affairs as well as editor-in-chief
of the dur√°n comm also in London we have
Charles Shoebridge he is the security
analyst and a former UK Army and
counterterrorism intelligence officer
and in Brussels we cross the ante
Michonne she is a former British
intelligence officer and writer
all right crosstalk rules in effect that
means he can jump in anytime you want
and I always appreciate Alexander
Matthias I'd like to go to you an
article that you just recently wrote and
the title is very telling Tresemme now
demands Russia provide prove itself
innocence that's a very curious form of
jurisprudence as an it isn't that
backwards what she's asking go ahead
well that is exactly what she's asking
because she's asking that by a certain
specified time Russia is supposed to say
that provide the evidence that will
prove that it was not Russian the
Russian state that did this thing now
that completely reverses the burden of
proof which is that somebody is assumed
to be innocent until they're proved
guilty and it that it is the person who
makes the accusation who is supposed to
prove it
and this is a complete reversal of a
principle that has underpinned the whole
net of the whole direction of european
jurisprudence since the middle ages but
that's the kind of situation which we
are in okay Annie one it seems to me but
but with the Prime Minister's words that
she's already foregone in it's an
investigation because she already has a
culprit I mean again it seems
everything's upside down and by doing
this like we had in the Linfen Yenko
case where you've already decided the
guilty party and you won't go down
different avenues to do actually real
investigation and find out what happened
this is a repeat that's the only thing
that's similar with the limpin yanking
franco case before is it's been
politicized instead of going through the
nuts and bolts of doing detective work
go ahead Andy absolutely and we saw this
right when the story broke last week in
the sense
the British media stampeded down this
path but I have to give certain credit
to the Home Secretary of the UK and
Bharat because she did say for many days
we need to allow the police space to
investigate this and identify the
substance now in terms of investigation
I've suggested three avenues they had to
go down first of all the boots on the
street getting eyewitness accounts CCTV
footage that sort of thing secondly
identifying the substance which there
now say they have done but thirdly and
crucially finding out what this guy's
been up to over the last eight years
since he was rinsed clean by the Russian
service before he was sent over at
pardoned and sent back to the UK and
would have been rinse clean of
intelligence by mi6 once he arrived in
the UK so I can't see a motive there but
in terms of the substance as well yeah
sure if this nerve agent is what they
say it is it might have been developed
in Russia thirty years ago but then you
know plenty of nerve agents been
developed by plenty of other countries
as well including the US Germany the UK
so in this case to say it was developed
by Russia thirty years ago means that it
must mean the Russians that did it it's
a bit like saying well Porton down the
UK scientific establishment secretly
developed something called VX another
one nerve agent in the 1950s and that
was used to assassinate Kim jung-un
brother the North Korean leader last
year so you know the equivalent would be
to say well Britain developed this
poison therefore Britain must have
assassinated this guy it's crazy but
there seems to be very little critical
analysis going on in the stampede to
blame Russia well they don't want any
critical analysis let me go to Charles
here I mean it seems like the entire
political establishment and the media in
the UK are very happy with the words
that it's Russia's fault and that's and
now we have to wait for the consequences
here I mean they're not even they're not
even theirs there's likely ultimatums on
both sides now the Russians want to say
well what is this stuff show it to us
maybe we can help you identify it and
then the ultimatum is that you have to
admit your guilt on the British side
here I mean the British side doesn't
want any kind of resolution here they
have already got what they wanted to
have a narrative that you know Russia is
bad and we have to sanction it somehow
in some form and maybe we can mention
the World Cup here in a second year go
ahead Charles
yes undoubtedly you can see from the
comments of some politicians but
especially that of the the mainstream
media here in the UK and to a lesser
extent elsewhere that there is an agenda
driving this irrespective of what the
facts that lay behind this incident ah
I mean Annie quite rightly recognized
and remember I speak as a as a former
detective and an investigator in matters
similar to this in some ways that motive
is an important part of that it isn't
everything but the and any other
evidence to see that which way it points
the evidence of the actually the actual
physical evidence here such as been
disclosed because a great amount of it
of course hasn't been disclosed and
perhaps hasn't yet been even discovered
isn't in any way conclusive in this case
and but when it comes to motive yeah
arguably there is a motive for Russia to
kill somebody that or to attempt to kill
somebody who is seen as a traitor but in
this particular case there is much
greater motive surely to avoid this kind
of situation just weeks before but
before Russian elections just before the
World Cup at a time when there's enough
stress and problems between the west and
east as it currently stands and why
Russia would carry out this kind of
attack particularly it would appear
using a method that anybody that used
that method would surely know would
point straight back to Russia so we can
say here I think somewhat conclusively
at least at this stage that whatever the
circumstances of the attack whoever
carried it out if they did use this
nerve agent that's been described did it
knowing that Russia would almost
certainly be blamed and then you've
everlook therefore you have to ask the
question would that be Russia yeah you
know Alexander again I'm glad that
Charles brought that up I mean why in
the world I'll just like in the case of
Linfen Yenko you know use a means to try
to kill someone that is so extraordinary
that you know even the possibilities of
who could have done it it was very much
narrowed as Charles pointed out this
seems I'm sorry for me it looks like a
complete set up okay and the timing is
perfect for people that want to push the
narrative of worse relations between
Russia and the West we oh one more other
thing Charles the whole situation going
on in the
rainwear issues grossly unreported in
the western media go ahead Alexander yes
I mean there is very wide speculation
not perhaps in the mainstream media but
elsewhere that this is a kind of
provocation some sort of a provocation
intended to worsen relations even
further between Russia and the West and
to complicate the situation in advance
of the World Cup and the Russian
presidential elections
I personally am going to resist the
temptation to speculate along this these
lines simply because we just don't know
enough about this incident and I want to
just also repeat a point that Charles
Shoebridge made which i think is an
entirely valid man I have not been an
investigator but in my past life I have
seen the results of many investigations
and very often in fact more often than
not the clue to a person's death is or
attack is in the person themselves in
their background and we need to know an
awful lot more about this person person
and why he was attacked and why he was a
chosen as an attack and to start
pointing fingers at this very early
stage it is frankly completely wrong I
would make one final point that this in
response to all of this which is of
course when our teammates are made such
as the one that to raise the male has
made it is to my mind a sign that the
British government doesn't have the
evidence yes the points to Russia
because if it did why would he challenge
the Russians to prove their innocence in
that kind of way you know any one of the
things that's really interesting on this
you know square Powell he was part of
this prisoner exchange of spy exchange
in 2010 presumably they could have
pretty much squeezed everything out of
him think the the FSB and British
intelligence I mean he kind of went to
the UK as a blank sheet I would imagine
here what could you speculate that since
it's kind of was your world
at one time I mean what in the world
they after going through all that being
in a Russian prison for espionage for
the British government I mean what in
the world could he possibly gotten
himself into that would warrant this
kind of you know a murder attempt go
ahead Andy I'm because I'm mystified
this is absolutely the key question in
my view so we have a guy who was
recruited and betrayed his country for
10 years he worked as an agent for mi6
and he handed over other agent names
across Europe reportedly and then he was
caught he was tried he was convicted he
was imprisoned and then he was pardoned
by the Russian state and allowed to be
to go free to go to the UK as part of
the 2010 spy swap with a Russian alleged
legals which included an a Chapman who
went back to Russia
so of course Russia would have known
exactly what he knew they would have put
him through the the mill in terms of
getting any intelligence out of him and
they would not have released him if they
thought he was still a threat yeah then
of course when he arrived in the UK he
would have been debriefed for weeks by
mi6 before allowed to go free and live a
life and you know he lived his life
quite openly so this is the key question
and I've been saying this ever since the
story broke what on earth was he
involved in in the last 8 years since
she's been living in the UK you know who
was he working with who were his
contacts and that might give the
investigators a clue to who might indeed
have perpetrated this attack I don't
think it's going to be a Russian state
retaliatory thing I just cannot see the
motivation I don't either you know
Charles I mean what I mean there's
there's some speculation there's so many
people that have their own theories I
think there's a page on the RT website
all the different conspiracies out there
some people are making a connection to
Jonathan's Christopher Steele I mean
does that make any sense to you no it
doesn't first of all of course this
person was long out of into India
what's arguably so was Christopher
Steele was long out of any should say
orbit of knowledge of what's going on in
the Russian military or security
establishment he it wasn't really in a
position to be able to provide any of
this kind of information and also I
think I've read elsewhere maybe true
maybe not true that's steel himself
certainly talking to I think to the
Guardian which is that a lot of contact
pushing the steel toe see if examples
there actually he wasn't involved in any
way reduction of that I'm gonna jump in
here we have to go to a hard break and
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion on British Russian
relations stay with Artie
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter Lavelle
term and you were discussing UK Russia
relations
you know Alexander one of the it's
peculiar things about the UK since the
end of the Soviet Union is that a lot of
ethnic Russians with many of them with
very dubious paths and ways that made
their money have found their way into
the UK when it's convenient they say
they're a political dissident I always
like that little trick here and when
with their pockets all stuffed full of
money but it's kind of turned into a
kind of morbid playground of settling
scores that have you know have some kind
of connection with Russia in the case
that we're talking about right now but
it looks like it was a purely British
affair I mean you know don't think isn't
there any kind of reflection in the UK
so maybe you shouldn't let these crooked
billionaires lie into the UK I know they
got a lot of money and money does talk
go ahead Alexander what is so strange
about this is yes there is a riff there
is some reflection about this there are
people who are saying we've allowed all
sorts of very dubious people from Russia
to arrive here but in in all kind of
twists the blame for that is actually
being directed at Russia it hasn't
spoken of as if these very strange
people that you're talking about are
somehow connected to the Russian
authorities whereas as you and Peter
Peter and I we both know they're not
most of these people are antagonistic to
the Russian authorities and of course
they have their own quarrels and that's
why they've come to London to get out of
the reach of the Russian authorities and
they're bringing their problems to
Britain and we see the results so if the
British really do take action to stop
these people coming to Britain it's not
going to it's not going to anger or
offend the Russians the Russians will be
pleased about it this is again part of
the upside-down world that we were
talking about before you know any what
what do what does the Tresemme Mays
government want I mean they obviously if
Russia isn't given any kind of evidence
about this case forensic evidence I mean
what in the world do they expect the
Russians to do and what do you think the
sanction will be afterwards because you
know tres amazing she's at a political
mess right now she doesn't have a
memorable time in office here she's
found this one issue she's really
pushing it here I mean coming to
conclusions before facts are presented
none of it to the public by the way here
I mean you know what is this an internal
domestic issue for her
I mean she's found this one issue the
kind of boost her a little bit because
she needs a whole lot of boosting go
ahead and well I think as you say she's
in a very weak political position and
she will be under pressure from li6
because bear in mind this guy worked as
an agent for mi6 for a decade and was
handed back to them they had a duty of
protection to their source and they seem
to have fumbled it and allowed him to be
attacked in the UK by persons unknown
but again in terms of the political
aspects and also the the scientific
aspects we need to get the forensics
around the chemicals that were used or
allegedly used so just to make
statements in Parliament which are quite
bellicose is reckless at this point and
she did say well it could have been the
Russian state or it could have been they
didn't take enough care of securing
their nerve agents so it's their fault
anyway but bear in mind there is you
know other there are the cases from
history that other countries have done
the same thing so for example go back to
2001 in the immediate aftermath of 9/11
there was a number of cases of
militarized anthrax being sent through
the post to politicians and news editors
across the UK five people died seventeen
people were injured and if one was
saying oh you know it must be an outside
source it turned out after years of
investigation it was some rogue agent
allegedly coming out of the the
laboratory itself so you know even the
USA can't secure it it's a biological
and weapons masters mass destruction so
immediately say it must be the Russian
state because they developed this 30
years ago even though lots of other
people have the recipe they
must have been slacking in protecting it
I think he's disingenuous at best and
potentially hugely damaging for
diplomatic relationships and world peace
at worst Charles you know it was I was
Ben it was a made aware that I think it
was in 1992 a lot of these chemical
agents they were revealed to the public
so how to certainly you need the
facilities to make it but the recipe the
the roadmap is there or what it is all
about what kind of compounds and all
that so that kind of adds to the ring
clear but Charles what do you what do
you think that you know what does to
resume really want I mean does she want
to ratchet up this confrontation with
Russia and to what degree I mean there's
so many fronts now where there is
tension and so you know it's one of
these games of chicken and I can tell
you that and I make it very clear to our
viewers here the Russian state's not
going to blink just get used to it
there's plenty of cases we can say that
around the world go ahead Charles yes
one wonders the extent to which in so
many matters in fact and this is a good
example of it the extent to which
Theresa May and even her government
ministers are actually driving this
situation or whether they're being
driven by it yeah and if they're being
driven by it they're being driven by
other actors behind the scenes perhaps
even those that may have been involved
in some degree and who could benefit
from it unlike Russia which doesn't seem
to be getting any benefit from this
action whatsoever we raised the subject
of oligarchs not just from Russia from
Ukraine and elsewhere in the world
unsavory in many cases in London we
asked the question why they allowed to
settle oh one needs to look in some
detail at the donations to political
parties in this country in the United
Kingdom labor for example the opposition
parties today check has some recently
challenged the government to stop taking
donations from Russian exile oligarchs
to their political in terms of political
donations to the Conservative Party
that's been declined so these people
wield political power that is well
beyond their should we say
representative basis and so that may be
a reason why they're untouchable here
but let's look at this navi chalk that
this alleged chemical agent that's been
used I've just read very recently a a
1999 article in in New York
time's no less not a pro-russian organ
organ whatsoever describing in 1999 the
United States efforts to help clear up
the production plant or testing plants
involving allegedly this chemical agent
Navi chalk this is in 1999 it's not in
Russia it's in as Becca Stalin and so we
can see that this agent is likely to be
not just produced by Russia but
elsewhere as well and furthermore of
course it seems to be that certainly the
politically consensus amongst many of
the actual chemists not the so-called
experts from organizations such as
ballon cat and others that are then
wheeled out by the media in these
circumstances because they know their
coverage will be Pro us/uk in every
instance but real chemists are saying
the the one consensus seems to be that
even if it's not particularly easy to
make the ingredients for making this
alleged chemical agent are very very
easy to come by and so therefore it's
conceivable that anybody with some
training at least anywhere in the world
could have made this unless we have more
evidence and we haven't got that
evidence to pin it on Russia as yet you
know Alexandre and reading your article
that I mentioned at the beginning of the
program and you gave you elaborated on
the case of Lynn Linfen Yanko and the
the result of the investigation way
after the political storm and had its
impact here and they found that they
couldn't determine where it came from
in a number of issues here but the storm
had already passed okay the impression
had already been made you know it was
the Putin did it okay that was that
they're looking for that moment right
now do you I surmise probably this is
gonna happen again but it'll be far from
the public view it'll be like an
appendix in history go ahead that is the
fatal danger of prejudging something
before all the facts are there and that
is exactly what happened in the
Litvinenko case the the whole assumption
at the outset that the russian state was
involved in the Litvinenko case was that
polonium was very expensive was only
produced in russia and could be traced
there and when the inquiry that was
convened
have been true none of it is it looked
at that and know it was true none of it
was true but by that point as you
rightly say it was far too late because
the idea that the Russians the Russians
were involved had already become fixed
and there was nothing realistically by
that point that was going to change it
and the result was again as Annie and
Charles have said lots of other possible
lines of inquiry
we're not followed up you know any one
of the things that should be concerning
us all is that the different layers of
sanctions that the US has put on in the
European Union I mean there's a
separation between the west and Russia
further and further apart and you know I
surmise that you know and I hear this in
circles here in Moscow is it who cares
why do we want a relationship with these
people they all seem pathological okay I
mean it was only a few hours ago the
house Intel committee came out and said
well after 18 months no collusion okay
and now we get this story in the UK it's
like passing the baton let's keep it
going the Russian side is just exhausted
by all of this you're inventing things
lying exaggerating the media the media
is so compliant its clickbait for them
they don't have to think they don't have
any sense of morality you know this this
is this is the the chasm of trust a lack
of trust between the two you know that's
worrisome go ahead Andy no I totally
agree I mean we have a situation where
you know over the last few years because
of the West's determination not to try
and resolve diplomatic issues with
Russia Russia is pivoted towards the
east you know all these new trade deals
with China
all these new transport lines pipelines
all the rest of it are huge for Russia
and a huge for China that is not being
reported in the West alternatively what
you get is someone like me who talks out
about this and I was on RT the night the
story broke two hours later I was on BBC
Newsnight the night the story broke and
I said exactly the same points and yet
on
and I am Putin's useful idiot or a
stooge on the other hand I'm praised for
my Newsnight performance and that
duality is actually quite stark when
you're living through it and I think
that's what we're seeing at the moment
with the Western media it is dangerous
it could exacerbate diplomatic relations
between the west and Russia and you know
I hope that we can dial down these
accusations and come to some sort of
diplomatic understanding proper forensic
and investigation and that we can step
away from the brink which is what I
think we're beginning to look at you
know it's very interesting all of you
bring up very rational points and in and
ways to resolve this or try to
understand it but unfortunately
politicians and the media they don't
like it that way that's all the time we
have many thanks to my guests in London
and in Brussels and thanks to our
viewers for watching us here at RT see
you next time and remember crosstalk
rules
