we are in shining the capital of the
Ching hai province it is located in the
north eastern part of the chin high
Tibet Plateau six out of China's 10
Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture 's Orange
in hi 20% of the population are Tibetans
yet most Tibetans prefer to settle far
from big cities and work mostly in
agriculture to learn more about their
lives and culture we'll venture into
more remote parts of the province this
place is regarded as the cradle of the
Tibetan people the Ching hai Tibet
Plateau is sometimes even called the
roof of the world
it's a vast territory yet population
density is one of the lowest in China
most of it is rugged mountainous terrain
the average altitude in Shanghai
province is 3,000 meters above sea level
the climate is distinctly continental
with cool summers and very cold winters
many would regard these conditions not
too comfortable yet Tibetans have been
living here for centuries the mountains
around Shanghai Lake are populated by
nomads raising livestock this is one of
the three socio-economic models
widespread among Tibetans the yak milk
and meat along with grain constitute the
bulk of their diet they prefer simple
and high-calorie foods required for
alpine conditions their living
conditions are modest as well
nomads live in the yak hair tents with a
stove and a sleeping mat at the same
time there are no strangers to
smartphones and technology they have
long got used to cellphones excellent
roads and reliable power supply
solar power plants help provide
electricity to people living in remote
places in the mountains while preserving
its unique environment in the summer of
shin-hye province with a population of
5.6 million people lived for a whole
week purely on green energy from June 17
to 23 over 1 billion kilowatts of green
energy was consumed which is equivalent
to burning 535 thousand tons of coal 28
percent of this energy came from solar
and wind farms the other 72% came from
hydropower plants shin-hye is the source
of China's three great rivers the
Yangtze the Yellow River and the Mekong
most Tibetans are Buddhists monasteries
are the centers of their spiritual and
cultural lives they send their children
to be trained as monks when they are six
to seven years old in addition to
religious disciplines monasteries teach
children to read and write offer them
training in medicine and in other basic
subjects the curriculum can also include
programming or foreign languages yet
monasteries don't have enough room for
all the aspiring students so Tibetans
just like all the other ethnic groups in
China are entitled to free education we
are at a special school for future
engineers doctors and art experts all
the classes aren't abettin but all the
students are also required to study
Chinese Tibetans make sure they preserve
their heritage the curriculum includes
classes in Banga Tibetan traditional
painting pottery carving and embroidery
best graduates get a job with workshops
manufacturing art objects and interior
design products for both the local
market and for tourists approximately
700 years ago rev gong one of China's
most famous art schools of Tibetan
Buddhists emerged in qinghai province
in 2009 rev Gong art was included in
UNESCO intangible heritage lists and
received widespread recognition
after that 20,000 local residents
working in Rebbe Gong reportedly got a
job and were able to escape poverty
today rev gong art sales exceed 40
million dollars best examples of rev
gong art are displayed at the tongue
grand art gallery
since 2016 the museum's collection has
been on display in various cities in
Europe
