let's move on to other news now because
the UN Security Council which was
supposed to be focusing on relief
efforts for war ravaged and Gupta in
Syria has descended instead into threats
the US envoy
warned that Washington is ready to
strike the Syrian government we also
warn any nation that is determined to
impose its will through chemical attacks
and inhuman suffering most especially
the outlaw Syrian regime the United
States remains prepared to act if we
must it is not the path we prefer but it
is a path we have demonstrated we will
take and we are prepared to take it
again of course when we kill him or pin
joins me live from New York he was
covering events that Kelly blossom
misunderstood that sounded like a clear
threat from the US ambassador indeed in
her remarks US ambassador nikki Haley
essentially used the language often used
to justify US military interventions
saying that the USA essentially reserves
the right to attack the Syrian
government now the meeting was convened
to discuss the situation in eastern
goota this is a rebel-held enclave where
there is fighting taking place between
terrorists and extremists that are
trying to overthrow the Syrian
government and the Syrian government
itself now when nikki Haley got up to
speak rather than simply touching on the
situation and the plight of civilians
and efforts to make sure that civilians
are not hurt
she actually chose to make a barrage of
allegations against Russia Iran and
Syria and in her remarks she went as far
as saying that the three countries were
actually responsible for some chlorine
attacks now then we heard a response
from the Russian ambassador who said
this is simply a disinformation campaign
this is what we heard from nikki Haley
and the response from the Russian
representative and in the past 16 days
there have been three separate
allegations of chlorine gas attacks this
is no ceasefire this is the Assad regime
Iran and Russia continuing to wage war
against their political opponents but
across the pond you mind we understand
that the goal of this disinformation
campaign
to manipulate public opinion and
convince people the Syrian government is
using chemical weapons but we have
reasonable concerns that there are
preparations to stage fake chemical
attacks in order to later accuse the
Assad government and according to our
data on the 5th of March male nusra
terrorists used chlorine in eastern
guzar injuring 30 people now nikki Haley
in her remarks said that the United
States is putting forward a new draft
resolution regarding the situation in
eastern Goethe that wouldn't have what
she calls terrorism loopholes now the
current resolution allows for the Syrian
government to continue fighting against
al-nusrah and other extremist groups
that have been operating in eastern
goota now the new resolution put forward
by the United States according to what
we heard from nikki Haley would prevent
that from taking place they would not be
able to continue doing so now that would
essentially leave the terrorists and
extremists operating in eastern goota
intact and in power and allow them to
continue staging public executions using
civilians as human shields and doing
other activities that the entire
international community has condemned
now again this meeting was supposed to
be about how to take efforts to protect
civilians in eastern goota however nikki
Haley used the meeting as a place to
make accusations and essentially
demonize and attack the Russian
government now this is not the first
time that she's done this at the UN
Security Council let's take a look at
what nikki Haley has said in the past
haha I promise to count how many times
the USN boy would mention Russia during
her statement I counted it's 22
Russian Russia Russia Russia Russia
Russia Russian Russian Russian Russian
Russian Russian Russian Russians and
Russian Russians the Russian - Russian
Russia Russian and the Russians are sure
political purposes only and not out of
cameras
now the purpose of the UN Security
Council the 15 member body that leads
the United Nations is supposed to be to
carry out the mission of the United
Nations
but as we have seen it has recently
become a forum for certain countries to
criticize other countries now everyone
in the UN Security Council seems to be
in full agreement that the lives of
civilians in Eastern Guto should be
protected however there are some pretty
strong disagreements about how that
should be carried out and how and who is
responsible for the situation there and
we've heard some rather extreme rhetoric
in the 15-member body that leads the
United Nations
many thanks kill'em open up correspond
and bring his rudder today live from New
York
ok well joining me now is I'm out what
CAF here we go we've got him up on our
on our big screen for this interview
Middle East experts and director of the
gnosis think-tank good to speak to you
amar what do you make of the usm voice
speech at the UN Security Council it was
I think unexpected nobody thought that
she was going to be delivering threats
perhaps well we think that this is
because the United States is trying to
change the nature of its engagement in
Syria towards becoming more offensive I
think everybody and we've heard a lot of
calls in the West most recently the
British Foreign Minister saying there is
no hope that we can give to the people
of Eastern water that the West is going
to come and do some military engagement
in order to you know change the position
to a more favorable bone towards for
them so in a sense they're telling
the people of Eastern hotel we're not
gonna come and save you so we think this
sort of threat is will manok it be I
would say limited but actually connected
to other areas in Syria that are
expected to face the same military
operation
perhaps northern Homs and southern
Hamada sort of in clave a clip or even
northeastern Syria so the United States
what they're saying is that we will we
are willing to use force if the Syrian
military go beyond whatever line we've
drawn and we're not going to tell it to
anyone but definitely not for although
it's quite incredible some people would
interpret that as the u.s. is siding
with the terrorists against the Syrian
government a remarkable situation to
consider is it a serious threat we think
it's a well it is a serious threat in
the sense that the United it's not that
the United States have done in Syria so
far bringing all its military and
airplanes is legal so there is nothing
really preventing them from doing
another thing that is illegal well the
United States should be concerned about
perhaps is the civilians there are about
300 or 400 thousand people in eastern
Utah that need to get rid of these
militants they need to go back to their
normal lives there are about six or
seven million people in Damascus that
need to go back to who need to go back
to their normal lives and everybody is
expecting this operation to end up just
like what happened in eastern aleppo
with the militants going elsewhere and
people and you know 90% of the
population over there which is what
happened in eastern Aleppo going back to
normal life kids to school and and
people to hospitals and work in
everything so the United States need to
be more concerned with the lives of
these people I don't think anyone can
realistically say that everybody in
eastern Ghouta is an anti Syrian
government surely someone must say well
at least there is a some proportion of
people of Eastern alter who won't rid of
those militants especially the Islamic
ones especially
the extreme ones like gelato loser and
what have you but the United States
isn't at all interested in that they're
interested in forcing the Syrian
government's had you hand in order to
effect a political change than the
United States would like you know using
whatever means they have and we think
that you know the situation in
northeastern Syria in specific whereby
local groups local Kurdish groups are
becoming more and more empowered by the
United States in order to have a
quasi-state of some sort in northeastern
Syria and the United States might dig
their heels over there I don't think
anybody doubts that I've been deaths in
eastern Gator and they've included
civilian deaths the the US is proposing
to ban all anti-terrorist operations my
question to you would be public will be
saying this is great
we'll stop innocent deaths but it leaves
the civilians in the hands of the
terrorists who Russia says are carrying
out their own atrocities upon the people
their will the people of Eastham do to
be any better off left in the hands of
terrorists who are no longer under
assault well the figures we have from
the the similar operation we had about
18 months ago in eastern Aleppo was that
there was about according to UN figures
there was about 300 people 300,000
people sorry besieged in in eastern
Aleppo and when the the buses ferried
the militants and their families out of
Eastern hypo there were about 30,000
people who chose to leave Eastern a poem
that tells you that there are nine out
of ten people in eastern Aleppo chose to
stay you can easily argue that those
people nine out of ten were hostages and
you could easily you could also argue
that there is a similar proportion in
eastern hota and not only that we're
talking now about three thousand three
hundred thousand or so civilians in
eastern hota duma alone as a city in
eastern ruled out the main city in
eastern goethe had 1 million inhabitants
before the crisis now a lot of people
one could argue migrated from or
deserted Eastern Buda when or managed to
desert actually because for the past
five years known was
to leave the militants area but those
who managed to get out of instant hood I
would also like to go back to their
houses so you know not only nine out of
ten in eastern Hooda would be happy to
see the back of the militants but
perhaps as much as million 1 million and
a half people outside would like to see
them off so that they can go back and
check their houses and see whether
everything is fine or whether there is
anything left at all and I appreciate
your time I guess time our Warcraft
Middle East expert director of the
gnosis think-tank thank you
