which on you are watching RT
International where we've been bringing
you lengthy live coverage this is from
the UK's House of Commons where Prime
Minister Theresa May has just divulged
the latest findings to date of the
police investigation into the poisoning
of former Russian spy sergey skripnikov
who was circus group owl when he worked
as an agent for russian intelligence
previously but he was stripped of that
rank and jailed for 13 years for spying
for the UK he was released early from
prison though in a spy swap between the
US and Russia Theresa May who we've just
been hearing from chaired a meeting of
the National Security Council over
scruples poisoning earlier today and the
conversation has ensued over the
findings and what action if any should
be taken by the UK government let's go
over to London now we can speak to our
correspondent
anastacio Churkin who's been following
events and they have been lengthy indeed
nasty yet let's start with what the
Prime Minister had to say well Neil
moods to say the least are extremely
anti-russian at the House of Commons
today this was a highly anticipated
address that Theresa May was supposed to
give provide himself some kind of formal
reaction to this story that has created
a media frenzy here in the UK for over a
week now and despite expectations of
certain proof potentially or evidence to
be presented some of the language that
Theresa made use such as the words that
it's highly likely that Russia was
behind this incident leave lots of
questions still on the table let's take
a listen to what Theresa may have to say
it is now clear but mr. scribble and his
daughter were poisoned with a
military-grade nerve agent of a type
developed by Russia this is part of a
group of nerve agents known as Nova chop
the government has concluded that it is
highly likely that Russia was
responsible for the act against Sergei
it's crippled well if you remember this
is a language that seems to be quite
familiar we've heard this kind of
uncertain terminology used before
especially in light of course of the
Alexander Litvinenko case if you
remember there was a very lengthy and
quite expensive inquiry that was
conducted into his death and at the end
of that we were left with a report that
used the word probably lots and lots and
lots of times so this seems to ring
about in that sense although we have to
say that before there is a finalized
investigation and Theresa may
underscored many times that they want to
give authorities the space to be able to
investigate exactly what happened to
sergey skripnikov
it seems clear that this is the way
things stand now the moods are extremely
anti-russia and not too many people are
willing to budget on this inside the
British Parliament one person was
however the opposition party leader
Jeremy Corbyn he had a bit of a
different approach to what Theresa May
was saying let's take a look - speaker
we need to continue seeking a robust
dialogue with Russia on all the issues
currently dividing our countries both
domestic and international rather than
simply cutting off contact and letting
the tensions and divisions get worse mr.
speaker the events in Salisbury on the
4th of March have appalled the country
and need thorough investigation well the
way things stand now Theresa May has
said that there's no question that there
will be business as usual with Russia
she said that the Russian ambassador to
the UK has been summoned to answer the
questions of where this nerve agent as
the UK has been describing it had come
from Theresa May says the UK authorities
believe that this was either
state-sponsored
act or it was an event where this nerve
agent had somehow ended up in the wrong
hands and those people were able to
carry out the this this incident however
she said that the British government is
expecting some kind of official response
from Russia by Wednesday and after that
the British prime minister says
the goal of the UK will be to implement
further measures and take further steps
if necessary and it has to be said that
trout there's quite lengthy hearing as
you said moods were very strongly anti
Russia there was MPs calling it a rogue
state creating it as a country that
created hell on earth and Syria that
what happened here to serve a scruple
was a warlike act and they're saying
that the UK is under attack and
certainly this is very very very strong
language given that this is an incident
that hasn't had an investigation
finalized to it quite yet also Theresa
May said that the Kremlin has the
intention of dismantling international
order again on based off of one incident
that is yet to be proved of course we've
known that throughout this week that
there have been some calls to drag this
channel arty into this whole story there
have been some MPs questioning including
during this latest hearing whether or
not our teas license should be revoked
whether or not it should be banned from
broadcasting inside the Parliament and
can-can basically these MPs take steps
to stop RT being broadcast in the UK
Theresa made to this said that let's
wait for the official response of the
Russian government
so this deadline of Wednesday seems to
be what the UK government is putting in
place and then we'll bring forward
further measures as they've described it
and we have heard a response from the
Russian Foreign Ministry to these latest
developments already we have heard that
this Moscow has described these latest
statements as a circus performance
they've said that this whole story is a
campaign based on provocation and we've
heard from the spokesperson of the
foreign ministry saying that before
British authorities create as she's
Frieda phrased it new fairy tales what
Russia would like to see as details on
the investigations on the deaths of
people like Litvinenko Boris Berezovsky
who died in London and as they said many
other people who mysteriously died on
British soil so it's clear to say that
the way things stand now this is the
story
that's not going to go anywhere for
quite some time so we'll be here
watching how this unravels many thanks
Dennis Cyr choking our correspondent in
London bringing us an update of what was
being said there in the House of Commons
okay let's bring in a guest now get some
analysis I'm pleased to say I speak to
dr. Tara McCormack he was a lecturer in
international politics at the University
of Leicester very good evening to you
it's our I don't know how much you
caught of everything we were set in the
House of Commons there was an awful lot
said on an awful lot of subjects but I
mean the essence of it was that Theresa
May said that this was a Russian
produced nerve agent and that it was
highly likely Russia was responsible
where does that leave us that highly
likely isn't certain but it's saying
they're almost certain so what do you
think is going to happen now it's very
hard to say I mean I think from the
beginning of the history it was pretty
clear that the British state wanted to
immediately pin the blame but it
immediately claimed Russia so that's
really been the kind of driver from the
start you know it's been a highly
politicized against investigation we've
seen the British media and many
parliamentarians really going into
overdrive from the minute it happened I
mean we want to know the truth I am sure
everybody in every country would like to
know what happened here in terms of just
national and global security what we've
heard is that they believed that it was
Russia but they've actually asked for an
explanation from the Russian ambassador
so that leaves some reason to believe
they're not sure so can you explain to
me what then ensued which was almost
everybody apart from the leader of the
Opposition then explaining what
punishment they wanted to be carried out
when they've already said they're not
certain who did it how does problems now
it is undoubtedly the case that an
assassination of someone on the
territory of a country is going to cause
a fairly big Rockets
you know undoubtedly and of course all
states will want to know what's going on
however what we have seen is literally
from the minute that it happened we've
had in the media this is the many MPs
have been immediately blaming Russia and
also insisting that the British
government take a really strong conduct
you know carry out very strong response
but we don't know actually what has
happened that is the long and short of
it now may has said that this is a nerve
agent that has been produced in Russia
but we really don't know and the one
thing I would really like to stress is
that in the UK we have a real recent
history of extremely Kalitta sized
intelligence on the government reactions
we've seen that in Iraq with the
Chilcotin we've seen that also in Libya
and it's a great House of Commons retort
actually looking back over Libyan the
intelligence and the way in which the
government really sort of stood for
intervention based on essentially
suction that's very very fluid
intelligence so one of the things I
would say it seems a terrible shame
really that legal annexation we have a
recent history of these quite worrying
moods but he had a double steam - there
are our parliamentarians the much of our
media seem to have forgotten about that
very quickly and rather than being
cautious as they okay let's investigate
let's find out what's happened let's
raise this with Russia and so and
there's a real drive as we see to blame
Russia immediately and to call for
strong responses from the government it
was pretty clear that there were a lot
of high emotions in in the comments
there a lot of calls for action among
them a call for sanctions there were
there were a couple of calls for RT to
stop broadcasting what was called it's
propaganda in the UK I didn't see the
connection between a poison attack and
and artis broadcasting or any evidence
of propaganda but that was
mentioned also the question was put this
Russia fit to host the FIFA World Cup
some rather unrelated subjects there
realistically what can the Commons do
the House of Commons well in the end
this will be a decision for the British
executive and I suspect it's very other
it would be up it would be a real shock
I said you know if on Wednesday to
resume stood up and said no we actually
don't have enough proof to blame to dis
Moscow so we're going to go back and
spend some more time investigating
that's not going to happen we know it's
a thing already in an extremely kind of
flipside situation so I suspect what
will happen will be sanctions maybe some
diplomatic expulsion I imagine
do you think we'll ever see the proof I
mean this reminds me of the meddling in
the u.s. elections claims where the
proof isn't forthcoming because it said
it's too sensitive will the proof be put
forward so that the public know that the
government have made the right decision
and the made the right call and that
sanctions or whatever punishment is
justified well I don't really think so
because it's highly unlikely that this
investigation has been conducted I would
have thought in its finest fairly
sensible rational beauty man er I mean
it seems extraordinary that within such
a short space of time we can be making
such kind of concrete claims so and to
me that's actually a bigger worry in
fact you know states such as Russia and
Britain do conduct all sorts of
undercover and unpleasant operations but
what I find but I think a bigger worry
for us in the UK I would say is that
both our politicians and our media are
very happy to push for action and
retaliation rather than measured kind of
investigation discussion and response
and I think ultimately that's the bigger
problem for the UK in the long run
so our a greatly appreciate your time
thanks for coming on our to
international my guest this hour Tara
McCormack lecturer in international
politics thank you
