- Sophie and calm Sophie sherek not say
Nordstrom - the gas pipeline from Russia
to Germany's in jeopardy due to strong
opposition from Eastern Europe and the
United States can the project survive
its course will ask the energy speaker
of the Christian Democratic Union Party
in the German Bundestag yochim Pfeiffer
a new Russian pipeline is set to bring
natural gas directly to Germany
bypassing Eastern Europe transit routes
and it's led to protests and states
being cut out as well as making
Washington DC pressure Europeans are
opting for American gas instead will the
new pipeline really make Europe even
more dependent on Russian natural gas or
bring cheaper energy for all and will
Berlin bow to the political pressure
from all sides or be tough and hold its
line in defiance welcome Pfeiffer the
Energy Speaker of the Christian
Democratic Union Party and a German
Bundestag welcome to the show great to
have you with us lots to discuss Germany
has given the green light to the North
stream to pipeline which will bring
natural gusts from Russia to Germany
directly via the Baltic Sea now Polland
and the Baltic States and other members
opposed a project but opposition to the
project comes from countries who
currently do transit business with gas
prompt and stand to lose if the pipeline
is built this is it actually about
trying to reduce dependence or really
about lost revenues yeah first of all I
think it's good to have a project like
North stream - because it brings
diversification diversification and the
transport of natural gas and diversity
in more routes and more diversification
means more liquidity in the European
market and that increases the security
of supply not only for Germany
it increases the security of supply all
over Europe and so basically I think
it's a good idea to have this additional
part man sure but why do you think
countries in European Union oppose it
gee because they're losing revenues
or because they want to reduce
dependence what is the core cause of the
opposition I think I think it's it's a
mixture of course maybe in Ukraine they
fear that they will lose transit
capacity or transmit transport fees so
but I personally think that the Ukraine
will be in the game in the future as
well but they also have to invest in
their infrastructure because the
infrastructure is quite old and there
are as building of investments needed
and there is opposition from Poland as
well
Poland fears to be even more dependent
to Russian gas but if I think if we have
a diversification if we have more roots
pipeline routes we have Nostrum one we
have no stream two we have Ramallah we
have to grind and transit we have
several capacities and pipelines in the
Mediterranean Sea and then we have a lot
of LNG terminals at that moment they are
not fully used capacity is only used by
15 to 20 percent and so I think this
brings competition to the gas market and
we also have storage capacity all over
Europe and competition normally brings
lower prices and so what the consumer
and also our industry can benefit for it
and therefore I think we have to
convince our other European partners
that it's a good idea Casa plans to
Europe have been disrupted several times
in the past years because of key of
Moscow disputes over Ukraine and gas
import debt Susan Moscow's goal to avoid
the unreliable transit partner
legitimate enough and is it Nordstrom to
going to bring a more reliable gas
supply to Europe North stream to is the
shortest way to bring the gas to Central
Europe and the European Union we are
still working also having a combined
single market on energy and an ask us as
well and so we implemented for example
rivers flow so that we can also supply
the countries in southern Europe or in
Eastern Europe so I hopefully we will
have an additional increasing of the
security of supply so of course when it
comes to gas and oil and energy in
general it oftentimes becomes a
political thing for instance the polish
Prime Minister sees nordstrom - as a
political project aimed at undermining
Central Europe there's a Ukrainian
Member of Parliament who is comparing
the anis - to the molotov-ribbentrop
pact in the 39 how are statements like
that affecting the project's perception
in your country in Germany you know we
say and we think it's not a political
project it's a private project it's
privately motivated it's privately
financed there is no public finance if
you look maybe to what the Polish
government now at the moment tries to it
establish LNG terminal or the - LNG
terminal and they also want to build a
new pipe and it's this system may be or
will be supported for example by the
European Union and I welcome this
project as well because it also
diversifies the roots and the
diversifies the markets and and so it
can bring more competition and more
security of supply now the European
Commission wants to take over not stream
- negotiations from Germany and bother
them down in bureaucracy and red tape
all Germans insists it's their right to
handle talks on their own will Berlin
confront Brussels over this we are
negotiating at the moment and as I
mentioned before we want to have a see
European energy market also and gas as
well but we also have a national energy
mix so far for example in Germany we
decided to face out nuclear others
decided to face in nuclear or to stay
with no clear and if the European
Commission would take over
responsibility or they would give the
final approval for pipelines or for LNG
projects or also for storage
maybe facilities then it would affect
directly this national sovereignty on
the energy mix and so I think that's not
a good idea to have it with this
perspective and the Economist magazine
quotes a European Commission official as
saying that if it was the Norwegian
Statoil there will be no problem so this
has nothing to do with gas this is a
European Commission's personal grudge
against gas prong right I'm not sure
about this this is a against Gazprom but
the European Commission and a lot of
member states and also Africa level
colleagues from the polymer from other
European Parliament's they are afraid to
be more dependent to Russian gas and so
that's because the resources we have in
the European Union the North Sea are
shrinking and Norwegian or in the Noah's
North Sea or Great Britain also an init
allons and so there there is the fear
that the dependency grows but if you
have a pipeline this pipeline you can't
move it you like an LNG ship or an oil
tanker he can go from Qatar to Japan as
well as to Western Europe for example
and the pipeline is there so I see a
pipeline is brings a both way dependence
we need the gas and Russia needs the
money for
from the guests too and Gazprom for for
the for the federal for the budget and
the to to do other I don't think so
I'm I'm not too afraid that that will
increase our temp and depend dependency
so like you're saying Europe's gas
demand is expected to rise within the
next decade with British and Dutch
production falling and Norway freezing
some of its oil and gas projects
Brussels wants to pull the plug on gas
prom in Europe but does it have a
back-up plan for the day Europe faces a
gas shortage there are a lot of
scenarios and and a lot of perspective
if that the gas demand will increase or
mmm stay that the same nobody knows
exactly we are doing heavenly we are
working heavenly on the Renewable sector
for example but I think gas will play a
key role even in the renewable age in
the future if you look to the
electricity we need backup capacity and
this has to come out from conventional
and I think also from a co2 point from a
decarbonizing point of view it's better
to have gas in the mix in the long run
then for example a hard coal or lignite
coal so I think gas is a intelligent
partner for renewables and we can also
use this pipeline system for
transporting hydrogen for example or
other things so this infrastructure is
not only limited to the fossil age and
therefore I think pipeline system
combined with storage capacities and LNG
terminals all over Europe is a good
thing and a win-win situation for all
participants European Commission wants
to amend the EU gas directive and
proposed changes will actually harm
nordstrom to know but Germany is saying
that the possible amendments aren't
applicable under European or
international law so why would Russell
has come forward with proposal
that are known to be bad yeah that's at
the moment to be negotiated and there
it's at the moment they are talks and at
the moment there are some lawyers on
working on that and then finally we have
to find a solution and I hope that we
find a common solution for Europe which
increases security of a blood supply for
everybody what about like the five
European companies from Germany and
France and United Kingdom Austria
invested ten billion euros in a project
shouldn't Brussels protect their
interests as well we we have a market
orientated approach in Europe we want to
have a single European energy market and
we want to mobilise as much private
money as possible for increasing and
building the infrastructure so that's
the one hand side and we have to balance
it on the other side of course the
European Commission is concerned as some
other states we were talking about that
the dependency on Russia or to other
partners will increase and therefore we
have to pay - - to balance this but
basically I think it's it's good that we
have a lot of European companies
cooperating and investing in this
project with private money all right mr.
Pfeiffer we're going to take a short
break right now and when we're back
we'll continue talking to Joaquin
Pfeiffer energy Speaker of the Christian
Democratic Union Party in the German
Bundestag we'll talk more about the
North stream - pipeline project and the
opposition is true from overseas stay
tuned
and we're back with working Pfeiffer the
energy Speaker of the Christian
Democratic Union Party in a German
Bundestag discussing Europe's energy
security and controversy around the Nord
Stream two pipeline project mr. Pfeiffer
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sees
Nordstrom too as a threat to European
energy security and the pipeline will be
able to provide a quarter of Europe's
annual gas imports and will reduce the
price of Russian gas by almost a half
does the u.s. have a proper
understanding of the European energy
market from a strategic point of view I
understand that there are fears also in
us that they say okay if Europe gets
more dependent to Russia that brings a
static threat
maybe if we think of the discussions we
had in the last year's maybe if you look
to a crane where Russia violated
international law occupying the Crim
that isn't acceptable and we have to
talk about this and we will not accept
but the the talks must go on and I think
we have to talk more to each other and
to find also solution for a lot of
political economic technical cultural
issues and initiatives and so I think it
is also good to have more
diversification on the energy sector and
US for example is now number one gas
producer and supplier in the world and
if they transport the LNG also to Europe
we have another possibility and so this
brings competition and it brings also
security of supply so I don't see that
we are increasing the security or
decreasing the security of supply I see
it the other way around and therefore I
think we need and should take all
pipeline projects all
she projects all storage projects we can
get mm-hmm I agree with you but then
there's Joan mckarrick from the US State
Department's Bureau for energy resources
and he dismissed a very idea of
Nordstrom true can be built
Amanda's wonder how can Washington
assess with this kind of confidence what
can or can't be built in Europe yeah
they have to own interest and have
altered their strategic interest that
they are also the u.s. heav'nly
investing in the energy infrastructure
and so it's natural they also want to
have share of the cake
and Russia wants to have a share of the
cake and maybe in future times Iran and
other states from the far Middle East
will have some shares in the cake and
that's the way the market works and so I
think that's that's okay but why we
should leave it to the market to the
market signals what is good for security
of supply what is good for competition
for the prices and what kind of products
we will have and we should not decide it
Polly on a political base so for me it's
also not accepted well rather than
Russia northern US is deciding maybe
what German companies or European
companies are investing in or which
infrastructure we are building in
Germany or in in Europe I think that's a
German and it's a European decision yeah
you're right the United States has its
own interest and is openly calling
openly calling for European states to
reject norstrom - but what kind of
leverage
can it exert over European states who
can Washington sway talking to the
national governments they are talking to
members of parliament also had some
exchange with American representatives
and with members of the State Department
and we were exchanged in fuse and I
think at least try to explain why I see
the
more pipelines and more infrastructure
brings more security of supply and what
is the reason for our decision and so at
least we were more or less 90 percent we
had to save about at the end of the
Custis a meeting but there is still a
gap and we have to talk on this as well
but finally we decide what
infrastructure we build and what we not
build so the Americans are important
imposing sanctions against Russian
companies involved in Nordstrom - from
the German side how is Berlin planning
to work around those there is you're not
only in the energy sector a tendency to
protectionism and it is that bothers me
and I think open markets free trade is
key for growth and key for increasing
the welfare of the participating nations
and so I personally oppose any put
protectionism in the energy sector as
well as in in other sectors and so we
have to work keep on working hard that
we keep the markets open I first think
multilateral approaches in the WTO is
the right approach if this is not
working because we saw in the last years
that it's very slowly then we maybe if
we're quicker and faster with bilateral
approaches then we should do that but
open markets are key for prosperous
development so Nordstrom - promises tens
of billions in potential welfare
increase for all the 28 EU states which
means also those who are arguing against
it are these potential profits big
enough to silence the naysayers nobody
knows what will finally be the profit
but if we have a short
and Machado route with not stream to its
put potentially cheaper to bring the gas
to Central Europe and then everybody can
benefit and so that we will that we will
see what happened so Nordstrom one
remember Matt similar strong opposition
and it's time the same concerns where
race and about a political influence gas
dependence but the pipeline is working
fine and Europe is still independent
last time I checked so why are the same
arguments raised against North stream -
I mean is there anything drastically
different about this project the
geopolitical situation is different yeah
it was not stream one took place before
we had the developments in the Ukraine
and so on and that's concerns a lot of
people in Europe especially in Eastern
Europe and the Baltic states as well as
in in Poland and Ukraine and Romania and
so on they they they are fear a kind of
new cold war and warn energy and so
maybe so these concerns are also fed by
the Russian behavior in the in the last
year's but if you think what what's the
alternative
it's better right but that's my whole
point the first pipeline first Nordstrom
didn't cause the Cold War did it why
would the second one but it's all about
money it's all about they profit no I
didn't say that
Nordstrom to is is causing it but I say
but the Russian behavior against Ukraine
and other things changed in the last
year's there are also hostile activities
on the Baltic Sea and and in in the air
which we thought both that we
have not anymore and they remember I was
I grew up in the cold Ward so I know
what happens well happens there and I
think Russia should change its behavior
in this man and this sector I mean I
feel like there are double standards
here because of course I understand the
Europe or Germany are worried about the
whole political situation but you're
still buying the gas yeah I see it's a
two-way dependency Russia wants to sell
the gas and if there is a pipeline it
only can sell the gas why are the
pipeline and Europe and Germany needs
needs to guess so it's a win-win
situation for for both and I and there
are bilateral or there are problems
political problems we have to talk about
and therefore we also implemented
sanctions on various sectors and so
hopefully I think to the to the to the
to the table and talk and I think what
there are the Russians didn't behave the
right way in the last in the last years
and so that's that's now also the
reflection in in the public and on the
political arena but all I'm saying is
you're aboard us all I'm saying that we
both agreed that we're sort of
interdependent when it comes to gas so
why generated extra trouble why it
doesn't really make any sense when
political thing is a political thing but
this is all about gas and money and we
both need each other here yeah that's
that's true but we are also not naive of
course energy is also always a political
issue but didn't you just say that
wasn't a political issue there is a
market issue I mean energy they yeah of
course that then it's both the per the
pipeline project is privately initiated
and privately financed yeah but the
energy discussion for example the
fulfillment of the European single
market and energy is of course a
politically political issue and
dependency and fears of security of
supply are also political issues the
energy issue is a polity is a political
issue because without energy the the
economies are not able to work if you
remember what happened at the beginning
of the 70s it affected the whole lot of
countries and the whole the world
economy and brought it in a in a crisis
and so it would be naive to say energy
is not a political issue all right mr.
Pfeffer i really hope all sides can work
out their differences on this and the
pipeline actually will start to function
thanks a lot for this interview who are
talking to what can fight for energy
speaker of the Christian Democratic
Union Party and the German Bundestag
discussing the Nord Stream 2 pipeline
project and what it means for the
European energy market that's it for
this edition of Sophie and Corral see
you next time
