Russia's Defense Ministry has released
video of tests of its latest missile
systems among the new weapon is the
hypersonic kinjal or dig dagger missile
which can go 10 times the speed of sound
and is said to be capable about smarting
all existing defense systems and then
there's the SAR map rocket to an
intercontinental ballistic missile which
has a vast range and can carry multiple
nuclear warheads our T's correspondent
modern gas TF was granted exclusive
access to Russia's latest nuclear
deterrent
meet satan as natives come to call this
the r-36m2 hundred and nine tons of
nuclear armageddon it is a paradox if
these things ever launched an anger it
likely mean the end of human
civilization and yet it is that very
fact that guarantees that no sane man
will ever press the red button
the are 36m Terry's as many as 10
nuclear warheads as well as decoys and
countermeasures it's been in service for
nigh on 40 years now is time for
something new something a little more
powerful
