skipper's Elsa was the boy yes the
corner pretends to be Raghu
the pistachio need to be down here to
your land back in New York a few weeks
ago Connor said a few things about your
teammates your family your fellow
countrymen it's Connor safe going to
Russia these days sorry well sorry what
one way again sort of a corner said a
lot of things about your fellow
countrymen and your family is he safe
going to Russia these days
he can say whatever he want
when alcoholic someone drunk I talk
nobody cares about him we just leave him
alone
ignore him and when we go to the cage we
will see who gonna talk just lastly the
wake up we know it's always difficult
how much have you got left to cut to cut
tonight and how much you aim right now
wait because it's all always is hard
always it's a Thursday this is my weight
cut day and you know that's why I don't
wanna be wait for someone 30 minute
forty minute
that's why 3:00 p.m. press conference
after press conference I had to go home
and focus on my World Cup
happy question for you win or lose we
shake Connors hand after the fight win
or lose we shake on his hand after the
fight I'm gonna shake his hand after the
fight we don't lose no no way
no way
why not because
I can beam over here I know you're on a
strict schedule how much time are you
gonna wait for Connor to get here do you
have to leave after a certain period of
time
I don't know I have not gone I will say
maybe two minute maybe 20 minutes I'm
gonna let you know guys before I live
Tony Ferguson was in the media day today
and he brought his belt he believes he's
the real champion what's your response
to that and you have to be new you have
to be new when you fight like this
high-level fight you know you have to
believe you the champ nobody can beat oh
it's okay I am okay about this but I am
NOT okay about when Danis a where's
Colonel belts I am NOT okay about this
because Donna already know where's
Colonel belt
Mark Sullivan happy no Mohammed oh he
have to know but you know he bring
within belts like believe his self it's
okay I'm okay okay about this and but
tell this guy hey he lose his belt he
lose his mind two years he didn't fight
in UFC last question I know there's some
rumors around a 165 belt being
introduced one day would you be
interested in fighting for a hundred
sixty-five pounds that's absolutely not
I like this favor
I like this weight why not 165 175 or
170 like I think in future you actually
gonna do these weights like right now I
don't know and I don't think about this
way to you know because after tomorrow I
have biggest fight in UFC sir and I'm on
focus on this fight visualize Saturday
night
what's your vision happening in the
Octagon how I see fight is going I think
like beginning of the first round I have
to be careful with him because he have
good timing good boxing you know and but
my resting and my pressure my resting is
my pressure he have to kill me for
stopping you know inshallah I'm gonna
stop this guy I'm gonna finish this guy
this is my plan
Kabhi Kabhi over here khabib to your
rights
Dana I'm given what's happened in the
build-up to this and in New York and the
way you've been with each other the
discussion of Islam the whiskey last
week has this become bigger than just a
fight in a steel cage on a Saturday
night
and honestly this is for me
this is more than defend my title for me
it's more than fight for the title more
than main event you know for me it's
personal honest it for me is personal
and of course this is biggest fight in
UFC history and we can√°-- broke this
record numbers already talked about this
and you know for me it's personal
finally do you believe that the way
Conor McGregor behaves not turning up on
time disrespects you as the champion and
the sport I don't care about this I
don't care about this you know most
important this is believe myself this is
most important I don't care about
someone believe me or not you know this
is I don't care happy you said before
that you're gonna give him 25 minutes in
Jo inside the Octagon do you still feel
the same way is the fight going to
decision maybe maybe maybe decision
maybe I'm gonna finish him you know but
all the time when he tired he give up
this is all the time like before fights
he talk like I'm ready for this I'm
ready for this when he fight with Diaz
when the fight is my whether like but
when he tired he give up all the time
over to your left
how do you think your level of hunger
and this fight compares to Connors don't
say that again honey I'm sorry I was a
benefactor how do you think your level
of hunger compares to Connors
sorry about this because like I don't
hear of course I believe myself of
course how I come here if I don't
believe myself I am UFC champion
undefeated undisputed if you don't
believe yourself high we can take this
you know I believe God first and after I
believe myself you know you know why I'm
here because God helped me that's why
I'm here do you want this more than
Conner does now that Conner has money
and fame who's hungrier Wilson Saturday
night I'm gonna show this Saturday night
all question is gonna be answered
Saturday night please wait
two more days and Dana for you you had
expressed in the past concern that
McGregor may not be hungry because he
made all that money and has all that
fame now that this fight has been made
what do you think about his hunger that
McGregor might what you didn't know if
he would take another fight because he
made a ton of money and already
accomplished what he had wanted what do
you think about his level of hunger ya
know basically what I said is when a guy
makes a hundred million dollars you
don't know if he's ever gonna fight
again
you know Conor made a lot of money and
and he went and I'm sure he had a lot of
fun and did what he wanted to do and you
know the no matter how much money you
make you can only sit home for so long
and you start to go crazy and this you
can tell this guy is passionate about
fighting he loves it he loves breaking
records and he obviously loves making
money so he's back
just wing Lika me what do you think of
the crowd here because they've been very
loud leading into this fight does it
affect you at all dealing with the boos
has it affected you mentally and why
surprised there's no more Russian fans
yeah I love this fence you know because
without this fan this event is not not
happen you know and thank you so much
guys they come here buy tickets by thick
as I plan they come you know like
without faces nothing happened
thank you so much and these guys give me
motivation you know it's ok they have to
they have to support this guy I am okay
about this thank you guys
hey guys 15 minutes 15 minutes I'm here
these guys didn't come this is big
disrespect and thank you so much
tomorrow 9 a.m. I'm gonna show you my
weight and shoe tomorrow guys have a
good night
all right this is awkward
okay Tina we got a question for you all
right in the center in the back straight
ahead hey what's up go can you give an
update you said yesterday the
pay-per-view is tracking can you give us
any updates has it changed since
yesterday it's crazy
the tracking all the numbers are
tracking higher than Mayweather McGregor
and you know this is a this fight as the
global fight the whole world literally
will be watching this fight so I don't
know man it's huge its massive I don't
want to come out and say we're gonna do
Mayweather McGregor numbers but we could
possibly do Mayweather McGregor numbers
this Habib leaving I start getting you
know stare down today how does this
affect the final days building up to
this way it doesn't you know obviously
this wasn't the plan today and you know
this is uh yeah this shit happens
so you out there Connor didn't show up
on time are you upset cookie Bluff now
they'll both be at the winds tomorrow on
time and we'll get the staredown
tomorrow when it matters when the
flights actually gonna to be honest with
you I prefer that anyway tomorrow we saw
the staredown in New York I want to see
the staredown tomorrow that's that's the
one I'm I'm interested in and just going
back to what you said earlier about 165
why are you so adamantly against adding
it what never been talked about it's
it's it's fake news so just just the
concept of it why do you not like it I
don't like anything about it it depletes
the 55-pound division and all the guys
that can't win titles at 55 or 70 are
gonna run to 65 and try to win a title
Dayna the press conferences the press
conference is always a good way they did
I guess people to satiate their appetite
for a fight like this are you
disappointed with how things have turned
out here listen this shit happens like I
said we had a press conference in New
York this one was you know not what we
planned not how we planned it to go down
but at the end of the day you know like
I always say about McGregor with the
with the mental warfare games that go on
and all the things that are said there's
a counter to it right there I'm here on
time I did I spoke to the media I'm out
of here so I'm not gonna play your game
and wait for you and you know this is
all part this is all part of the part of
the shit that goes on leading up to the
fight this is a contractual obligation
for Afrikaner to be here we've seen what
happened in the past with Diaz not
showing up dokkan conference is that are
there any consequences for anything of
this nature is what contact watches
Dayna jim.green slobber cage side-seat
you said from the beginning when you
guys came in that this is a global sport
you can go anywhere in the world and
people love to watch two guys fight is
this literally what you had in mind a
guy from Ireland and a guy from Dagestan
the biggest fight in the UFC history I
mean this is what you planned for all
along and what you said was coming how
does it feel now that you're here with a
fight like this
yeah I've talked to many people about
that this week you know as you continue
to grow the sport and and and you know
go into all these different countries
and find new talent and as technology
continues to get better with OTT and
literally the world can tune in and
watch a fight together so yeah we're
there this is just the beginning of of
getting to that place that I used to
talk about and you're a big boxing guy
do you think now Conor is the biggest
sell in combat sports is he the biggest
star with this fight coming in coming
back and what he did against Mayweather
Mayweather had a couple fights around
500,000 buys and then he fights Pacquiao
and Conor but is it safe to say Conor is
the biggest star in the world in combat
sports and 100 and and if you look at
what he's done you think about this when
you talk about Floyd Mayweather's
numbers
Floyd Mayweather it's been fighting for
20 years Conor McGregor has not been
around for 20 years and he's been
pulling big numbers you know pretty much
right after he got in here so the answer
that is absolutely absolutely
Dane I want to ask if you have any
updates about John Jones any opponent
cinema and anything you can tell us and
also what do you think about the you
said a deal that he didn't know John
Jones isn't in shape yet John Jones
hasn't trained as he got ready so he's
got to get into camp before we can even
think about when he's gonna fight I'd
like to see him fight at the end of the
year at the beginning of next year but
we'll see and what was the last question
you asked about what do you think about
the you said a deal that he had the
whole yes snitching thing what do I
think about these shot of thing you sada
they got a deal that he that he I guess
they made a deal
you started made a deal with him right
then he fee tales information fighters
and one word
saying right now you sada is the only
thing I understood out of that so he
made a deal with him right they call it
like the supposed to be snitching giving
information about other fighters you
talking about John John's yes yeah and
what would happen with John John's and
you sadder like yeah you'd have to ask
Jeff Novitzky about that I don't know
enough about it to honestly give you an
educated answer on that door your photos
a so much easier I don't I don't give a
shit about drug testing anymore I'm out
of that business you sodded does it all
right that was the biggest nightmare of
my life hey hey Dana
yeah I'll be the other side I know you
were on an Instagram chat and you'd
mention that nadir like you would talk
to Nate Diaz about that Madison Square
Garden headlining event is that is there
any update on that good I said I would
talk to him about it
well you said somebody asked him down
there that fight should be five rounds
okay yes is there an MSA deal we could
make it five rounds do they agree to
that though not only do it dude
that's the last thing I'm thinking about
right now I'm not even I know I'm so top
there right now I'm here all right
before he left but do you have any
insight into why his father was denied a
visa again didn't have any insight into
what do it any uh any inside information
about why his father was denied a visa
again why kabhi kabhi father his father
didn't get a visa you I didn't know and
and also just curious because Conner is
habitually late
how much logistically goes into giving
leeway for venue rentals and things like
that just to make sure the UFC doesn't
get dinged too hard on fines what's the
question how much leeway do do you plan
for logistically speaking for Conner to
be late listen when I when I got here I
got here at 2:00 257 they said
Conner was on the car and I was on his
way here so they said just hang cars on
the car on his way here he said I'm not
waiting I'm doing the press conference
I'm a professional and I was here at
3:00
Dayna I mean you're taking the situation
in stride pretty well right let me give
a shit right now
heat listen he just said what he had to
say he's gonna show up here in a minute
and he'll answer everybody's questions
and do whatever and you know what I mean
then tomorrow we're gonna have these two
faceoff at the weigh-ins they're gonna
weigh in they're gonna face off and on
Saturday they're gonna fight we're here
man this is all I care about is the
weigh-ins in the fight listen would we I
know that this fights so big that
everybody had a lot of questions and
everybody wants to you know he answered
his questions he's going to come answer
his and then tomorrow is one of my
favorite days leading up to the fight
and then Saturday I can't wait to least
to walk out of the tunnel but you know
the world war to see them face off the
day man everybody want to see that
they're gonna see them face off tomorrow
when it really counts one that we both
know that they both made weight you know
what I mean they're both mentally
wherever they are after these weight
cuts and going into Saturday you cannot
deny that the weigh-ins on Friday are
the best day other than the fight when
they square off and that's what I'm
looking forward to we did this thing
they're gonna answer some questions
whatever people have and you know Dana
Dana over here to your left
yeah right here is today the biggest day
of your professional career yeah it's
definitely one of them I mean there's a
when you talk about my professional
career there's been a lot of a lot of
big days signing the deal with ESPN was
a very big day in my career signing the
deal we did with Fox and many other days
but when you talk about fights and the
magnitude of a fight and you know the
amount of people that are interested in
the fight definitely as a fight fan
yourself could you maybe rank the hype
of this fight compared to maybe other
boxing fights in history or MMA fights
well I think if you look at the history
of big fights in boxing or any other
sport to get over two million
pay-per-view buys is almost impossible
you look at some of the biggest ones
Mayweather and De La Hoya and Mayweather
Canelo Tyson and
I don't even think Tyson and Lennox
Lewis broke two million didn't write
Lennox Lewis and Mike Tyson didn't break
2 million pay-per-view buys so it's big
it's very hard to do and this thing is
trending to smash 2 million so I would
say the hype of this fight is like
nothing I've ever seen before
Dana oh yes to your left
stand it up so everyone's excited about
this fight but we've seen people not
make wait we've seen late injuries how
hard is it to come up with that back-up
plan and you have a great co-main event
how do you choose which fighter gets
trust into the main event if one fighter
has to pull out well then you have to
look at did both those guys make weight
you know there's a lot of different
factors but right now Tony Ferguson is
the guy without a doubt if anything
should happen obviously Tony Ferguson
would be next in line and if you have to
go through that again we've seen we
haven't seen Conor miss a fight but you
can't seem to book kabhi versus Tony to
save your life right that fight never
happens right if you get kabhi versus
Tony which you still be satisfied with
that as a title main event listen that's
that that's not what I want obviously
you know this fight has to happen what
we'll see what happens dude the way
you're thinking and that shit isn't even
in my head right now I don't even want
to think like that oh it's good asked
earlier
go ahead get your last questioning cuz
I'm done after this have you had a
chance to talk to Tony Ferguson it all
this week I said he said this she could
mean her a little bit angry maybe I do
are you guys on your own he's always
angry so that's that's the way he likes
it I think so yeah I'm totally cool with
Tony and uh yeah and if he wins you'd
assume that maybe he's next in line
regardless of you know the Nate and
Dustin fight that everybody saying I see
how it plays out but yeah
all right thanks new time baby notorious
is coming onstage
watching porn in the other shop back in
town looking fucking loved it
that traffic is heavy okay you know
yourself well Connor we appreciate you
coming can you give us an idea what was
going on this afternoon for with your
late arrival and was this a conscious
decision maybe a little bit of a mind
game maybe a little psychology he knew
what he fucking saw him don't fall I've
been layered this their traffic isn't
that heavy that must be a McGregor Floyd
gown I don't know where the little Phil
this he's better off ruining anyway you
know yourself I bet you he was saying a
load of shield pair he didn't say
anything the last time so I mean
whatever it is what it is focused these
things happen you know the face off we
were all looking forward into it today
and maybe that be an opportunity for you
to kind of get in his head a little bit
I mean he just wanted that you don't get
to stare him down today yeah well I mean
don't get I did not plan this I tried to
get here you know I said I'm only a
couple of minutes late for fuck's sake
now my backwards caught he should've
just stayed put but whatever I just saw
him he doesn't want to be around me he
doesn't want to be around these people
he is petrified
he said look at the New York and I
counted he was saying shit while I was
in here so that's the truth of it so hey
it is what it is
fucking or giving you say look plain
face offs and all this year all over me
years
so look I'm here to fight this man
Saturday night he has to make way make
sure he goes against now fuck away off
him that's more important for me I want
them making wait I want them to show up
on Saturday night because he has pulled
out for its very last minute being
rushed out hospital and all these other
follow-ups so get that money that I saw
knit I cook I'm like a chicken Joe
laughs that he is you've accomplished a
lot of incredible things in your career
already but can you kind of use them the
problem with you can you talk about
where this would rank I mean stepping
away for two years from the sport coming
back facing the undefeated you know
unbeatable Russian champion the toughest
stylistic matchup for you where would
this rank in terms of your career
accomplishments it's in no tight day
setting the bar high and knocking it out
of the park oh you plan on knocking that
man's nose straight into the nosebleeds
that's what's gonna happen on Saturday
night and last thing for me Conor I mean
as we break down this fight we see the
two opportunities they mean he may have
is grappling in cardio how much of those
two factors factor into your camp we
know you like to break things down to be
scientific about it so how much were
those the focus of your camp
I've been grappling on wrestling much
heavier man this whole camp 200 pounder
is even only dude even only yesterday
200 pounders 25 minutes straight you
know I have cut no corners here I am
ready for all outcomes
I feel once I hit him he's gonna turn
week I expect panic in him early but we
are prepared for every year every
outcome I also don't give up Alex I've
experienced at all I've got fucking
tired in there I've been on my back in
there I've been I've been in every
scenario you can be in under the
brightest lights in the entire world I
am a veteran so I'm gonna go out here
and do what I am here for to enjoy it
I'm here to enjoy this because
is what I look I'm gonna come L fast
from the Bell pressure him and looked
like I said saying that man's nose
either a nosebleed
for Natasha
Khan announced your left you'll never
beat the fucking Irish you will never
beat the oldest well Las Vegas he only
shot back in ten we fucking love it
Connor you just say it yourself they're
the fans work they're in New York
they're here today is this the way
always should have been
this is what I campaign for it in New
York as well I almost wasn't gonna show
up to the New York Press comments it's
great to see the fans here know they're
gonna keep coming and coming and coming
and it's gonna be a great a great fight
week so I'm very very excited I'm filled
with energy seeing my people come here
and support me and I look forward to
going I'm making every single one of
yours proud on Saturday night thank you
so much truly from the bottom of my
heart it's good to be back
the beach tang is belt around Tony
Ferguson's carrying about around
where are your belts I was in Oh Julio
joy the egg on that in me gasps telling
me bad dream at the minute but I
actually do I actually forgot the muscle
came out but there's a bloke come back
to get them but because I was late and
cause that little backwards Koontz
printed off the stage I was like fuck it
I'll just come on the damn stage let
them carry it out let them carry our
fake bells let them do this in the or ah
it's all good to me
I'm here only know who the king is and
I'm gonna show it on Saturday night you
mentioned it a minute ago about in
making weight part of him reason living
earlier was because he says he wants to
get on schedule to go and make the
weight tomorrow if he doesn't do we
still have a fight you know it meters
always the food going on somewhere we
don't give up Alex about the weight or
any of that but he must make that way
for the championship way but it because
in we'll figure it out when it when we
get to it I'm point and know that
yesterday at the open work ends could be
had a few things to say about the Irish
language and about your family and
obviously now you don't get the chance
to a fight them directly well what do
you have to say to those comments that
he made yeah you should never take
information from an informant you should
keep distance from the informant at all
times and that's putting it for the
media that's the friendly way upon it
his manager is a fucking snitch
terrorist rat and that's him
I could go with their heavy detail and I
will and I will go into heavy detail he
was pulled off of a flight told from
Cairo Egypt to New York City on
September 11 2001 he was caught with
five passports in his possession he
turned informant and torn down the
people that he was walking with he is
self or you don't even know who our man
is in this fucking country but all face
and I'm sure everyone here the earliest
people I facing all this a immigrations
to from the way over my own people are
faced and my family it's getting stopped
at the airport is not and then you've
got this man with such a crazy
background ali abdel aziz and he's
rockin around free
it's a page believed to be honest play
don't ever take information from an
informant and that's what that man is
the own he's a rap asset and I'm gonna
get him on Saturday night he responded
to the Irish fans is something he's
never done before do you think the
presence of all these Irish fans air has
kind of gotten to him mentally fuck him
and his mentality we don't give a fuck
about him my heart is black towards this
man towards his team towards his people
I could see I could truly see the inside
of that man's head and smile oh he don't
give a fuck about with him or his people
like I said that is way deeper shit than
just a fully on Saturday night so it is
what it is I'm here I'm gonna sell this
then all the way from myself and then
see what happens after that
right here Conner they said you couldn't
get an aldose head they said you
couldn't get Eddie Alvarez his head do
you think that urine could beeps head
right now he's obviously not here for
the press conference where you at with
that where is he yeah he sprinted over
here I mean it's clear this day but
again I don't really care about his
mental idea what he's think and I do not
give a fuck I am rootless Here I am
coming to put a hole in this man's skull
didn't my knuckle into his orbital bone
and that's what I am gonna do you said
this is a very personal fight you have
been very gracious before and went in in
wins and also in defeats do you see
yourself being able to kind of squash
the beef after fighting with him will
you accept your hand after the fight on
Saturday night fuck peace there will
never be peace here I always say you
should aim for peace but if you can't
aim for peace aim between the eyes and
that's it I'm gonna aim right between
that man's eyes and
is never over never ever ever over mr.
McGregor how are you Israeli television
nice to meet you
let's talk about whiskey for one second
we have in the crowd the crowd seems to
be very pleased about that but your
whiskey hasn't been announced in Israel
it hasn't arrived yet and I wonder if
it's good because in some places I've
read in the Business Insider it's a boy
and boy have a drink of it now tell me
what you think there's always going to
be B grudges and people I hate and this
and that the idea comes with the
territory when you're at the top of the
game
trust me it is the tastiest Irish whisky
there is on the planet all you fucking
love it I know you don't give up
bollocks
or anyone says I'm not even trying to
sell it just have a sip of it just take
a little jelly enjoy yourself now not
you too smelly you can't keep emailing
I'm putting in a negative shit you ask
boy bollocks me just for the early days
people have when they tell their tree I
want everyone in this building to scream
I've been chopping their lungs fucking
Jamie's here brothers one two three
fucking Jamie's ship flutters yes come
before it all may seems like it's
selling out in a lot of different places
especially here in Las Vegas have you
been getting any numbers back on how
well it's been doing it's exceeded
expectations it's actually blown the
people like I'm in involved with a
couple of people that are involved in
the liquor business their entire life
and they've never seen anything like
this and I've just got to thank my fans
and my people who are supporting me that
love that they've shown me for this you
say whiskey I myself I'm actually blown
away it has skyrocketed well actually we
were trying to meet the demand now so
we're in the stage where we're trying to
get the glass screwed more glass created
and keep the whiskey flowing so bear
with us put that it's out of the park
I tell you what though it's flown in Las
Vegas but is for you we know that we got
that stirred like there Wars at the last
press conference you have so much
information about Kebede that a lot of
people I guess unless they're really
entrenched in the score don't really
know about is that part of the art of
war to you is learning as much
information about your opponent as
possible I just observed I know every
shut everyone trousers I know every move
everyone makes that's it I just keep my
eyes on the game that I run that's it I
overlooked my empire with our Hawkeye so
that's it yesterday khabib started to
talk about stuff from your past what do
you think that means that that he went
and looked up information about yo me
Bella
we tell each other a little a thanks
yeah good man
oh sorry about you what'd you say that's
alright up so what do you think it means
that he went in and started looking
informant that's it I don't care what
he's saying whatever it's all good that
may mean it's closing in on fight time
you just cook yourself and that fucking
sonic you smelly Pakistani right and
beat it on footy at that weigh-in and
beat it on shiny I fucking for you
that's it
say what you want we don't give up
bollocks and I Paulie have another balls
enough to stay here but a couple of
minutes actually he got our here he
spotters chance that went running and
that's you like in the fight I believe
he'll spot an exit and you're trying to
take it but I won't let it happen
Corner corner over here to your left
Dana was worried for a while that you
wouldn't come back it made too much
money he's mentioned falling out of love
with the game are you here to stay the
place is buzzing to have you back are
you all in yes that's that's why I'm
here
the fans the law of the energy and you
know I
can't beat that truly you can't be that
it's it's as addictive as this tasty
proper to have whiskey but you know
what's also good about was also a good
thing about Mooney or what's also better
than money more fucking money so that's
here there's a lot more coming in and
the fights I just love to be here and do
what I'm doing and I'm just gonna keep
their own and that's here I'm only two
or three years of a it's just gone I'm
very very young in the game although
I've been around and I'm experienced I'm
only a young for your compared to the
rest in the game so I'm here for another
good one yet you said this is never
gonna be over with Habib do you see
yourself maybe fighting him more than
once or if you get the devastating
knockout you say you're gonna get is
this the end of it in terms of in the
cage let's see what happens I don't know
let's see I'd like to fight Ali I'd like
to find out rap acid I like if I hit him
somewhere
what's he yeah man whanau of him
non-stop I hear he he's had a few fights
oh I may want to fuck I may want to
spark Cappy and headline that Madison
Square Garden a card Knicks when it's
not November 1 November toward so that's
less than a month away from this one I
may want to do that one that's what I'm
thinking off to be honest so let's see
what happened lovely get their free
promo started a snitch versus an hour
oil a proper animal so let's go counter
right here cage cytosine I want to ask
you about your legacy we already talked
to data he said he thinks you're the
biggest star in combat sports in the
world right now and that's hard to argue
with the numbers that you're generating
and the fans that are here from all over
the world where does your legacy go from
here when it's already so big everything
that's already happened in your career
just keep on my team keeps showing up
looking for a knock and give it at the
end of the day when I sign up you're
gonna get a fight that's known for a
fact I come out fast I come out
aggressive and it's a damn fight there's
no holding there's none of this stalling
it's a straight knock so that's it I'm
gonna keep doing what I'm doing my
legacy a sentence down to a watch I'm in
the force the only everything is I just
keep on going and see what happens
what would you describe your level of
hunger to be now that you don't have to
worry about money you have your hands
and a lot of different projects and
might could be be hungrier than you
no no I'm starvin oh yeah I'm starving
for this man's head oh yeah I'm gonna
eat that eat him alive in here and I
don't give up bollocks so there's no way
this man sweeter than me
there's nobody that's hunger than me in
this game oh don't stop
1 2 1 2 on it I'm 24/7 on this game so
that's it go ahead who's that
yes I see you used to say that you want
to come to Las Vegas maybe a month
before or 40 days before to get used to
the climate and to get away with the jet
lag how come you haven't done this this
time out it's hard to leave our land
when you're in it it's a damn good place
to be the air to be able everything it's
my home it's where I'm from so I spend a
lot more time in Ireland this time but
I've also spent I've also done the
rounds in Las Vegas I've been here for
many many months on end so I'm
experienced with the Las Vegas climate
also so I said I'll stay in my beautiful
home of Ireland and then come out a
little bit later and that's what we
don't I feel great I'm energized up I'm
a day from the wayans of lots of energy
so I'm very very happy with it we've
done it perfectly a couple of weeks ago
you looked at khabib into the eye and
you're going to do that again tomorrow
what will you try what what did you see
back then and what do you think you will
see tomorrow I saw a man that does not
want to be here to be honest and like
you saw there he got out of there quick
stuff so that's what I saw but hey you
can't run now now you're married now
what's in front of you so I'm excited
about that
Josie Aldo was also a fighter that
hadn't lost on her in a very long time
like a bee pass and he came out very
very clear aggressively in the first
round do you think we will see something
similar with Kabira he's afraid of a
Claddagh make no mistake he does not
like to be hit he has novice reactions
he's a flincher we call them and in in
the novice ranks that's what he is
so he's also easily backed up so I'm
very prepared and very aware of what to
expect in here and it ain't nothing that
phases me
Conor Conor how are you doing what's up
mate her things good how are you very
good thanks
you've got more money than you'll ever
need to spend you've done it you your
inner for the love of the Conor
yes look at all the funds you have here
thank you
they are we are and the Irish members of
the media want to see you fight and
Dublin again when's that gonna happen
so I said to you that day say again I
said where is the Dublin for you
I mean I know I know the situations with
the crow Park stadiums I know we want to
do big big big but I mean I tell you
what a fight in the ring sword or
throwing the rings hood on sale circular
Road where I've made my boxing debut or
my MMA debut also I made it the ringside
club next to the National Stadium and if
it's a it's a pope and if it's about 50
people what I fucking for evening and
that's I mean you gotta ask you gotta
ask these guys here you got a stain and
these guys because I am certainly I
certainly most most most most fight in
Ireland before I call it a day where
there's a will there's a way Conor
you've got the will thank you sir I
appreciate that and you're dead right
you're dead right recently about how the
sport needs more weight classes you sort
of compared it to boxing somebody in
your position you know a push from you
would sort of mean a lot in that sense
the you see doesn't seem too keen on 165
but with guys like Nate Diaz does employ
a pushing for that how necessary do you
think 165 is for the OC I think I think
it would I think would benefit we have
more champions I think with an overlook
we could help people help athletes in
their way good situation I don't think
it's the be-all end-all I think when
people are campaigning for these weight
classes and campaigning for anything in
general with the UFC or what anything
they usually use are more of a
complaining tactic or like a they don't
do this work and it's like a whining
tactic I think you need to sit down and
discuss all aspects of it and what the
pros and what the cons are and then
figure it out I personally believe it
would benefit having more belts on the
law and potential jewel weight rebel
weight champions etc etc it would make
more for to pay more more juicy paper
views and I feel I feel we could sit
down and figure it out and and we get we
get here we get we could get to a
solution I am far at the 155 165 175 185
1/9
205 and embassy where were not to look
too far in the future but would you
potentially see your near future at 165
if that was a possibility to potentially
claim another belt I mean have you
followed my career mate or you could go
180 boy boy we don't give our bollocks
right if there's a fight there that
interests me I'll take it so I would I
would like the 165 pound belt I think I
but I'd also like to own 70 pound belt
so I mean we'll see what happens we'll
see what happens I think the game has
gone through a stage where we're looking
to we're looking to make it better for
for the the athletes who are competing
and the struggles of the weight class
and then also the more belts we carry
but I understand like boxing's the way
boxing has gone and things like that
there's there's like hesitation to it
but again I think if we sit down if we
map out the pros and cons I think we can
come to a correct correct solution that
that benefits everyone I'm gonna take
one more question
feels like your mental warfare game is
actually surpassed even Muhammad
Muhammad Ali I'm curious about your
thoughts about about that comment thank
you so much Dana
I appreciate you the Kohen words I true
I I also have a have nothing but good
things to say about you you're an OG of
the fight game the work you've put in
over the years to get this sport today
today each pinnacle honestly you don't
get enough credit that you truly deserve
even this new ESPN deal that we've got
like when you ran so powered out and I
was like wow that's I did I wasn't on
sure what would happen and then with the
ESPN deal done it's like you're a true
pioneer and an OG at the fight game and
it's an honor to be up here doing
business with you I know we've had our
ups and downs and our and I wore lace
here put it's an honor brother alright
thank you so much so thank you for them
client words about Muhammad Ali and
always you tell the truth no matter what
you tell the truth like me also so he's
saying about Muhammad Ali in the mental
warfare
I respect that and appreciate that board
Muhammad Ali is a special special
individual I do not I am not even close
to that man's greatness the teens he
don't well his career he's a special
individual and to be even even have my
name next to that man
is like is truly a truly proud moment
for me so thank you all but III cannot
compare myself to that great man million
pay-per-view buys how much how much
money could you stand to make of it the
2 million annoys yield we were
estimating around 3 to 3.5 million I'd
say I'll close in around the 50 million
dollar mark so foreign mixed martial
artist to make 50 million dollars in a
mixed martial arts belt it's quite
breathtaking I've got to tank my
management stable pride on sports
management I've got the tank Dana White
I've got the tank Lorenzo Fertitta and
Frank he schooled me in the game I knew
a new heir and the new owners and W
what's the name WM e IMG those guys as
well I haven't really met them that much
but they make good to me so far
so now mr e and those guys their life is
good I made the team where we have come
from when I fought like I said when I
fought Nate Diaz he was on 20 the first
time he was on 20,000 to show and 20,000
to win the game has gone to so much so
so so many new heights so quickly
and we're all just going to keep up and
catch up and it's a great time to be
involved in the sport for it from myself
for the fighters for the promoters for
the managers for the media in attendance
for the fans for everyone times are good
so let's enjoy it let's enjoy this these
momentous occasions alright go ahead I'm
gonna let you yeah you wanted ask
question right go ahead buddy teams
eSports how long into your billionaire
Conor grabs on the whiskey thank you so
much I tell you about what welcome to
two years of age I'd say by 25 I'll be
at be 35 yes 25 good luck thank you sir
I appreciate that thank you guys all for
coming Connor will do some photo ops
right here
