I am Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report lots to get into max you know
there's a famous quote that is sometimes
attributed to Lenin and maybe he did say
it I don't know but you know so many
things online are actually fake news and
fake news is also in the news in this
sort of theme of our shows today yes yes
well no Lenin said that the capitalists
would sell us the rope with which they
hang themselves or no with which we will
hang them so you know capitalism you
know they're gonna sell each other
whatever to take down the weapons on the
other side but you know what in America
we're seeing that radical partisanship
is going to take down capitalism as we
know it's gonna take down some of the
biggest corporations in America because
in NRA fight Delta finds there is no
neutral ground so Delta Airlines is one
of the largest private employers
employers in Georgia and you know what
they announced that they would no longer
allow a discount they would no longer
give a discount to NRA members after the
Florida shooting well the backlash was
quite Swift from Georgia which their
state legislatures controlled by the
Republicans and lieutenant governor
Casey Cagle of Georgia he's a Republican
and presides over the state Senate he
was joined by other conservative
lawmakers last week in removing a 50
million dollar sales tax exemption on
jet fuel that some had hoped would
encourage Delta to open even more routes
the conservative backlash they're saying
has highlighted a problem for many US
corporations in trying to maintain
neutrality in the ongoing hyper partisan
polarization happening in the US
political system well you know it
stopped apartheid in South Africa was
that boycott of Barclays Bank so when
you apply pressure to corporations you
can affect great change and this
movement generated put together mostly
by teenagers and high schoolers to fight
back against the NRA have been shrewd in
attacking corporations and saying
corporations if you
you support the NRA we are going to put
a lot of pressure on you this forces
corporations to disclose the
shareholders they have a material risk
that they must deal with and then it has
a snowball effect and it can be quite
effective now as far as Delta Airlines
and what's happening in Georgia and
these parties are now in a struggle one
might call it a cannibalistic struggle
of a bunch of rats and a pit trying to
survive ending up becoming basically
cannibals because the corporations have
run out of runway to use an airline's
metaphor in which to grow their
businesses without encouraging
absolutely abhorrent policies like
giving the NR a a blank check to exploit
the fearfulness of our lawmakers to do
battle against what is obviously a
scourge and horrible cancer in the soul
of America that's your opinion the exact
opposite opinion is in there about 50%
of other Americans so that same
corporation Delta says you know what
we're delete listen to the people that
are like Max Keiser and we're gonna not
allow this discount for NRA members then
NRA members and their supporters from
the other 50% of Americans say well
we're gonna boycott you and we're gonna
pressure you and we're gonna pressure
all anybody that gives you money or
subsidiaries or the government or
anything to we're going to cut off your
financial lifeline and so the same
response so they're like being pulled
back and forth there's commercial
saturation like that in the old days if
you had a skirmish like this a company
could just go west and open up a new
company and have new markets and new
customers but America is already overly
commercialized you know there's no way
the Delta can go the airline business is
mature there's so many routes now that
can be exploited you can't really create
that many more routes and you can't
really create that many more customers
there at a point of just kind of growth
limitations by the sheer number of
people and customers potential and the
geographic limitations and the global
economic limitation so the end up
eating themselves accountable listicle
II it's a cannibalism so yes my view is
what my view is but there's no way to
avoid my view at this point my view
those who represent when my view is I
now have agency in this particular
kerfuffle because both my my opinion is
that both sides have agency in both
sides are consumers we are a consumer
society 70% of GDP is consumption so
that suggests that 100% of people you
encounter during the day 100% of them
contribute to a corporation daily so
they all have agency right now certainly
the Democratic side is ahead and they
point out that corporations however are
increasingly in the crosshairs because
of this as pressure from social media
and advocacy groups has intensified and
calls for boycotts mount more than a
dozen companies have severed business
ties with the NRA since the massacre in
parkland Florida just as quickly a
counter-offensive arose from gun
supporters excoriating the companies for
their stance forcing business leaders to
navigate the treacherous ground or
social responsibility ideology and
financial impact converge so FedEx for
example ok FedEx is also based down the
south and in a red state and they came
out with a statement saying because they
were forced to by consumers to say that
they are against the NRA s position that
civilians should have access to
military-grade assault weapons
we are against that as a corporation
however we will continue to offer a
discount to NRA members and that
discount is a remarkable 26 percent
which makes you think it's an enticement
to enjoy the NRA well Dick's Sporting
Goods which is the number one supplier
of ar-15s has come out and said we're
not selling to anyone
these guns anyone under 21
so they are making a bold stance other
retailers are similarly taking a
position against these a ar-15s the
assault rifles the weapons of mass
destruction and this will teach your
point though is that the economy is so
tightly wound at this point that it's
very difficult to have one sector being
boycotted against without it causing a
counter boycott and then a counter
boycott so you end up with them kind of
a destructive because it's all consumer
led consumer themselves because they're
so evenly divided 50/50 and partly it's
because of the cable news dividing them
equally 50/50 in two very vicious very
extreme hatred of each other both sides
of it and the divide seems to get wider
and wider and on the charts show that
the left moves further left on the right
has moved further right but the fact
that the consumer is the one that will
take down all the corporations because
they can't deal with the fact that the
corporation that their products that
they use an Apple iPhone or Samsung or
anything might sell their contents to
somebody that they hate on the other
side of the aisle right so again the
this movement generated by these
teenagers is hitting the right nerve to
cause an impact and it's also
threatening the light you know so many
penta media outlets are being
essentially phased out what I'm trying
to say is that we will have Lenin's
paradise one day there will be no
corporations there will be no corporate
logos if these consumers in America they
hate each other have their way because
no corporation can exist if they cannot
sell any products so that we may have
some sort of workers paradise
it'll be obviously we don't have workers
anymore that'll be a consumers paradise
it'll be partisan paradise paradise as
we were told from Coolio the fact is
YouTube please his videos and YouTube is
what you were talking about in terms of
the media so YouTube says new moderators
might have mistake
Canley purged right-wing channels
YouTube indicated that as the platform
ramps up human powered moderation
efforts new moderators may have
mistakenly removed or flagged right-wing
videos and channels bloomberg reported
this news quoting a YouTube spokesperson
saying that as we work to hire rapidly
and ramp up our policy enforcement teams
through 2018 newer members may miss
apply some of our policies resulting in
mistaken removals the spokesperson said
that that YouTube's policies had not
changed and that we will reinstate any
videos that were removed in era so cable
news led this drive it's the likes of
Rachel Maddow who drove this you know
Hillary lost and they can deal with it
so they had to find an explanation it
was because of this big news and people
hearing they're not listening to me
Rachel Maddow so you've got to take down
any information that's not me and so
YouTube has been forced to spend more
money on 10,000 human moderators to
start listening or watching all these
videos and taking down and everything
and of course YouTube is based in a blue
stay and liberal stay progressive state
democratic sort of state and those are
the sort of people they hire and so the
results has been accidental takedown of
a lot of right-wing and Republican
content well if I can go meta for a
moment no matter America was plowing
along under the rubric of manifest
destiny for quite some time and the
problem here is that America has run out
of space you know the runway is cut
short there's no place else to go
like the problems that were baked into
the cake of the American experience
whether it was its racism and you know
never went away it's hard coded in the
American DNA violence ultra violence
it's part of the American DNA these are
severe deep problems in the American
soul but they were able to be ignored
because there was this huge land from
sea to shining sea and in that land was
room to grow and to evolve and you could
create some whack
religion like Mormonism for example as
you know whole cloth and based on this
Flying Spaghetti Monster Scientology
could come up you know it's like there
was a room for all as crazy stuff but
you know there's no more room Murata
room and the world's gotten smaller the
ecology is shrinking you know the social
media ability to foster relationships as
runs its end of course censorship is
becoming real all over the world so
America is now eating itself America
eats its young I forget who said that
maybe this Gil scott-heron I don't know
her dr. Dre is there definitely eating
their principles like the foundation of
the of America even George Washington or
Thomas Jefferson who hated the media
they did everything they could to make
sure it was given free rein even if they
publish lies about them and they mention
all the lies published by the tabloids
at the time about them and nevertheless
the lies were allowed because it was
important that there were no
restrictions at all on media and the
article goes on to talk about the D
monetization of a lot of people
left-wing the lgbtq all sorts of people
have been demonetised because it's not
consumer friendly thinking people
confuse about America it's not faith in
God that's kept it going for so long
it's faith in freedom and there's a big
difference hey we got to go to the
second half but first this break very
important information totally ignored if
you want to
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time data returned to wolf
Richter of Wolfe Street comm the go-to
guy for insights into the global macro
economic picture and what's happening in
San Francisco in that real estate
anyway wolf welcome back thanks for
having me back max alrighty so let's dig
into more fun financial stuff so Trump
brought in the tax cuts and of course
the Democrats were arguing that
everybody would hate these tax cuts but
in fact a lot of people love the tax
cuts and tell us what your thoughts are
our markets have been soaring house
prices have been spiking higher wages
are starting to rise and and the tax
cuts corporations are certainly seeing
massive gains can these gains of shares
type of buybacks and other boom signals
ripple across the economy wolf
well tax cuts are good for those that
receive them and so a lot of the other
pretty broad base a lot of people will
receive them so a lot of people are
happy with their little part of them
obviously some people are going to get a
heck of a lot more in tax cuts than
others day but you know there there a
problem in many other ways including
that government funding requirements are
going to soar that's already happening
so you have a large amount of new debt
that has to be issued by this government
that has to be absorbed by the market
this is going to put pressure on the
bond market corporations they have been
very busy buying back their own shares
that's a yeah that that's a that put
some power underneath the stock market
when when we had to sell off
corporations was just about the only
entity that bought that's not a
particularly good thing for the economy
when corporations spent their money
buying back their own shares so that
doesn't help the economy at all but
overall I think you
we'll see some uptick in economic
activity due to the tax cuts I don't
think it will be long term I think the
it'll be this year maybe going into next
year and then I think we're back to
normal here on the other hand there are
some provisions in the tax law that make
homeownership a lot less tax beneficial
and in many ways and so I think the
housing market is already feeling some
pressures on that not in terms of prices
but in terms of while you may have seen
pending home sales in in January and
just crater that was the first month in
which the new tax law is taking effect
so home buyers are are starting to look
at this I think and so it's a it's a
mixed bag and the housing market yeah
it's not going to crash like the stock
market can crash it they're very slow
moving housing markets take a long time
to change direction so this won't be
visible on the national average for a
long time it may be by the end of the
year that we see the first significant
declines in terms of prices it may be
later it may be next year they will see
them so they're you know these two kinds
of impacts the housing market is very
important to the economy if it starts
going down too far either there's going
to be economic issues we know that
developers are over building with
high-end housing units all across the
country they're not building enough
affordable units and given our current
prices but they're building the high-end
units that are now sitting vacant I mean
you have lots of apartments and city
like on condos and cities like San
Francisco in Seattle that a high-end
units that are that are making that yeah
there's no market for them this will
impact the housing market too along with
changes in mortgage and in the mortgage
deduction much interest deduction other
things so I think the housing market
will be impacted negatively by the tax
law
share buybacks will be impacted
positively I think the bond market will
eventually have a day of reckoning
because of those those increasing
government deficits that need to be
absorbed yeah you mentioned the delay in
house price reacting to changes in the
interest rates or the economy I remember
back in 1987 after the stock market
crash real estate in New York City
didn't fall in a big way until 1990 so
it took three years for that to catch up
to reality and then we had a severe
downturn in property in New York City
now what's interesting is that the Trump
tax reform bill and tax cuts it hit the
blue states pretty hard and it opened
the way for some money pouring into the
red states it's it's interesting of
course Trump is from the Northeast and
yet you would think he'd be friendlier
to his friends in the Northeast they got
hit pretty hard and the states in the in
the red states benefited a lot you know
he seems to be open to making policies
that anger what would be his natural
base I think some of the caucus comments
recently referring to the gun lobby
seems to go against everything that gops
been talking about for quite some time
but comment if you will on the way that
different regions in America are
impacted by these tax cuts well so in
terms of the housing market California
and the state of New York are
dramatically impacted by these policies
and there are also economically the two
bigger states in the Union so you know
if you want to hurt the economy of the
biggest economic entities in the country
you can possibly do that but it's not a
very good economic policy and that's
what a lot of people are saying now you
know you went after the the blue states
and the blue states the big ones you
know their economic ly very very large
and
and so this is not going to be very
beneficial now I think in California for
example in San Francisco there's a lot
of rending going on
so the impact isn't quite as huge
because you have you know companies or
landlords you know that owned a lot of
the housing stock and individuals are
renting and rentals are benefiting from
the tax from the mere doubling of
standard deduction they get it they get
a huge benefit out of that in San
Francisco over 50% of the housing units
or rental apartments so I think it's
like 60 60 some percent so these people
are not negatively impacted they're
positively impacted and the landlord's
owned these homes as commercial
enterprises so they're not negatively
impacted either so you know it's I think
you can overstate the negative impact on
the overall economy in California from
these policies but you know for many
people this is here you know it is
actually a positive turn of events if
you're renting an apartment in San
Francisco and you know standard
deduction is doubling you know that's a
big thing and that impacts a lot of
people in very expensive housing areas
not only in California but also New York
and elsewhere New York City has a very
large population of roundish too and
they're positively impacted by this so
it's it's a give and take and so what
talk to me a little bit about some
forecasting that you see in 2018 so your
will your work at Wall Street calm you
look at the economy look at trends what
do you see as maybe two trends that we
should be watchful of here 2018 that
maybe people are not really aware of
they should be looking at more closely
wolf
I think housing is going to turn and
we'll see details here and there crop up
and I think the picture will become
clearer by the end of the year okay so
news of housing will turn the last time
we had a big crash in housing was 2008
the subprime crisis the bank's bailed
out the creditors and they did no reform
whatsoever and they just gave a lot more
money to spend
house builders so you think that that
cycle now has peaked and will turn down
again yeah I don't think it will look
like you did last time it will look
differently
it always does looked at friendly
subprime it's not as big of an issue the
banks are more capitalized and the fit
things that the bank's a lot stronger so
I think the Fed will let this go you
know there will there will let the banks
digest us some of the risk has been
spread you know the the Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac are already run by the
government so you know the scenario
looks very different and in less
worrisome so it will be allowed to
continue I think and perhaps the market
will actually be allowed to set prices
in the in the housing sector for once
let me jump in there so what you're
saying there is that during the 2008
crash the firewall that protected the
inner core of American Finance the
plutocrats if you will that control the
big money was breached and those guys
were actually at risk Warren Buffett was
at risk George Soros was at risk you
know the big guys were actually in a
risk position and therefore they coerced
the government more or less to print
another 15 to 16 trillion dollars to
bail them out but you're saying now that
firewall between the plutocrats and
everyone else is strengthened so in this
housing downturn they're just gonna let
it rip and let the banks absorb it let
the house builders absorb it let the
home owners absorb it just let this
thing crash and work its way through the
system your thoughts yeah if it really
crashes you know if the market
completely dries up and freezes over and
and if it does some very serious damage
very quickly I think they'll step in but
if it's just a housing downturn that
plays out over years and doesn't cause
any sudden damage just prices meandering
lower year after year you know I think
that will let that go so you're look
ahead is for rates to rise we've talked
about race week and that might
my thought was that you know more
apocalyptic but in your view they're
they're responsible wolf street calm the
guy people you know go to for the
responsible look at things so your view
is that rates are gonna kind of
gradually move higher and we're gonna
start to see these asset prices reverse
themselves and maybe entering what you
might call a secular bear market so
stocks and bonds and property enter a
five to ten year downturn your thoughts
yeah so that's what I'm thinking I think
and then again I admit that this may be
wishful thinking because I really do not
want another huge crash with credit
freezing up all over the world this is a
catastrophic scenario that I don't want
to see a second time and I don't want to
see the central banker reactions to it
so my wishful thinking is that this will
not work out gradually that you'll have
a step-by-step decline in asset prices
and increase in yields that's not just a
ball more or less for the economy even
though there'll be some pain and that it
will drag out it would be spread out
over enough years tore each year itself
it's not catastrophic you know we're not
there's not one catastrophic day in it
that solves all this but that it's
spread out in little bits and pieces and
across many sectors across many
countries and that it would get back to
some kind of semi normal status but
gradually not all in one day right so
interest rates to resume their 60 to 70
year long-term trend of bobbing around
that 5% level not at 1% level
well thanks for much being on the Kaiser
report thank you that's gonna do it for
this edition of the Kaiser report with
me max guys are in Stacy Herbert I want
to thank our guest Wolff Richter of
Wolfe Street dot-com you want to catch
us on twitter it's Kaiser report to like
them bye y'all
