Moscow does say it is open to genuine
requests for help regarding the
investigation into the poisoning of a
former Russian spy and his daughter in
the UK yes boozing to the slaughter list
if our help is of interest to
investigators be it regarding the
poisoning of UK citizens gossip about
meddling into the u.s. election or
anything else if Russia's assistance is
indeed needed we are ready to consider
that possibility one should not go on TV
with accusations like this but instead
use official channels including law
enforcement the case broke last weekend
when X double agents at a scrape Al and
his daughter were found on a bench in
critical condition and the city of
Salisbury in England now he formerly
worked as a double agent for the UK
Intelligence Agency mi6 and was jailed
in Russia back in 2006 for spying for
Britain he was later released as part of
a swap deal and when he was found
poisoned most of the mainstream media
was quick to speculate that Russia was
somehow behind it
bad things have been known to happen to
Russians who crossed Vladimir Putin the
fact that a nerve agent was used
strengthens the likelihood that this was
a state sponsor of some sort and Russia
is the chief suspect of course the UK
has turned a blind eye to assassinations
on its soil and has instead tried to
protect the Kremlin now we've heard such
accusations before during the
investigation into the death of the
former KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko
who was also poisoned in the UK over a
decade ago and following years of
investigation no hard evidence of
Russia's involvement was presented by
the British investigators and now in
this case in the case of poisoning of
circuits cripple russia's Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov is saying that no
real facts have been presented Russia's
involvement and it's calling all recent
media accusations hysterical no subpoena
you told Kelly Thomas we're being
accused not only of this our Western
partners accuse us of basically
everything that's going wrong when this
plan
it's not serious it's just more blatant
propaganda and hysteria the UK Home
Secretary is also calling for everyone
not to jump to conclusions but to wait
for the official results of the
investigation so far 21 people including
the former double agent and his daughter
were exposed to what turned out to be a
nerf agent now the investigators refused
to reveal what specific poison it was
and while mr. scribble and his daughter
remained to be in critical condition the
police has cordoned off his home as well
as the graves of his wife and son who
died in the past five years as they
believe that these locations can provide
further details than the investigation
