senators are urging Washington to engage
in urgent dialogue with Moscow to
minimize the risk of conflict they've
written a letter to the US Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson here is an extract a
US Russia Strategic Dialogue
is more urgent following president
Putin's public address on March the
first when he referred to several new
nuclear weapons Russia is reportedly
developing including a cruise missile
and a nuclear underwater drone which are
not currently limited by the New START
treaty and would be destabilizing if
deployed our teaser Jacqueline Berger
joining me live now in the studio to
discuss this further some are asking you
know what's prompted the Senators to
write this letter some people already
saying about once Putin unveiled those
big guns it's prompted some to
potentially change tack your thoughts
yeah I mean it really does seem that on
March 1st when Putin came out and
unveiled all this he really did sort of
hit his target of getting people to wake
up and listen finally and within the
letter it's urging Tillerson to begin
strategic strategic talks with Russia
immediately without taking any pause
there but it's also chock full of
warnings and accusations when it comes
to Russia as well touching on everything
from you know Russia's involvement in
Syria to the ever-present accusation of
Russia having interfered in the 2016
presidential election and there's also
the the accusation that Russia you know
is in violation of the INF treaty which
Russia denies but the thing is it's
clear that the u.s. is worried about
Russia what what sort of power they
represent but the fact is Russia has
also been concerned for quite a while
when it comes to actions that the US has
been taking not the least of which being
you know Washington's expanding
deployment of missile defense systems
they have them in Alaska they have them
in California also NATO's continuous
expansion into Eastern Europe they of
course have are already present in
Romania and Poland and what may have
been the straw to break the camel's back
here metaphorically would be in early
February we saw the u.s. come out with
their new nuclear response review and in
their there they expanded what they
could be
using nuclear response towards that
could be also non-nuclear attacks that
they would respond with nuclear force so
that's something that's really been
worrying everyone for quite a while and
especially Russia the balance of power
in the world and Putin himself probably
said it most clearly on March 1st during
his address when he was saying that you
know maybe the world will not listen to
their concerns that what they've been
saying for quite a while let's take a
listen to what he had to say
Namie Russia is a major nuclear power
but basically nobody wanted to talk to
us nobody listened to us so listen to us
now so listen to us now says the Russian
president and apparently there are a lot
of things now to be listening to very
much so and people do seem to be
listening at the adress Putin announced
a number of new weapons including the
Saaremaa super-heavy ICBM and that's a
massive missile that Putin says is
capable of defeating any defense system
in the world and that was among laser
weapons and an underwater nuclear drone
and another cruise missile with an
almost unlimited range so there's a lot
there involved and it seems that this
has finally really gotten the u.s. to
sit up and listen as Putin was hoping
for and they were saying these four
senators in the letter they are saying
that despite all of this and maybe
because all of this we really do need to
come to the table and look at what is
going to happen in the future in order
to avoid conflict let's take a listen to
what they had to say even at the height
of Cold War tensions the United States
and the Soviet Union were able to engage
on matters of strategic stability
leaders from both countries believed as
we should today that the incredible
destructive force of nuclear weapons is
reason enough to make any and all
efforts to lessen the chance that they
can never be used again and that idea of
avoiding conflict really does seem to be
something that Putin is an agreement
with I mean after his announcement
everyone sort of exploded that oh my
goodness Russia has these super powerful
weapons what does that mean for
everybody else is this a threat but
Putin himself said that no this is an
idea of creating balance in the world
that Russia has no plans of attacking
anyone unless they or their partners
were to be attacked so Putin is also
striving for peace let's take a listen
to what he had to say new bullet in your
neck we have no plans and have never had
plans to use this potential to achieve
offensive or aggressive ends Russia's
enhance military power is simply a
guarantee for peace on our planet for it
preserves so of course it's no secret
that Russia u.s. relations have not been
the best as of late to put it lightly
and we have no idea if this letter will
even help or if Tilson would be open to
having more discussion with Russia but
one can only hope at this point some
some have been the analysts have been
saying it's a shame actually the Russia
had to unveil these new hypersonic
delivery system for nuclear warheads
these are nuclear-powered missiles that
can run around the world infinitely but
it's a shame that Russia had to show
these kinds of weapons to actually
motivate Washington to finally come and
do something constructive with dialogue
Arty's Jacqueline Berger thank you very
much
