women around the world are marking
International Women's Day including in
Madrid where they've certainly been
making some noise people banging on pots
and pans they're in support of women's
rights chanting slogans such as if we
stop the world stops while people in
South Korea's Seoul came to the streets
in support of the meed to movement
calling for sex offenders to be brought
to justice
meanwhile the PR efforts of some firms
meant to be in support of women have now
been branded as patronizing are seasoned
Isha Sethi takes a closer look it's a
global commemoration of women's rights a
chance to right some wrongs for some
companies though it's a shot at some top
PR by showing their support for women
although not always successfully take
this French anti harassment campaign
showing female passengers on public
transports being preyed on by animals
instead of people a metaphor which hit
the buffers with a few fellow travelers
I have never been bothered by a shark in
a subway stop by stopping the metaphors
the difference between a wharf and a
decent-looking white French dude is that
I have never been harassed bare wolf and
what about the people behind the
retailer's tilt in a chip who thought
it'd be a great idea to make snap
specifically for women so you know they
could be more dainty and ladylike women
don't like to crunch too loudly in
public and they don't think their
fingers generously and they don't like
to pour the little broken pieces in the
flavor into their mouths turns out that
judging by the reaction online most
women found that idea tasteless just
like with edgy beer company BrewDog who
expected female drinkers to flock to
them for pink beer even if it was a bit
of sarcastic stereotyping it fell flat
if you have to explain the joke maybe
it's not a very good joke
hope Rudolph's girl beer is gluten-free
- otherwise what beer will a drink not
the blue one is for boys it seems that
it's a marketing minefield when firms
try winning over women take dubs so pad
for matching bottles to different body
size
it's as baffling as it is insulting
so perhaps on this day when the struggle
for women's rights should be celebrated
maybe the PR guys and let's face it they
probably are guys should take some time
out ditching the patronizing pink
dropping the gender pigeonholing
and remember that political correctness
doesn't wash with women either
