ethnically motivated hostility and crime
against Germans in Berlin is becoming
more commonplace that's according to the
capital security chief artis Peter
Oliver investigates the Berlin interior
minister has had some pretty unexpected
things to say about how native Germans
at ret in the nation's capital I have
heard that it's not the norm but it is
becoming more common to keep quiet about
it would be wrong a recent survey has
shown that where is this time last year
around two-thirds of Berliners said they
felt safe in their city that's around
just over half these days while those
that said they felt very insecure it
risen from 9% a year ago to around 16%
right now as for what is fueling those
fears while sort of pointed towards the
influx of refugees and migrants into
areas like this in Berlin's Nikon
district the local integration officer
here says that while refugees don't fear
arrest as they know that they'll be
instantly released by the police should
they be caught breaking the law that is
D I don't think crime has decreased on
the contrary it's actually increased I'd
say 95 percent of the crimes here
committed by foreigners that's way too
much I think in general due to social
media people start to panic way earlier
and this is why news spread quite
quickly and I wouldn't say that Berlin
has gotten more dangerous or anything I
think it's just because of all the news
that get like spread all over the island
and they just make big deal out of every
tiny crime that's committed and then
yeah this isn't so political our
politicians should be made to commute
using the underground for one week and
be made to hang out in this neighborhood
that way they would see what the
situation is really like it's become
very hostile and aggressive not nice at
all some of the politicians who
represent the area say that perception
of danger could become the new reality
if a majority of the people
have the feeling that they don't feel
secure anymore and there is some basics
for that and I think one of the problems
is that that the figures that are
official from the police are what is
declared but there are many things that
are not even declared to the police as
crime or as harassment or whatever you
can call it because they know well the
police cannot do anything about it
because our justice system is like that
well they come in for maybe five hours
and then they let them off again
punishment is something that evidently
or apparently in the Berlin context
isn't there anymore and perhaps it's
that feeling that things could get worse
that's driving public opinion to feel
that the German capital has become less
safe
Peter Oliver RT Berlin
