Britain's rolling out the red carpet for
the Saudi Crown Prince who's arrived for
a three-day visits but a lot of protests
are also planned against Saudi Arabia's
deadly bombing campaign in Yemen which
has been going on for three years
Arty's ISA rally was at one of the
demonstrations there are around three to
four hundred people here at this protest
against the visit of the Saudi Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman and the
protesters vary from Bahraini opposition
activists protesting against Saudi
Arabia's continued involvement since
they helped to suppress the revolution
there in 2011 - those opposing the arms
trade and the war in Yemen one of the
people we spoke to was the Labour MP
Chris Williamson but British military
advisors to be involved that takes you
to a whole new level and and frankly is
trampling on Britain's reputation as a
nation that stands up for human rights
we've got no place it seems to me
selling arms to Saudi Arabia and
certainly we should not be participating
in facilitating the war by having
military advisers there
now since the Saudi bombardment of Yemen
began in 2015 the UK has sold over four
and a half billion pounds worth of
weapons while the US have a arms deal
worth over 110 billion pounds some of
the biggest arms deals in US history and
the visit of Mohammed bin Salman also
been raised in Parliament today by the
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn a
humanitarian disaster is now taking
place in Yemen millions face starvation
600,000 children have cholera because of
the saudi-led bombing campaign and the
block
Germany has suspended arms sales to
Saudi Arabia but British arms sales have
sharply increased and British military
advisers are directing the war it cannot
be right that her government mr. speaker
it cannot be right that her government
is colluding in what the United Nations
says is evidence of war crimes but it's
also to be mentioned that in addition to
these hundreds of protesters there was a
small counter protest numbering a couple
of dozen people who are here to welcome
Mohammed bin Salman to London but in any
case this protest definitely the larger
of the two
