there's been an outcry in the United
States after demerged a Saudi national
with suspected links to al-qaeda was
able to live freely in the country for
seven years lawmakers in there demanding
answers as to why the State Department
granted the man a visa
Khalid mopeds got the story may be hard
to believe but an alleged al-qaeda
terrorist has been living in the United
States for seven years unnoticed Saudi
national nahi flower Lodge has now been
arrested and at this point members of
Congress want answers about how this was
allowed to happen in 2000 he attended an
al-qaeda training camp 2011 he moved to
Oklahoma on a non-immigrant visa joining
his wife in 2016 he was even able to get
a pilot's license however that was
revoked when the FBI finally started an
investigation now he is in custody
awaiting trial on a number of charges
then died Minh charges two counts of
visa fraud the third count charges halfa
lodge with making a full statement to
the FBI when he denied ever having
associated with anyone from a foreign
terrorist group he may not have been
able to enter the United States if
authorities had actually been able to
pay more attention it turns out that
back in 2001 his fingerprints were
actually found on an application to a
terrorist training camp furthermore his
father was named as a person of trust in
an al Qaeda document now at this point
that data was not able to be analyzed
until 2017 I'd say there was a number of
breakdowns going back to where the
original intelligence was maintained and
stood he should have been on the
watchlist you know who was on the list
Omar Mateen the pulse nightclub shooter
recently released cell phone records
indicate that just days before the
attack he was considering whether or not
to attack Disneyland he was on the FBI's
radar screen after making threats
against his co-workers and claiming to
have ties to jihadists however after 10
months of monitoring and 3 FBI
interviews they determined that he was
quote not violent or dangerous after he
did carry out his attack the FBI said he
had self radicalized on the Internet
we're working hard to understand
the killer and his motives and his
sources of inspiration but we are highly
confident that this killer was
radicalized and at least in some part
through the internet so the internet did
it huh
well remember that Florida school
shooter apparently he left tips on the
internet that he was planning to shoot
up this school people called the FBI
about it but they never bothered to look
into the matter the FBI has determined
that protocol was not followed the
information was not provided to the
Miami field office and no further
investigation was conducted at that time
this is an ongoing failure of the United
States and it's not just the u.s. it's
also in Europe to properly vet these
people and the FBI had ample warning
that the Orlando attacker was a threat
but because he was Muslim but they did
not want to look into it they did not
want to seem that they were targeting a
certain religious group even reports
have come out with school shootings in
the United States where the FBI many
times received a phone call warning them
about these shooters and nothing
happened because of that the FBI did not
follow up so I think it's not so much a
lack of resources at it as it is a lack
of knowledge or understanding about
threats that matter the most
