British police say they're treating an
incident involving a former Russian spy
in his daughter now as attempted murder
in a statement released in the past hour
or so police said the pair came into
contact with a nerve agent furthermore
they both remain critically ill with the
latest from London Polly Boyka we've
just heard from the Assistant
Commissioner for the Metropolitan Police
mark Rowley and what was quite unusual
was that he was with the country's chief
medical officer as well Dame Sally Davis
giving you a bit of an indication how
seriously they're taking this he said
that this is a major incident and they
have determined that it's attempted
murder by administration of a nerve
agent so whilst we now in a position to
comfort in a position to confirm that
their symptoms are as a result of
exposure to a nerve agent I will not be
providing further information at this
stage about the exact substance that has
been identified
he said that public safety remains a
priority and for any concerned locals in
the area of Salisbury where this all
took place he says that at the moment
there's no evidence of any widespread
health risk the new development that we
got through what he said was that a
police officer one of the first
responders at the scene when Sergey
scrapple and his daughter were found
unconscious on this park bench that
police officer is now also in a serious
condition in hospital earlier on the
Home Secretary
amber Rudd she chaired a cobra meeting
which is a highly unusual step in itself
it normally only happens in response to
sort of national crises like terrorist
attacks or things like major floods and
she urged everyone in this situation to
keep a cool head take a listen to what
she had to say we need to keep a cool
head and make sure that we collect all
the evidence we can and we need to make
sure that we respond not to rumor but
all the evidence that they collect
then we will need to decide what action
to take you could have thought she may
have been speaking to the country's
newspaper editors because they certainly
had a field day with the speculation on
this story before we had any facts at
all tabloids been talking about furious
Boris getting tough with mad Vlad
there's one about headline on one
newspaper talking about Putin swearing
revenge on this former double agent
so the investigation is clearly a
foregone conclusion for many in the
British media a number of tabloids were
speculating about the fate of the World
Cup and a potential boycott of it that
was sort of hypothetically floated by
the foreign secretary when answering
urgent questions about this in the House
of Commons coming back to the police
investigation and the facts in this
story well they've said that this is now
in the hands of London's anti-terror
police so the investigation has been
stepped up to the top level it could be
at I say that they have hundreds of
detectives working on this now around
the clock trying to establish how sergey
skripnikov agent a correspondent in
london there to remind you who's sergey
scrap is used to serve in the russian
military intelligence service and the
twist there was in 2006 he passed the
identities apparently of Russian secret
agents in Europe to the UK he was
subsequently caught and subsequently
sentenced to 13 years in prison but
further twist in 2010 he was released as
part of a high-profile spy swap with the
US and then flown to Britain let's go
live to Britain former London police
officer Peter Kerr comes on the line
Peter I were taken into this news over
the last hour or so this saying that a
nerve agent was used here now still
don't who's behind it the
counterterrorism units in charge where
might this now lead the investigation I
think the first thing that they'll be
very desperately urgently trying to
understand is exactly what their nerve
agent is and I suspect from the press
release they probably know that now that
will enable them to work out how it
might have been administered
and how dangerous it is and how much of
it might be knocking around that might
cause harm to others we've had the news
that one of the police officers involved
is now in a serious condition in
hospital it's it's not unusual for these
sorts of things to contaminate other
people we've also seen today that the
they've been decontaminating the
ambulance that they were taken to a
hospital in and there was also some
activity in the building next door which
perhaps could relate to somebody else
that's been exposed or potentially been
exposed to it too so it's a really
concerning situation as well as the
investigation you've got the public
safety aspects - yeah which are very
urgent we still don't know what this
nerve agent is I don't if you've got any
you know get you're not an expert on
these things totally but I'm is it is it
a dust is the liquidus or a powder walk
how do you administer a nerve agent that
will depend on exactly what it is then
they come in various forms that are
administered in various ways and need
various doses they'll obviously be
working back from the toxicology results
to see how much of it was in the in
their bodies to work out how much might
have been administered and then working
out how that might have happened
with whatever the different ways of
ingesting the the material might be and
that varies very much from some
substance to substance some can be
ingested through the skin some has to be
ingested in food or drink some can be
ingested by breathing in a gas or
something like that and so it will very
much depend on exactly what it is on how
it might be administered but that will
obviously drive full forward the
investigation into how and when it might
have happened of course the headlines
roaring of this in Britain now
politicians and the authorities have
been saying they don't want to jump to
conclusions but at the same time they
appear to be doing just that how might
that affect officers trying to conduct a
thorough open minded investigation well
the standard UK way of approaching these
things is basically to follow the
evidence at this stage they're very much
going to be in the securing of evidence
phase doing all the local inquiries
doing all the crime scene examination
and stuff like that and and then they'll
see what they've got them where that
that
then the first thing I think they'll be
doing is trying to establish a timeline
what's one thing that we if we've got a
police officer now that turned up to in
response this and who's now in a
seriously ill condition it does very
much sound like it's something that's
taken in through skin contact and they
tend to be fairly small doses needed for
that and so they'll be looking for a
timeline to see where they've been for
the half-hour the hour the two hours
before they were found and we've heard
them talking about CCTV in the center of
Salisbury
there'll be way more CCTV than we've
heard about yeah of course the Russian
for most really saying that in similar
cases before the investigations have
been made confidential no details that
come out there suspicions the headlines
have been there but the actual facts
have not come out you expect that to
happen in the scribbled case here
somewhere down the line or not yeah
again we we tend in this country not to
sort of do a blow-by-blow account of
investigations information is provided
by the police to the public but on the
media for various things particularly
talking about high-profile cases where
where Russia's mentioned here the
details are often kept secret yeah and
that's an additional sort of degree of
difficulty for the investigating
officers to be honest they're the ones
at the frontline of the investigation
probably won't be too concerned with
that it's something the management and
the senior officers behind the scenes
working with politicians and the
security services will be more concerned
with how its portrayed and those sorts
of things and but but you know it
there's a saying that murder detective
in the country have if you want to know
how someone died find out how they lived
I think we can safely say that it will
be something and there's various
different angles on this but it will be
something to do with his previous trade
and trade or calling as a spy again
you're not a medic at the moment we
don't know other than the fact they're
in a critical condition both in hospital
and the fact they've got thus far
hopefully they'll pull through you again
it depends on the actual type of agent
some of them are slower slower acting
and there's no real way of stopping and
they just sort of slowly take people out
and over a period of days or weeks or
even
sometimes it's something that you can
recover from and again it will depend on
the actual nature of of the whole thing
but this sort of attack II is or this
sort of method of causing harm to
somebody is unusual in this country
they're poison in this country is
usually domestics or till domestic
murders and then and things and it's got
state actor which state that might be
but it's got state actor written all
over it and so that will primarily be a
primary line of inquiry
they won't rule out other things as well
but it's by far they're going to be the
favored hypothesis of any si oh I will
lose me imagine Peter thanks your time
pretty Kokomo former London police
officer thanks ever so much
