the head of NATO says the Alliance's
troops will stay in Iraq for the long
haul so long as that's okay with the
Iraqi government NATO will only be in
Iraq if we are invited by the government
of Iraq and the reason why we now are
planning for scaling up our training to
disease the requests from the Iraqi
government the second we have no
intentions to stay here longer than
necessary well seems NATO's apparently
got a written invitation from the Iraqi
Prime Minister for troops to stay in the
country to keep ISIL obey even though
the Premier's under pressure from
Parliament to push for a timed
withdrawal in the near future someone
very much lives here to the ground on
this one let's get the thoughts of
veteran American politician and former
congressman Ron Paul Ron loved this seat
tonight thanks for your time this is
gonna be bad news for you to hear isn't
it Jens Stoltenberg insist NATO will not
stay longer than necessary says are we
to believe that 15 years in hardly and
their definition of necessary is a lot
different than a lot of other people's
you know the the people of Iraq have
spoken their legislative body voted and
said that we ought to leave and I think
that's a grand idea the president speaks
for our government is as well because
they're in collusion and they depend on
each other so yes I think they're going
to stay i I wish that the American
people would wake up and say enough is
enough 15 years we were been longer than
that in Afghanistan and it certainly
challenges the position of many of us in
the States that said that we shouldn't
have gone there in the first place and
even our president it was very adamant
about you know when he thought he was
off camera or when he was at a private
meeting but somebody record him he says
it's the dumbest thing we've ever done
and I wished he would apply that same
logic to what we're doing in Syria and
everyplace else because there are there
there's a large group of us in this
country seen as libertarians and
conservatives and constitutionalist that
believe that we shouldn't be doing this
in that we certainly should have
permission from the people through the
Congress but no we get involved in this
without declar
of wars been endless so I guess we're
going to continue to do this until we go
bankrupt and then we'll have to leave
but the worry is back on a practical
note but they're in Iraq the ISIL will
regroup that's the excuse that's being
used here is it a danger that it will
regroup and that therefore that's why
NATO's continued presence is needed it's
just a lot of baloney because it wasn't
there when we went in we use it as an
excuse we did Saddam Hussein had
something to do with 9/11 and we had to
go in and get Al Qaeda
he didn't have it it was all based on
lies because of the disruption and the
chaos in Iraq al Qaeda has moved in so
they weren't a problem and Saddam
Hussein was not friendly with with al
Qaeda but now maybe there are some but
it's a reaction to our policies our
policies stir up these hatreds and the
organizations of the radicals and
there's a growing number of people have
recognized this unfortunately our
governments whether they're of the
democrat party or republican party
they're generally endorsed this idea
that we have this moral obligation to
straighten everything out and they use
it as an excuse because we have to
spread american exceptionalism and you
know bring peace to the world but
there's always other reasons for doing
this and usually the not too many of the
american people understand that there's
a group of people who see some secondary
gain and there's a lot of profits being
made and oil is important all all these
things there's a I I just hope they just
keep keep their minds open to this
position that we hold it's just time to
come home we don't mind our own business
and we ought to save the money and we
would be as strong as ever if not a lot
stronger with our independence but it's
never a perfect world is it where's
Donald Trump gonna stand on this do you
think this news that nate is gonna be
sticking around in Iraq behind the
scenes what's the feeling do you think I
think he'll go along with it even though
I think personally he was probably
speaking more from his heart you know
when he mentioned that the other night
had two fundraisers that it was a stupid
thing to be in but somebody's going to
come up with a scheme and said you know
if you if you leave this is what's going
to happen and the pressure groups will
come in and that group that we call the
secret government the deep stay and the
special interest they're going to come
in and they're going to badger him and
he probably will go along
I hope I'm absolutely wrong on that and
there's always a chance that would
happen because I think that's where his
instincts are but I do think that he has
caved in he has too many
neoconservatives in his administration
to think that they will not have a
hearing and too much of the media here
in this country is controlled you know
by by the neoconservatives who are
always aggravating for our presence
around the world wrong and that's why at
the present I'm rather pessimistic
following on for your train of thought
there okay bring the boy something said
for etc but for whatever reason if
you're gone in and make a mess are you
GT bound to kind of clear it up again is
that where the money should be spent
trying to get Iraq back on track some
people argue there and then they justify
well we blew up the country we have to
go rebuild it I I don't think so but why
punish more people there's a lot of
Americans the service people the people
who've come home and suffered and all
the people paid to tax it so you go to
the next generation say well we want to
tax you more we have to send our troops
over there to rebuild the country no
enough is enough interference is wrong
it's a real tragedy and I think the
country that we have been involved in
Iraq I would do a lot better if we're
not there interfering and I don't think
it's morally to a right to extend it and
punish the next generation for trying to
rebuild the country let's pull it up
while you're on the line what we've got
you for a minute or two more on a
separate note Russia and China are being
listed as the main threats to the USA
well North Korea is getting a lot of
heat still from Washington despite these
buta
over the last couple of days saying well
they want to talk it's not gone down
that well according to president Trump
and what's really bothering America's
leaders right now geopolitically what's
the bigger danger North Korea China
Russia what well it depends on what day
of the week it you know it sounds like
on some days there it sounds like
Korea's
North Korea's the biggest threat but I
don't think they're going to attack
America and matter of fact I think if we
had leave them alone that North and the
South would get along together
I thought the Olympic breakthrough was
great I think the delegation going to
the north was great
it even softened the stand of the
president in North Korea as well as our
presidents often is Stan too and I hope
that that continues I don't see anybody
as a threat I think our policies are our
biggest threat why do we want to have a
trade war and why would we want to stir
up problems with China and and and why
should we stir up problems with Russia
so I think our policies are the things
that bother me the most that we are way
too much involved is trillion and that
to me is a threat because this trading I
think is James right now was it going to
be horrible well unfortunately I'm
hoping still that there will be a
dissent against this you know with the
various congressmen but you know there's
too many in the administration that
Trump has hand-picked and they really
believe in in trade wars and and tariffs
and these sorts of things but I think
it's going to end badly I think our
stock market is starting to reflect that
that condition that this could go down
but we were due for a big correction
anyway on our economy because we've been
living on borrowed time and borrowed
money and all the qyz that we pumped out
there and interest rates there have been
zero for so long we've been living with
that so that was due to have a bust and
so they need an excuse for the cut for
our stock markets and bond markets to go
down one day I think once they have
these want to go Korea's just to say
again well we can we look at a milk is a
bit more would get a bit of extra time
what's gonna happen there why is Donald
Trump so skeptical about North Korea's
intentions here yes we've seen the
backwards and forwards over the decades
but why is he so skeptical and indeed
where's this come from do you think
there's been diplomacy behind the scenes
as well that we have not haven't been
party to to get it to where it is now
well I think the people who stir up
these troubles and we always have to
have an enemy is about to attack is
whether it was Saddam Hussein
we're suing in North Korea it's a part
of the reason that they part of a part
of the problem there is they use that to
justify the continuation of the military
industrial complex we have to build more
weapons we have to rebuild our nuclear
system and it goes on and on and there's
a lot of problem I think there's war
profit set that drive a lot of this it
certainly is a national security they
say it's for national security and some
of our neo cons are saying you know that
this is necessary for national security
and stability and the cost will be worth
it nonsense it's costing too much and
it's not worth it
what would be beneficial to us is that
we had a completely different foreign
policy designed to have peace and trade
with people and to talk with people when
we have our disagreements that is what I
think is necessary and hopefully someday
we'll move in that direction fobel u.s.
congressman live from the state's night
Ron Paul thanks being live on Rt
International it was nice to see you
