hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
both the United States and Russia have
announced their nuclear weapons posture
both countries are entering a new age of
war the age of hypersonic weapons we
were told
Russia's hypersonic weapons can render
us-led missile defense systems useless
can Washington allow this to stand and
are we now in a new arms race
Krauss fucking hypersonic wars I'm
joined by my guest Jorge Samuli in New
York he is a fellow at the global Policy
Institute of London and author of the
book bombs for peace in Lake Jackson we
have Daniel McAdams he's the executive
director of the Ron Paul Institute for
peace and prosperity and in London we
have married a chef ski she is a
columnist for the independent and the
Guardian all right crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate it
Mary let me go to you first hear the
reactions to president Putin's address
to the joint assembly last Parliament
last week was like a thunderbolt for a
lot of people and of course it was
around Lee condemned no context was
given except for the Russians are bad
and aggressive okay we that's what we
hear all the time but the fact of the
matter is and I'm sure this applies to
everyone here and many of our viewers if
you look back at for example in 2002
when the United States unilaterally
moved away dropped the anti-ballistic
missile treaty the very foundation of
arms control speed up to the Munich
Security Conference in 2007 read that
speech read the speech that Putin gave
to the General Assembly of the United
Nations in 2015 and then we have last
week what I'm doing is connecting a lot
of dots anyone that's paying attention
understands perfectly well what's going
on here okay Mary go ahead well I think
that everybody sort of thinks that they
understand what's going on but one thing
that they certainly didn't understand or
at least I felt that about the British
reaction was that they did not
understand that Putin is in an election
campaign so I think you have to
understand that this was a state of the
nation speech given in the context of a
Russian election in less than a month's
time and it's all very well for people
in the West to say oh it's not a proper
election no Putin's bound to win and
there's no contest and all that is
probably true but the fact is that there
is a campaign and Putin needs to get his
vote out and I think without that
context the picture is incomplete but if
we go back to the actual substance of
what Putin was talking about and of
course they
spectacular visual effects that played
behind him I knew I watched that speech
live and I knew what the response was
going to be as soon as he was talking I
knew what it was going to be it was
going to be about a new Cold War it was
going to be about Russian war mongering
and it was going to be about a new arms
race and yet if you read very carefully
or if you listened to what Putin was
actually saying he was talking about
Russian security he was talking about
the American unilateral abrogation of
the missile defense treaty and about how
the United States had been developing
that particular branch of weapons
technology defense technology and Russia
had decided and had now achieved its aim
of catching up okay Daniel I mean I I
don't think the election thing really
has anything to do with this because
this speech that he gave was supposed to
be given last December but they were
anticipating the Nuclear Posture review
and they held it back so with all due
respect to Mary I don't think it has
anything new with domestic politics okay
but Daniel II but one of the things is
that I think and I've been watching
President Putin from the time he came
into office he's not one prone to
embellish or to exaggerate as a matter
of fact it's very straight forward and
to the point here and I think this is
that this speech was a reaction they
digested all of these military and
security reviews that the Trump
administration has put put out and well
the Russians are putting their marker
down and I think that it was it was a
and then I'll agree with Mary I mean
after all of the broken promises all of
these new weapons systems Russia said
okay we can push back and we will go
ahead Daniel I think there is an element
of electioneering and I think if it's
not a perhaps it's somewhat more subtle
but I can imagine that President Putin
has a lot of he's he has a lot of
vulnerability in a way on his right for
lack of better term people in Russia
Russian voters who are expecting him to
be a little bit more responsive in u.s.
patience and NATO provocations on
Russia's border to u.s. occupying 30% of
Syria illegally I can imagine that's
where his weakness is if he has any
weakness among Russian voters people
saying why are we sitting there letting
them walk all over us so in that sense
perhaps that is entering into his mind
but otherwise I mean if that is the case
how different is it in any u.s.
presidential campaign where they all try
to outflank each other being more much
more pro-war than anyone else you know
george the-- you know in my first
question to Mary I mean I kind of gave
the lineage there it's really quite
remarkable to me that how remarkable the
response has been because if you've been
looking at arms control and us-russia
relations over the last decade or so you
know Russia is basically telling the
United States that your threats against
our sovereignty stop now and we have the
means to react and very forcefully and
it's called defending your sovereignty
nothing more than that go ahead George
well that's exactly right and that's why
he Putin brought up the issue of the
United States withdrawal from the ABM
Treaty but there's obviously more to it
than that I mean there's also the NATO
expansion right to Russia's borders and
you know there is a you know the
essentially now with the constant
belligerent anti-russian rhetoric now
emanating from the Western capitals and
when you build up arms on Russia's
borders and you start actually shooting
at Russians in Syria and when you
combine that with the anti-russian
hysteria in in Washington in London in
other capitals then you've got a very
serious situation and I think you're
absolutely right Peter when you said
that Putin is not one to rhetorical
flourishes he's not one to exaggerated
to bloviate he's not Donald Trump so he
is a very serious person and I think he
was putting down a marker and say
stop this now before it gets out of
control because we mean business exactly
if you carry on like this it is going to
end badly you know you know marrying the
over the years when they when they right
before the negotiations with the Iran
nuclear deal the Pentagon constantly was
telling Russia that oh these and these
anti-missile defense systems in Poland
didn't remain remaini they have nothing
to do with you it's all directed against
Iran and then when the deal is signed
they actually admit that well we still
have to keep them there and is it
because of Russia well yes because okay
I mean this is the kind of relations and
partnership Russia has with NATO you
can't believe what they say okay or they
talk out of both sides of the mouth at
the same time what Russia did what what
Putin did is exactly what he promises
his promise the Russian people that a
war will never be fought on this country
soil ever again and he's making sure
that happens go ahead marry well I think
that there's a perpetual problem between
Russia and NATO as to who is on defense
and who is on offense and who acted
first and we saw this most graphically
and most recently with Ukraine but we've
seen it all before with the expansion of
NATO and we've seen it since Ukraine
with the strengthening of the NATO
presence in the border states in the in
the Baltic States in Poland where it
said that this needs to happen as a
reassuring defensive act on NATO's part
because of what they see as the
increased threat from Russia and then of
course you go to Moscow and Russia says
well we've got all this sort of advanced
presence suddenly in the new countries
of NATO and we have to defend ourselves
against that at which point NATO starts
talking about you remember the big or
maybe not quite so big Russian military
exercise last summer which was
completely hyped by NATO spokesman and
Western ministers which turned out to
have been a fraction of what they were
talking about of course marry these
these exercises are play they're
announced in advance
they were made public observers are
allowed to come again this hype here I
mean also Daniel you know what also on
top of it here you have lethal weapons
being sold to the Ukrainians if you look
at the the Pentagon's Nuclear Posture
review it discusses the possibility of a
first strike this is throwing away his
the entire history of arms control not
only did they rip up the ABM Treaty
there they're actually even going
further there's no interest in the West
about a new start and intermediate
weapons and their note there's no
talking about that okay again this is
one of the reasons why Putin said what
he had to say go ahead Daniel yeah well
I think the the anti-ballistic missile
batteries in Poland in Romania that you
referenced earlier was also about
enabling a Western first strike
prohibiting retaliation I think
President Putin said it many times
before this is not about defense this is
to enable offense but you mentioned
earlier you know hysteria and I think
the u.s. is is under such a cloud of
mass hysteria that it's it's palpable
you know this past week in Italy there
were elections where the non mainstream
parties did very very well
and someone joked how soon until it's
blamed on Russia well in fact it already
it's just a day later blamed on Russia
by no another might by Samantha power by
Samantha power and here's okay here in
Italy are parties that were elected on
an anti-immigrant anti-immigration
policy well why might Italians be
concerned about immigration because
Samantha power herself was in favor of
regime change in Libya and Syria and
elsewhere that created the refugees so
no matter what happens no matter the
fact that power is behind this problem
no it's all Russia and that's what's
happening in the u.s. it really is a
mass hysteria in this country okay 20
seconds George I mean okay no matter
what the President of Russia has to say
I have to say it's good to be taken into
a specific context go ahead 20 seconds
before we go to the break yes it always
is specific context but because oh it's
always assumed that Russia is and
aggressive power in it because it's the
that is the propaganda trope and
therefore there is no context whatsoever
in which you know what is it that what
the West is done to provoke this ok let
me jump in here we're gonna we'll get a
good a hard break and after that hard
break we'll continue our discussion on
Russia's new weapons state with our D
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
to remind you were discussing some of
Russia's new weapons
okay nice to go back to Mary in London
and I'd like to ask all of you basically
two questions in this part of the
program have the Russians implicitly at
least acknowledge that there is a new
Cold War and very importantly Mary you
said you watched it Putin did reach out
his hand to say there's still time to
sit down and talk instead of all of the
bluster okay because I think we are in a
new Cold War I think we're going to find
a new term for it because it's not
ideological it's like more like a 19th
century great power struggle but at
least in those days you recognized and
had respect for the other powers that's
not the case today
so those two questions are we in a new
Cold War and can the West reach out its
hand and sit down with the Russians on
these issues go ahead Mary well my
personal take on this is that actually
we're not in a new Cold War we're in
something rather different we're in more
of a sort of psychological standoff I
think and I'm quite reluctant to refer
to what's going on as a new Cold War but
I think implicitly you could read into
what Putin was saying and his approach
that from Russia's perspective it is
treating this at least a bit like a new
Cold War and one of the things that I
thought was so interesting you pointed
out that he was calling for talks and
saying you know there's still time for
talks but one of the one of the things I
found quite telling about that was that
he accused the West and the Americans in
particular of refusing to talk after the
abrogation of the ABM Treaty and
numerous as Russia said expressions of
interest in holding talks with the
Americans the Americans said no we're
not going to talk and there's the clip
of Putin's speech which was broadcast
which was singled out a lot by Russia
Watchers including by me where Putin
says well they didn't listen to us
before they'll listen to us now
and I think that was in a way it was as
it seemed to me that it was less of a
threat than it was an expression of
being very keen to be seen as an equal
player to want to sit around the table
with the Americans on an equal basis and
that the development of these new
weapons gave them a new entitlement to
sit at that table and that the United
States had to listen
yeah well Daniel I mean you know Russia
is a very important nuclear power let's
all face it okay and then we have an
entire history of arms control
agreements because it because of the
possibility of a of a mistake of
miscalculation that's why we have these
agreements but they're running out
running out in 2019 and to 2021 and then
we will have none of these things here
so I think it was prudent to reach out
but will the United States do it because
I mean considering the environment
particularly in the United States I mean
it Trump has his hands tied I mean on
this is on these issues he cannot do
anything go ahead Daniel well I think
you know certainly a brilliant move by
the neo cons they put in a put him in a
box they have prevented him from
fulfilling any of his campaign promises
if he moves or even says Putin without
spitting you know he's there he goes
again
he's on Putin's payroll so it is a
disaster as to the question of whether
we're in a new Cold War I would almost
say and I'm not the first who said this
that we're actually in a new hot war
during the Cold War the the better minds
in Washington were doing their best to
prevent an active conflict because
Russia is literally a threat as you
point out because it has nuclear weapons
in this new hot war with Russia where
Russians are dying by the way you have
people that are pushing usable nukes we
need usable nukes in Europe to fight
another war with Russia this is it's no
longer the dr. Strangelove's that would
make fun of these are the people that
are in power now yeah so I think it is a
far more dangerous situation than it was
in the 60s because George in during the
original Cold War there was a code of
honor you don't fight each other
you use proxies and as Daniel has
pointed out we maybe will find out the
truth because the Pentagon is pretty
economical with the truth we'll find out
if they're actually intentionally
targeting Russian contractors in Syria
you know George let me ask you something
and I know the Americans would hate this
idea but why don't we have a global arms
control agreement on nuclear weapons so
you bring in the Chinese also bring the
NATO countries that have the bomb India
Pakistan Israel it doesn't it might
admit it but it has it and everybody
does knows that and even North Korea now
see that way it is global and everyone
knows the rules of the game but the
Americans would never allow that to
happen because in the case of the
neocons negotiation is appeasement go
ahead George yes yes you know I think
that's an excellent idea
oh it was always a very strange that the
only participants in these nuclear
disarmament negotiations where it used
to be like the United States and the
Soviet Union whereas Britain and France
and China and or the other nuclear
powers they were just out of it they
were they went to consider but you know
I just going back to what Daniel said I
think that that he's absolutely right I
mean that this is a more dangerous
situation than was the case during the
Cold War because during the Cold War I
mean there was a crisis in Berlin there
was a crisis in Cuba but other than that
it never looked as if the United States
and the Soviet Union would actually get
into a shooting war I don't think that
one can be so blasé today the situation
in Ukraine I think is is quite serious
you know and the Americans seem quite
happy to escalate this yeah in Syria
again situation is quite dangerous
they're Americans are shooting at
Russians any one of these could in
spiral out of control so the front lines
of this new you know cold war are now
much closer to Russia and when you know
enough much more dangerous so and I
think which wasn't true during the
Cold War the original Cold War there is
a feeling among policy makers in
Washington that Russia is basically very
weak and that in any armed confrontation
between America and Russia America would
win pretty easily and that then the
Russians would have only one resort
which is to escalate the nuclear weapons
but they already think the Russians
would risk doing anything it's so
foolish and therefore the Russians just
simply back down and accept that us
hegemony and realize that there's no way
in the world that they can ever rival
the United States and I think this is
very dangerous there is some kind of
calculation like this going on in the
among policy makers in Mary weigh in on
that because you know you know I get
maybe I'm just way too close to it
because I live here and lived here for a
long time and I you know I go and see
the victory parade on commemorating the
end of the Second World War
it's very moving it's very real and it
touches everyone in this country and my
sense is is that in reflecting on what
George had to say if the Americans press
hard enough the Russians will defend
itself by all means available that's not
a bluff and and and no president I don't
care who it is of Russia would stand for
that whatsoever this is you know it's
really you know we've talked about this
involved I I think was two years ago is
that there there are so few real Russia
Watchers left because when the Cold War
came to an end they defunded it then you
became like an EU specialist on arms
control specialists but you know not a
hardcore Russian one and now I see
people in western media talking about
Russia and I have no idea really what
they're talking about they it's all
exaggerations or caricatures and I are
the people that are influencing policy
this is it scares me because the
Russians don't Bluff when it comes to
existence go ahead Mary no I agree with
you that Russia doesn't Bluff and I also
agree with the other two contributors
that there is a sense in which the
situation today is more dangerous on the
ground
and in conflict areas such as Syria such
as Ukraine because of the absence of the
sort of rules that existed during the
Cold War but I think in two respects
things are slightly different one of
them is that the scale is so different
and the feel in the two in the two
capitals is so different even in
Washington you have this incredible
frenzy against Russia but it's against
Russian interference in all sorts of
things in a sort of cyber dimension in a
propaganda dimension it's not really
about a sort of assault really
disappoint AK really good and I think
that there's something else that I'd
like to add to this which is that yes
Congress and the Cold War Republicans in
particular have contained Donald Trump
they've limited his room for manoeuvre
in the most effective way they've been
able to do that but I still think that
if you look at the responses from Donald
Trump in person and Vladimir Putin in
person when they talk about each other
they still retain I think at the back of
their mind the hope that one day it will
actually be possible to have proper
talks and to have an improvement in
relations and you can see that all the
invective on both sides at least until
now has been delegated to if you look on
the Russian side it's been to quite
warlike members of the Duma dronov ski
and people are the ones who make the
warlike comments against the United
States and there's something similar
happening from Trump's team as well so
that at the moment I would say that
Trump and Putin have held themselves
quite effectively above the fray and are
also communicating with each other quite
regularly by phone now obviously there
are a lot of people who don't like this
and the publicity for it is it is not
huge but I think that still there
just the slight hope that there could be
an improvement okay Danny let me go to
you I'll give you the last word here
with these new weapons and weapons
coming from the United States and Russia
the time for a leader it used to be you
know up to 5 5 to 15 minutes to make a
decision now it's getting down to a
minute or so and so if the Americans are
so terrified of you know leaving the
light on at night and looking under
their bed for Russian spies it doesn't
give me hope at least in this an
environment that were any safer go ahead
it is astonishingly dangerous and as
your previous speaker pointed out
Americans seem ready for war look
Lindsey Graham the senator from South
Carolina said just a couple of days ago
hey war with North Korea attacking North
Korea not a big deal it'd probably be
worth it'd be worth it reminds us of
Madeleine Albright when she talked about
500,000 dead Iraqi children he believes
a million dead North Koreans and South
Koreans would be worth it
this is the mentality of people okay now
then wash I'm not very good fighter I'm
not very depressing note again I just
have the impression that the inmates
have taken over the asylum many thanks
to my guests in New York London and Lake
Jackson and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember
crosstalk words
