right returning to developments now in
Syria where the United Nations has been
delivering much-needed aid to the
beleaguered district of Eastern guter
just outside the country's capital
Damascus it's the first time
humanitarian assistance has made it into
the area since fighting between the
Syrian government and the insurgents
escalated there last month well joining
me live now is Linda Tom from the UN
office for humanitarian affairs thanks
for joining us here Linda firstly it'd
be really interesting to get your views
on how you assess the operation so far
well so far we the UN the Syrian Arab
Red Crescent and ICRC have been able to
enter East gouta and that mission is
ongoing heading towards Duma we have
about forty six truckloads of health and
nutrition supplies and food for over
27,000 people and we're hoping to be
able to start the offloading in the
coming in in the coming hours the as we
said it's a lot of trucks it's a lot of
supply at the same time we have medical
doctors nutrition experts food experts
who will be doing assessments of the
situation on the ground so that we can
better inform our future assistance
Linda this is a bit of a breakthrough
isn't it that we're hearing now that
those trucks are able to go in to that
area with all those desperate people
it's not been easy though can you
explain the difficulties that have been
faced well sure this is long overdue the
last time that we reached East gouta
where we estimate about four hundred
thousand people are in need of
assistance was on the 14th of February
and when we entered at that time we were
only able to bring assistance for 7,000
people prior to that we had not been
able to reach East gouta for over 70
days so access has been a huge hurdle
for us in being able to reach people in
need in in East gouta why was it so
difficult you know we've got reports
that the UN has said that the Syrian
government prevented
medical supplies from being loaded onto
the trucks that's just one example why
was it so difficult who was present
preventing the UN from delivering that
aid I'm afraid that access has been an
ongoing issue for the humanitarian team
here in Syria and in this case we were
informed this morning by the government
of Syria UN and partners were told that
that many of the plaid health supplies
intended for Duma would not be allowed
to be loaded and in addition to that we
were not permitted to replace these
items with other life-saving items so
these included things like trauma kits
and other basic medicines and
life-saving assistance life-saving
supplies that are needed in in Douma I
spoke to a mother who's been working for
the Red Crescent and she told us that
the road out of Al Goethe to the Alba
Varden camp there was just one way out
and that was causing problems because
that road itself was dangerous with the
insurgents causing problems sniping at
people trying to escape
have you experienced the same problems
when you've been trying to deliver that
aid as well well I mean we can't speak
to be exact you know military operations
because we're not present and East guta
you know we are only able to enter
sporadically but we know that over the
past couple of days that there has been
an escalation of fighting that has
resulted in about 600 people killed and
thousands of people injured of today on
our way to to East gouta
you know we had also heard the sounds of
mortars of shelling of you know of
fighting you know along our path and
this these are real concerns because of
we cannot put the people of Douma in in
in danger by when there is ongoing
fighting and at the same time we also
have concern for the safety of the
humanitarian aid workers that are part
of this convoy and that is a dilemma
that's always a dilemma in this
situation isn't it is you know getting
the supplies
but also the workers that you employ in
addition to delivering that humanitarian
aid and you know to following on to that
from that question
to what extent is your agency in a
position to help those civilians of
wanting to leave al Goethe well I mean
our position has always been that people
should have the right to to stay in
their homes and people should have the
right to leave so people should have
freedom of freedom of movement and for
those who choose to leave they should
always have the right to return
I think in the case of East guta it's a
very specific situation it's an area
that that is completely besieged some
parts of East guta have been besieged
for years I think people cannot go in or
out of this area commercial access you
know it has completely stopped there was
a time where there was some commercial
access but at this point is completely
stopped you know basic supplies but you
know we all need in order to survive are
extremely limited or completely not
available
so of the situations extremely
challenging for men women and children
in East gouta given Linda that the
situation is so extreme and they have
been trapped for years and and just very
briefly how would you quickly evaluate
the establishment of the humanitarian
corridor by Russia well we were not part
of the discussions around the
humanitarian corridors however you know
any of any initiative that you know
alleviates the suffering of people you
know we of course welcome we you know
our primary goal is to that there is a
cessation of hostilities that there is a
humanitarian cause that is long enough
for us to be able to deliver assistance
on a regular basis what we called for
and what we continue to call for is 30
days of at least 30 days a cessation of
hostilities so that we can deliver
assistance to people in need in East
guta but also an other besieged in
hard-to-reach areas in in in Syria okay
linda tom public information officer for
the UN office for humanitarian affairs
thanks very much for coming on to
program
