now it sounds like a plot straight out
of a Hollywood movie only it happened in
a Russian village a switch of a
maternity ward 40 years ago left two
mothers raising each other's children
DNA tests have now confirmed the
suspicions that the families had been
harboring for decades picking up the
story aneasha city it's a tale of
heartache confusion and attempted murder
and it's taken two women almost 40 years
to find out they were raised by the
wrong families in a village hospital
near the Ural Mountains four women gave
birth on the same day in March 1978 but
who knew mothers left with the wrong
babies this is Veronica her blonde hair
and blue eyes
raised suspicions with her
non-biological father he thought his
wife had cheated an assumption which had
terrifying consequences of course he
didn't love her that much one day I came
back from work and my mother told me she
saw him covering Veronica's face with a
pillow I was ironing when I next saw him
I threw a hot iron at him I said if he
touched a child again I don't know what
I'll do to you eventually he abandons
the family meanwhile though growing up
nearby was Tonia again raised by couple
believing her to be their own but there
was no family resemblance the two
mothers met to discuss their doubts I
have a birth certificate how can I give
up my baby and I have not there were
more suspicions when Veronica became ill
at the age of t she was diagnosed with
an inherited disease a condition which
no one in the family had videos later
when Veronica's mother went back to the
hospital for answers Alta medical
records had been destroyed and the
maternity ward itself no longer existed
40 years on and the families finally
took DNA tests I always thought I looked
like grandma when I found out I was
shocked I thought they wouldn't love me
any more now that they found their real
daughter Veronica has always asked that
question mom why do I not look like you
why do I have a different character
she's so calm and even-tempered her face
is different from ours I used to joke
you must have been switched at birth
it's been a long painful path
families but they say they have no
regrets the mother is the one who
brought you up not the one who gave
birth I know Buddhist sutras in Maya
Kukai bony below freezing my about you
sooner beautiful Savior no hospital is
ready it just enough to me a personal
digital Katyusha Sydney utility bill
issue bush period any establish touch
but Veronica is still haunted by the
suffering she saw I feel sorry for my
mom because I have seen her struggling
for all her life
not everyone can deal with it not
everyone can be like her for the sake of
her children she has forgotten about
everything she would go to the end of
the world only for her children to be
safe and sound
but I would go to court for moral
compensation at least because we're
switched at birth because I feel myself
guilty for her in life and that my
father left her the families have now
come to terms with what happens and even
say they've gained more than they've
lost Tonya Yulia my grandchildren we are
all a big family now we are all
relatives you can't turn back time
