voting has ended in Italy's general
election and exit polls pointed to a
possible hung parliament with voters
favoring anti-establishment and
center-right parties a centre-right
coalition that includes Silvio
Berlusconi's Forza Italia and Matteo
Salvi meas lega Nord is expected to beat
the anti-establishment 5 star movement
in both of the Chamber of Deputies
and the Senate it is projected the
Coalition will get about 40% support and
the 5 star movement to 32% parties an
association sure canna reports now from
Rome
i'ma see ya thank you very much for
being with us so tell us more about the
voting today and how did this all play
out well Sean it's been quite an
election here in Italy with lots of
passions flying throughout the election
campaign throughout the election day and
now that the polls have closed we're
expecting results to trickle in
throughout the night with final results
possibly being announced by tomorrow
afternoon now in terms of the political
contenders that we've seen here in Italy
the five star movement certainly came
out doing quite well so far this is a
movement that was set up back in 2009 by
a comedian in fact and has gone from
being a political movement to really
being a force to be reckoned with in
this election and now this is an
anti-establishment Euroskeptic movement
that's also an anti-immigration that
doesn't fall on any kind of side whether
left or right they're just against all
sides of the spectrum we also of course
have Forza Italia Silvio Berlusconi's
movement who himself of course is not
able to run for public office political
office given his previous convictions
and lega Nord which is of course a party
that Berlusconi has been saying to be
forming a coalition with those are some
of the bigger contenders now the
Democratic Party which was in a power
that was run by Matteo Renzi who in fact
staked his political career in a
referendum at which he failed did not do
quite well so far now lots of issues in
this election immigration certainly
became the bigger one of them with all
of the sides being quite passionate on
this topic with even protests taking
place in Italy in the days
getting up to the election
well this has certainly been an election
that's been described by the media as
quite chaotic a disappointment some have
called it a farce no least throughout
this evening when we've been going from
a press area to press area there's been
issues with internet connections with
the journalists forced to do live shots
outside on the street in the rain so
really to some of the international
media this has been quite a surprising
way to handle being able to cover this
this election but certainly Italians
themselves have described the process as
quite confusing let's take a listen oh
did your local monopoly I'm a bit
disillusioned the programmes are always
the same and after the first three
months in power the political parties
never keep the promises they've made it
was pretty complicated it was a bit
unclear and there will be consequences
while you are trying to gain the trust
of voters creating a mess like this
amounts to a real tion well this time
when Italy went to the polls they were
also using a brand new election law
which has been untested here previously
that encouraged parties to form
coalition's before the election and now
that we have the five star movement
doing quite well so far with what we've
seen with the results coming in so far
they are going to be the single largest
party in this election now lots of
questions about once the results are
finally announced how they're going to
move forward in terms of being able to
form any kind of stable government to be
able to run the country because of
course the whole idea of implementing
new election laws was to bring some
stability to the country but with the
way the election has been unraveling
there have been lots of questions about
whether that is going to even be a
possibility so we're going to be here
throughout the night and of course
tomorrow when the final results do come
in all right our teas on associate Ric
Cunha and you know hey stay dry stay on
top of it and we'll be coming back to
you I'm sure all right we can now cross
live to Marco bassani who is a professor
of the history of political theory at
the university of milan thank you for
being with us here on Artie
international it's an interesting one to
say the least that's for sure there in
Italy according to exit polls the
anti-establishment parties have received
a
or allottee of votes with the
center-left facing defeat what are your
thoughts on the results so far well
actually you were talking well thank you
for bit for having me tonight but you
were talking about 40% of the
center-right I don't think it's more
than 35 in the exit polls at this moment
so there's there's no what I say is
there's no clear majority there's one
clear result that is the Democratic
Party that was in power is gone like 20
21 percent we'll see but it's pretty
much gone and the issue was so clearly
that of immigration that bothered them a
lot and in Clinton clearly created that
that mess for them the other thing is
the movement the five star movement
gained the whole South it's more than 30
percent nationwide but since they're not
making more than getting more than 25 20
25 percent in the North clearly they're
getting 40 percent easily you know the
southern regions and they were promising
money for nothing and actually you tell
you the truth you know the southern part
of Italy has been very much in welfare
in the past 40 years so and very much
assisted by the rest of the country so
they wanted even more and the other
thing is I don't see any majority any
majority or any coalition coming out
directly you know from though from what
where the perspective is though although
a few few few days ago the center-right
should have won but I'm not sure they
got a majority you bring up a good point
about the division between the North and
the South people who might not know
about Italian politics or about life in
the country itself know about that big
division there so going back how do you
explain that the right-wing parties were
so popular ahead of the election despite
the fact that we saw almost daily
anti-fascist protests across the country
well right through we're talking we're
talking the big thing the big challenge
was with between Silvio Berlusconi
and Matteo salvini whoever was gonna win
that right so probably Matteo Sylvanian
will be a little bit ahead and we will
be tempted to form a government with the
five star he said no I will not do that
but he will be tented there is nothing
in the Italian electoral law that
prohibits that right you go there you're
in Parliament and you see if you can
form a majority once you are there now
if we were in the vomer republic of the
1930s over 1920s we'd gone voting
looking for a majority you know voting
three four or five times but I guess in
Europe right now
it's not an option so they will find
some sort of coalition but the the most
likely coalition which is actually the
coalition that was in power for the past
five years was Berlusconi with reigns he
reigns Berlusconi who was actually not I
mean not openly but was in truth on the
side of Renzi for five years so but this
time there are no numbers you know for
its Italian with Berlusconi's got like
14 or 15 percent and the Democratic
Party has got twenty percent so they do
not have a majority so there's no clear
majority and anything can come up
there's a there's not it's not like in
Germany where when there's no clear
majority you know what's gonna happen
Mike the two major parties will go for
the gross equality on in Italy there is
there are three three big air parties
and two or three more and actually the
center white was fooled by them clearly
by the immigration issue there's no
doubt about that
all right Marco Bassani professor of the
history of political theory at the
University of Milan thanks for helping
us sort through this tonight on art
international
