five months of political uncertainty in
Germany is finally over after a grand
coalition was confirmed as the new
government all over again the Social
Democrats have officially confirmed a
coalition government with Angela
Merkel's Christian and Democrats that
means that Chancellor will enter her
thirteenth year in power and the
question is now how will the parties
cooperate given their opposing views on
migration
Arty's Europe correspondent Peter Oliver
takes a look at developments when
Germany finally gets round to having a
government again one of the main issues
it's going to face is the number of
small towns and cities that have slammed
the door in the face of migrants
flat-out saying they're not going to
take any more foreigners the latest is
pure Amazon's in the southwest close to
the French border the town took in more
than a thousand Asylum applicants most
of whom were successful there Mazen's
had been a center for Footwear
manufacturing but with those jobs long
gone it slipped into steady economic
decline now the mayor's office has said
they simply don't have the money to take
anyone else and the state government has
agreed with them for now anyway we are
ready to provide short-term help to perm
arsons as the town is in a unique
situation
the mayor has come out this week and
thanked the government for giving us a
breather
but locals say they simply had to happen
you really don't have enough money I
think I mean especially the city here I
know that it's a properly in school in
the kindergarten to because they have
not enough teachers also there are poor
people in Germany and in PMS and there
are a lot of poor people and so the
people here and PMS and say don't don't
take so lot of refugees if Jemison's had
more money then they could take more
refugees but that must be paid by the
government it's not the only town to
impose similar measures earlier this
year I visited Cottbus around 120
kilometers or so from Berlin it's
imposed a stop on Asylum applicants
that's after a No
violent incidents involving refugees and
far-right groups Germany should start
controlling its borders and stop the
uncontrolled migration that has been
going on for two and a half years and
Merkel must go the government should
change or it won't get any better there
are different reasons why people have to
flee but we have to distinguish those
from economic reasons those who truly
seek refuge should be granted asylum
status but we need to separate between
those who really look for shelter and
those young strong in the Bioman who
managed to get all the way to Germany
and in February Freiburg in Saxony took
action to halt the arrival of more
refugees for the next four years saying
there just wasn't enough kindergarten
and school places in the town
we are not xenophobic which we are often
accused of being we are dealing with
integration we want to guarantee
integration we have done a lot but when
in the end there is no space what are we
supposed to do this summer it'll be
three years since Angela Merkel opened
Germany to refugees and migrants and the
consequences of that decision are still
weighing heavy on the country small
towns Peter Oliver RT Berlin
