meanwhile dubious claims of Russian
connection risen to award-winning levels
the New York Times has secured one of
the most reputable prizes in journalism
for a story about president Trump's ties
to Russia vast despite one of its
articles being debunked by the FBI Kalam
often dealt a little deeper the George
Polk award is one of the most
prestigious awards in journalism and the
award for discovering connections
between Donald Trump and the Russians
goes to the New York Times and The
Washington Post special recognition goes
out this year to the staffs of the New
York Times and The Washington Post for
their extraordinary effort in uncovering
the connection between the Trump
presidential campaign and the Kremlin
that led to special counsel Robert
Miller's ongoing investigation yes these
bold reporters investigated and
uncovered that Donald Trump's family has
direct ties to some Russian spies now
what a huge discovery no wonder they won
this huge award except that's not
actually true take the New York Times
article with the headline Trump campaign
aides had repeated contact with Russian
intelligence it was debunked by FBI
director James Comey not exactly Trump's
biggest fan or promoter would it be fair
to characterize that story is almost
entirely wrong yes people talking about
it
often don't really know what's going on
and those of us who actually know what's
going on are not talking about it and we
don't call the press to say hey you got
that thing wrong about this sensitive
topic we just have to leave it there so
over half a year ago the story was
actually refuted by former FBI director
James Comey but still that's not
considered big enough of a reason that
we shouldn't be proud of these
journalists for their bold investigative
work Michael you've broken so many
stories this past year and I've referred
to you in a column as the ubiquitous
Michael Schmidt because you are at the
center of so many of these things and
breaking them what exactly are they
being awarded for perhaps it was written
in a particularly good prose style it
gripped the reader's attention like an
action novel or another good work of
fiction here's what the head of the Polk
award said with smartphones and social
media we have never
had more access to information and yet
truth is more elusive than ever the Polk
awards honor truth the New York Times
did run a correction like any good
newspaper an earlier version of a photo
caption with this article gave an
incorrect middle initial for Paul manna
for it is J not D that's what you call
honest journalism at least when it comes
to initials Kaleb Maupin RT New York
