the infamous so-called Russian trolls
have finally revealed themselves in a
series of tongue-in-cheek video
confessions they say they were the ones
who influenced the u.s. presidential
election my name is Ethan Sokol and I'm
from New Jersey
so according to our beloved corporate
media I'm a Russian bot my name is
Danielle st. John from California and I
am a Russian bot my name is Wil Markham
from California and I am a Russian but
the people in the video as you heard our
in fact American activists who believe
the media has hyped up Russia's
perceived Reach online they're trying to
point out that they themselves chose who
to vote for the media pushes this
narrative that Russia is to blame for
everything
Russia hacked PSE Russia has hacked into
a lot of things massive interference in
American elections but if that's the
case why did the DNC let the FBI look at
their servers
it wasn't Russia it was asked not just
in the Facebook groups who were also
there on the ground you know protesting
and I personally made more means in this
election about Hillary Clinton been
anybody in Russia I'm sure there'd be a
lot of messages we can give to the
politicians out there but
sorry this is just us your social media
feed may have been part of Russia's
interference in the election
he started to get the ques des you know
a Russian for Russian bot and we're
thinking to ourselves we don't even
speak Russian
the mass of America is being
misrepresented to the world their ties
with the Kremlin they're the Russian a
certain puppet we start to think okay
they're they're really just trying to
mess with us they were taking both sides
of the argument to try to just raise the
noise level anybody who was paying
attention to the 2016 election knows how
much election fraud was going on we know
where the action is collusion what it
was between the DNC in the mainstream
media
this whole Russia a narrative is a huge
smokescreen to distract from all the
corruption and the Democratic Party and
the Republican Party I'm running for
Congress actually one politician this
weekend basically laughing
not the wreck first black you know we're
all oppressed by the sea
we're not taking any corporate money the
mainstream media pundits their elites
all the politicians they're all they're
all profiting off bars our division all
of our bickering so we need to fight
that you guys together and demonstrate
that we are real people
Bernie Sanders accused me of being
Russian
chips
