the leader of the Dutch party for
freedom has been criticized for a public
display of friendship on a recent visit
to the State Duma in Moscow Gert velders
were a Russian Netherlands friendship in
but controversy is never far away from
the Dutch politician building up a
reputation following statements like
these if you like Islam and if you want
more mosques or Imams you may have it
but not here I'm very happily surprised
with politicians like Donald J Trump you
know it's a kind of refreshment the
fresh air in a room where the windows
have been closed for too long
the Netherlands have become a sick
country fighting the Islamization will
also make our countries and more safe
wealth ride his career builders has been
called a provocateur an islamaphobe and
the Dutch Donald Trump earlier my
colleague Neil Harvey spoke with him
about Islam God his haircut and flat
Amir Putin you can watch the interview
and fall throughout the day on Rt
International for now though here's a
quick preview of the talk I believe
today in Europe we face even something
worse than an economical problem we face
what I call an existential problem
because of all those open borders that
we have and the invitations of leaders
like Angela Merkel who sent via chef
eNOS we will make it come and to our
society and for the last decades
millions of people have come and they
unfortunately not always assimilated it
is a toxic combination to have open
borders and no demands of assimilation
or
integration of foreigners in your own
society I've nothing against the people
I've nothing against Muslims
unfortunately I believe that Islam is
not there to assimilate people can
assimilate but the Islamic ideology will
not and Europe is not an Islamic entity
either
