a British Court has found a 25 year old
Islamic studies teacher guilty of
attempting to create an army of his
children from his students to attack
London landmarks Poli Boyka has been
following the case the specifics list of
the story are really quite staggering
umar haqq he's a 25 year old teacher and
he taught a class in Islamic studies at
school here in London and also at a
mosque he was teaching 11 to 14 year
olds and that's even though he had no
teaching qualifications whatsoever he
was allowed to teach these classes
unsupervised anyone could see what he
was doing but that was where he
attempted to brainwash these Muslim
children and teenagers take a look to
some of the details provided in court
during this court case the investigation
found a hundred and ten children that he
radicalized in the classroom he was
showing terrorist propaganda and
beheading videos he was also getting
them to reenact the westminster attack
and how to attack police officers well
when hack was alone with the boys that
was when he would start to talk about
Islamic state ideology he used his
laptop in the school to project onto a
whiteboard images of knives guns of
beheadings and also of burning passports
and he said that he wanted to teach them
to drive when they got older so they
could carry out attacks multiple attacks
later on they also did role plays during
these classes where some would act as
police officers others would act as
terrorists carrying out four headings
and he tried to prepare the kids
physically as well he would have them
running around and doing push-ups he'd
tell them not to talk to anyone in fact
he made them take an oath of silence and
many of the kids said that they were
paralyzed by fear they thought he would
hurt them if they were to talk to
anybody about what he was teaching them
what's particularly interesting here and
what's going to probably lead to a few
questions to the government is how all
this was taking place in a school that's
rated as outstanding by Ofsted which is
the British government's watchdog for
schools
and in fact the school inspection
happened while hack was brainwashing the
kids there he had to be dragged out of
court today and he was dragged out of
the dock by officers while he was
ranting the judge is going to be
sentencing him for all of this at a
later date joining me live now to
discuss this further is terrorism expert
and author Tim Ito pay a lot oh now hack
had access to more than 250 children are
you surprised the school didn't know
this was happening right under their
noses no no I'm not surprised I'm quite
surprised that the British government
has allowed this to continue we are
talking of a situation where this kind
of schools exist you know they say they
are tolerant they do not ascribe relate
to the British value because if they do
you know they would know quite well that
this kind of treaty should not be
happening
why few teachers take their own laptop
to screws what kind of curriculums do
they have who is monitoring the
curriculum who is monitoring the lessons
that are being taught you know these are
lapses that you know upstate we need to
you know look into an insurer because we
have a situation where we are mad
madrasah
about two thousands of them which the
Cameron prom means will be regulated and
in 2016 a cancer of not a most stood up
to say no they don't want to be
regulated so you know most of this must
have to not stand up asta ask the
questions about what is happening when
their doors are closed now in this case
the children have said that they were
too scared to speak out what kind of
safeguards can be taken to prevent a
repeat of this situation I think what is
quite important is they kind of syllabus
that is being taught because you know
which you remember there are fifty
thousand churches in the whole of
genetic Kingdom with about three hundred
and forty different diversion of
Christianity being told we don't have
this kind of no challenges in those
places in their Sunday schools so why is
it that we're having this child
it shows that the leadership the Muslim
leadership need to sit up and ensure
that they put their house in order and
the government also need to ensure that
the regulator's these groups to ensure
that the lessons which they are teaching
behind closed doors are visible for
everyone to see that everybody knows
what is being taught the parents are
fully aware of lessons because if the
teachers are deviating away from the
lessons then definitely you know this
will have been quite close like teaching
mathematics and deviating to teach about
terrorism everybody will have known that
something something is going wrong and
this is where we need to really work on
the curriculums in these schools and
ensure that government comes out to
ensure that these groups are be
regulated well of course and I do think
it is important to point out that this
teacher was deviating from the
curriculum this was his own idea his own
project now not so long ago we heard the
story of how a person with radical views
was also able to get a job at Heathrow
Airport of course a major airport in
London despite a background check and
now we have this could it be that people
with radical views are working anywhere
and everywhere oh definitely there's no
doubt that the vetting system need to be
reviewed again because again with mr.
umma
he I don't think he actually got any
proper check done and the the he was
also a friend of mr. Bhatt who worked
with a lot of other grad who was
involved in the killing at London Bridge
and the individuals again not it's also
there is need to revisit you know the
the vetting system and ensuring that the
tated the 3000 hadn't jihadist I is
known to exist to live within the UK and
others that are suspected are actually
placed on the system so that when they
apply for specific jobs are a sensitive
that names will come up for those
authorities to make a decision on what
are they are suitable for this job or
that the risks could be properly managed
terrorism expert and author tomato PLO
thank you so much for your comments and
your time this evening
