fears have been raised over possible new
trade Wars after Donald Trump announced
huge tariffs on steel and aluminium
imports to the US that one move
threatens to cast a major blow to Asian
Canadian and European markets we're
going to be instituting tariffs next
week we'll be signing we're gonna have
new jobs popping up we're gonna have
much more vibrant companies and then the
rest is going to be up to management to
make them truly great well some of the
largest global steel and aluminium
exporters have already suggested they
could retaliate the European Union has
said it will react firmly to defend its
interests and file some countermeasures
Germany warned of the same saying
Washington should be clear about it and
Canada joined that chorus as well and
strong words were also heard from China
the US has seriously hummed the
interests of Chinese aluminium full
exporters China hereby expresses its
dissatisfaction to counter the wrong
practices of the US China will take
necessary measures to defend its
legitimate rights and interests China
expert andrew leung believes that trumps
move will not only spark an
international trade war but could also
backfire on Washington itself this
unilateral measure a it is ripping up
the rules of international trade and
secondly it's not going to do America
and any good because the of the cost
differential of production so the costs
are much more to produce the same thing
in the United States to other countries
so this is the the modern economy where
everything is connected and by lapping
this tariffs on on steel it's not going
to bring
make the American steel industry
competitive what is being affected the
universities immediately would be the
customers and a lot of jobs are at stake
inside America so I think that this is
really going against the grain and also
other countries can be carried there's
lots of instruments
in in China and then likely is going to
start a kind of trade wall which is not
good for anyone
