it seems there's a poisoned chalice in
the White House at least under Trump
hope Hicks has become the fourth White
House communications chief to leave the
job in under a year gale M open now
looking at why it's a post that no one
seems able to hold on to the Trump
administration has been rather unique in
the way it interacts with the media and
that has made the job of communications
director arguably one of the hardest in
the White House remember Sean Spicer he
was the first to get the job and he
ended up being not an anonymous
bureaucrat but a TV personality and a
household name he actually got moved up
into the spotlight when Trump had him
serve as press secretary at the same
time now the press was not exactly
pleased to be served by him
Bing wants a nice Sean Spicer began his
first day on the job as White House
press secretary blatantly lying I hope
that Sean spicey sees this right here
because I'm shaking my head - after his
tumultuous tenure at the White House
Sean Spicer tried to win the affection
of the media he did a frank interview
after his resignation about his own
shortcomings and he even tried to do a
funny sketch at the Emmys but it didn't
quite work out some people may have
found that incredibly funny to see him
especially you know playing out that
role from Saturday Night Live but others
criticized his appearance they're saying
that it normalized Sean Spicer and in
fact normalized the Trump White House a
few months after Spicer
we got Anthony scaramouche II he carved
his name in the history books with words
mostly four-letter ones in his short 10
day tenure the media wasted no time it
actually makes sense that this is shock
week because one of them just popped up
in the White House some people
scaramouche he may seem like a strange
choice for White House communications
director he was getting too far out
front and in a bad way and that the
president realized it and then the relay
baton was passed to hope Hicks now she
had a completely different approach she
completely avoided the spotlight she
didn't even have a Twitter account but
that didn't stop her personal life and
career history from ending up on
prime-time
now she's headed through the exits -
she's 29 years old and demonstrated the
colossal e bad judgment and utter lack
of professionalism in becoming
romantically involved with White House
aide Rob Porter who two previous wives
accused of domestic violence so who's
next the job of White House
communications director is certainly
prestigious but no one wants to keep it
for very long in the Trump
administration how easy can it be
running communications for a man that
the mainstream media just loves to hate
Caleb Maupin RT New York
