Poland's Jewish Association has accused
a Catholic priest of spreading hate
after he claimed on a TV show that Jews
have their own version of truth for us
the truth corresponds to facts for the
Jews truth means something that confirms
their understanding of what's beneficial
if a Jew is religious then truth means
something God wants for secular Jews the
truth is subjective or whatever serves
Israel's interests the union of Jewish
communities in Poland wrote a letter to
the National Broadcasting Council
demanding that a comment on the priests
words and the anchors response of
letting the remarks go unchallenged the
union also urged the council to take
measures to avoid such cases in the
future writer and political commentator
Ovid oreshkin says anti-semitism is on
the rise we see in almost all post war
SAP Act countries certain very dangerous
attempts not just to rewrite their
history but especially to glorify the
darkest pages of the history on the eve
of the Holocaust day they take this
amendment to their law allowing to put
on trial people for action telling truth
about their all of post in the Holocaust
they are humiliating the memory of
victims we must talk the truth and
unfortunately I don't see in European
countries and even America talking
openly and loudly about glorification of
Nazi criminals in Ukraine and in the
Baltic States
