working to visit on a number of African
countries and colon amoeba Amazon pigs
in Bob and Ethiopia meetings upland
always the leadership of these countries
and the full-fledged negotiations always
at the heads of the ministries of
Foreign Affairs we accept that the talks
will be held on the International and a
legendary special attention given to the
issues of building the new original and
international agenda and you
multi-centered structure and
architecture international the
relationship that should be based upon
the international law especially on the
principle of non-interference in to the
inner affairs of sovereign states
special attention will be given to the
priority fields of bilateral and
multilateral cooperation in countering
terrorism transnational crime as well as
drug trafficking and so on an important
topic will be the discussion of the ways
of solution of conflicts at the African
continent as well as the Middle East
settlement the situation around and in
Syria the situation at the Korean
Peninsula as well as reform in the
Security Council of the UN meetings and
visits of mr. Lavrov in the capitals of
African states will allow for a thorough
analysis of the perspectives of trade
economic humanitarian science and
research ties and relationships it is
planned to discuss the mutual measures
on improving the work at this field
target in fruitful cooperation and
important sites of international
communication we will elaborate on this
information before the visit but
information will be given you also
during the WIDA themselves on the 13th
of march negotiations of a minister
lavrov always the Minister of the
International Republic will be held in
Moscow there is a wide range of issues
of bilateral cooperation stepping up
political dialog development over trade
economic and humanitarian ties
as well as substantial discussion of
international and regional challenges
you'll get more information on the
bilateral relationship at the website of
the ministry on the 14th of March in
Moscow there will be the sixth meeting
of the joint strategic planning group
led by the Minister of Foreign Affairs
of Russia and Turkey the political
dialogue between Russia and Turkey is
characterized by high dynamics of
contacts and intensity we expect to
compare notes on the major issues of the
Lateran agenda and analyse the
fulfilment of agreements reached between
the president of the russian federation
and the president of Turkey as well as
discuss the preparations for yet another
regular meeting of the separation
council under the chairmanship of the
state leaders we are going to discuss
the implementation of be lateral energy
projects including the building of power
plant
ikuo and the building of Turkish stream
the Minister it is expected that there
will be exchange of opinions on the
regional and international issues
including combating terrorism Middle
East settlement boosting the process of
political settlement in Syria in the
context of the Syrian national dialogue
and searching anos vision to the present
issues of international affairs and our
foreign policy as we regularly inform
you I'd like to share with you with some
numbers and facts in the framework over
cold in preparations to the elections of
the President of the Russian Federation
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has its
jurisdiction here we proactively work in
this field we are going to assist
holding elections abroad the ballots are
being delivered to our foreign missions
as well as territory Election
Commission's are being formed 32
ambassadors
leading these Commission's including
Austria new zealand Uzbekistan
Kazakhstan and so on
there are 45 general consuls involved in
the protest to the executive orders on
forming the territorial Election
Commission's has been carried out
further in order to involve as many
electors as possible
we have done the following actions the
number of the side for the end of
February ma makes 393 this is the number
of that this number has improved
compared with the last session in 2012
the early elections were held in 166
cities of 62 countries right now we have
a 356 in 90 countries of the world this
scoop has never been seen before
for the first time of organising
elections abroad we tried to conduct the
electoral process in this on the sides
that are most popular among the Russian
citizens this our NGO are in the
applicate pattaya thailand sues in
tunisia cocada egypt and other tourist
sites the onsite elections will be held
there to this end we also go to india
egypt sharm el sheikh in this case
you'll get some extra information later
especially created sites are in Iran in
the Belarus Santa Cruz in Bolivia in
Vietnam that the site of one tau major
industry sites and infrastructure being
by the Russian specialists we'll also be
able to take part in the elections
elections will be held in Angola Algeria
Bangladesh open Sudan and token we know
that the leaders of Latvia and Estonia
have prohibited to establish extra
polling stations and voting stations
that is by the way not in full
compliance I believe with the OSC
framework for example still in this
respect the Russian side has taken the
decision to hold elections at the voting
stations in this countries both on the
17th and the 18th of March besides we've
learned to organize free bus transfers
from the cities where there is a great
number of Russian citizens the
information can be taken at the sides
over foreign missions of the Russian
Federation on the 15th of February the
first meeting always the representatives
of the foreign missions in Sweden
Germany and a number of other states
were conducted a workshop over holding
it in the legal field who was held the
leadership widely appreciated the work
that has been done by the ministry and
foreign missions in this field we'll do
our best so that this appreciation will
stay with us quite a similar meeting is
planned for the 27th of February in
Berlin on the basis of the Russian
embassy in order to include far away
foreign missions we plan a number of
conferences held in the ministry we have
only held one for Africa and Asia and
America are waiting for it we know that
this kind of work is in high demand and
our diplomatic colleagues that right now
I engaged in the preparation of the
election process satisfied and a
grateful to us for the possibility at
least to get answers for some present
even in the format of a teleconference
on the site of the Central Election
Commission in the NASA report of the
site there already are addresses of all
the Russian foreign mission sites and
embassies where the elections will be
held this week we have once again proven
that this information is a true-to-life
today in the afternoon this information
will be also placed at our website and I
believe in the social networks do you
have a list of these voting stations
I've mentioned there will be telephones
addresses the hotline telephones and so
on besides I'd like to attract your
extra attention to it apart from all
there are the issues that are in the
center of attention apart from the
topics that I usually subject to
misinformation we have yet another one
now that is the electoral campaign in
the social networks at some popular
pages of the bloggers I see a number of
ideas that it will be very difficult to
vote abroad that one needs alergic most
months to wait for their allowances that
one should be registered everything is
piled up you know one can be in the
control is that's one thing while the
election and preparation for the
elections is quite another pair of shoes
all the information is placed at the
website of the Central Election
Committee if you are abroad on the day
of election please or use the
information that is provided by the
official site and migrate request to the
media would you please inform their
citizens on this topic please do your
best to do that
because we have a lot of misinformation
manifestations and we are speaking about
the people that should
have their right to vote so we shall use
all our possibilities in comparison with
the earlier electoral cycles right now
the work has significantly been stepped
up at the level of the ministry and now
let us switch to some other present
issues of the world Syria is our
priority as usual during the latest two
weeks the tensions have exacerbated in
and around Syria there are two trends
that midget are they in this field on
the one hand one that has been divined
by the efforts of Russia and its
partners in the Astana format that is
the team of the special envoy of the um
mr. de Mistura his efforts target
pertain and the positive momentum that
has been given to the Syrian settlement
after holding the Congress of Syrian
national dialogue in Sochi the goal was
to ensure real steps toward peaceful
settlement on the basis of the UN
Security Council resolution 2254 on the
other hand we have some favorite habits
of the terrorists to hinder this process
unfortunately these activities were not
condemned by their foreign partners on
the contrary they tried to cover for
them and to justify these activities in
order to try and grab the initiative
from Russia and ensure the
implementation of the I'd rather say
from the point of view of the
international peace and stability very
short-sighted and let us say an clever
plans and all-in-all the second trend as
such doesn't have to do anything
absolutely anything with the true
interests of the Syrian people they have
quite a different point of view and it
varies within the country but still what
is done by the terrorists militants and
extremists is not in their interest
there is no doubt about that
the stand-off also is accompanied under
that with the
brave humanitarian situation and
ungrounded allegations and accusations
of Damascus of applying chemical weapons
that is absolutely unfounded because
there has never been any proof about
these applications taken into
consideration the recent statement of
the head of the corresponding body in
the u.s. mr. mattis everything is based
only on their utterances of the
terrorists some volunteers some
eyewitnesses that could have to do with
the infamous white helmets that have
repeatedly been accused of lies and
spreading faked videos and news by the
way the one that has almost gone viral
today in the Internet is yet an other
staged chemical attack of the alleged
application of chlorine in the
settlement of shifu at the same time
they state their messages about the
application of chemical agent by
extremists constantly grow ignored thus
in the period between the 15th and the
17th of February in the province in
Italy two cases of application were
registered that was chlorine applied by
the militants speaking about the
humanitarian pot in the middle of
February the joint humanitarian convoy
of the UN and ICRC have delivered
medicine and food supplies to the city
of Nashua however the fact that in this
region the ceasefire was declared
opposed for three days it never stopped
the terrorists from shelling Damascus
and the vicinity on the 24th and 25th of
February more than 70 mortar shells and
rockets were launched at Damascus
shellings are conducted daily in the
recent days thirty-two civilians have
died 200
are injured after the unilateral
unilateral exception by the UN Security
Council on the 24th of February of the
resolution 24:01 that supports the
elevation of the humanitarian situation
in Syria and ensure that there is no
delay pertain in the end of hostilities
and the humanitarian pause for the
period not less than 30 days is required
as a result of the militants have only
stepped up a number of their minor
attacks the creation of corridor and the
five-hour ceasefire is being ignored
while the terrorists provide the
response in the form of a desperate
shellings thus cause and hindrances to
safe and secure movements of people and
humanitarian cargos such provocations
that have created the conditions for the
major counterterrorism operation in is
Goethe it is supported by the air forces
of Syria and Russia liberated already
are the settlements of Hazard marcella
here and partially nasha bia this
strategic high Telford that is also
under the control of with the German
troops after severe clashes the Syrian
force national forces have come to the
side of Jose Deborah a number of
buildings are already under the control
of the Syrian army in the site of a
large army it is reported that the
American missile launch systems of the
TEL type are applied by the militants in
the area in the north the government
forces are moving forward there is a
number of a single provocations also in
the north of the Hama province in the
province of their azure there are some
signs
that the life is coming back to normal
on the territory it from the ISIL during
the first weeks of February about 300
families have come back to their houses
in Abu Kamal special infrastructure is
being built over the freighters in order
to ensure that people can come home mine
clearance is conducted in Abu Kamal and
Al mayadeen while the storage sites of
weapons left by militants are being
discovered on the other bank of the
Ephrata
a number of people have fallen victims
of the airstrike conducted by the us-led
coalition according to the current
information the number of meetings
victims exceeds 10 people we closely
monitor the events that come about the
Syrian armed opposition including Zapata
Gaviria and hiya Tahrir Asham as a
result of the activities of the
government roof troops the members of
the Al nusra al live in one city after
another the closer work with our
partners on restoring the humanitarian
access to the settlement of IDPs under
the name of Reuben however there is some
non-compliance with the Security Council
resolution 2401 among them is the
illegal presence of the US troops in the
vicinity of our tonfa now while it is
ranked as a harsh violation of Syrian
sovereignty while the terrorists have
conducted attacks on site they are
supported and sponsored have triggered
the hysteria on non-fulfillment of the
Security Council resolution 2401 once
again I'd like to reiterate Russia
supported
the resolution and voted for it and
immediately after it was approved
together with the government of Syria
the legal the government of Syria we
took all the necessary measures and
implemented it in the very form that
they were prescribed we are not going to
cause any hindrances to the Syrian
government in combating terrorism
however we bear in mind that these
terrorists are the people that have
repeatedly even shelled the Russian
missions and Embassy in Damascus that
was mentioned by minister Lavrov too in
order to implement the resolution 2401
one does not need need fake papers
without signatures with ungrounded
allegations of Russia Iran and Syria and
violations of the resolution 2254 2468
24:01 one needs instead to undertake
very concrete steps to ensure that the
terrorists are split always the
so-called moderate a Polish opposition
that the ceasefire regime has been
observed and that the actions are taken
that are recognized by the UN Security
Council on the resolution 2254 and
always the regard of the decisions
undertaken in the framework of the
Kandra that took place in sochi CP know
about humanitarian consequences
regarding the operation on taking Raqqa
it was related by the coalition headed
by the lead the u.s. we are really
anxious about the situation in Iraq
Edison administrative center of the same
province in the north of Syria
population of the population of this
city before the crisis of 2011 amounted
to around 300,000 people but when the
territory was captured in the Ephrata
s-- in 2014 it amounted to
I was amounted to 800,000 people for
because of IDPs gradually the citizen
has become a life shield of the Isis
serve the Caliphate which turned Raqqa
in the capital into November 2016 Syrian
democratic forces with the backbone are
the Kurds started the operation on free
in Raqqa from terrorists which ended in
October 2017 during all this period the
SDF used active support of aviation and
artillery pleaded by the US which almost
have Sheppard the city with bomb shells
mortar shells so with white phosphorus a
year cities and peaceful citizens were
in real trap and were gradually
destroyed those foreign council advisors
even did not try to listen to create
humanitarian corridors humanitarian
forces yeah no relationship
magic air medical evacuation and support
of any kind of supports provide any kind
of supports now we have some kind of
parallels between what was happening for
example in Aleppo I'd like to remind you
that always when Syrian army with
support of the Russian air cosmic air
space forces were performing operations
first of all the possibilities to
preserve lives were calculated and that
was the meaning and the main priority
about the citizens and civilians I like
to remind you the number of things the
number of times when we were telling
this in the in that hole
about the operations which were planned
and implemented on assistants and a
supply of humanitarian cargoes
humanitarian assistance provided medical
assistance to those who were getting out
of the places where the anti-terrorist
operations were held were being held the
destiny of the population the citizens
of rakia was not a point of interest for
those who were leading this operation as
well as generally the western community
all the well-known short ceasefires are
referring to the point when the most
capable subdivision surfaces were
withdrawn out of rakia to move them to
taser and other places where they had to
fight with the governmental forces after
many months of siege
Rocco was actually demolished and the
materials from the from the UAVs it just
proves it all the all the infrastructure
was this destroyed the eyewitnesses say
that there is an awful stench from the
from the corpse who which are still
under the under the ruins the West
doesn't want to know anything about it
Western journalists don't want to write
anything about that humanitarian
organizations who was so closely
following the things that were happening
in a leper not following the
governmental forces activities do not
want to pay attention on the situation
in racket this city is stuffed with
deadly traps left by terrorists and
unexploded shells used by the coalition
and all that is like everywhere and it's
waiting for this
new victims calls for a number of
Western countries for on mining the rock
is still remaining a theory it's hard to
judge what is the destiny of hundreds of
thousands of peaceful citizens who were
before this is the siege how many are
living in terrible on human conditions
Raqqa is a city spirit at the same time
there is some local council exist there
is a little rooms but who who represents
it this council and what is responsible
for probably at the observatory on human
rights in Syria will tell us about that
at the same time any lawful
administration of this racket does not
exist the u.s. violating the sovereignty
of Syria
do not allow neither representatives of
Syrian civil forces or military forces
but international organizations as well
and the media at the same time according
to the leaked Ian's out of this Iron
Curtain the information the Romanian
citizens of Raqqa badly need urgent
humanitarian help that's why Russian
Federation has put forward the
initiative to create the mission which
would give an absolutely assessment of
the situation and that assess the the
needs of the Syrians develop the
measures of reaction in these urgent
conditions and we have to pay to focus
International International Commission
who are in the anti-isis coalition the
point 10 of unanimously taken resolution
2004 oh one calls all the parties to
contribute to delivering humanitarian
help to all those who need it and to
provide humanitarian agencies a safe and
free access to all area areas with heavy
a humanitarian situation and within the
framework of forces just mentioned twice
in the text with this resolution at the
st.
instead of country be contributing to
solving problems of the Syrian people in
the mass media like like you recall from
or like a answers for Russian initiative
if there are some announcements of
responsible initiative in lack of value
in parallel Russian efforts to
contribute settlement in Syria in this
kind I would like to answer to this kind
of analytics Russia has never ever had
parallel or perpendicular efforts our
efforts are aimed at universal and
complete following of unanimously
accepted resolutions of the UN Security
Council to to 542 401 at the same time
Russia is gradually making this
implementation practical impetus giving
practical impetus to that contrary to
some kind of partners who have done it
and only a theory and have nothing to do
with Syrian settlement of light remind
you it was so often Aleppo was recalled
that it's not like that and not like
this there is a let's call this person a
mayor of Aleppo a person who took
responsibility on leading the lives of
this much suffering City or and
according to this information thanks to
the forces who were like move in region
2 through the wrong side and which later
lead it to some kinda for Arab Spring
and some 200,000 people
he told living in Aleppo the citizens
let us let's just not try to teach I
understand that this information which
we provide are just pissing off people
but guys it's true we have to face it
and now we are regularly receiving big
number of questions about the situation
with Russian citizens female citizens
who
in the region we are speaking about
about women about children who are in
the region who got there due to various
reasons and we have a number of
questions regarding about the situation
in Iraq we're speaking about those who
are being kept in detention facilities
in Iraq those Russian female citizens
would prepare the information according
to this information I would like to
share it with you answering these
questions as well
so due to information we have today in
one of prisons of Baghdad
parallel to the citizens and children's
for other countries females we have 292
russian-speaking women 49 children they
allegedly can be citizens of Russian
Federation they are under trial and they
are prohibited from contacting with with
those who are not involved and with
foreign diplomats as well that's why the
axis for Russian diplomats is closed for
them for the moment as a result the
airplane's judge judge full activities
on widows and wives or foreign gorillas
of the ISIS Russian citizens can be
among them against them they will be
there will be convictions in illicit
presence in Iraq a territory terrorist
activity or a system for terrorist
activity if they if it is proved they
can have death penalty life imprisonment
or very long imprisonment Iraq law on
fighting terrorism is really a severe
and people who are war part of the ISIS
can can hardly expect and anything
anything positive for them the problem
is getting worse because of
identification of children and people
who are there women who are there some
of them deliberately destroyed their
documents
to avoid the prosecution some of them
occasionally lost this documents and
it's really hard to identify them some
of them are not speaking item one
language I mean these children so the
Embassy in Baghdad gradual and quite in
an energetic manner are working to find
out the citizenship of these people and
to find out who was really arrested
diplomatic notes were sent with the
requirements to give access to the
consulate Department of the embassy to
have access to them in case if if they
found fine day I found out to be
Russians they will be provided by the
tip by the legal assistance of the local
attorneys and local lawyers so we are
trying to get this access to to the
women and as for children the Iraq
government has never been against they
are returned to Russia in case of
correct formal documentation we have as
you know quite broad experience in this
thing from summer 2017 up to today from
Iraq and Syria 24 women and 73 children
who are returned to Russia once more I
want to say that this is constantly
controlled by the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs because I have a big number of
messages requests and letters from from
the relatives from Russian regions
that's why we're closely following that
regularly as soon it becomes possible
some facts or some tendencies all the
way this operation is working we a we
can announce that but it's not always
possible I'd like to stress it as for
Yemen
one more escalation of
we are dealing with the major humanity
and crisis of today of the recent past
this is not only our assessments this is
the direct quote of which is proven by
statistics which was provided during the
briefings in the Security Council of the
UN out in 2007 or January not a special
envoy of only Yemen - he stopped his
operating in this in this in this
quality that's met and this data was
proved by the director of humanitarian
operations of the UN messaging so what
are the numbers humanitarian assistance
is required by over twenty two point two
million people over eight about eight
and a half million people are starving
most part of them are children
over 1 million are suffering from
diseases in 21st century two million
Yemenis have become internally transport
transferred persons you know when
Russian delegation was working and in
the conference on this on disarmament in
Geneva in the UN Department their rule
moving from one hole to another there
were some bilateral meetings and one of
Western journalists comes out comes up
to me and this asking for comments he is
we are moving he's following me asked
him and and the last question which we
she asked there was not like the last
question to a block of questions
don't you think about Syrian children
they are being murdered I was speaking
about that before in the West knew
something about Syrian children find out
something about them before the active
phase before development of humanitarian
crisis I have a different question as
for children of Yemen
does somebody in the West remember about
it some kind of delegation is he's
really approached and somebody runs up
to them and says like do you know what
is happening to the children of Yemen
and I will speak about children in other
heart points and and by the way if we're
speaking about children of Syria Syria
let's Russian Federation is taking them
for providing medical assistance
providing humanitarian assistance both
inside Syria sending it there and to
those children who come to this country
we are thinking about children that and
we actually show that and what's the
most important thing let's not work with
consequences the most important things
that we were speaking about that before
this very hell began which is still
ongoing in certain regions of Syria so
in the most modern modest assessment in
three years of conflicts not less than
nine thousand people died if they're in
Yemen fifty thousand were wounded huge
damage was done to civil infrastructure
schools hospitals and others
infrastructure were demolished
very bad situations with hygiene many
people are dying just because of they
have no access to the regular regular
medication which can't be cured some
people do not have salaries for over one
and a half years the situation has
become a bit better after the Saudi
Arabia stop blocking seaports of Yemen
still airports and is still closed for
civil aviation and participants of the
conflicts are trying to block
humanitarian convoys it's not a should
also stress attention that number of
delegations in the UN is demonstrating
hyperactivity on Syria's
axiom alledgedly as they say on
humanitarian basis they actually show
quite modestly in practical activities
were convinced that Yemen conflict has
no military way out we need to look for
a peaceful process without preconditions
these sides have to be brought back to
the negotiation table and mr. Griffis
was responsible for that but we should
member success in that and we think he
is capable to do the necessary outcomes
of the work performed by his
predecessors many questions were about
situation with Russian foreign entities
and objects in the temperature of
Ukraine after the outrage of radicals
and use you have seen all the pictures
so we are quite worried about further
radicalization of the situation and in
this country on the 17th and 18th of
February I would like to remind you the
nationalist rusev phobic nationalists
absolutely with silent consent of
Ukrainian law enforcement forces
attacked Russian office missions of raza
to initiate center of science banks and
offices I don't want to take to my too
much emphasis on that we've already
commented and on that on the 19th of
February we request the Ukrainian sights
you block it and to create conditions
for safe operation of Russian offices
there but it was never reacted
positively in IDs our general consulate
was attacked on 27th of February three
dozens of activists threw smoke bombs
there they threw paint on the fence they
were shouting offenses so I was the
Russian Federation and without no
obstacles about fifty representatives of
for law enforcement of forces of Ukraine
were just watching that
reactions and canonic the actions of
this of these people and inaction of
those who are aimed is what destined to
prevent it just proved that it was
provoked inspirated and the course of
nationalist is going on
I have already spoke about speech of mr.
Bush in Kiev who warned the population
and the people of the Ukraine from going
into the nationalism and in his
statement in his speech there are quite
important uh trances that great attract
the attention of the people that work
for a with Ukraine there is a passage
when he says that the nationalism is a
suicide the year 1991 almost I showed
that he had a vision that nationalism is
not just an negative trait but it is the
trait that can be quite usual for a
certain folk for certain people each
ethnicity nation each country has its
peculiarities however in 1991 President
Bush said his country wouldn't support
such as suicide nationalism and attempts
of the people that regards people living
in Ukraine and add the territory of
Ukraine and thus not only Russian
foreign missions have been cost come to
in February twice attacks were conducted
against the infrastructure side of the
society of a Hungarian culture in the
capital there is no doubt that the
employers saw the reaction on solid and
firm stones that hungry has in defending
the interests and rights of national
minorities in Ukraine
official here immediately
I tried to shoot the blame to the
Russian side speaking about some alleged
fantasized Russian trace in this case
fine but our foreign missions who has
attacked them
Moscow perhaps so right now we call on
all the parties to finally provide an
adequate assessment of the situation in
Ukraine and to condemn the outrage to
require that Kiev observes they
generally universally recognized
international norms in order to ensure
security of the operational foreign
mission sites as well as conduct at the
necessary investigation well of course
we call on the international structures
almost each time the international board
is - as well as organizations that a
worker with human rights protection but
still we do not have too much hope to
hobb about that because till the present
moment those that were engaged in the in
a Ukrainian settlement have not provided
their assessment of the so-called
reintegration law however there were a
lot of requests to do that not no
assessment about that yet and that's
important to the Ukrainian side right
now is being called to fulfill their
obligations for example in Moscow the
cultural center of Ukraine at the Albert
Street can in can use all the best
practices and work calmly
there is no hindrances that are caused
to its activities Russia operates in
full compliance or with the agreements
reached on the 27th of February 1998
still the Iranian side still is ranking
high amount and use makers reach in all
the first position their oldest and
sometimes even absurd manifestations and
statements of the political leaders the
manifestations of radicalism
are registered almost deadly however
Kiev is strengthened for perhaps
perfection and right now they have
already allowed themselves to interfere
with the inner affairs of foreign States
I mean the note that the Foreign
Minister of Ukraine sent to us on the
21st of February regarding the
presidential elections in the Russian
Federation on the 18th of March 2018
this note this document if we could call
it a document has triggered under the
sense of frustration among us for the
Ukrainian side has tried to almost
impose on us the rules over conducting
elections and on the creating polling
stations within the territory of the
Russian embassies and the general
consulates in a Desilu even karakov that
are subject to the diplomatic immunity
by the way I'd like to remind you that
Russia is of a sovereign state and in
compliance with the Constitution it
itself defines other order presidential
elections including of course the
Republic of Crimea and the federal City
of Sevastopol that have become a part of
the Russian Federation through the
implementation of the people's right for
self-determination that is envisaged
within article 1 of the UN Charter they
packed on international and political
rights as well as on economic social and
cultural rights we will never stop
repeating the decision of the people of
the Crimea is final and conclusive the
status of the Republic of Crimea as an
entity within the Russian Federation is
envisaged within the Constitution of the
country and also we hope that the
international and bilateral obligations
will be observed including the Vienna
Convention on the diplomatic relations
1961 the Vienna Convention on consular
relations 1963 controller conventions
between Russia and Ukraine and all the
necessary measures will be undertaken to
ensure security over Russian foreign
missions in Ukraine as well as the
security and safety of the Russian
citizens that are dwell on the territory
of Ukraine during the elections to be
ensured I cannot speak
about the dramatic developments always
the media in Ukraine the work of the
media has been blocked they are
suffering under pressure sometimes even
under physical harassment during the
investigations of such cases including
the murders of journalists we see
negligence of the law-enforcement
agencies of Ukraine that once again
proves that these are inspired by the
official Kiev
according to the assessments made by the
National Union of Journalists of Ukraine
on the during the period of the
so-called hero Maidan in Kiev there were
271 cases of attacks on the journalists
that are left unattended already after
the state cool systematically there
journalists are then Harris arrested and
deported when we say the trash incites
objects in Ukraine have been attacked we
often receive an answer that these is
the case of the relationships with
Ukraine however what is the relation of
Ukraine to its own citizens to its own
media it is can it be justified by the
same utterances no the result is that
the media employees of the country have
to flee it's rather strange what we'll
use are made a cornerstone of Ukrainians
policy as we see it appears that the
investigation doesn't take place at
least we do not know about that and the
Ukrainian law enforcement agencies do
nothin but perform due to the state's
will there is pressure exerted upon the
media the latest example the 18th of
February the law enforcement employees
came into the vesti studio and the
pretext was the argument between the
market participants and actors however
the work was blocked thus it is an
example of a total legal negligence
I want we already have spoken about the
discriminatory character of the
activities we were told these is the
affair between US and Ukraine however we
have a good example was the case within
the borders of Ukraine and that's not
exactly the issue of our relationships
with your friends it's an
all-encompassing trend and it is has
already become sustainable
once again I call on the international
community to express their stance
towards the situation as well as we I
would like that the leadership of the
country support in the euromaidan could
also provide the assessment of the
current developments at the country
unfortunately right now I can speak
further about very similar topics not at
the same kind of relations and treatment
but still true problems that we see in
Moldova especially around this criminal
law on combating foreign propaganda we
have provided numerous comments about
that they have called on the dear
international structures and
organizations engaged in human right
defense called for an assessment of
experts however we have not received any
Jew response there is some response but
not of the necessary scope the heads of
the diplomatic missions of the US and
the EU to Moldova have already made
statements about that but still the
campaign in Moldova is being beefed up
on the 26th of February of for
broadcasting the news first shown on the
Russian one Rossio identify channel the
TV Gao Guzzi was fined by the Moldovian
leadership and if they continue in the
same way they are threatened to be fined
again and even to be stripped of a
license thus we can see in what way
European country that strives to become
an F through fledged member of the
European families slices down to tell a
tear and practices of control and exerts
direct pressure on unfavorable media we
also express a protest to and democratic
activities that target harm in the
freedom of speech this doesn't comply
with the best practices of the European
Union that is at the same time insisted
that the legal framework of Moldova has
been adapted to the repeatin Convention
on trans-border TV broadcasting has the
EU heard about that I want
besides very often we see in compliances
with the assessments of bilateral
relationships within the u.s. senior
officials thus recently there was a
number of statements made on the issues
of development of the Russian US ties
thus on the 28th of February the
official representatives of the State
Department mr. newirth said that there
is no believe that the US and Russia can
go further in improving their
relationships at the same time the US
ambassador in cost runs with his
colleague miss now had said that he
optimistically used the year 2018 I
quote will it is likely that we'll end
the year on a high note then we began
the year thus according to him it could
help us find a solution to a number of
problems the Ambassador also stated want
to do that step by step without
backtracking in the business and in
vestments field and improve contacts
between people
this is a great disco here isn't there
and it is subject to concerns the see
two versions are possible in the u.s. in
this case either the US has a two
approaches to the development of the
Russian US the relationships one that is
adapted to the inner consume of the US
thus in the opinion of a number of the
US citizens the image of Russia is a
constant list landed and demonized the
same information is sourced to the
journalists that provide the light in
all this topic within the US on the
other hand there is yet another version
the one that was stated by mr. Huntsman
this is a version for the Russian people
perhaps they want to show them that the
US does everything in its ability is it
to develop the the relationships between
the two countries but someone doesn't
let them do that you see and these are
the quotes of two official senior
officers of a state and the difference
is a couple of hours perhaps thus we
have a discord sweeping from improving
the relationships to the believes that
these perspectives are impossible quite
a discord I believe and the yet another
point to do with the u.s. is the
following
I very well understand that sometimes in
order to get rid of some negative trends
and characteristics of the societies
development one needs a dozens of years
in order to free oneself from the
segregation of the u.s. one needs a bit
more time perhaps but still I'd like to
underline that if the Department of
State wants again dares to call our
journalists that are present at the
briefing the journalists
from Russia and on that basis to sever
any contacts with them then I will carry
out what we have promised we'll make
special places for the so-called
journalists from the u.s. such behavior
is unacceptable
if earlier in just a few dozens of years
ago in a one bus in the u.s. people
avails different skin color were not
allowed then a one should work with
himself and not come back to these
corrupt practices at this time
differentiating between journalists on
the basis of state and nationality these
are the people that are conducting their
work of course they have nationality of
course they have come from the Russian
Federation but you have no right to deny
them the access to the information on
the basis of their citizenship if you do
it once again then we will make the
places for the journalists from the US
this will be the places in the
ministries special center during
briefings and conferences special places
so that your journalists this time could
feel or what's like and I am especially
grateful to the US journalists that have
defended the right of their Russian
colleagues to for the access of
information and equal treatment well by
the way we are regularly asked about
their systemic or what we mean when we
say about the symptomatic interference
of the US and to their elections and the
foreign States we make example who will
make examples but the best sample is the
book of the Secretary of State the ex
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton not
the latest one that is called what's
happened but the previous one as a
result of her activities at the
Secretary of State
it is a thick book and they are on each
page you can see how they interrupted
interfered into the elections in other
states and perhaps even twice or
three times per page you see how they
manipulated the processes what they did
to support these or that regimes which
they favorite or not everything is
written on paper it's free with a sold
in the book shops and that's one more
point yesterday we also had quite a
number of questions from the journalists
of the Parliament and I even received a
call from the foreign journalists the
question was as follows how would you
comment the information in the media on
the alleged presence in the Russian
governing bodies of the plants that
Russia could possibly denounce the
European Convention on Human Rights and
thus the exit of Russia from the Urals
diction of the European human rights
quote several comments in the media have
already emerged I can say neither that
this information is true or more that it
is false still I can tell you that the
relationships of Russia and they you
include in sport is stuck in the crisis
unfortunately Russia has no possibility
to take part in the sessions of the
European Council starting with the
beginning when our delegation was
limited in its powers
besides however stripped of the
possibility of providing our citizens
always they the judges within this
council or we believe that such
activities influence their legitimacy of
the decisions while the Russian stance
has not been taken into consideration we
regularly inform our partners within the
Council of Europe about our concerns
regarding
the others and selective interpretation
of the law framework by the European
Court on human rights about the
subsidiary role of the court or what the
developments are an example of double
standards application that has
repeatedly been stated by the Russian
Federation at the meeting of the
European ministers but us we hope still
that the improvement of the
relationships the improvement of
understanding or will help us restore
our relationships and I'm ready to
answer your questions if you have any
yes please
assess the just amaze the information
from the State Department on javelin
supply to Ukraine I speaking about
armaments yes American systems I don't
know maybe they're supplying some kind
of many also something I made mad
medicine maybe some literature I know
and we are speaking again about
armaments that's the information from
the State Department and is it possible
to restore negotiations to normal format
in this context the questions which we
opposed before our American and European
colleagues representatives of all those
who discuss situation in Ukraine the
Russian said we are asked openly these
questions and publicly what does it lead
it leads you
whether it is calculated to analyze what
you want to achieve he's the most
complex the goal for second come sit in
the stop in the conflict nothing is said
about armored supply can settle the
situation there's graduate plan of
settlement which we should implement
step-by-step and in order to implement
it by the parties we have to contribute
and influence as it is possible which
countries have to the conflicting
parties and then nothing is said in
means it means complex about the weapon
supply
yesterday we had an information and in
the ministers and this website of the
minister of the ministry of foreign
affairs and all about the meeting of
Deputy Minister with closed Caspian five
there were some phone talks with the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Azerbaijan and Iran whether they are
connected with that summit the upcoming
summit and a bit more details I will
take it for a process and I think will
give extra information in the near
future on this event if it is possible I
can only say that of course with the
colleagues from Azerbaijan Iran caspia
is discussed regularly it's really
topical and relevant the thing for our
countries exist if enough speaking I
mean there's a new president who will
come into force and 9th of April how
Russia is planning to develop relations
with them I think that's the
responsibility of administration of
President to make such kind of
announcements our relations with Armenia
have both historical character and their
vector is that him described in volatile
bilateral document I think it will
develop in the manner as it was defined
by the bilateral agreement and during
many numerous meeting summits and
negotiations and talks driving primarily
from the principle of from the
principles of well-being and mutual
interest and beneficial as if the two
peoples of the two countries do you
think is reasonable to returns to pankot
two or four negotiations in Karabakh
Russia in our position on Karabakh
settlement is well-known and it has
never been changed it is expressed in
the special documents on the website of
the ministry if you have any if there is
any developments in this in this
segments will definitely inform you
English English what you're putting
yesterday's speech so it's old that the
appearance of missiles which appeared he
was speaking that probably somebody
thinks it's a bluff seventeen days prior
to elections and maybe somebody does not
trust this information I think that
maybe many would like it to be a bluff
I don't argue that but the word Bluff
was said by legitimate Putin just
because because of what I have just said
do you think does the international
community has a chance to make sure in
the truly existence of this missiles and
this equipment you know I I would like
to see it once more that the comments
and official comments and the messages
from the president is their
responsibility once more like to say
simply responded a prerogative of
certainly certain Russian structures
it's not about like comments but
performing an implementation of what was
appointed by the President of the
Russian Federation that's written in in
our documents like Constitution
as for making sure or not making sure
I'd like to I'd like to ask it's not a
rhetoric question it's quite a pragmatic
question and does has ever Russia
refused military cooperation exchange of
information just pay attention to the
number of events with diplomatic
communities is performed with the
Ministry of Defence there is a special
Center for foreign delegations when
military attache is coming where there
are events for the mass media and I
think that that openness and wish of
joint work of cooperation which we
demonstrate in our Mills mo D is
unprecedented unprecedented for the
whole world and in presidential for
Russia does now hiding we can't say we
in 20th century showed any kind of open
as we can say that but the times are
changing and openness and cooperation
become and have become like a priority
occas hours feature and such things like
defense and military complex if there is
any interest if there are questions the
Russian side is always open to answer
them just of open the website of them
emoji just look at the number of the
events with participation foreign
specialists experts and observers are
held by them and there is also one more
one more issue is not about your quite
about your question it was quite a
straightforward question but I would
like to pay here to pay a special
attention about what we have spoken
about many times all the problems which
we work for forecasts and and analyzed
on problems of international stability
and security
we always propose to
all the issues together anti-missile
defense as well a few years ago here not
far away from the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs it was not just but by
initiative but fully organized by the
Russian sect we had a huge conference
maybe some of you have been part of it I
think those veterans from Latin America
remember this conference on anti-missile
defense was a vast event when one rather
the Russian side was inviting in the
West and partners the US and other
countries for a very for very open
negotiations as for the infographics and
for everything we had our idea on who
showed our idea how we can arrange world
security without dividing the world in
comfortable and non comfortable safe and
unsafe areas and not trying to make
security speciality of certain regions
so after all the political political
statements to all conceptual documents
that was a practical invitation
invitation to a specific work remind me
it was like four or five years ago in
Moscow after that we received no reply
no response which would have somehow
implemented into some practical things
only increasing of number of elements in
our borders only boosting of aggressive
rhetorics acceptance of even do mere
concepts on armaments and some kind of
restricting aggressor besides that
aggressor is considered to be always
Russia previously to a sound car somehow
camouflaged but recently in recent years
recent decades it is spoken and written
openly we have never closed the doors
for cooperation in all dimensions
we kept inviting my initiative from
outside we tried not only to initiate
but to start it actually and like
initiative we just remember the mimic
speech of the President of Russia a lot
is said there has been said there a lot
was described of what the Russian side
was foreseen many things which the
international community actually had to
think about it
recall his speech in the General
Assembly in the President of Russia in
2015 wasn't it an invitation to the
dialogue a very specific topic which
presupposes collective activities
actually if we're speaking well for
example like the missile defense is a
topic where cooperating with Russia
Russia is not pragmatic or non
profitable or something the corporation
when counterterrorism cannot be called
unprofitable it is profitable and
beneficial for everyone for politicians
and for the for for common people
remember remember that recall that I
want to say once more we will be open
forever and always it's the concept of
modern Russia incorporation various
spheres there was one more as for the
term extension which is built in Hungary
by the Russian side it was promised by a
Hungarian government it will be the
practical work will be launched in
January or February and by an official
channel with information that what even
Putin can possibly visit Hungary to this
because of that is there any information
about that because we have a feeling
there is a delay in practical work I can
only specify from I express and answer
probably will answer even today
till question two questions yesterday
prashanta spoke about the depths of
Russia before Ukraine and in gas what
what are the depths he's talking about I
don't know I have to we have to ask
Ukrainian side unfortunately we have the
experience of cooperation with Ukraine
on gas issues it has always been
complicated and it has always been
complicated not by Russian fault I think
you know the history there is no
specifying that this time from us issues
issues specified in Kiev now the second
issue about yesterday's message Vladimir
Putin the Americans immediately reacted
Putin was violating international law
and military strategic what happens I
cannot immediate comment from the State
Department was followed by immediate
comment on Russian ambassador mr.
Antonov in the u.s. it is in our
resources you can read it a very very
specific expert commentary not emotional
how would you comment on the situation
with the refusal of the US or
participated support in Russian American
expert consultation on the issues of
security
speaking male and diplomatically strange
speaking about how the things really are
once more like like a come in out of the
frames of any kind of like delicacies
and politeness I didn't know there were
agreements that was I'm doing that we
regularly hear besides that from various
American politics senators congressmen
some new new information about some kind
of Russian cyber interference and
influence which would be better and then
discussing and formatting discussing it
in that format Russian Tsar was not only
ready to do that but was doing
everything for these consultations to be
held constructively in the last moment
despite of the agreements which were in
place in Americans who had to
participate who proved their
participation or commanded not to
participate it was the biggest surprise
for them actually that's how things are
going now actually in this phase we were
not we didn't want to comment on that
but if you asked here you can you can
know how to how things are actually
that's information for your
consideration about the reality and in
fact groundless situation but in some
cyber threats from Russia when you
suggest to discuss specifically
everything ever any any issues which are
of interest for Americans and the expert
level and there is a certain desire from
the expert level but that was a
political signal which actually these
experts were forced to refuse from their
consultations which were not only
planned but they were approved
who approved the agenda was proved the
format like specific details very
specific detail still there was a
political signal who was the initial the
initiator of the signal and why the
signal appeared and what kind of signal
was this better to ask the American side
about that I have a question about
smugglin no drugs from Argentina
Commission today stated that Ali Adana
former were a worker of the employer
that undercover chuck was arrested in
Germany that this channel was working
from 2013 how would you comment on that
I will come in to I will comment on that
by one circuit or a junior by one
sensational information I would say we
should know not every media received
probably but there is investigation
experts operating and experts experts
this experts have been apprised of one
more sensational information for one and
a half years closely working together
with Argentine side argentinian side
certain steps were taken certain arrests
were done but the investigation is still
going on and everything was necessary to
be done what was required from the
Russian side I'd like to recall that
this was a Russian site to suggest as
you see in site generally to start
cooperation in this case primarily the
Russian side was interested in the
efficiency of that special operation
which was successfully conducted it was
approved by the two sides because it
always found in the territory of the
complex belonging to the Russian embassy
how to say once more the investigation
is in place they'll be unfortunately a
huge number of unproven information now
there is a new wave of disapproving
disapproval muscosa come Somalis has
made disapproving of it's an information
that the suspect on Interpol were like
Kasich was working in the Russian
embassy the employee of the Russian
embassy I read million of versions he
was either diplomat or he was from the
security department of Ministry of
Foreign Affairs or technical expert of
embassy or technical expert of a few
Russian embassies it was it's so like
it's online it's so fake now I have the
uncompromising of this information and
we're really given this examples
unfortunately that's a problem in four
states mass media of the Russian
Federation will steadily and provide the
information which we see we will we will
make necessary publications and we will
deny this information by the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs but all the techniques
all the technical parameters all those
who are convicted who are arrested this
are the issues of the of the
investigation which is now employs one
more question a gteen in customer says
that it was Russian Russian aircraft but
I see a special aircraft and I have the
information that this is a fake
information that's ministry with pista
ministry plan to show real real aircraft
I say once more that's a question these
are the issues of investigations and as
for technical information I think you
should address them we had an official
comment by the
president's office and for unfortunately
not all of them were closed it
we gave the comments as well not all of
them of course I think we should we
should derive from the information we
should based on the information of those
state bodies against which the risk such
information that I'd like to say once
more I was a comment of the Minister
foreign affairs it was done by FSB the
investigation is in place all the
details which could have been given and
the interests of investigation would
have already provided all the details
around 780 interviews of our ambassador
who has been commenting very very
rapidly in his competence and what it
can be commented on he was commenting
that
so let's buy based on that an interview
of the ambassador and coming to the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs all all that
both for the foreign audience and for
Russian audience we all depict this
place in our website not information
resources mr. Casas agency we saw the
plenipotentiary ambassador all mr.
Okinawa was freed from his service and
still there is no leader of the Russian
embassy in Azerbaijan yet is there any
information about that I know this is
the information that you can get from
the President of the Russian Federation
and old honest or executive orders have
been published at his side that his
priority to the full scope but I can say
that our relations with Azerbaijan are
being developed the work has been
conducted further our embassy works in
Baku the contacts in Moscow is our
Azerbaijani colleagues are been
Montaigne thus it is quite a natural
process the rotation of an ambassador
there can be different conditions but
still in no case it will influence our
relations and conduct with the
colleagues from Azerbaijan yes please
Cameron gusano very glad rod TV channel
unlike the US media that yesterday were
full of the titles about Putin
superpower the Germany has devoted his
whole day to the hacking attacks on
different ministries including them
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Russian
hack has been accused of their attacks
we have repeated the scenes such
situations in the US where they tried to
explain their loss of the Democrats in
Spain we saw some similar situation and
do you know that later almost all I
don't know whether absolutely all but
still their official stance or verse you
know was that all that statements were
denounced they said that oh one mess
understood them that it was not the case
they were driving it but everything is
absolutely clear they needed some facts
improve some arguments for the inner
developments in the country and then
they backtracked here is the price the
legitimacy the worthiness of such fake
statements and the responsibility for
them when they needed them when there
were no political resources to solve the
inner situation they resorted to such
statements but then when they have
discredited themselves in fact they
started to say they were misunderstood
and my question is if in the u.s. they
try to legitimate at drums to explain
from victory in this case then in Spain
we have the separatism of Catalonia what
the case of Germany then I don't know
frankly speaking one should ask the
experts specialized on German is the
politologists
but you see what the situation in the
country is like it's developing very
proactively perhaps these developments
are interconnected
they are quite often commented you can
have a look at that that's just
my ideas they're done off rush today TV
channel in the major part over your
today's each you said about the
contribution of Russia to open in the
humanitarian corridors in Syria but
almost yesterday a representative of the
Department of State of the US criticized
this idea she said it is just funny
peculiar because the civilians never
uses cora days but how can she knew
according to information they didn't use
this quarters because they were afraid
that the Syrian government and acid or
could punish them I'd like to say that
when one says about such issues one
should at least have an idea what's
going on side speaking about the
efficiency of the humanitarian corridors
and their capacity that we are organized
by the Russian side I made a very
concrete examples even today this
corridor so secured insured and
organized impeccably taken into
consideration all the difficulties and
challenge you that is human tear and aid
medicare support psychological
supportive their provision for resources
and the provision of safety it all was
demonstrated among other things you the
special web cameras that were accessible
as the Minister of Defense side this is
the experience the Russian side has in
this case
speaking about inefficiency well I
believe that it's necessary to common
the efficiency issue in the context of
the zone of responsibility of the US I
have made an example of Raqqa for
example I'd like to hear the US
assessment how do they assess the
efficiency of the operation in Raqqa is
everything in order they're in a leper
to
Hans hundred thousand people have come
back these are not suppositions these
are official numbers there is even video
about that here your channel for example
possesses such videos I do know about
that when foreign delegations come to us
they speak that they see the interviews
and stories made by the Russia today and
they can come here they storage to those
told by the foreign media that seem to
keep silent that there is peaceful life
in the regions where counterterrorism
operations under the aegis of Russia was
held
that's exactly by the way there go
perhaps but there is nothing like that
here that's why that's the case why the
representative of the Department of
State doesn't know that the people are
coming back to the fridge cities and
towns that Lao life gives back to normal
that they were positive and efficient
examples perhaps she just watches CNN
exclusively and Fox News - well no she
hardly watches CNN
justplease Eurasia daily during the
latest visit to say bare of minister
Lavrov he has one again repeated that
Russia impose its is the choice of
friends - no one including sohba on the
other hand the european community
creates some very special conditions for
serbia to make their access to this
organization possible including the
introduction of sanctions against russia
joining the sanctions of the EU i mean
is it possible and to which extent ever
tease the measures imposed on Syria from
the URI also there by the Eurasian
community influence the character of
their Russian terrible relations I was
there when there is was a conference of
the minister with the college from
Serbia and during one of such conference
a very solid a very detailed conditions
mr. Rajesh said in fact he expressed his
stance his personal stance in his
position regarding the pressure that is
applied to his country on introducing
the anti-russian sanctions I believe
where he gave quite a direct and clear
answer please have a look at his word
about his stance on introducing
anti-russian sanctions thus I believe
you should proceed from it and the fact
that we have never made any country
including cerbère answers a question
either with us or against us no we've
never done that we never said that we
will not communicate without that are
not our full supporters we never said
that
on the contrary we under lied that it is
a very harmful and corrupt concept
unfortunately there is quite a handful
quite a number of countries in which
this concept implemented by our Eurasian
European partners has borne the fruit
and this fruit was better I believe that
the experience would be taken into
consideration and this concept will not
be applied by our Western colleagues no
longer I hope that so bad can in a quite
common eyes duay develop relations with
any countries in the world with every
corner of the globe
I believe there is no controversy here
yes please yeah
German bottle of the federal news agency
yesterday Vladimir Putin said that any
application of the nuclear weapons
against Russia and its allies will be
considered as a nuclear attack and the
response will be immediate could you
please now avoid some concrete list of
the Russian allies so our Western
partners could take into consideration
yes we can but we will not do that
it's not necessary because all our
doctrines
the Foreign Affairs doctrine the
security and protection doctrine they
are quite public and enough commentaries
have been provided about them I believe
there is absolutely no necessity to
speak further about that or to go into
details over the part of the address
you've quoted everything is very clear
here they're in almost level of pressure
our country has experienced among other
things in the recent years the
reluctance of cooperation on sensitive
issues that had to demand other points
always the national and regional and
global security they've left no chances
to our country not to implement this
measure I have spoken about this much
today I have repeatedly stated we do not
believe it to be necessary to
differentiate between securities we
believe it is important to work together
on global United security with the
Europeans and maintain dialogue with
other regions of the world not only
always Iowa sure neighbors still I also
had to make many examples today about
the fact that we were not heard our
calls were not heard and that was what
was also mentioned in the address
yesterday yes please boo still got
agency had could you please repeat post
Elga what does that mean I have never
seen you before now so perhaps you could
say a few words about you like at school
we work on the revival of the journal
the life of Nash Delta one of the elders
journals magazines and Russia and could
you provide us with this magazine just
to have a look at I yes of course oh
thank you very much at the very
beginning of the mating you said and the
word you come from I am from Moscow so
they not because lean the journalist in
Moscow
very good
and the very beginning is said that here
in the forthcoming meeting the visit of
minister lavrov at his plant that he'll
discuss with his foreign colleagues a
number of issues that have to do with
the reform so within the UN Security
Council
now that mean that this reform has
become our most pressing that it's a
little too clear and Russia has changed
its stance on this issue no no you came
here for the first time today that's the
topic on the discussions on the possible
Reformation of the UN Security Council
enjoys quite a remarkable place in the
negotiations where is a number of
foreign partners more or other visits to
the countries I've enumerated are quite
rare they are not conducted each year
you see that the region in which now we
just as a delegation of the minister and
the minister himself or he visit this
region regularly but not to the same
extent often as Europe for example
thus it is expected that he discusses
the whole range of issues with this
countries and including the one that
without a doubt influences their African
states and one of such issues is or the
possible information of the UN Security
Council once again I'd like to underline
that this is the topic that is discussed
constantly with a number of states and
the usual at the level of the ministries
speaking about the concept of our
approach I can say that recently the
work has been especially intensive we
within the headquarters or something
like that but still we have sort of sure
enough attention is given to this work
there are discussions on the lateral
type of the multilateral type a number
of events of the scientific and research
kind within their organization itself I
concerned you the information we have on
the Russian approach to this issue
official position minister lavrov during
major interviews often pays attention to
this issue I know it for sure working
for a long period as a representative of
Russia at the UN the Minister is well
versed in this point yes and one more
question please speaking about the
economic wars that have started again
but still are somewhat postponed
I mean the situation with the Belarus
the shipments of milk and the issue and
the consideration of the issue has been
shifted for the 6th of March while
speaking about the war was always
Belarus I've never heard about that in
any fields he'll specify all consult
with the experts by no means you can
call it a war although there is a number
of issues if there are some issues we so
try to solve them today by the way I got
acquainted always there and boy the lady
that will work and represent Belarus
well you know we didn't mention anything
like that and I didn't get any metaphors
of the kind from her does sell specify
what you are driving at or the issue is
if we have any questions of the kind we
always solve them constructively with
the colleagues from Belarus you see
yesterday president Lukashenko said
there would be some harsh response for
the possible problems in this field and
I'll get some more information than from
you of course are there any more
questions yes please mr. Carver Estonia
TV I once again wanted to ask you about
cocaine but the point that you can
provide comments about it has repeatedly
been said that those who say that this
drug or was it to be transported within
the diplomatic post have no idea how the
diplomatic post has been
a packet and made so could you please
explain us what's the kind of procedure
who takes the decision whether these or
this luggage can be sent by diplomatic
poll boost if that's a for example some
usual items is it possible that some
bags are transported or within the
diplomatic post is it possible for
diplomats for some technical workers
well I can say you that there is no kind
of no trace of sensation in this
information because the comment that we
provided from the very beginning of that
the information was published in the
media of Argentina - it was clearly
stated there that the diplomatic post is
being made by always the agreement of
the leadership of the embassy of the
foreign mission and it cannot be formed
without the Thera control it was so what
do you mean can some personal items or
an employee be sent there over technical
and play perhaps why then I shall anyone
leave that 12 baggage items in the
basement if they will be not checked and
yes that's exactly what he was speaking
about what was said that this is
diplomatic post it was said no it's not
true to reality it's not the case it's
either the information that was fixed or
it was a misinterpretation perhaps still
it is the priority of the investigation
and trial to decide there was some wish
who presented as the diplomatic post but
it wasn't today answering the question
during the interview - Sergei Dorian
come I make quite a usual example if you
come to a shop and ask for their
labelled bag then you put something into
this bag and then you'll pretend that it
is exactly the goods bought in that very
short then it is just the same case by
us perhaps someone tried to make it look
like the diplomatic post but still even
this is for the trial to decide whether
it was really diplomatic post no once
again I reiterate now it wasn't it was
said from the very beginning and in our
written commentary - by the way I'll
consider as a topic I'll consult my
colleagues I believe we've spoken about
that here we have some material some
information about the people that deal
with a diplomatic post I believe we
should renew this information place it
on the website of the Ministry once
again I'd like to say that's not an
attempt to no attempt to eBay dances
it's just the case that the trials been
conducted and that's why we are limited
in our powers here I did not want to
hide anything I didn't know about the
special operation I learned about that
from my colleagues and the information
that is given to us is also to be
considered from the point of view of the
trial today I am going to have quite an
unusual end of the conference and
nothing good about that I want you in
advance on the 22nd of February during
the video process of the mr. Strachey
meeting time program at the interval
there was an incident
the situation in Ukraine was discussed
in Donbass in particular and for the
statement made by the politician
politologists an expert from Germany or
who said that Ukraine Ian's troops shell
and suit at the peaceful civilians the
Ukrainian experts was outraged and
required proof and furthermore after
that they spoke about children and
repeatedly from the side of the
Ukrainian expert it was said that proof
would be provided that children are
suffering he said it wasn't the case he
believed there were no materials proved
in this topic that's once again I'd like
to underline the program finished in a
very peculiar way and I believe the
journalist experts and Polito lodgest
should and she'll protect they are
stance in words without using physical
power but that's not the case why did I
mention that specifically mmm
just you say we couldn't meet this
information among other things because
we got a lot of letters and phone calls
from people among them the people in
Donbass that were outraged by the fact
that allergic no one knows about their
tragedian that this villains are
suffering the children are among them
our especially especially for the
Ukrainian expert who took part in that
program and who didn't see the results
of the strikes delivered at Naples
villains of Dumbo's we prepared the
video materials the test material always
the photographs of our children who
suffered over even killed because of the
attacks conducted by the military forces
of Ukraine when we got these photos I'd
like to say we didn't look in the
internet for them we got them directly
from the people that live in Donbass
even quite experienced employees of the
department of information and press said
that it's too much for them to see these
photographs thus we will not show you
everything that is really often really
terrifying but one shall know about that
one should be reminded about that thus
today the screens will show you when I
leave a few photographs and we'll make a
special section in the social networks
where we will provide information for
those who do not know or do not remember
or what's happening to the children in
Donbass make this photographs public
excuse me for such an untraditional end
to the session but we couldn't help we
could only show that
