hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kazi
report lots going on let's get right to
this
max I want to talk about billionaires
we're gonna talk about Warren Buffett
he's America's favorite billionaire he's
the little sweet ukulele playing
billionaire but before I get to him I
wanted to talk about another billionaire
in history the guy was worth four
hundred and fifteen billion according to
visual capitalists they did a chart of
the richest people in history and this
guy's name was Musa Monza he was you
know an African King of the whole Ghana
section Mali area present-day and at
that time that part of the world
controlled the entirety like most of the
world's gold trade so this guy had a lot
of gold so I want to look at actually
how good intentions could go horribly
wrong and how money can possibly cause
devastation because he went on
pilgrimage to Mecca and so traveling
from Africa through Cairo down through
Medina and to Mecca and this is what
happened along the way which I found
very fascinating stolen Wikipedia Moosa
made his pilgrimage between 13 24 and
1325 his procession reportedly included
60,000 men including 12,000 slaves who
each carried four pounds of gold bars
and heralds dressed in silk who bore
gold staffs organized horses and handled
bags he also had these animals that
included camels which carried 23 to 136
kilos or 50 to 300 pounds of gold dust
he gave the gold to the poor he met
along his route Musa not only gave to
the cities he passed on the way to Mecca
including Cairo and Medina but also
traded gold for souvenirs and this
journey by the way is like widely
documented all sorts of contemporary
accounts of it along the way as he was
traveling so it's well documented it's
it's known to be not just a Wikipedia
entry
Moose's generous actions however
inadvertently devastated the economies
of the regions through which he passed
in the cities of Cairo Medina and Mecca
the sudden influx of gold devalued the
metal for the next
cade prices on goods and wear is greatly
inflated to rectify the gold market on
his way back from Mecca Moosa borrowed
all the gold he could carry from
moneylenders in Cairo at high interest
this is the only time recorded in
history that one man directly controlled
the price of gold and the Mediterranean
so very fascinating as people are
celebrating all these huge
infrastructure deals whether it's the
New Silk Road or the infrastructure plan
that Trump is allegedly proposing right
so the you know spreading around of all
this money cause a lot of inflation that
caused a lot of problems and then he had
to weigh back and unwind all that
somehow by normalizing the economies on
his way back and it's a great story I
had no idea that the richest man ever in
the history was this African no he was
not the richest guy in the world he was
actually worth just four hundred and
fifteen billion there were several
people richer than him including the
richest man in the world ever was Julius
Caesar's son Augustus who's worth 2.2
trillion dollars but here we see the
impact of like Warren Buffett famously
walks into a room if he walked into this
room here there's a four or five of us
here we would be worth on average what
probably about five billion dollars each
right something along those lines yeah
so it's an interesting fascinating story
shows you that the even back then there
was a lot of interesting economic
vagaries that must be contemplated when
you have such incredible wealth I mean
talking about whether it's Warren
Buffett or Jeff Bezos or the
Rockefellers or any of these huge
fortunes that have come and gone they do
have these ripple effects on the economy
and you know they do many times engender
a reaction and then that becomes
political policy and then that shapes
the economy and shapes politics its
shapes of society it's shaping our
society right now is Donald Trump of
course and there's an infrastructure
plan this headline reads higher
inflation Trump tax-and-spend boom sends
investors looking for fed clues the
upturn and inflation is already nudging
us interest rates higher even before the
Federal Reserve's next meeting five
weeks from now the central bank is
expected to increase the cost of
borrowing in March to keep the economy
from overheating but
now investors wonder if the Fed will
raise rates four times in 2018 instead
of three as previously planned why
well what's complicated the feds job is
a massive shift in Washington support
for the economy first came the Trump tax
cuts and now Democrats the Republicans
in Congress have busted prior budget
casts with a deal to spend an extra 300
billion in the next two years
they're expecting this inflation to
ripple through the economy I know the
Fed has been trying for eight years to
cause some inflation and now it's going
to come rapidly remember Ben Bernanke
had said that they can control inflation
if it will never get out of control
because they'll just flip a switch and
will you know raise interest rates and
calm down inflation that's exactly right
so but Bernanke said that there's no
risk that there would be a spike in
inflation because they have the controls
and everything is under their control
they can flick a switch and they can
start to make the maneuvers necessary to
control inflation history tells us
that's not the case once the inflation
genies out of the bottle it tends to
feed on itself and become a big
inflationary problem and I believe that
at the moment we've had the period of
fake deflation engineered by all these
central banks and that they don't have
the control that they think that they
have and once you start to see this
being picked up in markets like the gold
market and others and you know you've
got to start to see it feed on itself in
a big way and you know this guy I'm Musa
Monza who travelled across Africa and
the Middle East and Saudi Arabia and
caused this hyperinflation where he went
how did he retract it it took 10 years
to retract it but he basically had to
buy all the gold back at very high
interest rate so in a way as we went
through deflation in 2007 8 & 9 the Fed
basically did the opposite of they were
well they were paying high interest rate
for all the bad debts they were paying
all these bankers to take all their
toxic debts and put it on their own
balance sheet so something similar will
have to happen well the numbers are huge
you mean the central banks took on
trillions and trillions of dollars of
horrible debt and so once that starts
unwind and once the dam is broken and
all that money starts to come into the
system you know I always look at the
money velocity number which
recently got to lowest it's ever been
but then six months ago starting to tick
up once the money velocity starts to
pick up and once that money starts to
come back in the economy you have an
inflation and combine that with wage
inflation and you have the makings of a
shift from economic power from Wall
Street to Main Street here's another
story about America's favorite well
certainly the media's favorite
billionaire the Democrats favorite
billionaire and that's Warren Buffett
and it's interesting you know we've been
covering this divide in the US and
remember Koch brothers are great
billionaires or they're super bad
billionaire villains George Soros is
either a villian villain or he's a great
humanitarian billionaire Warren Buffett
pretty much everybody agrees he's a
great guy except for when he comes up
with a so-called tax but is he a good
guy well according to the nation secret
behind Warren Buffett's billions
America's favorite investor loves
monopoly not free markets they use his
own words that he himself tells people I
only invest in basically monopolies if
they have monopoly pricing power that's
what I bet on and that's what I invest
in and this is what I go for and because
he's one of the most successful
billionaires of all time investors of
all time everybody mimics him thus
causing a positive feedback loop where
everybody also seeks out monopolies to
invest in and empower them so look at
Amazon share price why is Amazon soaring
why is Warren Buffett actually finally
going long a lot of these tech companies
where he famously didn't during the
dot-com boom it's because now a lot of
them have monopoly pricing power they
talk about the fact that for example he
always dissed Airlines he would never
invest in Airlines he said well he
started going long in 2016 he owns 10%
of some of these Airlines and the reason
why was that well the Obama
administration allowed the merger these
mega mergers so you now have just four
Airlines and they have huge profits it's
often reported how suddenly the airlines
have massive profits that's because
there are now they're no longer eight
but there are four right it's
anti-competitive so the way to grow an
economy is through competition if
there's somebody sitting on top of the
economy like Buffett with access time
limited cash to buy these monopoly
positions in monopoly companies that's
anti-competitive then it should be
busted up as such to create more jobs
and more wage growth but there it's not
happening so they're pushing the economy
to the edge of a different type of
precipice as we're saying with the
introduction potentially of a big
hyperinflationary burst that's going to
kill the bond market and then cause
everything to be reset anyway and then
Buffett will be long gone
having made as hundred billion dollars
but at the expense of a viable US
economy yeah so everybody says like he's
a great capitalist he's you know one of
the richest guys in America sometimes
he's richest sometimes Bill Gates is I'm
blah blah blah so here's an exact quote
from him the arch capitalists they say
the single most important decision in
evaluating a business is pricing power
if you've got the power to raise prices
without losing business to a competitor
you've got a very good business look
there's nothing wrong seeking out
businesses that are in good positions
and able to raise prices but there is
something wrong when you have a single
entity a private equity firm like
Berkshire Hathaway working with the
government to guarantee that he's
investing in sure things and monopoly
positions that are aided and abetted by
a corrupt government that's not free
market capitalism that's something else
that's feudalism again they look at some
of the data about how this ethos you
know when he was the first to invest in
monopoly pricing power and everybody's
followed him since then two-thirds of
all US industries were more concentrated
in 2012 than they were in 1997 the
economists found since the Reagan era
the federal government has abandoned
antitrust enforcement with markets for
products like eyeglasses toothpaste beef
and beer whittled down to a few
suppliers the consolidation has vastly
inflated corporate profits damaged
workers and consumers stunted economic
growth and supercharged economic
inequality supercharged
economic inequality the Democrats
favorite billionaire basically helped
facilitate this by leading by example
and we have Donald Trump we have
incompetent buffoons that run for
president non-stop because we have an
economy that has left most people like
with nothing to lose
right he's supercharged economic
inequality that's what his style has
done on a mega billion dollar scale and
the results are plain to see so
apparently a billionaire walks through
the room and the economies around them
get devastated whether its back hundreds
of years ago with mint mu samantha or
what Warren Buffett walks through your
town get ready for deflationary collapse
well said all right well fantastic I got
to take a break we'll be back right
after these important messages welcome
back to the cars report I'm Max Keiser
time now to return our conversations
Matt Taibbi writer extraordinaire
journalist all-around nice guy Matt
welcome back thanks max all right so
we've finished up our last conversation
talking about some cultural themes the
the zeitgeist as it were you know you
work over there Rolling Stone Rolling
Stone has always been a barometer of the
culture of the pop culture the rock
culture of the youth culture and that's
had like Huntress Thompson wrote for
Rolling Stone you write for Rolling
Stone work right PJ Brooke you're
well-positioned I think to to have a
good insight into this these social
changes and and moves and the way we
were talking about this there's two
movements out there one is the what I
would perceive as the reaction to the
shooting in Florida of a more of a
serious post general any a lot of
generation the Z I don't know if they
even have a name yet right yeah they
don't yet really come up with the term
yet they will right you should come up
with the time we're at the Millennials
right then there's post millennial so
there without a term right that could
come up with something maybe right now
we'll think of something but so this
generation I saw them a TV
and they are serious I mean their their
attitude is the NRA is trying to kill us
you know there were essentially
threatened here and so that's that
movement and then there's the me to
movement mmm okay that's also an
interesting movement but let's talk
about this post millennial movement this
is now it seems like a bookend to the
60s anti-war movement in a lot of ways
can you dig into that a little bit more
you know put your psyche Geist
exploration hat on what do you seek well
it's it's definitely brought back the
kind of an ironic left/right but the
difference is the 60s were it was peace
and love and and and there was this you
know explosion of kind of music and
there was a vibe to it that was a lot
lighter you say they brought back the
under on ik left
okay let's unpack that for a second so
the last time we had were left in
America was like Black Panthers right
yeah exactly that was left right
yeah and that was black guys with guns
right you know and there was a real
strong reaction to the SDS yeah exactly
okay and now and then we went into phase
of really right-wing kind of
middle-of-the-road conservativism and
the left even though people say
Hollywood is left and yet
ya know warranty USA Today ninety-four
percent of women in Hollywood get
sexually abused right so there are
predators in the liberal left of
Hollywood it's a predator state yeah
right and I would dispute the fact that
Hollywood is is really all that lefty I
mean if you look back at the the movies
from that era from the Reagan era
especially I mean they were incredibly
conservative right I mean there were
there was all kinds of message anyway so
the UH Nayana clef refers back to a
muscular you know left-wing that was it
really post Jim Crow I mean this was the
movement to restore justice to all
citizens in the United States and so now
we're so now you're saying possible
swing back to an on ironic
left and so the start could be dead the
ironic just called the Jerry Seinfeld
school of humor right this kind of maybe
dead right and we're going back and into
a new era and there's a dovetail into
this meet to movement or is that a
completely separate movement because you
had feminism in the 70s I really this is
question is free wide range and range
question yeah you have the feminism in
the 70s that kind of died in a lot of
ways in my view right and now that could
be coming back and having a more serious
approach to a more feminist movement so
as a feminism and and the more youth
what are they is all coming together now
what do you think I mean I think it's a
great question the the the bringing up
Seinfeld is actually really right on
because what was Seinfeld Seinfeld was a
show about nothing right that and that
was the supposedly the virtue of it was
that we turned it on and we and we twe
tuned out we didn't think about politics
and that was cool we the show didn't
have any themes that were dangerous
really just it was all just saini goofy
stuff today if you if you say to
somebody I'm gonna I'm gonna not think
about politics I'm gonna affirmatively
engage in an activity that takes me away
from thinking about what the world is
really all about don't they'll say
that's that's privileged right like the
only somebody who is not affected by the
politics has the luxury of engaging in a
show about nothing right and so
everything has to be about something and
this is this is this is kind of a
radical change in the way we think about
everything journalism humor culture it
all has to be sort of directed towards a
political end now and it's it's become
hard I mean I I notice it for for me
because you know what I what I do is so
different from that I mean I think part
of part of like the way I work is it's
based on trying to you know look at
things from a humorous and a little bit
reasonably reserve point of view but a
that's that's not really acceptable
right now humor without you know it's
sort of humor for its own sake is now
it's sort of discouraged in the pulpit
in the popular right there's a word you
slip in there it's a charge to work
privileged right so this is a hot word
right because white privilege is is the
topic and so what you're suggesting here
is that everything now but the idea of
being the Jerry Seinfeld ask type of
humor of non get engaged at all is only
available to the privileged to basically
are benefiting they are the Ron TA class
the the inheritors of this new
generation that's doing all the work
they have all the jobs they're
inheriting then what they perceive to be
a crazy president a crazy atomic weapon
armed world and they've inherited a
horrible situation and they don't want
to not to not anymore right they want to
be engaged they want to make because
their life is this an existential threat
so where do they have room to engage
weren't were they gonna take this or
their movement where are they gonna go
with it well they're going lots of
places with it I mean the me to movement
has obviously been taken off and has
gone lots of places and as has achieved
a lot already I think a lot of this
energy right now is being directed
towards domestic politics towards sort
of Alice ting Trump but there's but
there's a split there I mean if you if
you look in American youth culture and
follow kind of the debates that go on
online you know between you know there's
a there's a site Jacobin right which is
which is exactly the on ironic
left-right they are they are leftist
politics and they're they're seriously
earnest people but there's there's sort
of a split between people who actually
want to install like a quasi socialistic
new regime you know modeled after Corbin
or Bernie Sanders or something like that
and the sort of democratic party which
has appropriated a lot of language left
Corbin for a second because his
popularity is soaring right and he is a
freaking you know later thirty years ago
like Michael foot you know type of
Labour politician in the UK a complete
repudiation of take of a factor in
Reaganomics and he could very well be
the next prime minister of Britain
mmm-hmm he's got tremendous support so
that would be a signifier that we are
turning to a huge left wing possibly in
a movement politically and is seeing
that in the UK and Bernie Sanders it was
kind of an equivalence here in the US
but I'm not sure he hasn't you know
enough gas of the tank run for president
again right but are there do you see
stirrings of like a Corbin esta type
absolutely what do you say yeah I know
it's out there that sentiment is out
there and a new Bernie Sanders for a
long time ago and and spent a lot of
time writing about it before this
election cycle but I never saw what
happened in 2016 coming with the
outpouring of support for him and that
had a lot to do both with this sort of
new newly coalescing leftist politics
but also with pent up frustrations
towards the status quo towards the the
Democrats and towards this idea that
what you're talking about that the the
the the existing political parties have
left us with these huge horrible scary
problems and we just can't elect them
anymore we have to go in a sharper more
serious direction and we saw that on
both sides of the aisle but it that
sentiment is definitely still out there
well you're writing cuz you're writing
as you mentioned before you said you
can't do that that it has an ailment of
satire to it more humor how do you now
are gonna you know this is your market
this is the folks that are be reading
your stuff mm-hmm what's the process do
you listen to what's happening out there
and it goes into the writing organically
or do you have a certain style that you
feel is your quote unquote brand that
needs to be maintained I really that's
kind of an odd question but stuff yeah
yeah I know what you're saying though I
mean it's been difficult I'll be I'll be
honest I mean there's a part of what I
do I've always believed that humor for
its own sake is sort of an inherently
iconoclastic like when people laugh they
let and they laugh at anything if you
watch money Python it's not political it
doesn't tell you to be left or right
right generation is like a humorless
degree yeah like my generation believed
that laughing at all politicians it was
healthy right like if you if you looked
at all
and realize they're all on some level
posers and silly and that and we should
be suspicious of everything that they
say that that was a healthy response now
it is it's not quite like that now humor
humor of that sort is a little bit sort
of discounted it has to be targeted it
has to be out of the direction I mean
all the humor on sudden at live in the
last year has been about Trump you know
it's it's you know Putin coming down the
chimney or whatever it is and have a
responsibility to be equal opportunity
in the sense that Saturday Night Live
they never bring up Hillary's foibles
and the fact that she's very easily to
satirize because she's in it's someone
who lost to a game show host essentially
yeah I mean if you can't satirize that
you know you're not a satirist yet they
feel like somehow that show like they
have a responsibility above and beyond
humor right and is that I mean that
seems like they are violating their
their role their code their code to
offer the public a way to vent and and
have a release mm-hmm from the from the
stuff that's going on because they are
becoming as political as Rachel Maddow
and it's the same thing in journalism
right so journalists of my generation we
grew up with the idea that our only
responsibility was to get things right
right we tell the story where we see it
we call it the way we see it in every
direction we put it out there and we let
society figure it out right they make
the responsible decisions from there
these days the idea is we have to affect
the outcome we have to be political we
have to make a political decision prior
to putting the information out there and
what's what you're seeing now is is
instead of a journalist of reporting in
all directions that are just becoming
messaging platforms that just are
essentially in sync with one or the
other political party and it's kind of
the fox's ation of news it's and it's
going on across the media landscape and
I think that's that's very dangerous and
unhealthy because as soon as you have a
politicized media I mean that's a
classic feature of a third world country
is when when media outlets don't report
in all directions yeah I know I listen
to Moll and I can assimilate
and I come up with my own conclusion but
what's happened is yet a nation of
Sybil's people are becoming
schizophrenic becoming multi-personality
their did they change their chemical
composition looking at different news
outlets to correspond with what's going
on they can't synthesize all this stuff
ready the human brain is not capable of
doing all it to make those sophisticated
choices and live life at the same time
so you end up with a completely
fractured view of things then none of it
represents reality and through that we
end up with like Charlie Munger coming
out and saying Wells Fargo should be
forgiven for stealing money out of
everyone's accounts right suck it up and
cope exactly yeah you know I mean you're
absolutely right it when when when
nobody's reporting on the foibles of
their own party then nobody's
trustworthy and that's the problem when
you have this information landscape
where people aren't reporting the
negative things about their quote
unquote they're at their side you have
you basically have a desert yeah you
have this gigantic oasis of
untrustworthy media and people are
consuming tons and tons and tons of it
but they're not making sense that other
words they're a beast with lies right of
course doctor all right well that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser report with me max geyser and
Stacey ever like there's a Matt Taibbi
if you want to reach us on twitter it's
cause a report until next time bye
