a humanitarian pause in Syria's eastern
guter has been broken by terrorists for
a second day that's according to the
Syrian reconciliation center this is
after safety corridors that were set up
by Russia came under heavy shelling from
militants they prevented civilians from
leaving the besieged district situation
in the enclaves was discussed at a UN
Security Council meeting the Assad
regime and their supporters have been
pummeling Eastern goota where four
hundred thousand people live under siege
and constant bombardment it needs to be
understood that terrorists are still
legitimate targets of military
operations they are asking civilians to
leave Eastern goota on the false premise
that they can then attack anyone left in
the area as much as they would like who
sets up temporary settlements with
civilians ambulances are there because
we've been through this before we know
what Russia will say today they will say
that there are terrorists in eastern
goota so the Assad regime can bomb as
ferociously and indiscriminately as it
wants once an auskey what do you do to
implement the resolution did you
influence those who consider moderate
opposition did you persuade them to stop
shelling and taking people hostage it
was a heated meeting in the halls of the
UN Security Council we heard from
different countries addressing the
council regarding the situation in
eastern Goethe now we've also heard
Russia's President Vladimir Putin
comment on the situation and point out
that essentially this Enclave in eastern
Goethe is being used to attack civilians
in Damascus and that civilians in
eastern Goethe are being used as human
shields really no especially which an
accusation your mother unfortunately
there are lots of extremist forces in
eastern guter as well as a range of
terror organizations recognized by the
UN the shelling is continually coming
from that area on some days the number
of missile strikes and mortar shell
attacks which is 5280
they even reached the territory of the
Russian embassy
should we tolerate this indefinitely of
course not there have been a large
number of efforts to protect civilians
in the area Russia carries out of
five-hour humanitarian pause on a daily
basis in the hopes of protecting
civilians and allowing them to get out
the humanitarian corridor furthermore
the UN Security Council has passed a
resolution calling for a 30-day
ceasefire now a letter was sent to the
UN Security Council by some of the
opposition and rebel groups saying they
would honor this UN resolution however
at this point however 300 civilians have
been prevented from leaving due to the
attacks they've experienced as they try
to escape now the Russian representative
pointed out that these kind of
humanitarian concerns and outrage were
not being raised while the liberation of
Raqqa was taking place we're worried
when US aircraft were levering Raqqa
where was your outcry it's been months
since Aris were forced out of the city
and it's still unfit for life the
Security Council requests the
secretary-general to expeditiously send
a mission Baraka to assess communication
is there there was quite clearly a gap
in the international media in the way
the different situations had been
portrayed when the Syrian city of Raqqa
and the Iraqi city of Mosul were being
liberated by the us-led coalition and a
lot of bombing was taking place that we
heard u.s. leaders saying making
statements to the effect that civilian
casualties are just a fact of life
civilian casualties are a fact of life
in Iraq and in Syria people are much
more accepting that because it's in
creates their city being liberated they
understand what they were suffering
civilians will get caught in the
crossfire civilians will get hurt
civilians will get killed if you want to
liberate your towns and cities it comes
at a price it's a unavoidable part of
war and commanders have to press on
despite that the responsibility for
civilian casualties in Iraq and Syria
lies with Isis that is on them not on us
we are the good guys
and the innocent people on a battlefield
know that
a correspondent from RT Arabic is in
eastern Goethe for us she has more now
on the latest situation in the Syrian n
clave nominee it's the second day of the
truce we haven't seen any civilians
walking through the corridor it's known
that there are many civilians who want
to flee the Enclave to leave it through
the one-and-only corridor open for
civilians from gluten however militants
prevent civilians from exiting and don't
allow them to leave Goethe through the
evacuation route to reach the road to
Damascus the militant positions are just
three or four hundred meters from the
corridor near the camp of Awad in the
Syrian government has distributed
leaflets among civilians of the militant
controlled and clave with detailed
information and a map on how to get into
the area under government control we can
see that everything is ready here to
receive civilians and to deal with any
difficulty humanitarian situation early
we spoke to professor of political
sociology dr. Sayed Sadiq at the
American University of Cairo he believes
it's the United States thus fueling
tension in Syria by supplying various
armed groups with weaponry so who was
playing with fire the one who is playing
what was far is the one who was
providing weapons who is providing
mercenaries who is financing them who is
providing media coverage for them and
trying to show that what is happening in
el Alta is as a Masada is a big massacre
of innocent people what do you care
about is those him they had supplied
arms whom they had finances whom they
had been breathing in the last few years
and now they have lost the war but they
don't have the same courage to admit
that they lost the war to is do they
just keep on bargaining and making all
those claims
