egrant violation over persons rights in
the situation around
mr. bocharov is something we we follow
he is the member of the stuff of the
Federal Council of the Federal Assembly
of the Russian Federation and he is
still in prison in Oslo and his pretrial
detention will end on the 6th of October
I would like to say that the chair over
the Federal Council of the Federal
Assembly of the Russian Federation sent
a letter to the president of Norwegian
Parliament at to release mr. Bhati Kirov
and our diplomats in Oslo constantly
contact mr. botch Kirov and together
with his lawyer
they provide him every assistance
possible on the 1st of October the
consular officers hold another held
another meeting with him and we insist
that Norwegian authorities live all the
trumped up accusations and we insist
that he should be released it points out
that this stage with his detention and
accusations espionage was organized by
the individual authorities as kind of
blackmail to release another Norwegian
citizen who was caught red-handed
who is now detained and inquiry
procedures are now going on so and now I
would like to draw your attention to the
reports that have been published a
number of mass media outlets on this
supposedly exchange hear over people and
namely Alex in Seoul for two hour
a citizens who are detained in the u.s.
I would like to point out that we were
surprised by this information and I
would like to know that it's
misinformation at the same time
oh we demand that Washington I should
release Russian citizens for example
maria butanna who was arrested on
trumped-up charges and i would like to
emphasize that we regard to this
situation around Marie Bettina as a
political pressure and blackmail and
beyond debate she is a political
prisoner we continue to insist that a
victor Mouton boot boot and constant
Indira shankha I should be released they
were abducted by US special services
abroad then they were forcibly
transported to America and sentenced to
serve long prison terms based on false
accusations and we have no intentions to
stop efforts to get released the people
who fool the victims of American amateur
nests now we turn to the situation in
Syria as for the developments in Syria
steps to implement the Russian Turkish
memorandum on stabilization of the
situation in Italy de-escalation zone
signed in Sochi in the 17th September
becoming very important reportedly a
number of Syrian military opposition
units located and they lived it declared
the support of the arrangements of
creighton a demilitarized zone Russian
and Assyrian servicemen ensure the
operation of a Buddha for humanitarian
corridor to the east of Italy pierced by
civilians
to go to the territory controlled by the
Syrian government and people who left
the terrorists and clave are rendered
with all necessary help and at the same
time it really radically minded the
militants primarily harness for fighters
and members of all the international
terrorist groups affiliated with
al-qaeda are afraid they'll find in
themselves in isolation as a result of
the implementation of Russian Turkish
arrangements staged different
provocations and with up tensions around
ad libbed escalation zone urged to
continue the so-called resistance to the
government forces and thus terrorists
try to hinder the reconciliation process
between the opposition members and
government forces the opposition members
want to lay down arms and join the
political process and we still receive
reports on much kale staging of chemical
attacks supposedly delivered by
government forces in Idlib toxic
Adrian's professional cameras have been
brought for these purposes and
rehearsals were held that have been
already shown by mass media we're
seriously concerned with the fact that
civilians including women and children
can fall victim to these stages staging
and Russia will continue the
uncompromising fight against terrorism
until it is fully erased from the Syrian
soil social and economic infrastructure
is being restored in the territories
liberated from Isis and comprehensive
humanitarian aid is being provided and
Syrian refugees and internally displaced
persons continue to come back home the
Syrian side estimates that since early
2018 about 50,000 persons came back and
in the context of this report we had
took note of the news
on a missile attack delivered by Iran
and it was conducted on the eastern bank
of your freighters now where terrorists
located that were the terrorists who
conducted the terrorist attack in the
city of aquas and the Iranian servicemen
provide all help to fight against
international terrorism illegally at the
request of the Syrian government know
the situation in Afghanistan the
situation continued to be tense the
movement of Taliban is very active this
year Afghan national security forces
face unprecedented level of losses in
particular in September of this year
national forces lost 513 people killed
seven hundred eighteen hundred and forty
three were captured can Julia love ISIL
is not diminishing its activity on the
second day of October in common district
of non-car province and the meeting of
the local deputy with builders was
conducted a suicide bombing that killed
at least 13 people run dozens were
wounded according to the information we
will receive this is most probably the
responsibility of ISIL the US and
coalition members still rely on military
solution of Afghan problem the direct
consequence of this is the high number
of victims among civilians for the last
months 262 people were killed and 524
wounded they were victims of airborne
beings by Western coalition another
example of indiscriminate use of US Air
Force's is mistake boom beam on the 1st
of October knockin area in the province
of Gilman's as a result one police
officer were
killed and 29 wondered the developments
in Afghanistan show once again that the
conflict in the country can have no
military solution the only possible way
to sell to settle the crisis is
political and diplomatic we received
questions about recent statements made
by IAEA Director or there was a lot of
questions regarding the statement of mr.
Amano and we say that mr has has all
right to make all possible comments he
wants it shouldn't be commented by us
the approaches of mr. Amano of the work
in Iran out there is given in his
official statement is shared by ours it
corresponds to the main dates of the
joint comprehensive plan of action on
Iran nuclear program and the resolution
2231 of the UN Security Council of the
2015 and the corresponding resolutions
of the council's of IAEA of 15 December
2015 and the practice of use of
Additional Protocol to the agreements
and warranties we trust the agency
provides professional and objective
activity of the checking the activity in
Tehran of the obligations within JSP oay
Iran today is the most controlled
country by IAE the whole number of the
tools of the agency and the level of
cooperation by Iran chose said there are
all chances to leave any questions that
arise regarding also some clandestine
nuclear reserves we shared the position
of Amano and the information regarding
the
obligations of the state to IAEA and we
think that the information received from
third country shouldn't be taken for
granted it should be critically assumed
and we hope that the agency will keep
providing this level of work that is
being done until now we received a lot
of questions about Macedonia we gave our
evaluations and they were also commanded
by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Sergey Lavrov spoke a lot about this but
there was still a lot of questions
taking into account the reaction that we
see the referendum that took place in
Macedonia I would like to say again that
on September the 30th of this year these
country hold referendums regarding
presper agreement to rename the country
as Republic of North Macedonia it was
recognized as not having taken place
since the due to low voter turnout 36
and 9% instead of minimum required 50
plus 1 percent despite this the
politicians from EU and NATO who were
supporting the people to vote for the
decision but this is as we believe an
acceptable practice and shows a clear
interference in the election process and
internal affairs of the state what can
be more important than the process of
national referendum so despite all their
active actions and interference in the
internal affairs of the state the
attempt to affect the process of voting
of the people they welcomed the
comes of the referendum and regarded
them as a wide support of Pressburg
remnants in particular Secretary General
of NATO mr. Stoltenberg he promised to
take copying alliance all that in 2019
without living space for doubts that
Macedonia and Greece will take the
necessary decision everything has become
confused in the countries there are not
just politicians who are working on
their own ratings but the politicians
who are involved in the forming of a
European or North Atlantic agenda and if
we speak about the non-interference in
the internal affairs then it is
unacceptable to provide to carry out any
agitation of for or against any decision
and the rights should be respected we
cannot impose the decision on the
Parliament such actions are unacceptable
you should accept the possibility to do
so and in this case a new world order
will be established and you should just
be fair about this we what we see is a
flagrant violation of the situation and
the clear interference in the internal
affairs of the country and the main
purpose is to grab the country into the
Alliance according to logic of those who
are carrying out this politics the
opinion of more than 63 from 1% of the
population including the president of
the country
who refused to support the agreement can
be ignored the process the worst in
practice are cynical and hypocritical
and it is especially clear in the
Balkans we were surprised but the
decision made by IOC Odia HR massive
propaganda campaign of the West is
presented as something positive it is
something really usual and ordinary and
our question what if Moscow would call
Macedonia to vote and they saw other way
it would be immediately labeled as
interference in the internal affairs it
is not just double standards violation
of generally accepted rights and rules
our principal position remains unchanged
the solution can be found without any
pressure from outside without any
recipes given from outside especially
those who are not working and they're
really not working and I think that
Western politicians also made sure about
that this the decision should be found
within legal framework and with broad
public support next the earthquake in
Indonesia on 28th of September in
solavei see the magnitude was more than
seven and it was followed by a tsunami
with waves up to three meters mostly
just the cities that suffered the most
was dongle and Paulo as a result of this
natural disaster 1300 people died around
17,000 in the nation were left without
home
President of the Russian Federation and
the Prime Minister sent telegrams to the
the Republic of Indonesia with
condolences
there are no Russians among the
casualties and there is information for
24/7 operation of the centers where the
information can be received for the
moment we'll provide the older necessary
facilities and things like products and
blankets to the areas that were that
suffered the earthquake next issue the
situation with stripout we always
comment on this issue and now we comment
the situation and the fourth news of the
United Kingdom recently will comment on
the decision of the UK to say no to the
Russian Federation in assistance of
investigation of the of this case the
free text was the fact that the cities
to satisfy the request of the Russian
Federation can be detrimental for the
security and public order or other
important interests of the United
Kingdom and this is a quote what can we
say British authorities recognize that
objective investigation together is
governmental for their interests what is
the issue then so we are witnesses of
huge staging and maintain the reality of
the plot London uses
the favorite manner using false
information and they debunk it later I
would like to draw attention to the
screen this is a weight of the head of
Defense Agency of the Great Britain that
disappeared in few minutes after it was
without any explanation or without
mentioning that it was a technical
mistake it just disappeared and I can
read what was in in this week it was
said that this is official account of
the head of the defense agency of Great
Britain one of the one of the people in
script our case was identified and he
said that we are continually working on
the case and it was done to get the
world the information received from
belem cat this is a cooperation of UK
authorities through media connected was
real media taking into account the
simultaneousness of the headlines read
authorities about Russia and the
silencing of the real information
underlines the groundless of the
accusations presented by London and it
makes us believe that brand-new freedom
of words in London they are too involved
in gear political games and in
no political problems if we speak about
internal problems of the country thing
that happened yesterday no space to
doubt that all the case about scree
piles and so on is done for political
reasons somebody is trying to win over
their political opponents and the
accusers I'm totally clear in the
rightness they provide no facts and
actually a de facto not required for
them and there is one term that with the
British historians will remember was
shame we can escalate the situation as
much as we want but the truth we cannot
deny it will be revealed one day and it
is it the British authorities at least
once should give eyes will no more
unsettled where and in what condition is
crippled why and nobody can approach
them after half year there are many
questions about this repels case that we
asked the British side we talked about
them to the Western partner said but
this most important question is still
nonce it would happened in Salisbury if
there are so-called suspects it means
that the British side has a detailed
description of the situation of what
happened there and we would like to
learn about that
once again we call on the British
authorities to have an open talk with us
instead of this useless
rude front area they demonstrate as we
know we going to discuss another topic
and it's doping and the involvement of
political circles of the u.s. in these
dirty games as we know one of the master
maids of this attacks against Russia in
the so called state system the US but
the sports officials refused to accept
the readmission of Russian agency in
wada
and it is very actively and this is the
leader of the anti-doping agency of the
u.s. mr. Taggart
but the Syria scandal erupted recently
the point is the agency mr. Taggart
heads was called out in easing the
requirements for the MMA fighter mr.
Jones who was caught red-handed in 27
for the use of doping for the second
time and his full-year disqualification
disqualification was reduced to 30
months a full I quote cooperation with
the u.s. Doping agency and providing
information on the use of prohibited
substances by other sportsmen and then
after them expert conclusion over the
author about doping scandal in Russia
and by the Canadian McLaren it was
reduced to 15 months it is absurd if we
look at both the Canadian and American
officials do the reason for that was the
fact that mr. Jones used anabolics in
entirely and under liberally and they
didn't influence the results of his
performance he turns out that one should
be punished only in the case of on
doping influences the results and if
sportsman uses doping and doesn't break
records he or she shouldn't be punished
at all these are the decisions made in
the u.s. in the context of declarations
made by others both officials the
despite the effects this tie for the
scandal and the decision in relation to
the athlete split the sports community
in the u.s. in addition to that other
MMA fighters refused to cooperate with
you solder another example of this
double standards is the refusal to
punish the track and field athlete Cleo
who used clenbuterol substances and it's
not was that the u.s. claimed that this
substance was adhere to mystically a
eating Mexican meat it seems that the
American claims on leadership in their
fight for a pure sport is only unjust
come rivalry and all the examples prove
that but our our Western partners moved
further when the information on Russian
readmission to Avada appeared and not
only our American colleagues they
weren't blood with that we witness the
launch of another anti Russian campaign
that is international one
and once Russia was readmitted to vada
Americans were helped by the staunch
allies
Brits and we received many accusations
on different levels and we have read
many fake news on that for example a
British foreign ministry that is now
dealing with security issues and the
sphere of ICT came up with lots of
fantastic speculations in highly likely
style on guru involvement two cyber
attacks over the world including two
Avada servers it happened yesterday it
is so convenient for several weeks a
guru or was accused of the involvement
in the Salisbury incident and now the
paint up story can be clipped to the
wada story so in one bottle probably it
is Nina Ricci perfume bottle everything
was mixed up a guru
cyber spies and our British colleagues
have indeed unbridled imagination these
are like offers over fairy tales that
probably they judge by themselves when
they do that is suggested and were
devastate that wants to take one of the
leading parts in the world yeah and in
fact if we speak of cyber crimes and now
we understand that several European
countries try not to break the quorum
and accuse Russia of all the sins
especially in the sphere of
cybersecurity so if we talk about real
things
they are totally different from the
speculations and assumptions of Western
political strategist because our
country's is one of the active players
in the field over ICT and cyberspace
Russia tries to reanimate the bilateral
working group contacting with the US but
unfortunately the Americans constantly
avoid mutually beneficial contacts by
the reasons only
they understand one of the examples of
our country's eagerness to work in
cybersecurity field is for example
attempts to launch the process between
the governments of the two countries but
there are many other examples I would
like her just to draw your attention to
the annual international conference that
will take place in Moscow between the
9th and 10th of October devoted to this
very topic it is expected that it will
unite over 1,000 experts from Europe
Middle East and Asia and the
participants will discuss the trends in
the sphere of international
cybersecurity they will analyze
instruments and tactics of the most
dangerous hackers groups and exchange
the strategic data in the sphere of
cyber recognizance it seems that our
Western partners do not see this we call
on you to come to Russia to participate
in that to participate in expert
meetings and one of the highlights is
fight against terrorism and the result
of investigations of the high-profile
cyber crimes of this year traditionally
the conference will be attended by
Interpol Europe whole as
the policies over different countries
and telecommunications campaign banks
and other organizations specializing in
technology technologies of cybersecurity
I will provide the details on the
website a little bit later we have noted
that the Ministry of Defense and general
staff for all the British side wants to
create a fan save cyber forces that will
also count the threats arising from
hostile countries on the net these
hostile countries as it is easy to guess
Russia China Iran and North Korea it
turned out that these countries
interfered in the elections in different
countries go to the British special
services they have delivered them more
attacks against the British
infrastructure than anyone else apart
from this initiative the British
government wants to create an internet
regulator like media regulator Ofcom
that will supervise the social media
networks and demand had to remove of a
prohibited content including extremist
statements cause full violence and
misinformation other sniffing London
mobilizes forces to strengthen control
over the internet segments of its
information space involving even the
military it's obvious that the goal of
countering illegal content and threats
of ostensibly interference only protects
to create additional tools to get rid of
alternative points of view on the net
that will probably be cut
Gorkhali classified as misinformation it
is evident that internet that doesn't
tolerate censorship and unlike the
British liberal press refuses to take it
face value the official versions of the
Downing Street in the spirit of highly
likely became a problem for the British
authorities when attempts to counter the
monopoly on truth and it is symptomatic
that the law on counterterrorism and the
security of borders have been enacted
because it can have a negative effect on
the freedom of media and criminalize
different acts connected with the
Yourself spread of information within
the framework of media and journalists
investigation activities we would like
to receive the assessment of these
initiatives by the official London on
the part of the expert community because
though we provide mostly political
assessment who would like to see the
erection of journalists because we
qualify these as complex measures to
strengthen censorship in the media space
and another topic I would like to
discuss with you is connected with
control over information in the net with
double standards and I would like to
draw your attention to the facts that
prove what we have spoken about the
other day the Wikipedia site published a
data about the American senators Lindsey
Graham Michael Lee Orrin Hatch scandal
erupted and Wikipedia removed the
information and the representative of
the White House called the leakage of
personal data flagrant and the
Washington establishment actively
demonstrated that it was shocked with
the with with what had happened because
families of the politicians were in
danger at the same time the US
administration continues to ignore the
criminal activities of Ukrainian
extremists portal mirror tourists
because it is this website that provides
a personal data of about people who are
deemed undesirable for caves Authority
ISM I would like to know too that this
side publish his personal data about the
following people for example Elise booze
inna and Ali Kalashnikov who were killed
the owners of the side were not
published by the publication of personal
data of journalists including Western
ones who visited the Donetsk Republic
the people who are now on the merit for
its webpage the Metropolitan of the cave
and the whole Ukraine and the free the
patriarch of a sober irin a the composer
alexander of motiva the director of solo
film that was nominated for the Oscar
award konstantin haben ski axe leader of
the musical group Pink Floyd a number of
Ukrainian anti-fascist and even the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of Hungary
Peter CFO the technical support team
earth for its was provided by the
American Cloud fair service and
Washington puts a blind eye turns a
blind eye to that we would like to
understand
Eva's our double standards or in other
case how Washington can justify these
matters we should ask a question of why
are the publication of personal data
over Washington politicians provoked
such an outrage such a response
I would like to remind you over the
ligatures made by BuzzFeed
for example the bank information of
Russian diplomats in the US and we have
repeatedly provided the data and noted
that it's it was inadmissible to do this
it is evident that American special
services resulted to a deliberate
provocation we haven't received the
explanation from the Department of State
about the fact if somebody has been
punished for that it means that when
Washington speaks about the protection
of personal data of the users it means
the only are those who belong to a
political elite the information is being
protected and others can be put in
danger and this can be done deliberately
so now we are turning to another point
completing the topic I can note that not
authorized by the Security Council at
the end everybody so on the body in the
statement of the British prime minister
according to long does it is admissible
to do so the problem is another thing
that it's very often income especially
because but that's
they say they do not know how to
counteract the results operation which
was conducted in Libya has been
announced by our president yesterday
about by our president although the
Libyans but now these actions have been
repeated so this country is justifying
their actions and all other states
trying to demand the consequences his
statement were discussed we can
responsible for the use of American
natural resources and started to talk
about international affairs one of the
conference's right into energy said that
the American naval first forces can
block all the shipments of Russian oils
by tankers
coming to the external markets he was
talking about the Middle East although
of the oil is not a scarce near the same
thing could be done with the Iranian oil
experts
he sat just imagine that such statement
could be made not even by the
representatives of the government of the
Russian Federation but just a member of
a political elite deputy some other
person and it will be deemed as
blackmail political blackmail
maybe this Minister forgot about his
position in the government and that he
should watch what he is speaking what he
says first during his first working day
after the appointment
he emphasized his closeness to nature he
came to work dressed like a cowboy and
it explains much each man made by mr.
Singh care a very systematic and the the
American political political
establishment who are just regarding the
situation by the official by the
official knowledge of the world the
guarded by the high self-esteem so
they're talking about Russia's locator
against Russia and make them awkward and
also can create inconveniences and for
their own his own country our
interference in the elections was
without the terrorist attack on the 11th
of September was done by Hillary Clinton
I know that she is not an official
finger but she's a really well-known and
long working politician yes we believe
that she can alter food she can not a
parallel between the interference the
post interference of Russia and the
terrorist attacks on the it's a very
weird to say to the president the first
American people in our country come on
transit through its territory of the
weapons of the equipment property so on
some pre-rendered logistical materials
of the United States point against area
and the United States stated of the
successful for the topic agreements so
why should Hillary Clinton make such
weird and outrageous statements it's a
very economical
period of senior also the senior and
writer it'll just be a fortress wall
wouldn't
he's a big steam game is history US
Embassy in Moscow said that proposed
special competition to double issued by
Russia
anja we take this challenge waiting for
this waiting for the interviews these
interviews are obligatory for the
Russian citizen and these the term is
about 300 days it's almost impossible to
take an appointment to get to
participate to take part in these
interviews as just a return response
measures Russia has extended the term of
waiting up to until up to 15 days and we
have also taken out of difficulties
Russians actually space with getting
there this is our chair creates
obstacles within maintaining business
cultural sports and even family
relations so we are ready for such
competitions and we are ready to get
your proposals another issue that I
would like to highlight Jelena
yes sorry to say their situation on the
internalizes and a memory of working in
a small theater for the poorest brothers
still going on and they are presented
like
and this forest fighters are guilty food
for many deaths and the Linnaean
authorities that was very impressive
just uh bacteria such as the American
Spanish them say that it should be a
year involved this group and one of its
leaders should its plan to be reburied
sorry to say that his certain will be in
a coastal symmetry many thousands of
Russian soldiers killed during the
liberation of virgin was never mean it
differed were canceled and we propose
that the returning authorities remember
the obligations in the human rights area
and stop persecuting in relation to
dissent which were told was very sincere
Breanna you get dolly city grad
situation regarding the events of the
sent and true center the apostille
foundation advance to commemorate the
here are dates of the russian seamen
victims during of the earthquake in
Massena in 1908 the central
dalia event was a roundtable Russia and
Italy in the dialogue of cultures the
110th anniversary of the tragedy and
mesons when Russian musical bands and
photo exhibition and press conferences
were held this is a visit of the
delegation of the foundation to Italy
showed the importance of widening
bilateral contacts of Russia with
foreign countries
another topic is the reply to of the
question September Maryland obstacles to
the function of the database of a
relation to radiative and other
materials it was waiting to British
authorities of the data relating to the
poisoning by sure that the information
was confidential information was
reviewed by this person under my system
Russia is that you might shoot working
with in this database very many
responsibilities on the publishing of
the materials of these are the country
the database is convenient to for
spreading machine is also you think
information I keep the ability to skill
and even as Warrick
demonstrated by fact
British site publish the year just about
did about mister the international rules
do not envisage the disclosure of such
information and this database is not
complete comprehensive and there are no
political bias may not be employed
information in that should not be
transferred to that person's attitude
that are not applied to all parties
Western countries always present the
information about the incident they want
other countries so to disclose all their
details
exclusive status I'm ready to take your
questions I know Santa must go cool
Information Agency recently as we have
seen there were some shifts in the talks
on nagorno-karabakh problem the talks in
Armenia the talks with the President of
Azerbaijan and Armenia and many people
give positive evaluation to the
situation but they believe that even it
was Moscow who this background for the
talks
could you comment on this and do you
think there are hopes for some shifts
and we can reach and we can go to a new
level
we welcome positive trends that we have
noted it is important to develop them
and not to traumatize the situation with
the rhetoric that usually takes place
and from our side we will provide all
necessary assistance
one more question within the framework
of the meeting of Lavrov was I would see
president head of MFA of Italy other
year going to discuss Nagorny Karabakh
issues it may be they may touch upon
this issue I can clarify this and I call
you to come to trust conference and to
get to know the outcomes of the talks
yes please next question on the visit
the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs
you spoke about Libya could you mention
the details because Libya for us is a
delicate sensitive issue could you give
the details what on what they are going
to talk about the exchange of views on
Libyan situation is a regular every
meeting at different levels involves
this issue as you know that it's a
sensitive issue I would even say that it
is an important issue even Italian
representatives say that it is important
for the
destiny of the country from our side we
repeatedly addressed our Italian
colleagues and representatives of
international organizations dealing with
this topic and when there were proposals
made and the President of the Russian
Federation spoke about that yesterday in
particular with the work that is ongoing
on the issues of migrants and refugees
and there is a unique opportunity for
them to return homes in particular to
Syria and of course we always spoke
about the fact that an exclusive role
and this whole complicated issues should
play the normalization of the situation
in the region destabilization of the
situation in order to make the process
of the return of refugees home possible
so that they could normalize their lives
and so that this would give the pre-tax
projects to prevent similar situations
in future without normalization of the
situation in the region the attempts to
solve the situation are impossible
the problems are becoming more and more
global people are not just coming to the
territory of the European countries they
are dragging more and more inflows and
to cure the problem locally is
impossible we have to get back to the
region and to normalize the situations
there and to do everything to at least
make it stable Syria sees that the hopes
for better if around two years ago if we
wouldn't try to imagine that Syrian
refugees IDPs immigrants and migrants
could wish to come back home we wouldn't
have believed in it today it's reality
active actions on fighting with
terrorists countering fighters the
effort to put together the opponent see
a position being done and the process of
reformation humanitarian assistance and
of course multilateral dialogue of the
players of the actors the dialogue on
regular basis all these factors have
become a global basis to make life to
normalize life in Syria and to give a
chance to people to come back and this
is the main pretext to normalize the
situation and to solve the problem in
Syria and Europe Middle East it is not
the same problem as in Libya but it
should be applied to other countries
when the players involved in the
settlement of Libyan problem should not
try to put the opposition and other
forces apart but try to unite them to
lead to consensus decision and define a
new Libyan statehood mass in taking into
account the international law Libya put
the whole country and
while the general situation is
complicated and the Syrian principles
and approaches multilateral dialogue of
the players and the aspiration to reach
a political consensus the skills of the
regional and global powers to see the
their interests and the problems and all
this could be applied to other
problematic regions and these issues are
regularly discussed and they are going
to be discussed in future the details
can be found out only after the talks by
I wish you that the ministers of Foreign
Affairs will share their evaluations
with you
I would like to add one thing I think
that there is a chance that this the
issue of the conference in Palermo will
be raised and the middle of November yes
that's right and Russia plans to
participate there okay this is new
information of course the level of
participation and the exact parameters
will be agreed later will provide you
with this information but it's an
important event not only for Italy but
for Europe for the whole region and
we're working on it yes please news
Sheriff Deputy Foreign Minister said
Afghanistan said that disturbances was
between Russia and us on international
agenda can affect the situation in
Afghanistan could you comment on this
please we think that
we take effective steps and efforts to
normalize the situation in Afghanistan
we cannot agree with a whole range of
actions made by the United States of
America respect to Afghanistan because
they accordingly evidences they lead to
they ignite the situation they make it
worse as we can say but unfortunately we
cannot see any real a willingness to
maintain the dialogue and from our side
we are ready to get involved in this
dialogue of course there are
disturbances I mentioned them I provided
our evaluation of the situation but the
discrepancies should be solved at the
negotiating table and we are open to
this and we call the u.s. to participate
we already announced our decisiveness to
take this step but until now there were
no real actions in that directions and
we face constant blockages the way of
organising the talks the efforts of the
countries who really have something to
say on the situation in Afghanistan can
be positive for Afghanistan and we are
ready to carry out this work
seniors conservatory tricks today
President Putin started his visit to
India how to evaluate the importance and
what are the prospects of bilateral
relations Russia India we have a rule we
are not commenting on the presidential
agenda there is a press service of the
presidential administration of Russia as
for bilateral relations there were a lot
of information published on this
there is a full-fledged calculation that
we carry out with India and during the
visit a lot will be mentioned to others
bilateral relations
but the administration of the president
is responsible for presidential agenda
Ukraine required non grata person mr.
beragon does Russia have any comments on
this of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
of Hungary spoke about that yesterday I
refer could you please refer to this
comment he made a pretty clear statement
on the situation if we speak about the
violation of rights of minorities in
Ukraine we regularly comment on this
this is an unprecedented case what is
going on in Ukraine and for prosecution
of people for a different religion and
towards the use and the preservation of
cultural identity is threatened in
Ukraine it is not just separate
manifestations of destructive forces it
is inside the governmental agenda that
nobody knows whether it was created
deliberately or due to these factors
they cannot counter the forces that
destabilize the situation but this
question should be referred to the
experts in this area international
organizations should play a more
important role in this process their
voice should be louder Japanese TV
Japanese
Prime Minister since the other was
reelected for new term will Russia
continue to sign this agreement without
preconditions our position on this issue
remain unchanged and we mentioned this
already yes please as many of Yuri
International Life magazine yesterday
John Bolton said that the u.s. is
withdrawing from the jurisdiction of the
International Court of the United
Nations so all the regulation is given
by this organization will be not more
than recommendations for the US what is
the opinion of the MFA how will it
affect the situation if we speak about
the International Court international
courts by the UN is what was speaking
about I haven't seen this news I will
clarify and would comment on this as for
International Court we provided a
complete information at one of our
previous briefings and I had one more
question about the international court
and another case the jurisdiction of
international organizations are there
any mechanisms with what I see see they
are not just withdrew from the
jurisdiction they made another step they
provided a different interpretation of
the international law and the
exclusiveness we spoke about this a lot
during the idea General Assembly we are
living following the rules of common
space and there was a paradigm launched
and it was developed at the end of the
Second World War and it was launched
together with the UN Foundation after
the whole world was have seen the
consequences of the war and on the other
side the world there is a paradigm which
is carried out and which is imposed by
other countries countries that are
living in accordance with the current
situation and they think that everyone
should follow the way they do so it will
be kind of a competition I didn't know
kind of well a way to compete
competition between these two types of
paradigms ideologists we would prefer
the first one because if we have a look
at the historical background the second
paradigm worked - but it gave negative
results and if we speak about the US
approaches then they go better with the
second paradigm and it is dangerous as
for both and I will clarify what he was
speaking about and we'll provide the
comments CNN President Putin yesterday
coats crippled a traitor and we'd like
to specify whether three pal still has a
Russian passport is it post
able to get access to scrape outs for
the consulate Department of Russia
I see no linkages between the work of
consular department and street boss
because the statement was made yesterday
and our consul department is trying to
get this access for more than six months
well the second thing as you've quoted
the Russian president traitor he was
considered treated by the court and in
the context of the President of the
Russian Federation statement I say again
that he was called like that by the
court and he was sentenced and he served
this term in prison what's the news
he was a traitor and his activity was
revealed there was an investigation then
hearing and then she spent some years in
prison and then he was swapped nobody
can consider him in any other quality
than traitor
nobody renamed him and it was the
wedding of the court and it isn't
history so it was what happened with him
you know personal evaluations we have
the right to do that but the word
traitor given by the court do you have
anything else to add the citizenship we
believe that we're speaking about
Russian citizens Yulia scruple and
Sergey is crippled
to get access to them and we constantly
face the accusers the President of the
Russian Federation
the Russian consul sponsored service to
get access to our citizens
when the situation happened to the
principal position of the the would be
to grant political calculations not
political reasons so this stations
change anything the mountains and here
we go teachers educated community and it
is demonstrated by the course of the
investigation we say that the opposition
they refuse to Mack is much too
called it a political show have any
reasons say but it is not but i must
occur to infants the view based on
political bias also discussed by the
british side there were many so the
topic was prevalent one during the world
in during the General Assembly Friday
after five days but Sir the
so please get accomplished nice concert
and all media outlets were present the
conference there were representatives of
channels of minutes and about six change
asks we gave an about Salisbury and it
was a good opportunity did that the
British delegation talking about that he
works many times for a lot of time but
journalist they were not allowed to ask
any questions because all these people
understand that this is just a political
show just to produce this ligatures it's
all about news any questions which is
created receive any questions regarding
this script Paul's case asked about the
research laboratory England for months
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of
Russia said that it was
request sent requests of the United
States about the functioning of this
laboratory after a meeting special
representative for mr. crossing part of
the ministry for infusion experts were
invited to visit and whether our sample
chocolate form that I've not seen any
answer coming from the US side discussed
OPM and there was a
yes here any information about that what
would follow as poor the note operation
this is a question that should be asked
to the administrative law defense we see
that the Spirit is not always a
constructive regarding the negotiations
but we prefer to go in a constructive
way for the negotiations so with words
you know that Russia always another
thing for this negotiations necessary
for Syria it's very important for the
the conservation so without Kurds really
a reconciliation is impossible we
discussed that with our Western partners
also any other questions 16 in your
parallel to the interference of China so
why you can do it now the one it could
be the Democrats even know me person
when a country that's esteemed to be
afraid of democracy always accuses the
country so the answer is no question so
they need to accuse somebody when
previously they were trying to find
guilty in their own countries during the
election campaigns now they decided
the international community blamed the
things happening between Washington and
China this is very disappointing it's
not appropriate for now such a great
power as the yes it relates to the trade
trade you keep cattle started to move
out to China and it also relates to
statements about the cyber attacks so
this is just this kind of behavior
so the question is about Paul intent
about Europe bond will sound agriculture
no I'm sure stuff vertically at that
means the poison at the same time at the
minister specialists and experts which
try to find the markets to sport their
products abroad maybe they would be so
in our cultural products no I do not
know any thing about that maybe no so
trying to bury sales floor they're
canceling all assumptions and maybe they
just trying to go further and to think
further I think that is not logical
because the sanctions were introduced at
health
Poland Poland is does not agree with the
sanctions maybe we should think about
the canceling of sanctions but balance
sheet just post them in countries they
ask what to do about sanctions this is
this question should be addressed to
them because your countries supporting
them these sanctions so even if one
country withdraws from the process then
the situation can be changed oh yeah
please
straining grunts information agency
Bulgaria question relates to the
relation to the parent Russia CMS post F
chimera Cisco Gaza of Europe West
yourself of the topic of shipments of
Russian and Casa to Europe is still
discussed energy cooperation between
Russia and Bulgaria taken account that
in 2013 parliamentary solution that
regard the question here is the same as
your question of planet actually such
countries are several carriers should
understand what are they i striving for
even they want your cooperation and we
are ready for that embodies now they
wanted to be entangled in some political
intrigues provocations
about the interaction country's
president have said about that our next
a briefing will be sweet 19 house of a
journalist not some abstract genres but
mr. Costello as you've seen in the
secret there were many videos relating
to that house and soon we open an
accreditation and like
Johnny spoke about that topic maybe you
could take the opportunity to come to
this to visit to this house and visit
our briefing at the same time and just
see what you are describing your
materials with your own eyes I'd like to
invite foreign media speak about this
house of the Radio freedom
National Public Radio representative so
that would be a perfect opportunity to
see the things that they were describing
ready to see in their game to meet users
and say that this place is a marvelous
place and it was described as some
special place by our poets of the Silver
Age and - by many other writers
thanks very much did mentor Casa Loma
for providing us with this opportunity
so see you in cocktail
