inside itself I see that this is
political reasons you know so much so
that's why they want us to go Russia
three if you ordered your arrest or your
arrest
I think sure why are you worried because
somebody please
this is very unusual and that's why we
think that this Russia effects brush
effects from Thailand very very fast on
the highest level and we cannot do
anything with this if United States will
not help we will I think we will just
lose you lose us
what do you know about the connection
with Russia speak about it when they
really take to place no this is lovely
why is it not safe because why it's not
safe why you don't feel safe yesterday
they report about that because we paid
for it and nothing happens from Russia
somebody come yesterday kiss me
I have many pet receivers a soft caramel
excuse me we sent too much
you
