a number of our districts of Brussels
have called on the Belgian government to
reconsider plans to grant the police
greater powers to target migrants the
new bill would make it easier to conduct
raids on homes thought to house migrants
who have already been ordered to leave
the country however not all approve of
this method
Arty's Charlotte do muskies spoke to one
local who experienced her home being
raided when the notorious jungle camp in
Calais was torn apart thousands of
migrants scattered many came here to
Brussels it was meant to be a pit stop
instead for many it's become more
permanent as Belgians have opened their
arms and their homes to migrants though
for some that's brought its own perils
five o'clock in the morning I heard the
door bang bang bang that's kind of a
shock I was sleeping so I wake up with
Georgia like and then I didn't flow in
my body and I came down I say yes who is
it police okay
but I had no idea why really I didn't
know so I opened the door very friendly
and I saw seven men and one woman coming
in the door pushing me aside going up
asking me are you alone yes I'm alone
and it was the case but really they went
into the world they went the other side
way to see it nobody was I really had
the impression I was a terrorist that
something really terrible happened 16
year old Mohamed migrant from Sudan is
the reason the police came around six
months ago he was sleeping rough at
Brussels Maximilian park police come to
park massamilla you only come to catch
people they sleep they come at five
o'clock in morning everybody sleep the
only you wake up you see police in front
of you if police see you have has a
telephone they take you telephone even
charge they take they take you shoes
they attacked you cut because they want
they want you feel bad very bad
and they don't want anybody in bark
multimedia and so when I came as
in such a state it was really really you
know he's 16 and he was there at least
already for two weeks knows where to
sleep alone in this park with some
friends and nothing so I say okay I'm
home
in August last year I spent the night at
Maximilian park it was clear it had
become a transit point that thousands
had already passed through fearing that
a new Kali could emerge the government
began a program of raids and arrests
while for now Mohammed has a roof over
his head it looks like the government is
making a new play in a bid to evict
migrants like him it's due to vote on
plans to allow police to search private
homes suspected of sheltering
unauthorized migrants that's provoked
outrage yet some are worried that while
many migrants are in need of aid others
have more sinister motives some
terrorists have used fake IDs some
terrorists have posed as migrants and
seeking asylum what concerns do you have
about letting people into your home of
course
the risk zero does not exist so I cannot
tell you that I will be a hundred
percent sure that they are not
terrorists of course but the percent of
migrants that are the highest is so
little for Anouk hosting Mohammed has so
far been a rewarding experience for
Mohammed it's changed his life how
different is your life now compared to
what it was just a few months ago 316
degrees but something like that
everything change now I have family
really family are really family for me
she do everything for me
I have fun eh I go to school I have
friend despite his good fortune Mohammed
says his family
back in Sudan always in his heart
Salam alikoum assaultive availa
available there any anywhere here at
home the real oculomotor wa boku no
mathematical value you know the our that
was insha'Allah Allah with him she was
here
Charlotte evinced key RT Brussels
