well there's been plenty of support for
the Syrian citizens living in eastern
Goethe via social media journalists and
commentators sharing photos from the
conflict zone however not all of them
appear to show the actual real picture
as artis Keller Maupin now reports two
heartbreaking photos posted with the
words this is Syria except it's not
actually Syria one is from Mosul in Iraq
and the other is from the Israeli
bombing of Gaza now it's been raised in
the comments that it's not actually
Syria but regardless this post by some
guy in Cleveland has tens of thousands
of retweets we decided to find out how
many people here in New York would be
ready to retweet or share this would you
retweet that I would I don't typically
use Twitter but maybe no it just seems
like very politically motivated without
have any having any serious message
behind it I definitely wouldn't I mean
just because there are Horrors happening
everywhere and I don't know if Twitter
is the proper forum for it anyways yes I
would and why I'm half Palestinian and
this is the same thing that's going on
in my country interestingly this is
Mosul in Iraq and that is Gaza so it's
not actually Syria no but it's
equivalent the same type of things are
going on in Syria it's kind of just
informative it might not be you know to
a tea informative but it's getting the
message across
even if these pictures are of someplace
else it's okay do you think that you by
that I mean to some extent yes if you
think that it actually it's like taking
an initiative then I feel like the
pictures don't really matter I think the
real issue is scary and sad enough that
we don't need to you know misinformed
people you will ought to have real
journalism you ought to have real
information and verify you know contact
would this be fake news yeah I would be
fake knows I mean part of why I don't
new sweater is because of the
information fabrication that exists I'm
also hesitant about Facebook for this
exact reason you can't trust anything
anymore and it's a sad state of the
world now the saddest part is that some
commenters say they don't actually
here they say people are dying in Syria
aren't they facts don't matter that's
how things are in the post truth world
caleb Maupin RT New York
