hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things were considered I'm Peter Lavelle
from North Korea too serious president
Donald Trump's foreign policy is
literally all over the map North Korea
says it is open to direct talks with
Washington only to be met with
preconditions in Syria where the US has
no legal right to be in the first place
peace is within view but this is not
with the Trump administration wants
Krauss fucking missing diplomacy I'm
joined by Magus Earl Rasmussen in
Washington he is the executive vice
president of the Eurasia Center in New
York we have Daniel Lazar he is an
author and freelance journalist who
writes frequently about the Middle East
Eastern Europe and the US Constitution
and in Fort Lauderdale we have Ivan elin
he is a senior fellow and director of
the center on peace and liberty at the
independent Institute all right
gentlemen crosstalk rules in effect that
means he can jump in any time you want
and I always appreciate it Daniel let me
go to you first a we're calling this
program missing diplomacy and let's look
at two areas where a lot of diplomacy is
necessary North Korea and Syria in both
cases there there have been or still
present some kind of diplomatic opening
considering the very fierce rhetoric
we've heard about a second phase and
when we look at from the Trump
administration for North Korea and then
the u.s. essentially obstructing a
number of peace processes and designs in
Syria where is the diplomacy Daniel go
ahead diplomacy is absent and we have a
very erratic individual at the top
Donald Trump who has little idea what
he's doing but it's very important to
emphasize that the u.s. Empire is vastly
overextended it's gotten self in a in
deep trouble in a number of parts the
world including Korea and Syria and so
there really is no easy way out
so Trump's confusion is a reflection of
the larger confusion of the u.s. system
okay I've been what I did that's a point
you know and we could put it on the
person of Donald Trump but I would put
it on the people he's surrounded him
with himself with my impression and I'm
very far away is that he's basically
disinterested in these topics and he's
delegated it to others and unfortunately
a lot of them are neo-cons go ahead Ivan
yeah well I think you're right his
campaign pledges were different than his
than what he's doing now he is pledges
was was let's stay out of a lot of stuff
America first let's do what we need to
do here at home etc and get in don't do
nation-building overseas etc
but I do agree that the US has been
overextended for a long period of time
and he's exacerbating the problem and
it's very it is very confusing to him
because he had no one ever his advisors
do not give him the option of saying
well you know we did we deterred I come
out say tongue when he got nuclear
weapons in China so he can probably
deter Kim Jong won in North Korea
because dictators they just want to
survive that's their main goal is
surviving in power and so you know why
threaten a paranoid guy right but you
know that's not what they're doing in
Syria of course his main objective was
to he said was to get Isis well Isis is
at least you know a shrunk vastly
shrunken size of territory I now whether
they'll come back and elsewhere I don't
know but certainly if you've done with
the job get out but of course the United
States is not doing that because it
wants a Mazon the ground it wants to
keep control of territory so that it has
a role in the Syrian negotiations that's
a much different mission than we started
with
yeah you know that's it exactly right
and you could apply that you know
serious staying there to determine
political outcomes staying in South
Korea to do to determine political
outcomes that is exactly it and it's a
zero-sum game either we get what we want
or there's going to be trouble there
could be potentially even war I mean
that's not how you run a foreign policy
or what that is foreign policy it's an
extension of military policy and it
precludes or excludes the possibility of
peacemaking you can think whatever you
want of the North Korean regime but if
the North Korean regime and South Korea
are talking and both want to talk more
and the South wants the u.s. to talk to
North Korea I don't think there's
anything wrong with that because the
alternative is far far worse go ahead or
oh yeah I think you're it's unfortunate
but I don't necessarily think people
want a direct conflict however we're
getting dangerously close to that one
could accidentally happen especially
when we've got erratic leaders in place
that want theirs
survival are they looking for the
political perspective and they back in
their ownselves on their corner and
sometimes things happen that you don't
expect but I think when we look at Syria
you know the the u.s. is concerned about
the rising role of of Iran and Russia in
the Middle East and I think I think
there's pressure from both from the US
side from one of their close allies in
the area as well as some of the Gulf
states they do not want to see Iran
raising up so you see these accusations
are violating the nuclear accord you see
them trying to even though they're
they're welcome in Syria trying to force
them to get out of the region
it's it's a dangerous situation there
and the u.s. really right now appears
they just want to stay present there and
present in in Korea as well to really I
don't know if that's necessary to
counter North Korea more than just as
much as perhaps to counter the rising
influence of China roars well of course
that's the whole point
okay that's why they want to stay there
they want to determine well first of all
they want to make sure that if there's a
unification of the peninsula they
determine what that unification is
because they're going right up to
China's border would be what the the
president of a White House would very
much want it heads in the chin the
Chinese don't want that happen no
surprise Daniel let me go to you you
know always mentioning about US
presidents in Syria and Iran well I mean
it's the activities of the United States
in the region since 2003 that is only
advance the interests of Iran I mean how
many more events do we have to go
through how many more failed regimes we
have to go through and that region did
to show that the more you push for
regime change the more you push to
determine political outcomes the more
you lose I mean it's a losing streak
okay for over a decade and a half but
nobody realizes that go ahead Daniel
you're absolutely correct I mean the US
policy in the eye on that part of the
world has been just amazingly
wrongheaded the invasion of Iraq
provided a huge opening to Iran
America's alleged you know number one
enemy in the region you said before the
other America wants certain things
in Korea and Syria but it's not really
clear that America even knows what it
wants eggs and limiting russian-iranian
or Chinese influence but otherwise it
has no idea it has no positive program
so you know and so therefore the u.s. is
trying you is acting at the behest of a
Saudi Arabia and Israel Saudi Arabia is
maybe falling apart very rapidly Israel
may be facing regime change also as
Netanyahu struggles to maintain his grip
so things are crumbling really fast the
US has no idea how to stay on top of
these things and of course as you say
everything it does seems to make things
worse yes I mean you know it's it's it's
pushing these pushing for political
outcomes there's an impatience going on
right here I mean the United States and
I'll just give my opinion it scared to
death that peace could break out on the
Korean Peninsula they're terrified of
that they're terrified that peace could
break out in Syria because the very fact
that they stay that where nobody wants
them to be there it makes it a political
outcome a peaceful outcome impossible I
mean why are they so afraid of peace go
ahead Ivan well I think you're
absolutely correct they seem to want to
maintain overseas president presence in
South Korea and Japan that's where our
major forces are right now and that
gives us a you know an anchor in East
Asia and I think they do feel that China
is rising and you know just like the
when Saddam invaded Kuwait that was a
way to stay in Saudi Arabia for a long
time and so I think these these types of
conflicts are useful in a certain sense
for the hegemon to stay in whatever
region they want to stay in you know
Earl if we if we look at the South
Korean Peninsula
look at look at the region we got Japan
we got South Korea we got North Korea we
got China and we got Russia those
countries can solve this tension on the
peninsula all by themselves but the US
will not let that happen the US will not
allow
South Korea full sovereignty over its
defense planning and and this is the
real problem here I think it could be
solved with regional players go ahead
Earl III would agree in fact I just made
I made a comment on a blog recently they
were talking about the there's some type
of conference in Vancouver that Canada
was hosting of course the US was there
and and other players but to player to
discuss a resolution what direction to
go forward on Korea and of course the
two players that probably should most
importantly be there
Russia and China were not invited and so
I think it's it's you know I agreed that
I think and I also think the new
president in South Korea is open to
dialogue with North Korea I think you
saw that during the Olympics a potential
you know maybe slight melting of some
ice there but I do not think the u.s.
sees it is in their interest to actually
have a dialogue unless it's under their
terms and unfortunately I think I
personally I agree the regional I think
the regional powers there could come to
a very good settlement
it could be general for everyone but the
umist wants to the u.s. wants to play
the role as far as determining what the
conditions are and I don't think that's
very healthy for the future of Korea and
and for the region and it's very
dangerous
under the current environment Daniel
before we go to the break here one of
the things I find very problematic
troubling is that diplomacy is equated
with appeasement these days that is that
is terrifying go ahead Daniel yes it is
it's the u.s. isn't very militant mood
it's not interested in diplomacy or
talking looked at the America wasup
wants to prolong its you know unipolar
moment which broke out in 1989 but now
it's faced with challenges by by China
Iran and Russia and it's trying to hold
them off trying very hard I don't see
how that strategy will be successful but
that's what the u.s. is trying to do
okay I'm going to jump in gents I gotta
jump in here we're gonna go to a heart
break
and after that hard break we'll continue
our discussion on missing diplomacy stay
with RT welcome back to crosstalk where
all things are considered I'm Peter
Thiel's remind you were discussing
missing diplomacy
okay let's go back to New York with
Daniel Daniel on your mother finish up
your point bound the one that you were
elaborating on before the break yeah
yeah my point simply as the us's are
trying to fend off a triple threat from
Iran Russia and China and there is
complete unanimity I've seen no dissent
whatsoever among any of the mainstream
commentators or political or politicians
liberal conservative or what-have-you
they all agree that they must rebut the
Russian Chinese and Iranian threat
Menace and and I can't see how that
strategy can possibly prevail well you
know Ivan I'm don't agree that there are
threats whatsoever I mean China is a
regional power
Russia is certainly and not a global
power it's its reach is actually quite
small it if you look at Russian foreign
policy and defend policy it's very
they're most concerned about their
sovereignty more than anything else and
the near abroad I know some people don't
like that term but it's it's real okay I
mean these these threats here in array
Iran it's surrounded by a NATO or NATO
related countries bases I mean this is
all a fiction here but it certainly is
very good for the arms industry I mean
and Donald Trump has been such a sugar
daddy to them this year and next year
for sure go ahead Ivan yes I think
that's absolutely right and we can also
add that our South Korean Japanese and
European Allie's are all very wealthy
country absolutely and this is not 1950
anymore and they can start taking over
the their own defenses what about a deal
in Korea that says North Korea
denuclearize --is if the u.s. withdraws
all forces from South Korea and South
Korea defends itself
you know we wouldn't have to be
immediately over time that's a
possibility yeah I've got to do
something dramatic but that's of course
that's not going to happen that's
wishful thinking because they are
there's a military industrial complex in
many countries but the one here in the
United States we tend to build up
threats larger than they are and I think
your assessment of the various threats
was pretty accurate China may rise but
of course all the countries in the Asia
could band together and they have fairly
good internal security Japan's an island
that's very safe you just have to run a
porcupine strategy etc European allies
have more combined economy GDP than the
United States does so and of course in
the Middle East it's sort of a it's sort
of a canard that we need to defend oil
the market is much better at providing
oil at the cheapest prices exactly you
know one of the things that states if
you look at the client states in the in
the alliances that the United States has
created around the globe these client
states do like the status quo for the
most part South Korea in this moment may
be a little bit different because they
might see it some kind of diplomatic
opening and want to take it and
Washington will say no but like you look
at Japan you know look at Saudi Arabia
look at Israel I mean they're all fat
and happy I mean the American taxpayer
pays for it they don't even have to be
particularly loyal allies thinking
there's a wide avenue of maneuver for
them in many cases and the United States
if you look a like in the Pacific here
you know they could easily be pulled
into a conflict that it was not of its
wanting but because of all of its
alliances here I mean this these all
these entangling alliances are very
dangerous for the United States but for
a country that voted for a man that
wanted America first
go ahead Earl yeah that's interesting
it's I mean we have like 700 bases
around the world basically ringing
around surrounding Iran surrounding
Russia surrounding China but yeah
absolutely I think essentially we're
we're we're providing the military side
of the foreign policy for a lot of these
countries that are quite well off it and
the thing is is would peace really and
would diplomacy really take hold if if
we did draw back you know and diplomacy
would not being interested would have to
kick in it would it would have to
automatically kick in we were just
saying well Washington said well
Washington said no no
you guys have to sit down and work this
out here I mean Earl isn't it remarkable
how many borders around the world the
United States protects and it doesn't
even protect its own border go ahead or
I'll finish up yeah it's it's it is
interesting we have more concern over
other other countries security than we
do our own sometimes but I you know
there's other political regions in that
there's both lobbying groups on the
military side lobbying groups for for
other countries that have a significant
influence on on what's going on and and
it's not necessarily for America first
unfortunately I think it'd be better
handled
maybe facilitating regional discussions
and actual talking to people would be
much more beneficial I think for global
peace but I don't necessarily think
global pieces is the major objective I
think it's almost a disruption no its
hegemony is the goal okay I mean that's
that's the goal in Washington you know
Daniel if I could just go astray just a
little bit here you know I'm sure you've
been following the ups and downs and the
smoky rooms and mirrors of Russia gating
the 17 hackers and the st. Petersburg
which took about a week of the news
cycles but there's no real concern in
the mainstream to talk about the
countries that actually really do
influence American foreign policy in
Washington DC
they call it lobbying in the United
States here but you know this this is
the kind of influences that Saudi Arabia
has Israel has Turkey has Japan South
Korea we could go all we could make many
many programs about that but that's
almost kind of a taboo subject to talk
about you can go after Macedonian
teenagers fine on Twitter but you know a
real serious discussion I'd like to know
how many congressmen and Senators meet
with lob foreign lobbyists they don't
have to record it they don't have to
tell anyone but if you accidentally
bumped into the Russian ambassador well
you get a FISA warrant against you go
ahead Daniel well you say you'd like to
have some serious discussion I think I
have some serious discussion about just
about anything and there's
even think is soda based I think so it's
fallen so far about about everything
everything and so so it's it's it's
farcical really farcical but yes
influencing American politics
first of all politics are
internationalized for all entries number
one number two
I mean countries like Saudi Arabia
Kuwait the UAE Israel maintain huge
lobbies in the United States that are
extremely effective the Gulf states for
example you know lavish money every
virtually every major think tank in
Washington is funded by the Gulf states
and they use that money to essentially
shape a control debate so a number so in
Washington one rarely gets the gets the
opposing non Saudi non Israeli point of
view it's it's completely outrageous
yeah and the people who are disturbed by
this are the American people exactly who
who you know there are very important
issues that need to be thrashed out but
what you're being you know buried under
yo was swept under the rug it's just
it's a symptomatic of a of a political
system in deep crisis I've been in it
long ago that was the it was a long time
ago in there was public debate about
foreign policy never hear anything about
that yeah just as Daniel was saying it's
I tell people here in American media
don't say much about Israel and don't
say anything about Saudi Arabia okay
those are just two examples go ahead
Ivan yeah I think the other participants
are right on here the our whole policies
on autopilot and what we have is a
military that's set up to power project
overseas so we should call the
Department of Defense the Department of
offense or the Department of Defense of
other countries because in the in the
few times during our history that the
military has been asked to defend the
country it hasn't done it itself it
hasn't done a very good job in war of
1812 we got the capital burn before they
managed to fight the British to a
after declaring war on the super power
at the time in World War two they didn't
think the Japanese were capable of
attacking Pearl Harbor so the military
failed there and of course on 9/11 the
fighter jets went out to sea so we need
to increase our defenses and quit you
know meddling in other countries
business you know you know Earl they the
thing that I find again I think Daniel
really hit it here because I'm very
disappointed too and that's why I have
my own program because I can talk about
things that I think are interesting
because when I look at the literal of
corporate media there's almost nothing
of interest to me whatsoever
it's tragic stories it's sad stories
it's it's political posturing but
there's no debate really about policy
and in foreign policy is never ever
debated right now except for China's bad
Russia's bad and Iran's bad okay that's
it that's all you hear 24/7 and you
never hear the other side of the
argument well why are they so bad you
hardly ever hear it go ahead Earl now I
mean Daniels correctly absolutely
correct I mean if you look where the
funding goes to some of the think things
that are very influential where they're
coming from you really don't have a real
dialogue on foreign policy and and it's
shoot-from-the-hip sometimes it's
autopilot it's it's unfortunate I think
and even you look at our diplomat I
really some of the verbage used in
public and public forums I'm I'm kind of
appalled why and it doesn't really set a
fine example of where we should be as a
country and it should be leading into
diplomatic efforts and I really were
kind of lagging in that area for the
most part you know Daniel II you know II
well III know the person that that girls
talking about least it's talking about
nikki Haley you know before she got her
job to be you and the only foreign
experience she had was going to the
internet International House of Pancakes
that's what we have in the United
Nations you get the last word Daniel
well you know I Peter Peter if I may if
I may correct you on one thing there is
some serious debate in this country for
example a very lively serious debate has
broken out over Jennifer Lawrence's
low-cut dress
photoshoot for her latest movie head and
that was a very wide-ranging debate very
serious touched on a lot of important
subjects Daniel what side of the
argument you on on that one there I
watered up no head no comment as much as
much to froth
it's much too fraught for me I would
never I don't have the courage you could
be totally destroyed on Facebook and
Twitter if you met gave your opinion
okay god help you a god help us all
all right gentlemen that's all the time
we have many thanks to my guests in
watching in New York and in Fort
Lauderdale and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember cross factual's
