a Californian who's an expert in
recycling electronics has found himself
on a whole lot of trouble it's over his
idea to help people save money when it
comes to upgrading their computers
Microsoft I was accused Erick Lindgren
here of creating thousands of illegal
copies of its software and he argues
though he was only using it to extend
the lifespan of old pcs but he faces up
to 15 months in prison and also a
possible $50,000 fine Lundgren insists
he was acting within the law the
Microsoft software itself gets missing
dll files and bloatware and viruses that
over time will break down the software
so that it doesn't operate and function
as intended you might have seen that
before if you ever use the computer and
it just seems to slow down over time and
it needs a refresh which is what the
purpose of a restore CD is so you have a
license with your computer and that
follows your computer in perpetuity
until your computer is no longer working
and that computer can be used by
hundreds of people thousands of people
and the license follows the hardware so
the hardware itself over time might get
missing dll files or it might get
viruses and bloatware and what you'll
end up doing is you'll want to refresh
or reinstall your valid copy of license
on your computer and to do that you need
three things you need a CoA you need a
license and you need to restore media or
restore CD the restore CD is free you
can download it anywhere online but the
COA license have to come from Microsoft
they're the only ones that can provide
you with that what Microsoft has claimed
it missed out on sales of its license
products because of Lundgren's piracy
prosecutors claim he made 28,000 illegal
copies of Microsoft's operating system
last year Lundgren was convicted but an
appeals court did allow him to argue his
case one more time
he says his main purpose was to
encourage people to use refurbished
computers instead of purchasing new ones
I know that if you were to make copies
of their license or their COAS
you're directly stealing from Microsoft
and and you deserve to go to prison but
if you're providing the restores
which is the free thing that you can
download for free or that's given to you
with your computer if you provide that
to consumers you're giving them the
ability to repair their legally owned
property and I see no problem with that
I I believe in extending the life cycle
of electronics and I believe that it
helps us be more efficient in society if
we're able to use these computers as
long as they last I was very surprised
when Microsoft put me in that same
circle with the people they're out there
hacking or stealing their licenses or
COAS I mean that is a crime crime that
deserves to be punished because you're
directly stealing from somebody all I
was attempting to do is help consumers
use what they legally owned I've been a
recycler for 16 years and all I care
about is the environment I want to make
sure that things that work continue to
work for the benefit of mankind
