miss Railly soldiers have carried out a
pre-dawn raid on a Palestinian village
arresting ten people and among them a
teenage boy still recovering from an
alleged gunshot to the head
sustained at a West Bank protest two
months ago the raid was caught on video
by one of his family members
well 10 Palestinians were arrested by
the IDF in a pre-dawn raid five of them
were miners and among those detained was
Mohammad Tamimi who were seriously
wounded after an Israeli soldier fired
at him with a rubber bullet
back in December now he is currently
waiting for surgery to help restore part
of his skull after it was removed in
emergency surgery following that
December incident two lawmakers say the
Israeli army has confirmed that it
arrested tammini overnight it says that
this arrest was approved by an army
physician now after being arrested he
was interrogated and has been
subsequently released during that
interrogation it seems as if he was
forced to say that he fell off a bike
and when his head hit the handlebars
that caused the injury now his family
has refuted this and in fact doctors
have proven that the injury to his head
was in fact caused by a rubber bullet he
is the younger brother of aahed tammini
who is currently in detention awaiting
trial after slapping an Israeli soldier
who arrived at her home now that was
formed back in December when soldiers
arrived at the Tamimi home to arrest
Mohammad naturally I heard was extremely
angry and her brother are regularly at
protests and demonstrations with Israeli
soldiers that very often end in
confrontations
