an investigation into one of the worst
cases of child sex abuse in the UK is
stalling due to a lack of qualified
personnel the abuse scandal centers
around the sexual exploitation of over
1,400 children over the course of three
decades in the British town of Rotherham
it was revealed that 80% of the
suspected perpetrators were of Pakistani
origin
Arty's Paulo Boyko now looking at why
the investigation launched three years
ago is failing to make progress
according to the senior officer
investigating the scandal 100 more
police officers are needed to uncover
the truth so far police have managed to
interview 17% of a possible one and a
half thousand victims due to a shortage
in specially trained detectives it's a
really specialist area engaging and
interviewing vulnerable victims a lot of
our victims were children when they were
abused but they're now adults and have
associated problems as a result of that
abuse including suicidal tendencies
mental health issues drug and alcohol
addiction
the Rotherham scandal led to a national
outcry when the scale of the child abuse
was first exposed back in 2012 two years
later an independent inquiry found that
for decades through systemic failures in
policing and social services the sexual
abuse of children went on right under
the noses of the authorities gangs of
men the majority of whom were of
Pakistani origin preyed on mostly white
girls aged from 11 to 15 many of the
victims thought they were in
relationships with their abusers when
the crimes were uncovered local
authorities in Yorkshire were accused of
failing to tackle the problem partly
through fear of being branded racist on
the part of the authorities in their
cases they were actually saying that
these girls made a lifestyle choice it's
about the fact that they're the
authorities didn't want to be branded
racist the ringleaders of the rod room
grooming gang last year I think yeah
they're distant relatives of mine but
you know what it doesn't change
the responsibility that people like me
have on tackling this particular issue
so I've been campaigning against child
sexual exploitation and on street gang
grooming gangs who are predominantly of
a Pakistani origin for over ten years
the investigation into rather a butte
has cost ten million pounds so far four
individuals have been convicted eighteen
have been charged and thirty eight have
been arrested no one senior has been
held to account and with just seventeen
percent of the victims interviewed so
far all this may just be the tip of the
iceberg
