one of the holiest Christian sites in
Jerusalem has been shut down in protest
against Israel's plans to levy taxes on
religious properties and a new draft
legislation church property could also
be confiscated if the new tax isn't paid
according to the bill only Christian
houses of worship would be taxed mosques
for example would be left alone
religious leaders have criticized the
decision dubbing it an attempt to
diminish the Christian presence in
Jerusalem artis Paulus Leah traveled to
the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and
spoke to disappointed tourists I'm
standing here in one of the most sacred
sites in Christianity the Church of the
Holy Sepulchre this is a place where
does believe that Christ was crucified
buried and resurrected but as you can
see the door to the churches closed
following a decision by church leaders
after Jerusalem municipality announced
it was going to start collecting tens of
millions of dollars in property taxes
from churches for church owned property
without houses of worship
now this flies in the face of a
generations old agreement
I've been talking to programs here from
all over most of whom are of course
disappointed many tourists they come to
the city of Jerusalem and the Holy Land
and they leaving their families appala
plenty of of money to spend on hotels
transportation and so onto leaving their
jobs and leaving their family and to
come to with the church and they want to
pray and they find the churches closed
we felt bad because we came all the way
from the Philippines and this is
actually one of the highlights or the
highlights of the pilgrimage and then we
were already in front of the church when
the church was closed and that's what's
really bad they're sad because one of
the main reasons coming to Israel was to
visit the church for us I have to find a
peaceful solution they should talk about
it like a human being
sit down and don't use it politically
for anything not see Israelis not such
urges nobody just sit down
live what religion should be it should
be peaceful church leaders are also
concerned over proposed legislation that
they fear could result in the state
being able to confiscate church land but
the sponsors of the bill say that
they're not trying to interfere with the
church and what it does with its own
property but only when their property is
sold to a third party here in Israel
properties belonging to churches
synagogues and mosques are not taxed
it's far from clear how the situation
will resolve itself coming as it does
just weeks before Easter policy our arty
Jerusalem
