al-nusra terrorists have shelled a
humanitarian corridor which was just
opened hours ago in a Damascus suburb
now this was established to allow
civilians to leave the war ravaged
district of Eastern guter here are the
latest pictures of the humanitarian
corridor the Russian military says
civilians are being prevented from using
it by the shelling now Eastern goota is
located just outside the Syrian capital
it's been occupied by various rebel and
militant groups now for the past few
years we're talking about this region
here and the violence there recently
escalated with both sides accusing each
other of targeting civilians the new
humanitarian corridor set up by Russia
is located right here by the alwah Deen
camp now the humanitarian efforts to
provide safe passage for those desperate
to escape are being coordinated with the
Syrian Red Crescent buses ambulances are
there all on standby to evacuate
civilians from the embattled area a
people inside the rebel enclaves are
being notified about the location of the
corridor aveer leaflets or text alerts
and even megaphone announcements and we
understand first aid points have been
set up near the exit to help those in
need of urgent of medical assistance
however despite these efforts it is
feared civilians will be prevented by
the rebels from leaving the war zone as
marathas DF explains civilians are dying
they're dying from rebel shells from
government bombs from bullets shrapnel
and crossfire in Damascus and in East
gouta the UN ceasefire is dead on
arrival no one stopped shooting
so the Syrians are trying their own way
humanitarian corridors backed by Russia
thousands of these leaflets are being
dropped over East gouta by Syrian
helicopters their instructions for
civilians on how to get out of the war
zone maps with arrows follow them if you
dare women of all ages and children
reportedly continued to be forbidden by
local armed groups from leaving the area
for
security reasons they've done it before
in Aleppo Islamist rebels wouldn't let
anyone out they shot at civilians trying
to flee to government-held areas they
shelled humanitarian crossings and if
you made it out that punish your
relatives same story in Goethe this is
been going on for years the evidence
indicates that non-state armed groups in
eastern Goethe and in particular Jaysh
al-islam are also responsible for
inflating the price of food and other
basic necessities they're arbitrarily
restricting the movement of civilians
wishing to leave and abducting and
arbitrarily detaining people you'd think
this is important right
all those pundits and activists
screaming about Goethe and not once have
they asked the pertinent question do not
have enough yet at the fuck we welcome
to the Security Council's decision
regarding a ceasefire because of the
burden on our families in Eastern Goethe
their suffering must be lifted we
welcome to the decision to stop the
bloodshed caused by the regime in
eastern Goethe Forman the alarm when the
regime is not abiding by the UN
resolution
I cannot stand still and watch and not
defend myself and our families in Goethe
why are they still there despite their
access to the spokesperson of the army
of Islam the jihadist group that holds
East gouta they have not asked him why
his group is blocking women and kids
from leaving a war zone it's good press
for him to stand there and complain that
innocents are dying while a meeting that
they're dying because his own rebel
fighters won't let them leave the armed
groups inside is Goethe will not allow
those people to leave simply because
they know they will be the next target
after that and it will deprive them from
a very strong media arm because those
civilians the death among the civilian
actually created a sympathy all over the
Middle East and all over the world
I think human are used as you know a
propaganda tools and this bloody war in
Syria so with it will continue I don't
believe it will stop about definitely
this corridor human humanitarian
corridor actually could reduce that
human casualties among those people the
corridor will be open until 2 p.m. local
time and then reopen again the next
morning a her on RT will keep you fully
updated on the situation in East gouta
