Russia says it's setting up humanitarian
corridors in the Syrian enclave of
eastern gooses to allow civilians to
leave the war ravaged district eastern
Goethe is located just outside the
capital Damascus and has been occupied
by various rebel and terror groups for
years violence has recently escalated
there with both sides exchanging fire
and accusing each other of targeting
civilians Moscow now says and it was
establish a humanitarian corridor and
launched daily five-hour pauses to
provide aid to people in territories
occupied by the militants well the UN
had also said it will use the
opportunity to help civilians 5 hours is
better than no hours but we would like
to see any cessation of hostility
extended 30 days as the Security Council
had said but we will effort to do
whatever we can within the time that
we're able to work well earlier the UN
Security Council unanimously approved a
resolution calling for a nationwide
ceasefire across Syria this was done to
enable humanitarian access and to
evacuate injured civilians but despite
the establishment of humanitarian
corridors it's not clear if militants
occupying eastern guter will let anyone
out as artis Murad gazia explains
resolution 24:01 which called for a pand
Syrian ceasefire without delay so far is
a dud everyone is interpreting it in
ways that suit them radical Islamists
terrorists ignore it Jaysh al-islam the
army of Islam has not stopped shelling
Damascus dozens of casualties over the
last few days alone the Syrian army says
it has the right to defend itself
against extremists until the shelling
ends citing a clause that excludes
terrorists from this resolution but even
then if you talk to Syrians there's not
all that much enthusiasm for this
ceasefire this truce is similar to the
others and we will see it being violated
this is the same old story and we are
the ones who end up being harmed don't
you see the children old people women
and students who should we feel sorry
for for these rebels we are tired of
shelling every day about 30 to 40 shells
poll here I am against the truth because
it only benefits the rebels I hope that
it will be over soon and that no gunmen
remain there but it's not only rebels
and terrorists in East guta it's also
civilians Russia has announced the
establishment of humanitarian corridors
by which people can leave East guta it
says the Syrian army will abide by a
limited unilateral ceasefire to allow
civilians to leave if they can rebels
Islamists in Goethe which include
al-qaeda have bad civilians from leaving
the Enclave for years according to
Amnesty International and others and
reportedly they are still doing so we're
talking here about the same rebels who
caged women on roofs as human shields
against air strikes so no surprise it
isn't just damascus and east guta that
are burning its Afrin in northern Syria
to Turkey
which says it is exempt from this
ceasefire because it is carrying out an
operation fighting the YPG Syrian Kurds
whom it calls terrorists it says it
won't stop its operation when we look at
the UN Security Council resolution we
see that fight against terror
organizations is outside its scope
therefore it will not affect turkeys
ongoing operation thousands have died
over the last month of turkeys incursion
Turkish president
edwin has said this ceasefire has failed
at this point resolution 24:01 looks
dead on arrival my colleague Neil Harvey
spoke with author Abdul Bari at one who
says it's too early to judge the effect
of
humanitarian pauses it is very very you
know premature to tell actually what
will happen but I believe this if that
people responded
if the civilian were allowed to leave is
good ought to leave the fighting areas
definitely this will reduce the human
casualties among those people russia's
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has
climbed that there's a disinformation
campaign underway he says it's targeting
the Syrian government first of all it's
want to hear exactly the words of Lavrov
possibly choose fake reports are being
planted in the media about chlorine
allegedly used in eastern Goethe news
outlets are citing an anonymous source
from the US let me remind you we've been
warning about such fake stories since
yesterday and there will be more such
stories from social media from the white
helmets a provocative organisation with
a history of fake reports especially
when it comes to chemical attacks for
which there is no evidence so these
provocations will continue with a single
goal to blacken the Syrian government
accusing it of all sorts of violations
so we've seen in the worldwide media
claims of hundreds of civilian deaths
some reports of chemical weapons being
used what do you think of what Sergey
Lavrov has said there is the mainstream
media being balanced in its coverage
definitely there is a deliberate
campaign I noticed for example as a
journalist that there is no mention at
all of the victims and the other side
nobody mentioned or talked about shells
you know conch shells of certain
quarters of the capital Damascus
