hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter LaBelle
are you confused by Washington Syria
policy rest assured you're not alone
Trump says one thing while his generals
do otherwise also brinksmanship with
North Korea isn't working and why moving
the US Embassy to Jerusalem is still a
bad idea
Krauss sucking some real news i'm joined
by my guest mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have Alex Christopher oh
he's the director and writer for the
duran calm and we have Dimitri Bobbitt
she's a political analyst with Sputnik
International alright gentleman
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate it
mark let's first go to this
authorization for the use of military
force the Pentagon says it doesn't need
any kind of authorization because the
authorization that the US government
gave to the military to intervene in
Iraq still holds though Isis didn't
exist in 2003 under international law
this is just a blatant violation there
is no there is no United Nations
Security Council resolution the country
involved Syria has not requested for
help now on top of it you you have a
military presence in a country where you
possibly could go into a military
conflict with another mate and NATO
country Turkey and of course it's a face
down with Russia is this authorization
issue important or not of course it's
important first of all there of course
there is no UN Security Council
authorization for the u.s. to be in
Syria they're there they're in defiance
of the Syrian UN recognized Syrian
government that wants them to leave that
there is obvious they're partitioning
the country but when is the u.s. ever
cared about international law so that
doesn't even appear in the US media yeah
you never hear about it right but we get
to the issue that is also still barely
covered which is is the u.s. legality of
the war in in Syria of the war on Syria
and it's done under the 2001 2003
authorization of the use of military
force for Iraq against al-qaeda which is
still being used by the United States to
justify its presence in military
conflicts all of this is a justification
Alex for endless wars thinking they say
that they have the authorization you
just move the goalposts as it were and
say this is what covers it okay I
suppose it'll apply to Yemen in Somalia
and when those
it is okay so I mean you know it's um
it's already a justification and it
doesn't matter the circumstances it was
done once and it applies to the entire
region yeah get that Obama is the person
that ramped up the the US presence in
Syria and so the justification was to
fight al Qaeda then Obama comes and he
supports in aids al Qaeda Isis springs
up out of out of al Qaeda and now Trump
in his generals and I won't even say
Trump I would say the generals that are
running the show there you know you know
where I'm going now using it as excuse
to have US troops permanently based in
Syria and Alexandria curse would are
very good pieces around about this
explaining that this is really the
United States has Plan C option and and
no one's talking about the u.s. plan C
which is actually derived from its
McMasters that many people think is the
person that's pushing the u.s. permanent
presence in Syria more out of spite than
anything else so this is a situation you
have a country that's not wanted not
invited like marks that no one no wonder
there's no international Security
Council resolution nothing for the u.s.
to be there but there they are
and they're not going to leave you know
T we had Trump when he was a speaking
publicly at a press conference quote get
Isis and go home okay let me give the
whole thing there were there for one
reason to get rid of Isis and get rid of
Isis and go home but his generals I
think is we've been saying for weeks if
not months on this program say something
very different very Tom sprang from 2001
it was the attack against the United
States you know the planes that was when
this initial Authority she was given it
was anyway so 2001 let me remind you out
of 19 terrorists who participated in
that terrorist acts 15 were Saudis there
was not a single Syrian not a
singularity
not a single Libyan but because of this
event the United States intervened in
Libya in in Iraq in Syria now they say
that if the government troops get too
close to them in Syria they're going
self-defense
to attack them and that's a second the
next level of legal regime change
depends because several buildings were
destroyed in the United States back in
2001 by the people who were not citizens
of Syria but who somehow lived in the
same region who actually were citizens
of a country that is our ly and we just
saw them one hundred billion dollars
worth of weapons but that's not
important what is important is that it
happened in 2001 and now we can kill
anyone who gets close to us in Syria
right Syrians get close to the US
soldiers in Syria it's health defense
that's like Russia moving troops within
its own border and it's called a
provocation you know mark one of the
interesting from a media point of view
is it anytime Trump says something equal
to go lies as the liberal media likes to
say this is a perfect example of saying
something that has nothing to do with
policy but nobody says a word a word
it's remarkable how the mainstream
liberal media they won't jump on this
they'll jump on just about anything else
as long as the neocon agenda is moved
forward he can quote unquote lie all he
wants there because there is no
opposition and either the US you know
political elite or within the media
elite they are all cheer leading us
regime change efforts that now
transitioning to partition efforts in
Syria they all back it there's there's
no objection even if Trump is doing it
in fact that's the few minutes that he
actually gets some temporary plaudits
know when he does take overt military
action there I thought it was a little
funny this week to see Tim Kaine the
Democratic senator questioned the Trump
administration's legal authority to be
there well he's using the exact same
authority that Obama used to be there
that Clinton's support it used to be
there so Tim Kane's objections come off
as more than a little part ISM you know
and my first question to you why is it
important Alex um it is really really
important because what we had on
as a backdrop of the Pentagon Papers in
1971 about us behavior and Indochina and
I rank everyone here by age but I
remember the talk of the imperial
presidency where the president has the
right to do on a whim like we saw the
missile strikes I think in April the
Trump conducted against Syria this is
what I find really quite disturbing
because we don't we yeah exactly but you
know you have Congress you know when
it's trying to use the claw hand cling
on to hits its authorities when it came
to foreign policy now they're just
giving it away and for Democrats and
liberals this is very strange they're
the ones that wanted accountability from
the imperial presidency but they're only
adding fuel to this and the Congress has
essentially walked away from its
obligations when it comes to foreign
policy as Mark said there's no debate
about any of these issues and the issues
of war and peace could not be more
important let's not forget going back to
when Trump did send missiles on to the
air base in Syria the first mainstream
media beautiful missiles beautiful
missiles Brian Williams CNN said he
finally became president this is the day
when Trump became president starting
Zakaria said so you have this when it
comes to war this is not a partisan
issue is this important to think first
of all Congress has completely abrogated
its authority its constitutional
authority to declare war the president
the executive offices by the
Constitution does not have that power
Congress for decades now has refused to
take that power back why because it's in
pursuit of us to Germany their own
support of it but Congress has tried to
take foreign policy powers that they
don't have and this was that Russia
comes to mind with the sanctions against
us enemies Russia Iran and others where
they tried to force so the Trump
administration to their vision of
foreign policy which is economic war
against let's not forget that Obama
wanted to invade Syria and he went to
Congress to try to invasion Congress
would have gone for it but the American
people did not have a NAPA just like in
practice now
just like it happened in Britain I still
win it and Obama still Bob Suter to the
point where there was no more bombs left
slowly trickle the troops into where we
are today
and I've said before mark you know once
you get boots on the ground it's hard
they'd like to stay here you know but
Dima add to all of this I mean the the
military now has been given probably
more money that it can impossibly spend
and again a bi-partisan for such a
contentious political environment give
the military more money okay this is a
recipe for absolute disaster it's true
because the US military budget now is
over seven hundred billion dollars and
let's not include war it does include
and I'd like to point out to our viewers
here is that there was an original
budget and then there was an increase
that increase is as much is what Russia
spends on defense in a year Russia
spends between sixty and seventy billion
in its best years which is less than
Saudi Arabia which is which is twenty
seven percent of what NATO's European
allies spend on their defense is the
u.s. so Russia which spends four times
less than the European allies on NATO
defense is so dangerous it's moving its
troops inside its own borders it's
creating a new threat of war in Europe
that's the logic that we get from from
the newspapers not only in the United
States but also you don't see too many
Russian warships in the Great Lakes do
you correct me if I'm wrong there but
they go they do go to the Black Sea
Netflix and the Baltic Sea right next to
st. Petersburg
I think Alex brought up a really good
point before and this is about the
nature of al Qaeda in Syria I wouldn't
say that Isis came from al Qaeda it had
kind of its own roots in the US
occupation of Iraq and then spread into
Syria the number of Balthus and others
who were imprisoned by the by US
authorities tortured there and ends and
so not that that's any kind of
justification for what Isis became but
it then spread into Syria and at times
they were allied with both the US backed
Syrian army and with al Qaeda such as
when East Aleppo was taken but all
through this this conflict while the US
government was maintaining their fiction
pruning Isis where they wanted to and
letting it go when it came up against
government areas they have never fought
al Qaeda in Syria in fact hold they have
hold that thought we're gonna go to a
short break and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on some
real news stay with Archy welcome back
to crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter Lebel to remind you
we're discussing some real news
okay Michael let's go back to you right
before another break you were finishing
up a point the US has never really
fought al Qaeda in Syria to fight to UN
Security Council resolutions demanding
that Isis and al Qaeda and anyone who
associates it with it and this is the
problem is that the US and Western media
has painfully admitted to it although
they then immediately disregarded that
the US has illegally armed trained and
salaried sectarian militants that are
literally allied and embedded within a
much larger al-qaeda for years and this
was done primarily under Obama trump has
supposedly stopped this policy but
they're using an authorization of use of
military force against Al Qaeda for
their presence in inter-party in Syria
when the US has literally been aiding al
Qaeda in Syria had nothing to do with
okay go ahead new material that we had
last week about the bombardment of East
guta you know civilians dying there
while poor moderate Islamists are
defending the southwestern part of it
well let me remind you that in 2009 in
the beginning of 2009 Israel started
Operation Cast Lead in a totally similar
situation four people killed by Hamas
missiles from Gaza four people were
killed in Damascus the day before the
start of the bombardment by the missiles
coming from his Goethe well Israel
during that operation killed at least
100 sorry 1166 civilians 250 out of them
children and that's not Russian press
reporting it that's the Guardian citing
sources in the international
humanitarian organizations and Israel
was trying to decimate the military
structure of Hamas well Hamas compared
to the Islamists it an instant good is a
company of Sunday school boys you know
Hamas is a Palestinian branch of Muslim
Brotherhood basically the organization
that was supposed to oust mr. mr. Assad
with American aid in the beginning of
all of this yes now then
a lot more radical organizations took
over as it could be expected in Syria
and and no one is saying you know Israel
should be punished for what it did in
2009 even though the Syrian count is
doing exactly the same thing on its own
territory you know the interesting thing
I've said this before Alex you know in
everything we've said right here and
what the media is coverage when it does
coverage cover these things which is
very little Syria is not even treated as
a sovereign country it's like a doormat
that everybody walks on okay and I think
thing again the way I started out this
program about authorizations the use
military force
you know the culinary is sovereignty and
this is what really has to be recognized
but for by our viewers I mean Russia is
there by invitation by this legitimate
Syrian government as is Iran and this is
the crux of the whole thing we have a
president that appears to be appears to
me at least asleep at the wheel he
doesn't know what his generals are doing
he doesn't understand the policy he
makes himself feel good by giving them
all the money that they want but you
know Syria is ignored as a sovereign
state yes it's rarely reported on and
what it is reported on it's exactly as
you say it's seen as if the US has a
right to be there and that the US should
be governing in Damascus you know what
is Assad doing there when the Americans
should be there running the country and
that's the position that's presented or
Israel or is it on whether it's MSNBC or
Fox Saudi Arabia or turkey I mean funny
P you want a topic that both of these
networks agree on
it's how the US has the right to be in
Syria but going back to the point of
money given to trump I think it's I
think it's extremely hilarious that you
have the one part of the US that's
demonizing Trump and saying he's crazy
as a madman but then they give him seven
hundred billion exactly as madman with
this huge military budget and huge
spying apparatus it's a risk-free
operation for their warlike ideology
that is ruling in the u.s. right now
because if Trump goes into real mess
there if there is a real war nuclear war
they would say the Russians put human
power he's crazy and that's why he was a
hundred billion
there's no reason why they wouldn't say
it eventually the media has so culpable
in this demon used the word hysterical
and then this is actually the word that
the Western press this used this week
they described hysterical violence
rather than the hysterical propaganda
they were putting out we saw in the
Washington Post
Louisa Lovelock and and Liz sly put out
a piece like we have never seen violence
like this except for a few months ago
when the US was bombing muscle and
anybody Fallujah please please we're 200
also 200 civilians were supposedly
killed in one day but we're not worried
about it when the US does it Robert Fisk
writing pointed out very well that we
have such a lopsided view of what's
going on in places like East guta
because on one hand the journalists
refused to acknowledge who was down
there and an East guta is controlled by
by four rebel groups as they continue
whichever al Qaeda al nusra a harem
which is an al Qaeda jihad a splinter
group Jaish al-islam the army of Islam
which are saudi-backed jihadis and
firearm on which are a previously u.s.
armed Free Syrian Army group given to
weapons that are allied with al Qaeda
and Robert Fisk points out that the
reason why we have such lopsided view
everything comes from these jihadists
own propaganda because if any Western
journalist dared show those heads their
heads while in an area controlled by we
know what would happen just like in East
Aleppo they would lose their heads let's
talk about another very dangerous story
let's go to North Korea the games are
moving along and we had some kind of far
I wouldn't say BER approach mall between
the two Koreas but certainly lowering of
tensions but the President of the United
States warns about stage two which what
would be you know what did he put it to
Trump vows largest ever North Korea
sanctions threatens ominous phase
to lustre Bluff oh it's the art of the
deal isn't it the great negotiator again
I don't know I haven't read the book but
that's the content press press
conference with the Australian Prime
Minister I believe in Arma sudden in the
middle of this press conference he
throws out this ominous warning that
it's going to move into some you know
second stage if if the the more brutal
sanctions that they've imposed once
again on North Korea and any ships or
vessels operating with here any trade
well any kind of what happen to any kind
of sanctions now essentially are gonna
be directed against China okay
that's because they've already gone down
the path of the sanctions here it seems
to me that again Trump paints himself
into a corner
it gives the North Koreans more tools in
their toolbox and it really what it does
is it you know if Trump wants to show
that he's a man of his word then we'll
have World War three that's not a very
good thought to think about well I would
look at it in the like perspective in
2008 the u.s. Beck Georgian President
Saakashvili started the war in Georgia
all the first day of the Olympics in
South Ossetia in South Ossetia taken
South Ossetia in 2014 during the Olympic
Games in Sochi the us-backed
nationalists in Kiev basically it staged
the violent coup in Kiev this time they
moved it to the end of the games right
in the end of the games we hear about
unheard-of new sanctions so it looks
like for the neoliberals the Olympic
Games is not a time for peace it's a
time for a sustained attack when no one
is paying attention they did it in the
beginning they did it in the middle now
they do it in the end of the games but
it's always a time for action not which
it shouldn't South be more worried now
mark I mean because that's the obvious
conclusion I mean like I said I wouldn't
use reproach mount there's still a lot
of issues right there but the fact that
they're talking that's a beginning of
something and if that's where we're at
right now we should continue that if the
Koreans north and south want to talk to
each other and they want to talk peace
let them III think that this is a sign
of bluster and it's also a sign of
desperation yeah this is the neo cons in
the US speaking
through Trampas as a finger puppet
furious that the North Koreans and South
Koreans are talking to each other and
have a joint Olympic team in in Seoul
for this Winter Olympics and they are
expressing their outrage with this bluff
and bluster at least we hope it's all
Bluffs that bluster because there's a it
was actually a very good piece and
foreign policy a few weeks ago saying
that the a war a US war on North Korea
is it wouldn't be as bad as you think it
would be much much much worse and if
anyone want to see the horrors the the
millions of South Korean casualties that
would ensue when it's completely
unnecessary and South Korea is doing
exactly what they need to do which is
brush the u.s. to the side get these
wartmongers out of the way and and
seeking peace on their own terms and and
no matter what the US screams and
everything that North Korea is not going
to denuclearize until the US military
threat to them is where we could come
into a situation a invented situation
Alex where there's a security crisis in
South Korea and broken exactly and but
if something like that is invoked then
the entire South Korean military is
under the command of an American
four-star general they this is you know
South Korea is a country of limited
sovereignty when it comes to its defense
and security it's like Japan just like
Japan here and in its a Senate I think
it was already mentioned here you know
the United States is acting as a spoiler
in Syria they act as a spoiler in their
alliances in the Pacific yeah much of
the narrative is that you know North
Korea is trying to drive a wedge between
the u.s. and South Korea that's the
narrative that you hear on the
mainstream media in the u.s. two
civilizations that have been together
for four millennia
and the worst part about that the bad
optics about this that Trump is making
the statement during the Olympics in
South Korea and it just looks so petty
and so poor especially when you had Mike
Pence wasn't standing for the for the
team that's that's you know joint team
he
to bother to stand for it and show some
respect then you have Trump coming out
with this comment during the games all
this is happening at a time when we
should we should look forward to the two
teams working together that there's
dialogue between the two countries and
they have an Olympic Games in South
Korea they should move the ball forward
not move it back tear along if there is
if there is a lesson that this Olympic
Games have taught us that is that
appeasement doesn't work with the United
States and with the European Union
because okay North Korea agreed to have
a joint team with South Korea did anyone
notice that it was hard for them
actually right after the civil war in
1853 after half of a century of very bad
confrontation right but still they did
it and what do they get in return you
know the US officials even although you
don't email will end on this one because
they have so much to lose that's why
they're doing not the United States all
right that's all the time we have
gentlemen many thanks to my guests here
in Moscow this is the end of our
broadcast segment stay with us for the
extended version on our YouTube channel
see you next time and remember stock
rolls
now for the extended version version of
our program we have political potpourri
I'll I'll start out here we have news
now that the US will move its embassy
from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem it's going to
be in May to mark the 70th anniversary
of the birth of Israel which of course
is ruffled quite a few feathers in the
region it did then and it's doing now I
still think it's it's a it's a dangerous
move
it's very unilateral and I think the
u.s. underestimates how the Arab Street
as it were reacts to that go ahead not
only the Arab Street I would say all of
Europe South Africa actually I read is
cutting all ties now with with Israel
Israel is happy the u.s. is happy the
rest of the world is extremely upset
Israel is so happy that there even
started minting a trump coin with his
face on the coin to commemorate the
event you know what can you say you have
you have two countries now that are
going to be you know acting completely
unilaterally they're not taking anyone's
advice anyone's attempt to even consult
them into consideration this is is this
an opening for Russia to to be what's
called a fair broker I mean in the
Palestine Israel complex it's it may not
be exactly the opening for Russia but
for the u.s. it's closing right closing
a lot of doors that had been open for
for many decades I'm sure that even in
Israel there are a lot of sensible
people who understand that this is a
dangerous move who were perfectly happy
with their you know the situation over
the euro Capitol in in Tel Aviv and de
facto capital in Jerusalem but look I
mean what happened during the last week
was so terrible I mean for the first
time since 1930s since the Holocaust
we had a prohibition for a whole group
of people to identify themselves as
their nation you know we had a
prohibition for the Russian at least to
show even their medals you know the
so-called Olympic athletes from Russia
could not show even their medals in
Pyeongchang so but when we see the
return of all of these terrible things
the narrative the usual narrative
you know forgive Israel that have such a
bad terrible history tragic history it
simply stops to work because we see the
new dangers and we see the new
discrimination just as we said in the
beginning of the program I mean again
it's just this callous disregard for
international law I mean there are
multiple United Nations Security Council
so murky waters ahead there change gears
go ahead and work well my biggest
takeaway optic this that this week was
Matthew chance for CNN we did that I was
talked earlier literally dumpster diving
in st. Petersburg trying to find Russian
troll rash chasing trash if you just
google CNN dumpster diving watch it it's
hilarious it's hilarious more
importantly though what's happening in
Afrin Syria this is a Kurdish controlled
controlled Canton independent from the
us-backed Kurds in northwestern Syria
that is under assault by a Turkish
invasion force along with their grab bag
of jihadi and Islamist proxies doing the
cannon fodder and a troll and assha Lee
a Russian small peacekeeping contingent
was moved out when the Kurds there
refused to accept the Syrian
government's conditions I spoke about it
earlier on the show I said that I really
wish some compromise could have been
reached
there were maximalist minimalist demands
well now that agreement has evidently
been reached even though it hasn't been
formally announced because Syrian
government militia Shiite militias the
National Defense Forces of two towns
that had previously been helped by the
Kurds when they were attacked by jihadis
they have come to the aid of the of the
Kurds against the very same people that
form turkeys vanguard there and this is
a very significant step because it's Sri
it's the Syrian government restoring
some degree of authority over this Afrin
Kurdish captain
it further alienate the u.s. from their
Kurdish allies the u.s. from Turkey and
it calls into question the relations
between the Turkish government Russia
and Syria there it's a very dangerous
confrontation Oregon has been shelling
the Syrian government forces as they try
to come to the aid of the Kurds and it
still continues to be a very dangerous
situation we don't know whether Iran is
going to back down we're gonna see which
way it's on your mind Alex well the
first thing I want to say is that going
back to the Olympics very quickly is
that Russia got the gold medal in hockey
they also got the gold medal in women's
figure skating I think it's credible
it's an incredible poke in the eye to
the Olympic Committee and and what I
what I think is too into the US and to
the extreme unfairness and some would
even say bigoted way they've been
treating the Russian athletes in the
Olympics but they got the two most
important battles I think this deal will
be banned from showing the flag the
country that won the gold in cookie will
not showing will be showing scholars
congratulations to the Russian men's
hockey team but also kudos to the
Germans for really upping their game
this is their first medal in winter ice
hockey they came out of nowhere
and they would have thought markets I'm
also congratulating the Germans right it
seems to me I guess we'll find out you
know historians will tell us but it's
it's certainly degrading the Olympic
tradition because I don't see any this
trajectory changing I mean if there's no
real evidence to show doping and you
still can do this so what's the we can
expect this to happen again if you don't
you know it's evidence free we live in
an evidence free news environment is
it's just it's just an ideology is a his
team would always be politicized I think
you see the the viewership sand the
ratings for the Olympics they've dropped
significantly since Sochi and I think
people are starting to get turned off to
a politicized Olympic Games you can't
have the Olympics without Russia which
is one of the one of the greatest winter
sports winter sports teams out there and
I think
prove that once again under an extremely
difficult situation to compete in the
games with all the restrictions that
have been placed on them they did do an
extreme you know with an average Russian
saying about all this well I would say
that the policy of appeasing the United
States and the you own even though the
Olympics has failed I mean Russia did
everything that they wanted us to do we
agreed that we had a doping problem you
know a lot of officials were fired
whether we were not allowed to I still
do have to wear the national colours
during the opening ceremony they did
everything and and all that was done in
order to be able to show our covers at
the closing ceremony that was promised
if we behave we will get it and we
didn't get it and they took the decision
a few hours before equality has a
different question here
you said the Russians were were
appeasing the US and the Olympic
Committee yes would it happen again I
mean I I have to wonder is it really
worth it if it's really with me as Alex
you know yeah ratings are down there's
it's seen as politicized well I put so
much time money and effort into
something well that you know itself
adamantly being destroyed we've got the
World Cup coming up internally
internally the effect was the opposite
to the one desired by the perpetrator so
at all because they thought that
Russians will be angry with Putin for
for this argument never were angry with
IO C and and with water for basically
you know mistreating a few hundreds of
young people who had the right to
compete this has come from okay it's
very historical precedent you get to get
the people so angry they overthrow I
mean I don't it doesn't work that way I
mean they they seem to think it'll
happen in Iran it doesn't happen I think
I can explain there is a fundamental
misunderstanding between by those who
are deemed Russia experts both within
the blob the foreign policy commentary
and academia
and the host of of Russian liberal self
exiles living in the West and of course
the neo cons themselves they continually
fail to misunderstand Russia and the
Russian people their support for the
president and they they think if they
just make Russians lives miserable
enough either through economic sanctions
or or international humiliation at the
Olympics and so on that that they can
drive a wedge between the Russian people
and their elected leader but it has my
first hat always has the opposite effect
and just like us continued policy with
sanctions with regime changes they keep
doubling down on a failed policy they
continually keep doing it again it's
madness they can they refuse an edition
of madness they refuse to learn from
their mistakes you know a fake ideology
has fake science behind it you know just
this week the Amnesty International
issued a report on the situation of
human rights in the world and what are
the main threats hate speech from
President Putin and president Trump was
it Putin who called the UK a hostile
nation no it was there is a me who
called Russia hostile nation however
Putin is accused of hate speech then I
read in this report minutes of people
around the world are suffering from the
policy based on demonization I thought
now they were to start talking about
demonization of potent emulation of us
no its demonization of Muslim rebels in
the Philippines its demonization of
their position in Venezuela and also
Chinese domination something right which
is over the previous prepares purveyors
of demonization liberal corporate media
that's that they're the ones that
specialized in it - save us who are the
greatest fighters for democracy
according to Amnesty International that
nitu movement and especially the woman
you know that live in it how long did
you spend reading this report about 30
minutes you wasted
never get those 30 minutes back don't
read that stuff okay don't know well
stern was one serious moment that I
liked you know so the main fight for
democracy is that woman the actors her
talent who had used George Herbert W
Bush the senior of sexually assaulting
her by touching her behind behind well
actually as an example you know well if
if if she tried she could kill wheel
chair personally if an old war monger
neocon war monger and a wheelchair grab
my ass I'd be a little upset by it too
okay mark but you probably wouldn't kill
them so we're gonna end this program
saying it's possible under some
circumstances Mark may be a member of
the me to movement well that's it for
our extended version of our program we
hope you enjoyed it we'll see you next
week and remember crosstalk rules
you
