California's Silicon Valley so into
progressive employers like tech giant's
Apple alphabets and Facebook and now
everyone in the US state will have to
keep in step after it made at the legal
requirement for at least one woman to
sit on the board of directors in every
company the law says it must happen by
the end of 2019 and that number has to
increase to three in the coming years
firms could also face fines of $100,000
or even more for not complying spin
long-awaited legislation for many the
bill though has provoked concern with
others the state's Chamber of Commerce
says it will prioritize gender over
other aspects of diversity creates
discrimination now against other people
in favor of women who might not even be
qualified I mean you're talking about
putting one woman in place there and now
we're having to mandate that where there
are many women in the workplace that
have been working hard so rather than
hoping for or encouraging in the
workplace there to be equal treatment of
women who do a good job now we're just
regulating and mandating it which is
undoubtedly going to cause anarchy in
the workplace is going to cause
dissension among people perhaps amongst
other women who have been working hard
wondering why this woman got chosen just
to meet a certain quota I think it's
absolutely ridiculous to suggest that
there is not a single woman qualified
for you know for the board of any public
company in California I think we all
know that there are loads of women who
are super well-qualified and the
question should be why haven't they been
appointed to those boards already why
have we put up with this outdated you
know white male boys club for so so long
I think there are lots of people on
boards in California and all over the
world who aren't qualified and I'm
afraid to say the vast majority of them
are men it only causes tension to grow
against women against the very party
that they're trying to eliminate
discrimination over and so that's going
to undoubtedly cause backfiring a lot
more animosity against women not just
from other men in the workplace who have
been working very hard but from other
women in the workplace who might not be
chosen to fit this one woman quota type
thing from women who aren't going to be
doing that and so you know it's causing
this such that it's really going against
it and it's going to continue to
backfire against that until we change
who we are intrinsically as Americans
in the workplace allowing equal rights
because they are deserving of it and not
because the law mandates absolutely
California should and will on the back
of the success of this legislation
add in further legislation that mandates
that there be a person of color on board
and then to people of color and so on
and so forth I think that's absolutely
these are not conflicting issues it
shouldn't be the case that women and
people of color who incidentally many
women are also people of color but we
shouldn't feel like there's a sort of
diversity spot and we all have to fight
for it we should feel like we're all
part of a movement that's working
towards better balance on boards and
working towards a future which actually
but web companies like this belong to
all of us not to a tiny you know pale
male and stale corporate elite which
unfortunately seems to be a sort of you
know a club which no one can break at
the moment
you
