Russian boy who was left stranded in
Iraqi territory previously held by
Islamic state has been brought back to
Russia to be reunited with relatives his
parents are believed to have traveled to
Iraq to join the terror group here in
Russia his grandparents are waiting for
him
Medina COTS Nava was at a Moscow Airport
when he arrived this is ie a three year
old boy who is coming back home from the
orphanage in Baghdad as happy has
finally going to see his family again
here at the Moscow Airport the child
looked tired and lost he was trying to
hide his face from all the cameras and
didn't respond to any questions or when
he was called by his name he doesn't
know what happened to his mother nor
does he remember his father is too small
to understand what happened to his
parents that small boy is traumatized
his missing one little finger on his
left hand an injury that he sustained
during a shaoling attack he spent over
five months in an orphanage while all
his documents were prepared for him to
be able to leave Iraq Sayid has a little
brother who's only one year old but his
fate is still unknown Moscow is not his
final destination his next step is
traveled to the city of Grozny where his
grandparents are waiting for him
we would hit or nasha walk what one
today this one David Meza Subaru what
words just Catalina video what turquoise
what does it there's been this
and I was like yo shedinja to tell
having a suit development you know was
wrong in there Oh Boober you want us
lowliest you sure yes
