starting off with what happened just
over an hour ago now Russian athletes
have won their second gold medal at the
Winter Olympics in South Korea the men's
ice hockey team beat Germany in a
gripping final they'd been neck and neck
right up to the end sending the match
into extra time in which the Russians
scored to clinch a 4-3 victory is the
first time in over 25 years that they've
reached the final the last one gold in
the ice hockey in 1992 also under the
neutral olympic flag while receiving
their award this time the Olympic anthem
was played but the team defiantly sang
the Russian anthem along with jubilant
fans despite a ban of the Russian flag
as well supporters were still seen
waving it during the match other
national symbols could also be seen in
the stands Russia the slits then have
won 17 medals in total as things stand
right now including two golds the other
figure skater Alina Ziggy tibur broke a
world record in the women's competition
winning the team's first gold her
teammate yevgenia Medvedev vertook the
silver it's the first time for both of
them at the games
