we start with breaking news world powers
have approved a 30-day humanitarian
ceasefire for Syria a resolution was
passed in a unanimous vote of the UN
Security Council headquarters in New
York well Cala Marvin is outside the UN
HQ with the latest firmware has been for
some time no calleb tell us what has
been agreed here if you will well the
resolution that was just passed after a
lot of negotiation calls for a 30-day
ceasefire now the meeting was convened
after much anticipation a long delay and
finally taking place the resolution was
put forward and it was unanimous all 15
countries voted for it now it calls for
a 30-day ceasefire but removed was the
stipulation that this ceasefire had to
take place within 72 hours and no longer
calls for an immediate ceasefire but the
resolution that was passed called for a
ceasefire without delay now this is
referring to the fighting in eastern
Goethe now this is an enclave east of
the Syrian capital of Damascus it's long
been a stronghold of rebels and
terrorist groups though it's been
surrounded by government forces since
2013 as the fighting there has
intensified there has been a lot of
civilian loss of life there have been
some very heated allegations being made
against the Syrian government and
against Russia now we have the the the
Russian Council for reconciliation in
Syria reporting that essentially the
area is being used to attack Damascus a
very densely populated area with 8
million civilians living in it it's
basically being used to launch attacks
in the past 24 hours we've had roughly
four people killed with 51 people being
injured by attacks launched against
Damascus from eastern gouda so at this
point the resolution was passed calling
for a 30 day ceasefire now after the
unanimous vote we then heard from
various countries we heard from nikki
Haley of the United States and she said
she doesn't believe the Syrian
government will actually comply with the
ceasefire
it is critical that the Assad regime and
its allies comply with our demand to
stop the assault on Eastern Goethe and
immediately allow food and medicine to
reach everyone who needs it all of us on
this council must do our part to press
the Assad regime as hard as we can to
comply
we are deeply skeptical that the regime
will comply but we supported this
resolution because we must demand
nothing less
now we also heard from the
representative of the Russian Federation
now he addressed the Security Council
and he emphasized that the fight against
terrorism is not affected by this
resolution that internationally
delegated terrorist groups groups like
al-nusrah Isis that the fight against
them is not restricted by this
resolution and that fight will continue
he also had some concerns about how the
fight against terrorism seemed to be
serving some other goals and this is
what he said to the council after the
unanimous vote the aim of battling
terrorism can't become a cover for
solving geopolitical problems of dubious
legitimacy and that is exactly what the
US is doing in Syria right now we insist
that the so called coalition and it's
attempts at occupation as soon as
possible
it would have among other things a clear
humanitarian effect now nikki Haley the
representative of the United States
walked out before the Syrian
representative could speak under UN
rules if resolution pertains to you all
countries have the right to address the
Security Council so when the
representative of the Syrian Arab
Republic Bashar Jafari got up to address
the council the US representative walked
out now in Nikki Haley's remarks she had
spoken about the plight of civilians in
eastern Goethe and now in his remarks
the Syrian ambassador talked about the
civilians in Damascus including medical
workers who are being killed in the
ongoing gun bombardment however nikki
Haley was not in the room to hear those
remarks now the Syrian ambassador said
that the ceasefire would be implemented
and that Syria would comply with it and
that furthermore the ceasefire would be
implemented in Afrin and in the
Golan Heights now the Syrian ambassador
he spoke and he pointed out that Syria
he argued was fully in its rights to
fight against terrorism on its own
territory
he said I'm like the United States which
has forces all over the world unlike the
UK or France countries that have
deployed forces throughout the world in
the name of fighting terrorism Syria is
only fighting terrorism within its own
borders he made that point very strongly
however you know the US ambassador
walked out and did not hear those
remarks now the resolution has been
passed on and it looks like there will
be a 30 day ceasefire in eastern gouda
and there will be a halt and the the
purpose of this halt is a humanitarian
pause of sorts so that civilians can
flee the area civilians or not now we've
heard from the from that that Russian
center for reconciliation in Syria
they've pointed out that one of the
problems that's been going on in the
fight is that terrorist forces in
eastern Gudda are preventing medical
assistance from getting to civilians
these terrorist forces are simply not
allowing the civilians in eastern gouda
to get medical assistance so this 30-day
ceasefire that was agreed on by all 15
members of the council is going to be
implemented throughout this entire tyre
conflict there has been agreement among
the different countries that the
civilian life in eastern gouda is
important civilians should not be killed
every effort should be made to protect
them however in the lead-up to long
disagreements about who's to blame for
the conflict and who's responsible for
civilians suffering but it looks like we
have we've been resolved and there has
been a unanimous resolution passed by
the body that leaves the United Nations
okay thanks very much for that update
Caleb - live from New York let's get
into the story further now discuss it
with Patrick Henningsen Patrick Hayes
editor of 21st century wire.com Patrick
welcome and the Russian envoi was quite
cautious about the deal saying Russia
quote supports the intentions behind the
document but that no ceasefire is
possible without agreement from warring
parties how optimistic are you I would
probably be in the same camp as the
Russian
it's hugely complex to try to organize a
deal as we've seen in past instances not
just in Damascus and around Goethe and a
Jobar but also in Aleppo is is probably
a better comparison so the problem is
the the West is is framing this in terms
of its the Syrians and the Russians
versus the civilians of Goethe but if
you're on the ground in Syria it the
reality is the resort this is a
terrorist faction that has or a group of
terrorist factions that have occupied
part of a major city and are hurling
mortars in every day multiple times a
day for the last three or four months
intensely we have thousands of civilians
in Damascus killed many injured so this
is terrorism but this is not the way
it's being framed by people like nikki
Haley in the Western coalition the hope
is that this will now last the the main
goal of the ceasefire is to allow
humanitarian aid into the conflict zones
but do you see any sign of agreement
between world powers on a long-term
resolution for the trouble country I
don't see I don't see any prospect for
that at all the problem is is because
these are absolute parallel universes
when it comes to viewing this conflict
so nikki Haley who is the ambassador to
the United Nations for the United States
she doesn't have a clue what's going on
in Syria
she only can repeat the briefing or the
memo that's given to her she repeats
that as her statement she clearly
doesn't know if she did see what was
actually going on she would see that
these are these are killers
basically holed up in a city keeping
residents from leaving it's been five
years now
so there are humanitarian corridors set
up but these residents who many of them
are families of these terrorists have
had opportunity to leave with their
children the fact that are keeping their
kids in their wives or their people
there that speaks volumes as to what
sort of people you're actually dealing
with there
and that is through the heart of the
problem powder can we just briefly
expand on what you said a moment or two
ago terrorist groups including allies
lol news right they're not included in
the ceasefire Russia has repeatedly
accused them of hiding in the civilian
population using them as human shields
so is there any real clarity here over
which areas can be targeted and which
cannot I imagine this is going to be a
bigger talking point in the coming days
no there's not clarity it's a it's
usually difficult look if the Syrian
government and the Russians were as a
ruthless as they're portrayed in the
West Syrian government could have gone
in all guns blazing four or five years
ago and it could have ended it but it
would have to to a huge civilian life a
cost so in Aleppo the same thing it was
a long drawn-out protracted a fair
back-and-forth and there was huge loss
of life on both sides but even more so
on West Aleppo and the government held
side which was being seeds with help
cannons for four or five years so this
is the same problem we're having Goethe
it could be a protracted long term thing
there well dug underground by the way
this is not spoken about in the Western
media these the terrorists have
sophisticated tunnel systems that go in
some cases almost all the way to the old
city this is a huge security risk as
well for Damascus so you know the United
States contingent has no idea what
they're talking about with regards to
the facts on the ground in Damascus let
alone anywhere else in Syria as the as
they were wrong in Aleppo they were
wrong again in Goethe the thoughts this
hour of Padraig Harrington editor of
21st century wired.com Patrick thanks as
always
