hate convoys to all areas in need and
immediate emergency medical evacuations
the UN convoys
and evacuation teams are ready to go mr.
president this draft resolution also
calls for the immediate lifting of
sieges or populated areas including
Eastern Goethe it reiterates its demand
reminding in particular the Syrian
authorities that all parties have an
obligation to act in accordance with
international law to protect civilians
and hospitals and other medical
facilities
this draft makes an exception for
military operations directed against
ISIL al-qaeda and al-nusra front and
other terrorist groups as designated by
the Security Council this does in no way
relieve the parties to the conflict in
Syria from upholding their obligations
under international law at all times
including the principle of distinction
proportionality and precaution
mr. president this draft resolution is
not a comprehensive peace deal on Syria
its aim is purely humanitarian there are
already ceasefire agreements in force
for the areas where fighting as asked
escalated the most they need to be
complied with there are existing
monitoring mechanisms that can be
utilized the role of this council is to
push the parties to the conflict to
comply with a proposed cessation of
hostilities in order to urgently enable
need alleviation of suffering for the
people of Syria if this resolution is
adopted today it can deescalate violence
save lives alleviate suffering and break
the deadlock on humanitarian access and
sieges since the first call for
cessation of hostilities the situation
has gotten dramatically worse
particularly in eastern gutte as we have
heard from the Secretary General and
from under secretary-general mark lo Kok
seven years of war and the situation for
innocent civilians in Syria has never
been worse but we have an opportunity to
turn things around today to avert the
disaster unfolding before our eyes the
resolution before you represents a
resolute and very urgent attempt for
this council to take decisive and mean
full action today we count on each and
every one of you to do the right thing
thank you very much mr. president
Ashville maneuver sua da baiana modulus
mr. Edley jour photo sweet Alama al
carro Ruth alley so a professional car
our little sweet georgia minimally
dimensional Corral worid filled with
iike s11 at the montage L AM your seat
or behind of ADM Letizia - Sweet Pea
kolache naal Mishra al-quran hamster ash
Sultan my Eden rot amid mishra al-quran
age marvelous filter our and fame or by
mere whoa
oddly on ebay on reddit the sweet the
savetti mama till L quit or Ananta
ideally medical home induce waited I'm
Nia baton and enact imaginary her doctor
are alien village ma Roberta move our
button the real our shot a Turkish horse
harmony alkalyn Kuwait was sweet Alabama
a article age mark Alejandro Ferreiro in
sunny L Homme we injected an MLP hudred
major sell em and Yahoo no more hidden
wait ahead death result what we what
jerez Allah while the hawa sorry her
beloved the he died yet entire card
limiter anemometer Hader hope you had a
solid ordinate Academy sugar Legionnaire
I do a lotta little sweet release Allah
al qura an elite alum and mattoliver I
co had the day stage a battle in Menasha
dot and which Tamara Dhoni Hama Hama le
a Whelan Mutallab a jameelah prob we
work for partner do not adhere pick up
that Minato Surya limited latina yeoman
knockin dhania a Samar the shackle for
either akihabeera Emily Angela would be
a shackle Armand were air mesh root
Matala bohemian a troth beat a serial
murderer
Armand una repeal the Armenian Phil
modular to be willin Sonny
Robbie on a table min jameelah professor
and Minato al mahalla become a PA beam a
fanatical group a Sharpie a national a
lot on our our term may be another our
live in Manhattan in sunny official
foreign well I can assure our teacher be
a little commonly ohm and modulus Vito G
here no motive Amin one more head lien
ha ha d him or not and in sunny or
Claremont idea Poland well Muhammad
Allah Akbar on here vermin 10 feet come
he battery Coletti Tami our water
Medellin pizzeria where he saw Tia judge
him will in sunny abhishek l 4e
in imam Anelka the infomercial Emily
Emily Hina in ha ha de and as Melissa we
Fe Surya Alethia Tara but it mom army
has sada Anelka rah-rah let the ultimate
Naomi TV apparel halal marketer elective
our analysis if you Surya who is sabili
llahi' the tour solitary a shaman
Elizabeth Littlefield Apollo Artemis URI
sherry
Wolfgang liqueur Arad missile aimed at
the syllabus shaken Hoss al carro al
pain within our bomb scene for Byun ji
namely arm and finish what I could do
little Kuwait we had asserted elaborate
there are said civil at or selective are
vena cava and modulus linen Tina
entertain a mesh or / are the teachers
wouldn't a haka Jessie male vocal and
son la diametral quit we don't want to
see Luke code of conduct a little
damaged more attacked a lady that I had
via do a la v√≠ctima de la Madame Electra
Alamos re al karate-lates at Delhi Dara
and boodle in sunny all about the
jam'iyyah
vajura ml hard rock a Dalek Damodar
fallen seal Mexican lady Tedrow l an
antenna and histogram had canard lv2
fear halwa jude until her courage a
simile her poker and son the law
communities are magnetar Haddad nerve it
tackle it with a period Geneva Protocol
Artie hello colonel ensign Ledo Lee
Rajat illuminance on ele arm al fey
noosa - not the rule in other word time
and Malmaison
in Sarnia be shuttling arm casa mafia
hula Musa other than in Sanya well
Martha Wilma sobbing well hood natal in
sunny or can her massage ah Elias Lee
alaihe happen at Alanis magnetic our our
metal Holly Elmo I see one more an art
el Kebir elevation
a Stefan and Mohammed the savetti race
and modulus we're at the al Khaimah
lemon do battle at imperative
Thank You mr. president and I want to
thank the pen holders both Sweden and
Kuwait for their work and their
sacrifice and their time in the
negotiations and as we go through
negotiations I think it's also important
that we bring this council some of the
voices of the Syrian people in eastern
Goethe who have suffered so much while
waiting for this Security Council to act
a doctor treating patients in a
makeshift hospital described the
condition she is facing quote we're
mental and emotional wrecks there's
nothing more we can do we are bled dry
in a haunting video the doctor walks
into a room with a crying mother as she
says quote I'm waiting for my son to die
at least he'll be free of pain I was
just making bread for him when the roof
fell in
he's going straight to heaven at least
in heaven there's food another message
we received yesterday that I think was
said to you in all of the close
consultations but I think it's important
to say it again was one that was an
emergency call from a doctor in eastern
Goethe quote we have a horrible
situation here we're being targeted with
all kinds of weapons non-stop we lack
everything water food medical supplies
shelter this is a disaster everyone is
just waiting to die today the Security
Council finally took a step toward
addressing these devastating levels of
human suffering in Syria the United
States wants nothing more than to see
the ceasefire in this resolution
implemented immediately across the
country it is critical that the Assad
regime and its allies comply with our
demand to stop the assault on Eastern
Goethe and immediately allow food and
medicine to reach everyone who needs it
all of us on this council must do our
part to press the Assad regime as hard
as we can to comply but we are late to
respond to this crisis very late on
Wednesday the secretary-general
made an emotional plea for an immediate
ceasefire in Syria to allow the very
basic necessities to get to the people
Kuwait and Sweden had a version of this
resolution ready to go for a vote but
Russia called for a delay on Thursday in
an effort to stall Russia called for an
open meeting on the humanitarian
situation in Syria at that meeting 14
members of this council were ready to
impose a ceasefire but Russia obstructed
the vote again and then yesterday this
council sat around for hours ready to
vote only to have Russia delay it again
every minute the council waited on
Russia the human suffering group getting
to a vote became a moral responsibility
for everyone but not for Russia not for
Syria not for Iran I have to ask why at
least 19 health facilities had been
bombed since Sunday 19 as they dragged
out the negotiation the bombs from
Assad's fighter jets continued to fall
in the three days it took us to adopt
this resolution how many mothers lost
their kids to the bombing and the
shelling how many more images did we
need to see of fathers holding their
dead children all for nothing because
here we are voting for a ceasefire that
could have saved lives days ago and
after all of this time hardly anything
has changed in the resolution except a
few words and some commas the Syrian
people should not have to die waiting
for Russia to organize their
instructions from Moscow or to discuss
it with the Syrians and why did the
council allow this there is no good
reason we shouldn't have done this
Wednesday or Thursday or Friday we may
not know the faces that we're talking
about we may not know their names or
these people but they know us and we all
failed them this week
I guess there is unity in that today
Russia has belatedly decided to join the
international consensus and accept the
need to call for a ceasefire but only
after trying every possible way to avoid
it
this resolution marks a moment of
council unity that we must cease and
maintain beyond the 30-day time frame we
hope this resolution will be a turning
point where Russia will join us in
pushing for the political settlement to
this conflict and take action to
re-establish real accountability for the
use of chemical weapons in Syria
progress starts by adhering to the
ceasefire with no excuses after so many
years of defying this councils demands
the Assad regime must change course none
of us should be so naive as to accept
that the Assad regime can continue
indiscriminately bombing schools
hospitals and homes under the fake
excuse of counter terrorism Assad's
bombing must stop the ceasefire must be
given a chance to work we look to the
Assad regime's backers especially Russia
and Iran to address what the
secretary-general rightly called a quote
hell on earth all eyes will now be on
the Syrian regime Iran and Russia our
goal with this resolution is clear the
Assad regime needs to stop its military
activities around Eastern goota and for
once allow humanitarian access to all of
those who need it we are deeply
skeptical that the regime will comply
but we supported this resolution because
we must demand nothing less we owe this
to the innocent people of Syria begging
for help in the days to come are
resolved to stand by our demands and
this resolution will be tested all of us
must rise to the challenge of
maintaining the ceasefire just as we
came together today all of us must do
everything we can to make the demands of
this resolution a reality it's the only
way
restore the credibility of this council
the Syrian people had been waiting long
enough
Thank You ash comin do but we
automatically Maserati al karima an
element do Brucie well there he was was
fighting in Seattle this podium bridge
that will possibly project not consulted
seafoody cateura
pedometer issues with donations to
delegate see demonstrable is green in
our students amidst imposed lasagna
zoster we blew the rim sorry it was a
posthumous the pin resolution eternal
resolute sebastian that is pin holder
was period of created see they knew Stan
you Celia streamlining the stitch
compromise the somatostatin Iranian
recipe develop the couscous Dead Sea
risky stolen conflicted creation
appreciative a register
RuPaul Nene running slow zone and the
governor misty night should the governor
abuti poop she gives karate used now
lenient littleness Guin eternal pulse
NASA territories 20 knots I know
technically minutes ago so an irresolute
see but a muslim in nearby generally
Zabadani directive nourish him namida no
host a nonlinear impressionable history
that has touched the littleness old
Rasta bottom usted taco vide neva
polymer DirecTV DirecTV bisque
encrypting the garage instead what I'll
do is see risk estar entre Cassini again
you know stupid
the quiet overnight receipt but who
touched any politician yet was the
winter macabre succeeding another stupid
NASA stop a table in a survey tab is a
past misty buttercream fellas can create
him with the Garonne estimate in the zoo
million well when I am the do much dose
was never possible in turn other results
regime stop see Elliott in the Venetian
Iraqi Buddha petals pass substitute V
diems to nectar is or business sponsor
in his occurs on the premiere of a new
series and Roboto is not employed
appointed in a proper any brigade so I
am a visit history as he remotely she
subsea mr. anima conflicted giveth she
was more than any animal is a substan
off-key Activa pomegranate robust
internal sadistic well show a beautiful
witness partner passed an in-school
process to Iran at all soon the end she
meets me guttering sequestration button
formaggi broncofusion ecology skeleton
allows the nipple Uzi my DS to certain
his chakra campus Linea Raymond the blue
diamond by Del Rio the pollution in the
presence to Detective is not see Laura's
on the go through resolutely to
covetousness to exist in ears proce
tranny aids and away any distillate if a
Jew job hot and new street drug easiest
and sulci desert sea approaches
terrorist risk a groupie rogue please
don't let the commissariat invisible
sister yet a very bubbly with pradosham
preserve I'm Erin Mills not report
Watney car do not see but an opposite
Tom Chesley series given blast a me
Renuka stiffness of Lydia name is not
know probably cloture was ready to very
negative akira toriyama tools necessary
silver which dearest Mina does not name
it's a Prakriti very shiny carefully any
gear politics kipapa so some little
melody chemistry
I had to touch him when you might see
just serious chef mr. towers to be Rasta
jet was not easy poeple receive
education a specialized school class oh
he was too plain he passes his City pass
all here you know voluminous he
witnessed a mascara clash eniac
opportunism a ship that was away McAllen
see story mailable said approach to
achieve a goon attorney effect at the
possible private his proceedings I need
suppose knowing him normally reason
enough see a consumer genetic generates
the territory Tom just a messy very he
was to externally liquid articles only
way as at one Miami buzzer at ton
refills but problems pyramid military
will not get a rope on the permanent
exhibit is huge to pause here Bataclan
nuestra means a cow it possible premium
Potemkin at the produce water Lagoon
autonomy resolution if Siri whilst
resolution president yet lost operatives
correct written of secretory City going
eternally didn't see as much as
materially but their diet revenues to
move CS poor Amanda militaries are valid
midgets in ski which Virginia School in
regular dance kbfd is big Alice as
denying deposits from the Syrian crayon
and is a cornucopia of key we recall
just a technician bullet shot
individuals believe it was key country
because receive any Nia granny to its
was pushed the Goethe idli boom whatever
odorous Nicolas Erica graduates negative
any pop adopts trio we became a Damascus
Katarina's Papa not supposed to
the knives - gonna tarnish it was a
series watching key role in tribal songs
ago Nomura class division so propaganda
skis scenarios Laura to achieve a
corporation included torch nest is at
least read confining cattle show me love
consider dishes not so good when he
couldn't activist if Scaparrotti
Passover Guinea was pushed to Aleppo now
does any money Tolkien was pushed in
booty no rat corrode Barnum parka fry
your muqam what which does not eve of
Sierra Leone Siri Rosario setting key
roots in my name is patty Erskine latest
novel instability or Iona could also
change the Mirren is really should I'm
attorney dismissed new signal and Kim
studied some cattle producers right
about slowly would suggest we not said
it was nonlinear a virgin on a very holy
dynamic abilities compensation there is
a pathetic series to the minute Army
private yet blessed in at the tissue is
immersed a good knee a granny - it's the
PTO suppose become coordinate our own
local bias categorize the city Russia to
injustice justo profiling against the
only part yerba that should cover really
ruin a Virginia was JC Lee their Shana
fat herbivorous go boku trivago
she is published means even imagine if
it's on Euclid Sasha was too passive
super overly aggressive producer
initially Trudeau president we need a
push him press one interpreter she talks
to bring the resolution treble
pre-credit rescue genetic visitors from
a rhetorical imitate of which it's a
whoops you seen a foreigner when you can
flip the city national resolution watts
to appreciated Soviet a better person to
ask Armando but if you had a lousy alibi
animal at the Kelly Monahan
men do transfer monsieur le pr√©sident
that horse salute reduction a unanimity
resolution that cut zero one key exists
in secession stdt saddle a longhorn
beetle it was area permit for personal
military they've actually Lissie Alexie
do population the negotiation where they
are do le monde what you can say on
shoes mal gorilla divergence that horse
elite level or not an aperitif humanity
set resolution acetyl or some stop al
ahead of about the know l evacuation
Iblis's it will show the view the more
for the immediate Syria practically
dollar guitar util as he/she polishing
the damask - pretty sure
Sugiyama shape look away tellus read
here on POTUS at resolution awake not
happy philosopher la tenacity hello
excellent Hawaii a sample veneer text
solid mr. president come no harp lyric
Fox melody D&E Lopez atomic homeless cat
in general the National Jeanne elite
operative eurozone the metric
immediate Matteo boom ba boom Oh dolly
guten tag I'd leave it alone some du
territoire Syria solutions Oh see the
lapel canoes McCullough president Macomb
era Chancellor Merkel on Teresa yarrow
President Putin dollar Katya log it WA
exigency of Sujit solutions the not
revert
eroded adoptions at resolution elf ready
for the truth Satan so tardif pass
edition medieval on control in Seville
Nala Goethe hotel yeah yeah
Michelle president new news item pompe
princess SEO des stdt Pardo in piranesi
Albert Andrew papa Metro sector
eliminated per hey Hodgins Vittal
McQueen toot
Henare a top seller a bronze minimal or
the mode repeated the national you need
a sectoral minute air elegido freedom
wobbly mom ii say particularly pala
phones yoga mat no Suseo regime the
Pharisee or a Sunday lay low Clara's
peddler cessation resistivity ro
reported to treatment excel assistance
humanitarian medical conformal text
Knievel Model T that particular Mulligan
due process with destiny
as she made of responsibility and for
the effective no for regime Syria
Lara complex stdt Laura steady Principi
regular bars did want a national minute
air he didn't allege oncology many tefa
yen on Cohen for some delay for personal
universe one
Shack minute to comment Kashuk minute
prefer best creative piano therapy
initial president began a therapy could
have worked that resolution rest a
little more support for extremity not
sure on some discipline valley portions
the portions ooh Michelle president I
serve on twos colossal fossil de mettre
term jihad LUMO Alec humanity a tower to
Allah stability on series a kelp aspirin
solution politics a proper exam
inaudibly defer from at home plus not
your own mannered keeper madhhab
processes political ad selection theory
I'll cut the process to de gen√®ve la
r√©solution order to the second kappa
la francaise pet a continued eat Hawaii
- PA avec Spartan air column on DJ
uncertain Salt Lake Region confrontation
regional voir Internacional
Selma measure some revenue overdose so
risk-weighted pretty asociado no don't
know Hassan bleed Conservancy Lefevre
Rolly poor Mad Hatter or cataclysmic
women etiology revenue allergies modicon
free it Whoville Ozma in solution
politic aggressive aussi le le travail
dorita Santa's disabled not regeneration
so education otra capacity uno emergent
America's education module president
so text each unit up potential more
important mess met David on Apollo
Buddha Sh'ma a new new param padam o la
predecease addressed affair alone Olaf
has reviewed real answers Audrey a doob
lapel porn a eat an apple immobilization
problem is on a road complete s Sun
daily dose at resolution or news even
Lapierre's
L is obstacles on par to say dearcome
yarmulkes more resolute a coordinator to
lemon de consejo security a crucial part
odd reason delays so litera
the disposition of not a poor lady
Uncle Mo Sinemet impossible toot nachos
√† toutes not energy de Alamos INAF
complete deceit resolution new 7 Windows
7 Castellano Marhaba assalamo Deborah
poor Lucy illegal understand Ludo je
m'appelle visit ELISA said prayer kamalu
ve for Brazil on vanarsdel a tragedy
Syrian a caring dynamic positive of you
de la politique inclusive Asiri
tell duet not home vision coming LLL
exist in lieu of display on so Santosh
Audrey dr. shawn stasiak semana ha Jill
como se
a vessel okoda shows malgr√© lima CT
the difficulty is holder on luggage
model of horse assassins of allah survey
a total gyro messy oscar module Forenza
and a banana and caramel and a lemon do
biblical Mota header Thank You mr.
president
the United Kingdom welcomes the adoption
of resolution 2401 and in particular we
applaud your work together with Sweden
as pen holders but this is not a moment
for self congratulation it's taken us
far too long to agree this resolution
while we have been arguing over commas
Assad's planes have been killing more
civilians in their homes and in their
hospitals imposing unbearable suffering
and despite the amount of time we have
spent in this chamber over many years
discussing the devastating humanitarian
crisis we have still not been able to
achieve the peace and security that the
Syrian people so desperately need as the
conflict enters its eighth year the
situation in eastern guter and elsewhere
in the country is far worse than we ever
thought imaginable the barbarity and
depravity of the Assad regime shows no
limits
we must never lose sight of the fact
that the pictures we see and the stories
we hear from this comfortable chamber
are the agonizing reality for hundreds
of thousands of civilians for men women
and children who are being forced to eke
out an existence underground to avoid
being killed by a regime that commits
daily atrocities against its own people
I've heard some say that the information
about the situation in eastern guter is
propaganda adopter in eastern goethe
having heard these comments said this
morning and i quote
amid the chaos and the bombs it is the
not being believed that almost hurts the
most we are dying here every day and
when people say they do not believe us
that is pain upon pain end of quote
this isn't propaganda it's a living hell
for hundreds of thousands of residents
of Eastern guter as we have repeated
many times this intentional and
systematic targeting of civilians and
civilian objects not only violates
international humanitarian law it's a
war crime and the UK will be unrelenting
in our campaign to ensure accountability
by voting in favor of this resolution
today we are standing up and saying that
we will not stand by and let this happen
in the face of escalating violence
devastation and suffering we must all
now take practical steps to improve the
situation for those living and dying in
a hell of one man's making this
resolution demonstrates our resolve to
put a stop to the brutal violence it
demands all parties cease hostilities
without delay that means right now
immediately mr. president the role and
responsibility of this council does not
end with the passage of this resolution
quite the opposite
all UN member states but particularly
council members must now take
responsibility for ensuring that this
resolution is implemented in full
without delay the resolution calls for
the council to review implementation
within 15 days but we must all be active
in supporting and monitoring
implementation from the moment we step
out of this room if we see any of the
parties violating the terms of this
resolution we must bring it back to the
council immediately
those with any influence over the Syrian
regime Russia Iran have a particular
responsibility to ensure that this
ceasefire is respected in full and
without delay that all sieges are ended
and that humanitarian aid is delivered
this is the absolute minimum the people
of Syria deserve as much as we welcome
the passing of this resolution today it
is only a small step just as one a
convoy in three months to a besieged
area cannot even begin to address the
humanitarian crisis one resolution alone
cannot solve the situation in Syria we
must do everything in our collective
power to ensure that this resolution is
effective in delivering for those whom
we have failed to date and we must all
send a clear message to the Assad regime
abandon your attempt to pursue a
military strategy stop fighting and
engage seriously in un-led political
talks in Geneva mr. president in
conclusion let me reiterate the words of
my foreign secretary the entire world is
looking at the Assad regime Russia and
Iran you hold the keys not only to the
end of this obscene conflict but to the
safety humanitarian aid and basic
medical treatment that is being denied
to millions of people right now in Syria
for the mother giving birth
underground in eastern guter for the
child unable to learn as schools are
closed for yet another day for the
doctor battling airstrikes to treat
patients in in Lib all of us sitting
here today oh it to the people of Syria
to work together with renewed and
unyielding energy to achieve a political
solution that will bring peace to the
Syrian people thank you
Osia Colonel methyl and Menachem with
day hey there hello banana
what did Kelly Mel Arnie lemon dill
Racine
traditional qin shi su diario quantity
ocean t en SI poti Shahada
quantum Cointreau pimento estudiar en
s√≥lo de una casa roja chenza each a
trend Opa Opa measure she sang sang ho
chi minh de Porres en su trabajo anyway
yo te r ze ho chi Chi Chi
elevation area nice in seiza no lesions
unconscious Evo see Paul hala Sultan
Kudarat Roger Tory Tommy Khalid
intervention yo Joe acaba team's recent
o quanti Syria gentle co2 Sharia
scintillation toe sis Itachi
TTS Tompa GG Sanjay's Porsche way
Trudeau alleyway - DJ so Lola Porsche a
new popular churches in Seoul say oh
well van canto no Lisa
Andy hey Archana GCM sweet Ahuja CDF I
don't want is attention
hey hey hey hey hey ho ho reading so a
con con tiempo weights so true de pasi√≥n
or e and e hey yo shoe dren 20 photo
yo Johnny yo to 20 Syria
chanty de la ceinture yo - yo como su
d√≠a de tiempo shuttle Hitachi
would we yo to change acha Surya 20
patches Shakira participate in holy
jibba
Arsenio Haji the Dutch German warship
wife Angie should I indulge for a
cheetah's volume so situation changes eg
should some composure while she really
indulges gho Chile Ahriman Fernanda well
padishah hey Julia kava Sally ho ho ho
cha-ching - whoa
Sheila soil shear intruder - under
ginger ginger kava drink a soda
Giavanna Ron she really means soul phi2
Acuna chauhan Shiva Ali quick
Cecilia Juanita she she 4:20 ninja
Khushi play-doh
she Java all washable let's watch it
compulsory 3G student leader Jung
received attention wait Julia what is
happening one tea party Jesus enjoy city
a true situation as Carmen DuBose in
alibi Anna party L kill him L and a
lemon do Kazakh stand mr. president dear
colleagues the delegation of Carlson has
voted in favor of the draft resolution
on the cessation of hostilities in Syria
I expressed my gratitude to our two
penholders Sweden and Kuwait for their
determined efforts to find common ground
among the Security Council members
I thank also the members of the Security
Council for their constructive approach
for this resolution which has many
significant provisions the position of
Kurdistan is very consistent the
stability in the Middle East can be
achieved by reducing violence for
peaceful means and avoiding the
emergence of new tensions in the past
few days heads of states and governments
around the world have called on the
Syrian government to observe human
rights and both sides to exercise
restraint
simultaneously external incitement that
fuels tension should stop immediately so
that it does not endanger
regional security today we see that
Security Council is United in demanding
from all parties to cease hostilities
without delay now we expect from all the
countries that exercise influence on the
situation on the ground and conduct
military camp
against international terrorist groups
in Syria to interact and find common
ground for join fight against terrorism
taking practical steps to implement this
resolution Palestine calls on all forces
that support a knowledge settlement of
the Syrian conflict including the
government of Syria and the armed
opposition to fully comply with the
ceasefire regime and this resolution all
the parties must ensure safe and
unhindered access for the humanitarian
assistance to reach the affected areas
as well as the evacuated evacuation of
people in need of medical assistance my
foreign minister hopes that his
colleagues foreign ministers of the
gander states of the Istana process will
take additional constructive steps to
strictly implement the ceasefire
agreements and this coalition zones in
Syria at the meeting scheduled to take
place in the capital of Kazakhstan in
mid-march or early if needs be this year
it was a difficult but successful
deliberations we should all work
collectively to find a peaceful solution
and today's unity of Security Council
should continue since we have yet a lot
to accomplish in Syria and elsewhere I
think thank you very much mr. president
mr. president on Wednesday during the
high-level debate on the UN Charter I
quoted one of the founding fathers of
the united nations secretary city Gnaeus
he said that the members of the Security
Council have the obligation to agree so
that the council may be able to act and
act effectively today we finally managed
to agree to end the atrocious violence
in eastern Goethe to end attacks against
hospitals to end the killing of innocent
civilians including women and children
mr. president the kingdom of the Nan's
welcomes the unanimous adoption of this
crucial resolution
let me thank in particular the pen
holders cue light and Sweden for your
tireless efforts and skilled diplomatic
work we paid tribute to you today we
have a resolution now we need to see
action on the ground all UN member
states have an obligation to make sure
that the words of this resolution are
implemented without delay in
particularly the Syrian authorities have
a specific responsibility towards its
own people the resolution means the
following all parties must cease
hostilities without delay all parties
must engaged immediately for sustainable
and durable humanitarian poles of at
least 30 consecutive days throughout
Syria to enable the safe unimpeded and
sustained delivery of humanitarian aid
and services to enable medical
evacuations of the critically sick and
wounded in accordance with applicable
international law if implemented this
resolution means the cessation of
hostilities delivery of humanitarian aid
and urgent medical evacuations it is a
first step in the right direction but
much more is needed a political solution
accountability for eternal refugees mr.
president this council should remain
seized of the matter and closely monitor
the implementation of the resolution
starting today and the council should
reconvene without delay if the situation
demands this I thank you mr. president
as Carmen Dube Hollander illarionov RTL
calomel an eleven dubitable endure Thank
You mr. president allow me to start by
thanking you I would like to express our
gratitude we highly commend the work of
Sweden and Kuwait aspera halters of
humanitarian air a solution for Syria
you have done your best to accommodate
concern of all the Security Council
members
thank you again on Wednesday I stressed
that it is the council's responsibility
that we cannot fail to stop the ongoing
human tragedy in Syria and in eastern
guta
in particular today we have managed to
reach compromise and adopt this
resolution by consensus I would like to
thank all Koreans for a very
constructive attitude but the innocent
people in Syria have waited for this far
too long now all the parties especially
those with influence on the ground must
make every effort to implement it in
this context we are reintegrate our call
to all sides to comply with
international humanitarian law and solve
all hostilities regarding civilians and
hello free humanitarian access in
conclusion it is not only our legal
obligation to act now but also our moral
duty Thank You mr. president
man d'hubert eonni huh what LLL kill him
al honey lemon do Plinius too are you
muchas gracias Senor Presidente
co-president a toma la palabra despu√©s
de la votaci√≥n nanny me esta resolution
nombre la rep√∫blica de in equatorial
Puyo gobierno estado siendo muy cerca de
este proceso hasta la feliz culmination
del mismo en la naci√≥n un anime desta
resolution Amanat area para implement
gar reindeer un Mara cero tribute Oh a
los penholders wait e suecia
Hasina Presidente por todo el esfuerzo
pass en SIA
dedication allocated a lograr la prisi√≥n
de una resoluci√≥n a finalmente
Emira sido el voto favorably Felicita
MOS el apoyo un anime de los miembros de
ad es a las penholder durante todo este
proceso sailor Presidente cessful a
decir en espa√±ol que nunca es tarde si
la di es Buena est√° de Sabina ah sido la
contribution de todos miembro del
consejo a quien es Agri decimos Felicita
Mo's tambi√©n por este resultado se or
Presidente hora que que de por delante
la effective au sein de lo que esta Pula
esta resolution para la concha who she
owned oh hey TiVo que pretend a el
consejo de seguridad a saber UNC self
juego send a trousseau alguno otra vez
de la regi√≥n de Syria para facility' l
su minestrone seguro seen impediment oh
he sustainable a de la a euro MANET area
servicios Ybarra cos me de cos d'etre
las personas en firmus yoni rheda's
critic Asst la rep√∫blica de in
equatorial pd apt or a las partes Alonza
UN vibrant a oh yeah momento a las
Naciones Unidas
Yocto a las partes emos envelope rayna's
en este
debe stood or conflict o para que hagan
Tolo necesario para este no belief in
para salvar a las vidas humanas y
oliviere los lagos su fin en toes de la
poblaci√≥n
Senor Presidente esta adoption de la
r√©solution no Saba partial mint a
Delaware well feh a todos nosotros
miembros del consejo de ciudad no Salva
Ramos totalmente de esta emergenza c
else s el fuego
entra en vigor en las pr√≥ximas
Saurus Sheila you know manet area
he'll a tensile medica MPs on a llegar a
la poblaci√≥n effect ah de durante los
pr√≥ximos yes muchas gracias hermanita
Libya
muchas gracias a a present
yum pasado CT nose desta era yes ooh
premium toe serious whopper from the
santoses Pancho Suspiria semanas de las
Ultima Samanas assume our own a las m√°s
de cami√≥n toss mil muertes proceeds del
initial conflict Oh consider ahmo's que
mientras las tactic as militares tengan
prioridad sobre la pol√≠tica no public
system una passer Adara in consecuencia
Sarah la poblaci√≥n civil en especial las
mujeres mineus in iNOS los de continual
and expressos a su frim en toes in
necesarios portal motivo salud amo la
opci√≥n de la r√©solution menti cuatro
cero uno y esperamos que la Prante FTM
pre-implementation de la misma / Mita
oliviere la situaci√≥n del pueblo Syrian
delegation des TECA
ya grid' si le norm a trabajo de fuerza
Lozado por los cocaine holders las
delegations de su SE deku white
animos dodd un gran lega li rasgo yo
balloon todd
hasta luego momento para una cuerda ah
s√≠ mismo decimos Rio no ser el esfuerzo
compromiso delaford racemosa de las
partes involucre 'das yo los miembros
del consejo de ciudad en este proceso de
negotiation en vias pasados me
delegation manifesto su posici√≥n
respecto yo-yo realtor ahmo's momento el
consents o y la unidad el consejo de
ciudad es fundamental para mejorar la
situaci√≥n humanitarian syria por lo que
des tacamo silken sin so al cansado el
dia de veteranos que no existe ninguna
zalien military esta situaci√≥n y que el
√∫nico me do es el dialogo politico
inclusive o por lo que Raffi mama
nuestro poi el proceso de genera
yellows la grosse al cancelosi in Astana
COO Siqueiros de Vence a respite ADO's
por las partes ah s√≠ mismo express
ahmo's no estrus alta suspect attila's
por los distintos espacio de Diallo como
ser en el dia lago de searching para que
contributing a llegar una position ET
vader Adira muchas gracias new president
a Oscar mama til Bolivia alibi on avati
and calomel honey lemon Dubya Thank You
the president
we welcome the unanimous adoption of
this resolution when the humanitarian
situation in Syria we voted in favor
because we believe the resolution could
make positive difference in the ground
in alleviating the continued tragedy of
Syrians having discussed the severe
humanitarian crisis in Syria almost
weekly it was clear that what was
required from this council was concrete
and collective action that could
contribute to alleviating the
intolerable suffering of Syrians in
wrong areas of the country we are
pleased that the council has acted and
sent the right message that could bring
cessation of hostilities that could
allow the UN and humanitarian partners
to have safe sustained and an impeded
humanitarian access to deliver the
much-needed humanitarian assistance to
all Syrians in need I wish to express
our sincere appreciation to the
delegation so Kuwait and Sweden that
have effectively and efficiently made
the process of negotiations we all know
it was not an easy task
but they did an excellent work in
accommodating the concerns of all
delegations was a high sense
of his possibility and patience we also
thank all delegations for their
flexibility during the negotiation
process we hope the positive spirit that
made the council to adopt this
resolution will create not only in
ensuring its effective implementation
but it would also lay the basis for
greater mutual understanding among all
those who have enormous influence over
development in Syria whether in the
humanitarian or political and security
domain we know given the realities this
is a tall order one matter would need to
be stressed on this occasion the
security situation in Syria is perhaps
more complicated today than it has ever
been over the last few years we should
not overlook the fact that the sources
of the humanitarian tragedy we see today
is a result for the difficult political
and security situation in the country we
trust that all those including those
that ambassador de lattre referred to
will continue to play a role which would
contribute to creating the basis for
progress in the peace process which is
so critical for ensuring that the
humanitarian tragedy in Syria is brought
to an end we only hope that what the
council has achieved today would lay the
basis for everything and even greater
humanitarian tragedy in Syria I thank
you mr. president
do a few BIA alibi on owari and caramel
honey lemon do pure se√±or Presidente
carry most aggressive Souza's in
consolidated forces SE como de el
representante Permanente Swasey in
so respect EOC key pose para lograr stay
importante compromiso SE como a lo
miembro de este consejo por su
flexibility
este compromiso caper material says al
few immediate Owen Syria yelu gente y
necesario acceso de asistencia oman
italia desta camos la necesidad de
montaner la unidad de este consejo
intorno a su response a Glee eight-day
proteger a la poblaci√≥n civil en Linea
con el derecho Internacional el derecho
international humanitarian el peru uno
ellos Pedro Cena or es el proyecto de
cam√µes adopt our say man tender our tent
Oh a Subaru gente implementation y
complement o por todas partes involucre
de creme o's express our nuestro pasar i
Solidaridad con las v√≠ctimas del
conflict o in Syria in OS Tripoli
admiration por los trabajadores
humanitary O's detenciones Unitas yatras
agencia 'z declaration lter vent
esperamos que el importante paso que
hemos dado code UVO una soluci√≥n
Permanente AL conflict OC Rio en Linea
con la revoluci√≥n
vent Eocene cuenta cuatro y el communica
bohemian muchas gracias ash Kerman do
Pierrot alibi on and what they'll kill
him L honey lemon dupe c√¥te d'ivoire
makes me super easy super doll I could
you are talking co-sponsor did I present
a resolution to do the non-that of tea
each year do not to pyramid humanity
Seleucid initiator christen rotten P it
has read LCD seat is on adoption do
mandala cessation from delay the
hostility reset demanded do not open say
so I respect a path to later she to
LeSean debate a theory
la cote d'ivoire appraisal see before
deploy a path to tell a party on video
parody I am conscious Hussein do not
conceal lol mercy particular known the
federation the receipt portion is free
the compromise lounger de la
contribution the truth a lot of genre
cetera solution say result as the low
reblog air curvy la serie a key
madam Tommy G the media that women not a
medieval
the firm is a wrongful la cote d'ivoire
esto period a good soul laughs a
definitive the conflict syrian far like
negotiation will permit a tool a syrian
retrouve lapel the reconciliation
I do rock on thriller P and V do route
through this on development economic
issue shells we net run to you the
travel demand a Poliquin say swallow
debuted a new show consideration le
domaine and modern while membrane
al-khasaka toda la CIMA la llave cannon
OC makar a little el amor de basura
philosophy mini-mesh Raja Karev Makar
Allen al Ahmar asuri raissa led a
coffeehouse more averman if adem√°s de la
cara de manera in Almaty Dylan Almo
Adaline where Athenian filter Medina
toddler was a catamaran Alma Admiral may
not be higher Lamborghini him Toby
FD a smooth dr. hassan hassan mohammed
professor FEMA has aa technology feed
image Naju nephew Jamie Iwatani Alpher
NC Naju
rawhide ferns now FG mayor Wharton
inference a small theory Marianne
Thierry Mariani al-attiyah activist
balule Francia year Kondos Anton dot the
pisanka
dr. Hasan has Hassan ite Pardes herbal
tea red Ola Goethe sudama's Park zero
Bell Madurai Samora non Padua a
compassion mediatic disodium overcoat a
duelist won a PIL fini on his own
account Yunnan full √©quilibre Hashanah
effigy monotony a Pharisee
yes Rahul more inert Elmo inadequately
new colonel awesome a damask with
al-arab eller happy in Elmo Judean
flawed bill Manasa bisaya Theory
Marianas are helpful an inferno sabotage
vomitus Albert Muhammad edition her a
network at Lamar Alamo for he'll appeal
and a clarity and then I can already
relish were a surreal hamdullah learn
who Naja like in Mahalo Mendoza Cal
worked out her Moroccan be superb the
al-amin been especially our motto
release al-hilal al-ahmar asuri fiddly
dr.mohammed ET la foto de sabadell' era
el mortality delay Almohad della guerra
theophylline era is feral Helen Thomas
repeatedly Emily
mondo Forenza Durham are Viejo yep ah
triple head may wanna nah sorry harder
Callum Pollock linear taught will
dissolve a shrimper are occur at
immediate a media Melissa lemon
how will a lot a historian on vania
lopaka Rahul Omkara Hitler had MOBAs
head nila Medici the sovereign RR into a
tomato her even total Bob de Mille Sofia
Brittany kakapo Sault Saint Marie
Buerkle and Elsa Mia Hamm about nachos
yep do Angela mesma aldoses admirable am
mafada tofu 800 fill Iraq forty fellow
stream of history of Olivia formal
Britannia's easy the habit ll Malvinas
Mahara bottle Argentinian al Jazeera
Latin Luka Tata
all aboard a charade LF L kill
Dimetrodon under Iranian la coneja cool
Metacom Elmo acara lodges and Anila
avenues own DNA after a moment dolly
Akuma Tacoma WA Cara Donna Elena be
mohareb clara de falco our dinner in
america a total of kilometres hardener
wo a harem nella herb for our dinner
tada Mohammad melodic Sedaris la cuchara
official City Mo Thomas Hauk a cat
immeasurable editorial Kwame Ronnie
Hillman a neo disabled numerosity
Esmeralda Xavier moussala
walk a block o Musa Dagh an Akuma
tujimori Al Arabiya Surya
Patera melody McCafferty mobile at
Italia well decimate be ha ha saamana
Allah Hyatt in Mauritania serene Valley
pottery Deborah mutagen in by Allah
Muhammad Amir for Fahad Asiya Oshiro
an Akuma Surya Delta Z mcbeatty focused
on Lanza a m√©nage √† la posada
led no sir a legend adele dazeem at
Nambe Nia LJ LJ Marathi musalla alma
mater alma mater alma Anniston
Bellarmine a la voz de volta redonda
metal Arabiya wanna see Emma - wobba -
Musa vaca film is Martin motivated I am
a vaudeville a diva diva Astana finish
select alpha Puma Surya L ha a bread
al-haq tapa Moby he had a jihad well
Ahmir :
manemma Fergie Elena a la la la la LT
zimmel jihad al arabi Angela the alien
Minardi a moderate wanted Ramallah Maha
conforto demon Ashley Aditi tasman NP
wah-wah-wah-wah party Liholiho be
volatile octal mazeed - Allahu Alem da
da da scary well by sri balaji steal
well stick manager Amy happy huh - a
fool with le capital GN memorabilia
I mean a duel in our body father do a
lot of hidden messages war battle of
rava Dhokla mia ality - Mary Sue a
rabbit donor
- Little River arkla t had him about the
relative occurred a seder is manju topi
artifact and share Aminata halved
opposite
da Battlecam is mutton masala
holistically for cotton m√©nage √† NOS
Latifah
oh my she had a rocket Marisa Tomei to
Surya bottom layer bajalia nerves have
salmonella Hyatt in Medina voila
infertility firm led Kennedy mismo
Arabian musalla
what do L AM L aha Tamela Le Mans Lovato
elite OPA ririn okasada heavy rocket
reboot a career abhishek learn how to
battle ethereal hiya Tommy elite men
male in Medan philosophy Madame s ba da
Bahia Madera chemical addition
delusional mr. de Mistura Walter de hoc
erat ha ha ha ido fatten Allah Mohammed
in Milwaukee as Korea Surya
Khalid Erica at the avocado Lankan Tamil
support
ally lemon ahima Julie $88 t jaha movie
Neha ACOD filmography at Aloha voila
Marietta Ali needed a tamato in insulin
and mortal body my ATM waahi marae are L
et voila follow mohammed ur ECM men mama
Rosati Haji Murat Al Arabiya Al Mualla
lotta started a rocket on a milliner
hemiaminal hakama hysteria defied an
adolescent and humanity more Taniya
Fumero sadaqa/charity very I know what
the hell that we data worked catheter
photo album on selamat and Medini LED
notified until can mesh Murad in with
Sharia definitely be a Fidel
Percy's Muammar al rajim had dead nah
I'm in the huge in the towel and mastica
and Havana ruse Phil Fetterman our bar
in arbitrage vault the hosel Medini in
without fear imagine a committee him
mattock demon leader with our who are i
ought to be a lazy McCool derek
irresolute woman
Kumada Akuma afraid el mismo rotten
musalla la pasilla Metallica fan
mamacita he became medical
nanotechnology second yeah well in
karate movie da da da da da da vit√≥ria
de la moneda admin Melanie Sol la
Pucelle ll Emanuela Elizondo buried men
do bill will admitted every transference
Phil watt LED to Salafi need a tormal am
in a Yamaha dealer Xavier masala when
Ida our Hawaii alcohol by birth Alma
methyl charlatans a Metamucil we're doin
a Hadees duel at karate real estate
Dhanraj so Delhi - one called
variety in Bible era Oahu was beneficial
colostomy known as well Aloha blood riot
by bottle Hara Mahadeva historian said
race in an mobile accessibility mo kamo
asal Mujahideen in Sarnia
removable car stolen aluminum many a
little odd no a technology me Katya
Ramsey editor Dylan money
what n Sigma Y shackle camel finish
identify mobile AMA no Hara Hara har-ee
locking Abdul and heavy and mobility
hospitable akima vatos Valen massages
well mayor a news division and cable
amenity are now about to an era when
Nevada animator a local embittered
people are visual
while many facial honor a Nevada Duel
Academy Masseria Corrado Tolliver watt
official motto for dolly Helia sorry
Ryder
McCafferty doctrine L Dublin mania cool
to delica M's
columns one manufacturer and the minosa
thermopane Fida mesh your silhouette her
history Mo's accuracy arbitrage swath
and phenomena - you a kid here and the
colorful in Masada at was solid
new facility million soory female you
say malm√∂ nautical Mahathir our saboteur
lawsuit philadelphia sabotage
he knew the decide were killed Amina the
shown in s any young man's are common
Margutta Velma club the tosser - we saw
Toby Surya
well Elmo but rarely do I let there be a
female easily I mean let's say a devil
her promise to me I work area and
mammoth Helena Peabody must be fooled
and hosted most radical man attacks a
beef √©tat in at name fasted lady million
I said local palak on cardio main
anniversary that was led largely in el
sheikh fahad say the race Deb national
poll model about hidden messages Linda
service innovate more Anatomy didn't
officially a life - Ellen defer Beamish
area Colorado a foggy weather in latina
Ferrara she did well urilla oxygen said
story so a cannon tidy employer when I
artisans F Maradona moment I'd feared
editor career a Dorian
Tammy do FEMA alumina Hatake Mattia
animosity ramesh more weather in a
tequila legend 18 you know why at an
owner anime attached for cotton field
for erotic content Oh Tessa Ashley the
OMA hates old lady
subhanallah al asad fear sorrow 24
armikrog calmly oh oh yay chillin at
Ibaka Hamid will be on hand and
familiarity doula at freedom with the
meal with thusly and mismo idler Javier
masala after she's manually Darrell and
IKEA associate our family Abdullah
little meaner heavy infestation Allanon
our family are Abdullah usual a diplomat
and that Ibaka and Fatihah Duty hawawa
party had to seal the dough from
Catalina habenula Surya went as Mahesh
our food via nears from a Mustafa Bella
we started a mr. Corrado donor I eat the
Honan
perigee the mermen chemical say the race
FIBA diet Haditha and the muffled Vienna
and measureless earful kolima enteric
Mikasa death metal element id' now Fidel
kalambaka
without a little courage dear a lipoma
no textual ha da hua feminine jojoba
feminine image and hidaka re and re
anatomical Alcala de su BM f adaran
bmacadelic alma not a little awkwardly
I'm Ricky Beamer Cedar Lake visual on a
loop Alana us Sarah Anne Talackova
comedy duo say Maiasaura Honua later
Matt ahead of Brittany operation what a
way to have film on TV and a steamer at
infusion for very swollen one Hulk image
Martin oh hi 18:01 today at one model a
hotel strategy Hecky Samoa photo
strategy to the Karuna we are dest
America D o n - drekia Tina be enemies
lahardee fo total strategy attacks in
Syria hexa mu'azzama efficient oh no car
and no water Hotel Taksim Sharia Hillel
am no animal and then again at the hotel
strategy Taksim Sharia with a real live
American fear Bowie ID on an activist
memoir the physicality of timidity
Washington whoa demand a moment at her
elbow Judas career era era era Dina
called Alec a cool Liz emeriti and men
debate the immediate model and reality
had the debt nomicon table panel well
Amira Dahlia had a hula Hannah called
Alec lenninger was alerted a la aldea
Haji Lane and Aquila baladi
they are happy module module Elohim seen
when L Mesa the different Nasir bakunawa
CL con una una puta - Carrie actlly
Amriki for Adina the deenal Haq be
Mohammed II has had a number
anele anele ha the define and Forstner
the movie everybody I do come see the
nambeesa
a kid motion didn't align Elpis aura was
diligent in my ear setup - abuja hooded
w filmography Hitler have Thomas Tamara
della can move or Jersey family matter
having much more at and musalla hysteria
Feli on yes-mo babu command now hurries
Aleman Takata site rally helm is modular
happy and musalla half a volt a shot
here
what a block mr. Hatta say there is cam
sing kilometer murabba and multiple ad
that had the Sun and her message attack
MC kilometres murabba buta Helene
telleth still Ella really is a lottery
the blocks image more honest I haven't
seen elf kilo meter murabba I'm Nika -
sing kilometer murabba Juanita he
learned limit liard mess ahead urgency
in elf kilometer murabba Dillon and
Ricky
Turkey Israel in Adamo Coronel besito
that issue Hallett and efficacy s led to
Marisa who battle duel other high little
edges let Iranian medley suavity it is
easy to remember Tejeda
Leticia Tahoe boreal Mohamed O'Mara
Muammar Satanist October CSE will made a
little better team at lamella SSE
aphelion determinacy race Senna Semeru
Biederman telephony demographic idler
hub a new general of the sri anama
widget phenomenal Marisa hot can see a
D&D fairness voila given the story and a
la orden a wonderful routine alottoni
waffle Malvinas Daryl Gordon Alois Tony
Wellum nor cell Parvati nausea Allah al
qiyamah trot misery at Makaha tiller her
camera for Mahima summer at the head of
Dooley her Cheryl and Young's ability to
do what a metaphor for whatever and see
if Emily when Ninja Warrior a hominid
well authorities waka metaphor and
without much ahead o.o burrito Nephi
Afghanistan Libya Leone waffle araceli
fernandez and a first
when cattle that have - interlude ''inna
llaha la madeira Ellen Asia will ALL
Malvinas mobile young for Welty's MGD
many more civilian much more ethical
happier musalla miss dolly telemetry has
in much more heart little poofy foreign
foreign relation to nama aparadha famous
rocker re cool little poofy foreign and
ever happy harvested Effie Helen Matheny
rocky do recommend a hakama Surya
Support Office will be happy huh Gamelin
Murad a paraphyletic Tara hamona Siva
she Haltom image model and IBN musa dagh
mr. definitely FEMA can see Surya when I
will be kadhi fat in Waheeda a
feasibility bar and a feminine in fact I
am Allah and Allah minhas alter our GD
p-- the end and the hat on top of a
llama - Marysol for water Turkey amenity
the etherion
one metaphor me here for what Muhammad
the - duly enacted arithmetic error
analysis that will allow ability with
Robbie Ethel had a union al carro al l
NT rocket booster merrily to watson-watt
little LED and a ch3 diamond literally
Miller had vigilance URI Mattel had a
family al-quran led me to move aside
race show chronic s-curve men do Surya
alibi on a law - Jade a asthma of
Ramadan Africa I met a neuticle Amin
prepare to Jessa
