now world powers have failed to agree on
a possible ceasefire for the rebel-held
district of eastern Goethe in Syria the
UN Security Council has postponed to
vote until Saturday with Russia
pushing for several amendments to an
earlier draft resolution artis Kayla
muffin has the latest from New York well
it's been a tough two days of rhetoric
and negotiations now it all relates to
the district of eastern Goethe that's
east of Damascus a suburb that is
currently under the control of rebels
and terrorists it's an enclave and at
this point the Syrian government is
trying to retake the city in an
anti-terror operation now at this point
the anti-terror operation is being
widely criticized by Western leaders
they're reporting that civilians are
being killed recently we even heard from
US president Donald Trump I will say
what Russia and what Iran and what Syria
have done recently is a humanitarian
disgrace I will tell you that we're
there for one reason we're there to get
Isis and get rid of Isis and go home
we're not there for any other reason and
we've largely accomplished our goal but
what those three countries have done to
people over the last short period of
time is a disgrace now we have heard
from Russian officials regarding the
situation there and they have talked
about concerns for civilian life not
wanting people to be harmed but also
pointing out that this is a fight
against terrorists and that these
terrorists are essentially using the
civilians in the area as human shields
so we've also heard Russian officials
point out that it's very interesting to
hear such harsh criticism coming from
the people who recently leveled the
cities of Raqqa and Mosul
we are appalled by the escalation of
airstrikes in eastern goota humanitarian
disaster systematic targeting of
civilians this is hell on earth
ongoing slaughter of trapped civilians
it's about the Bacchus of the Syrian
government as well and we call on all
their backers including Russia to ensure
that this violence stops
civilian casualties are a fact of life
in Iraq and in Syria people are much
more accepting that because it's their
city being liberated they understand
what they were suffering civilians will
get caught in the crossfire civilians
will get hurt civilians will get killed
if you want to liberate your towns and
cities it comes at a price it's a
unavoidable part of war and commanders
have to press on despite that the
responsibility for civilian casualties
in Iraq and Syria lies with Isis we are
the good guys and the innocent people on
a battlefield know the difference now at
this point leaders of the international
community are in full agreement that
civilian life in eastern gucchy is very
important and that the conditions are
dire all want to make sure that
civilians are safe however there are
clear disagreements among world leaders
about who is to blame for the situation
in eastern goethe according to the
United Nations more than 300 civilians
have been killed in eastern goota since
the airstrikes intensified the
organization's secretary-general has
described the situation there as hell on
earth
now the Assad government has refused to
scale back at the operation saying it is
targeting terrorist groups that are
using goota as a base to shell
residential areas of Damascus three
people were killed in 15 injured in the
latest rebel assault on the Syrian
capital on Friday
political commentator John White's as
Western powers reluctance to target
terrorists in Gudda will only add to the
suffering of civilians regime change
propaganda has entered the realms of the
fantastic we're in groups such as
neutral front and Jash al-islam which is
a dominant faction in eastern gouta
these groups which adhere to the same
ideology responsible for 9/11 and a
whole lot
terrorist attacks they're now being
depicted as rebels as partisans of
Second World War repute whereby the the
Syrian army made up of conscript
soldiers drawn from every part of the
multicultural multi-religious mosaic of
Syrian society they're now being painted
as a lot of the waffen-ss an Army of
Occupation rather than an army of
liberation so this narrative will
continue as Syria comes closer to
achieving its complete liberation and
suffering the civilians which no one can
deny is being prolonged by this
continued attempt to undermine the
attempts of the Syrian government and
its allies particularly Russia to
liberate the country
