now the Russian ambassador to the UN has
called for a urgent action to resolve
the humanitarian crisis in the
rebel-held region of eastern goota in
Syria addressing the Security Council he
criticized the way the media and foreign
powers have been influencing the
situation
Masumi robux me there is a massive
psychosis in the mainstream media which
is spreading the same rumors day after
day it doesn't help to understand the
situation that's all they put forward
the idea that there only hospitals in
eastern guter which the syrian army are
fighting against now what we just heard
was the Russian ambassador to the United
Nations responding to what he
characterized as a smear campaign now
the meeting was called in response to
this situation in eastern Goethe now
this is a suburb of Damascus located to
the east of Damascus and at this point
it's an enclave of rebels and terrorist
forces now there's been increasing
hostilities in eastern goota as the
Syrian government is fighting to retake
the city from terrorists Russia was
responding to some of the very heated
words and accusations we heard from
other countries in the chamber in the
lead-up to his remarks this pneumatic
targeting of civilians sheer disregard
for human life attacks against
healthcare and hospitals
constitute war crimes the regime wants
to keep bombing and gassing these
400,000 people and the Assad regime is
counting on Russia to make sure this
Security Council is unable to stop their
suffering now in his remarks to the
15-member body 'no Benji was very clear
that situations in eastern gouta are
rather dire however the situation is
much more complex than it's being made
out to be
that essentially civilians are being
used as human shields by the terrorists
and isn't this what the international
community should be doing should they
not be fighting against these terrorist
groups he pointed out that some of the
more extreme allegations being made
against Russia and Syria are being made
by the forces that just leveled the city
of Raqqa the us-led coalition leveled
Syria's Raqqa this is in the very recent
past it shouldn't be forgotten so fast
when it happened there was no outcry for
some reason nobody demand an
international law to
observe there
we were forced to leave our homes
because of Isis when we returned we
found everything reduced to rubble look
at all the devastation Raqqa is a ghost
city we're living in the midst of
destruction we feel completely abandoned
everything around has been destroyed
life here scorable the city lies in
rubble you have to pay to remove the
debris with our own money there's no
running water so we have to buy it in
barrels the u.s. coalition caused the
destruction of Raqqa and has a
responsibility to rebuild the city we
need the help with restoring the water
supply and clearing the rubble as the
meeting went on and different speakers
took the floor and addressed the UN
Security Council was very clear that
everyone agreed that the life of
civilians in eastern Goethe was was of
top concern however there were clear
differences about who was to blame and
that certain countries felt as if the
situation was just squarely on the
shoulders of Syria and Russia there was
disagreement on essentially what what
the Russian ambassador characterized as
a smear campaign against Russia the UN
earlier called for an end to the
fighting in eastern goethe calling the
rebel enclave hell on earth earlier my
colleague spoke to a representative of
Doctors Without Borders
about the situation there so we have six
hospitals that we supported another
seven that have received some account
donations in the last few days of
overflow markets and the number of
wounded people has increased
dramatically in the last few days
reported 1,300 people wounded and 200
that's the biggest problem for the
moment the ones that still function is
in supplies as long as the violence is
going on medical supplies so some sort
a agreement that these medicines and
especially I repeat surgical supplies
and aesthetics can commander into the
besieged zone the anklet the surgeons
can can do their life-saving work
