the exotic Portuguese island of Terceira
in the Azores in the middle of the
Atlantic Ocean is in desperate need of
decontamination decades of US Air Force
activity have allegedly left it polluted
with hydrocarbons and heavy metals and
Islanders say that they're worried about
the prevalence of cancer and other
serious illnesses
we're back to 20,000 this is not
constant it oscillates releases are
never constant we're now at 18 20 20 mm
between 20,000 22,000
and it's time to run away from here as
we've already stayed too long
what we have is a series of locations
with extremely high levels of pollution
caused by heavy metals or hydrocarbons
there are very high levels of lead in
some zones copper and zinc molybdenum
all of them heavy metals that in certain
concentrations can cause sterility
cancer arrhythmia and never-ending
amounts of problems associated with an
excess of these substances
Oh my family lived in that area both of
my parents died of cancer my mom of
breast cancer and my dad was a different
kind of cancer when I was 33 I was
diagnosed with breast cancer
what much can't resist the more cancer
cases there are the more the population
asks why is this happening why a praia
de Vitoria are the roads that on one
side all houses have had at least one
case of cancer and on the other side
it's almost every other house that is
not normal the US has maintained a
presence on the island since 1943
tercera serves as a stopover for
transatlantic military flights and it
houses the 65th airbase group although
it's not known how many personality
stationed there there are 161 houses to
accommodate them one former employee
told us about the health risks that
workers there have also been exposed to
there was also a Senate Commission that
came to Dussehra to check a claim
illegal process from some members of the
American military who had died of
terminal cancer and were exposed to
radioactivity to Sara Island they were
here for about one week and during this
time I found out what they were doing
here they were here to confirm the
existence of radiation on to Sara Island
radioactive contamination our
environmental situation on the island
was first acknowledged in a classified
report written in 2003 which has since
been leaked it details 17 major fuel
spills now in 115 thousand gallons of
oil were released when a pipeline was
unintentionally activated that was in
there's been no cleanup since the report
stresses that the islands inhabitants
are at risk from contaminants in the
soil air and water here's what local
experts have been telling us we found in
the data that was published referring to
the 2007 2011 period a higher number of
certain cancers in the prior divet or
area than in the rest of the Azores
especially regarding the rarer cancers
for example eye cancer with 33% of those
all cases being in Prior de Vitoria
while the area has
on the 8.5 two percent of the Azorean
population this is a hell the repeats
itself on various islands they're
occupied by the Americans this is almost
a scorched-earth policy where the
problems accumulate and the local
government doesn't react the population
has no capacity to take a stance maybe
as a result of scientific illiteracy or
a lack of knowledge on the cause-effect
relations now we've been in touch with
both the United States and Portuguese
governments on this we haven't received
any responses to the specific question
that we've asked but we did get this
from the United States they forwarded a
press release from last December and it
states that the two countries are aware
of the situation and are seeking expert
advice on how best to proceed
