oh hello again max keiser here with
Stacey Herman and the Kaiser report oh
it's gonna be some interesting yep
Stacey I like the way you mispronounced
my a second name hair bet
and it's actually Herbert's my god but
you know what on the ride over to the
studio this morning you mentioned that
during the last vacation period in
America which is Thanksgiving the bake
the great migration of America you know
and everybody goes on holiday they go
visit their family they have
Thanksgiving dinner they usually fly
that actually it went from 23% took road
trips like last year in 2016 and then in
2017 it was something like 39% and why
did they take road trips instead of
flying to their destination well they
didn't want the hassle of the u.s.
dilapidated airports and the TSA you
know the the whole security apparatus
which is now kind of defunct because
nobody actually even talks about the war
on terror anymore everybody's forgotten
that because now we have Russia gate so
well like why we have this remnant
that's the last remnant of the last fake
hoax scare was the whole war on terror
but you know in order to you know fix
the infrastructure of America Trump has
proposed a 1.5 trillion dollar
infrastructure plan 200 billion of that
is going to come from the US government
and the rest is supposed to come from
the private sector so the therefore
mostly charging tolls any plan that
might be able to recoup their income
back from the users of that
infrastructure so it's going to you you
see where it will go well it'll go to
the richer areas that don't even need
the funds as much as the poorer areas of
America so I'm gonna compare this to
China where they also they don't have
these grand announcements of
infrastructure plans and hope that in 20
years it might come true maybe the
private funds will come from somewhere
they've just do it and it's quite
remarkable because bullet trains are
transforming the world's biggest
migration millions of Chinese crammed
onto trains to make the annual
pilgrimage home for the Lunar New Year
holiday as a crowded and often
uncomfortable experience that is rapidly
being transformed by the country's push
into the world of high-speed rail
China already has the globe's longest
bullet train Network but it is plowing
3.5 trillion yuan or
556 billion dollars into expanding his
railway system by 18 percent over the
next two years to a hundred and fifty
thousand kilometers or more than ninety
three thousand miles
three thousand miles in two years that's
amazing
those Chinese people are ready to rock
and roll the 21st century high-speed
trains getting home to Grandma's house
in just two hours for them whatever they
have over there
delicious stuff dim sum I guess why not
grandma's got the best image on the ball
yeah
so here we have you know America's
needed an infrastructure plan for the
last 20 years a lot of it you know some
of the network actually has not been
replaced for a hundred years if you look
at New York a subway system like the
train under the Hudson the the tracks
under the Hudson they those are a
hundred years old so nothing's been
touched
so this infrastructure plan that we have
in America is just to replace some of
the old stuff not to expand any sort of
high-speed rail like they're doing here
and remember that just ten years ago
they had almost no bullet trains at all
in China and here they have the biggest
network in the world suddenly within ten
years and we're still twiddling our
thumbs trying to determine whether or
not we could afford it part of it is
that railway building is local and you
have to pay people big wages real wages
not minimum wage to build stuff locally
America is an economy that's been
created by financialization of
everything and outsourcing manufacturing
to countries like China totally at the
ignore a ssin that just made that word
up means to ignore something the
ignorant of your local infrastructure
build now Trump saying we want to do
infrastructure we've got to go borrow a
trillion or two trillion dollars from
who our biggest creditor that would be
China again China is owning all the
cards now in the 22nd century in America
can't even get from point A to point B
because Amtrak is just gonna skip and
pop over the rail you can't get anywhere
a damn track without D railing every
single day Amtrak derails again
cuz it's junk well but we also have a
plunder class so no plan no national
policy like China has industrial policy
we've covered that before we have D
industrial policy here and it's a
plundering like how to plunder any of
the assets that are there this is a
private equity model it became popular
on Wall Street while you were there in
the 80s and now it's our national
economic policy is to plunder as much as
possible and you know a few guys get to
keep it and then the rest gets you know
whatever their needs are the plunder
class whatever their needs are they just
outsource it to China to make in the
meantime vast fortunes are being made in
China here we have even the policies
that are being presented by Donald
Trump's of administration you see their
original plans already kind of they were
created by Wilbur Ross and one of the
guy from the administration long ago
like a few years ago and it's basically
a way to plunder because okay 200
billion dollars from the US government
just like that two hundred billion
dollars sent to Afghanistan or Iraq it
just disappears it evaporates into thin
air into the pockets the offshore bank
accounts to some of these guys and then
it trickles down so of the two hundred
billion dollars going towards the u.s.
infrastructure maybe two billion will
make it to the ground to paying some
laborers to paying for some tar for the
macadam roads out there for the you know
that's that's all that will make it to
the ground so there's a huge you know
you have to throw a lot of money just to
get a little tiny bit to the ground here
right because there's middlemen all
along the way taking their cut you know
same thing in the medical industry
obviously it costs the most expensive
any in the world because of all the
middleman the administrators the
administrators are growing exponentially
the doctors are not the same thing in
infrastructure bill so China is a state
directed infrastructure project from the
state America would like to bring in
private enterprise but private
enterprise unfortunately is unregulated
there are no laws that apply to private
enterprises particularly in the
financial industry
so therefore the cost skyrocketed even
compared to the government famoust $500
hammers that we hear about at the
Pentagon
if you throw to private equity all
they're going to do is
extract all the money and sent it off
shore so that China here the private
companies their number-one obligation is
to their shareholders or their investors
and it's way more profitable just to
plunder like why actually the cost of
buying the steel paying the workers
finding the workers to lay the tracks to
fix the that's like really expensive and
time-consuming when you can just like
throw a piece of old steel out there and
hope it doesn't the train driving over
it doesn't derail and said just take the
billions of dollars we have the same
system in Hollywood that's why our films
here cost 200 million dollars because
there's a thousand middlemen many of
them rapists apparently and put they're
like they're like plundering that system
are every single system in America has
like thousands of middlemen just that
education system it's now the cost of
education university is has exploded
like a thousand percent since you and I
went to university because we have now a
whole bunch more administrators not new
more teachers not more professors a lot
more administrators though right look I
mean the United States had a state
directed infrastructure project under
Eisenhower the interstate highway system
which set the stage for the American
Century we have an Hat with NASA but a
man of the moon which would create an
Intel Google Apple IBM you know created
America's technology superstars but you
know the government is now gun-shy about
doing anything for two reasons it's
broke and there's no talent there yeah
and you might say he was General
Eisenhower so a military man Republican
right wing and the highest tax rate at
that time was ninety percent so it was
you know different sort of time and we
were compete like we weren't yet clearly
the empire because that was after World
War two and you know Britain still kind
of had like remnants of empire they
still had some of their holdings but
back in China here they're you know
they're their infrastructure is like
quite amazing the numbers are amazing
almost non-existent in China decade ago
high-speed rail has exploded with more
than half of the 25,000 kilometer
network built between 2013 and 2017 the
plan is to
by more than 50% by 2025 with 8 main
bullet train lines running from east to
west by 2030 China intents have another
8 main lines running from north to south
as well and actually the cost is very
competitive that's why more people this
this past Chinese New Year has just
traveled by high-speed rail rather than
the conventional rail but you compare
that to like New York City which has
been trying to build that subway line
know at the number 2 line for about 7080
years and then it went like 10 times
over budget and it was just like a mile
long it was like hardly anything and it
took years and so many layers of
administrative you know like they they
went over the cost was a great article
recently where they went over the cost
of why it was so expensive to build in
New York City and they had to have like
three people who operated the elevator
but there was no elevator there like
there's no actual there was a elevator a
lift but it was automatic so there's
nobody that actually needed to press any
button but they had to have them by law
in these three guys that were elevator
attendants who just stood there all day
making a hundred and fifty thousand a
year all right so that's not a very
efficient way to run an economy that is
for sure and so if competitively this is
you know we put a Tesla into outer space
okay that was good oh no China is not
too concerned about that but yeah
because putting a Tesla into outer space
makes a great you know extravaganza
but those extravaganzas like Hyperloop
and the private sector is only going to
deliver to billionaires like Elon Musk
who have the money to blow and sending
Tesla's into outer space here China that
the National you know they have the
industrial plans they have five-year
plans they have they don't want to leave
the the entire rural class abandoned
because they know they have to include
them into their economy to sustain and
and maintain their position at the top
of the global economic infrastructure so
they need to include these people in and
if it costs you know money to bring them
in just like Western we had to bring in
East Germany and spend a trillion
dollars here China is also a
mercantilist state just like Germany and
they have to include all these people
America
where it's just like abandon those
people out in the Rust Belt out in the
middle of America it's like fend for
yourself dudes I mean the UK is kind of
similar right the whole northern area
the country they keep discussing should
we build a railway to the north you know
20 years include the people from
Manchester and Birmingham and Sheffield
who do we include them into our economy
in London and yeah for 20 years they've
been having this debate and there's
still this division going on so the
Chinese are saying you know what you
know we're gonna grow the economy by
actually making it an inclusive economy
and building infrastructure
appropriately yes so that basically
they're they're bringing in the West and
a lot of naysayers and the Western world
the Western economy the likes of you
know the the academia economists from
New York have always liked poo-pooed
their plan for high-speed rail that
they've been building across China
saying the peasants will never be able
to afford it but apparently according to
the data from this past year that the
peasants are affording it so it is
actually becoming viable and people are
using it because their incomes are going
up because we've outsourced all our jobs
there right maybe they'll build a stop
on their railway system right here at
the Kaiser report well don't go away
stay right there a little break when we
come back we're actually going to go to
China using the magic of television and
talk with someone in China stay right
there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Shanghai
and speak with Dan Collins of the China
money report Dan welcome back hey max
hey Dan let me let me ask you this the
Trump administration first national
defense strategy elevates China to its
number one threat it claims that China
practices predatory economics and calls
for sending in the Marines it sounds
like what the Frick is going on Dan well
yeah I heard that I read that and I kind
of flipped that into two areas I'd call
it economic and then military
economically speaking China is a neo
mercantilist economy we've talked about
it before they're gonna do
beggar-thy-neighbor economic policies
they're gonna set up their own tariff
barriers I mean any of you try to import
here something is 25% duty the exporter
the United States it's one or two
percent duty so China does towards for
its you know does what is in its own
interests Japan and South Korea did the
same thing to United States for decades
unless Detroit in Michigan hobbled and
the steel towns of Pennsylvania broke
but now in China does it China's too big
there's 20 Chinese for every Japanese so
now the Chinese is such an economic
juggernaut in terms of an economic
rivalry I think absolutely it is the
number one economic rivalry without a
doubt no country can come there I mean
Europe is kind of a you know looking
look at the technicals you know tech
scene in Europe whose almost
non-existent it's completely you know it
split there's really not a challenger at
this point Russia it's strong militarily
but economically still heavily dependent
on oil and gas China is really the main
rival economically speaking to the
United States with a caveat I would put
in there that you know the trade deficit
which President Trump is rightly
concerned about it's about 375 billion
dollars a year the United States half of
that is done by American multinational
companies that have set up in China so
we is train our worst enemy I don't
think so I think their arrival it's also
an opportunity but I think America's
number one threat is itself alright Dan
you've touched on a few things their
stuff mercantilism basically is the
strategy of winner-take-all so what goes
back to the 19th century and when the
world is on the gold standard and at the
end of the year people had to make good
on their obligations and there was some
elegance to and some balance to it that
there was some competition but in a
world of pure fiat currency where these
countries are able to print without any
backing like gold you have a different
strategy of emerge and of course China
has been pretty cagey in pegging their
currency to the dollar which has allowed
them to export their way to becoming
this huge global dominating economy at
the expense of American jobs but the
Americans are insulated by this because
the prices of stuff keep going down so
even though I my job has been destroyed
the cost of my clothes and electronics
keeps going down so I don't really sense
or feel the fact that I'm having my
lifestyle my standard of living crushed
so Dan the trigger point I mean when you
talk about this as always people say
there's a quid pro quo
there's a symbiotic relationship that
these two things whenever countries
aren't going to divorce this
relationship between hoarding dollars
versus exporting etc is that
relationship going to be severed at some
point is there a catalyst for it is it
happening now Dan yeah I mean eventually
with all the money printing is referred
to Max eventually the wheels fall off I
expected Japan I expected I expected a
major currency crisis in Japan years ago
still hasn't happened a United States if
you saw the recent budget numbers that
have come out we're now predicting a
deficit of a 1.3 trillion dollars in
that's not 2025 that's 2019 that's next
year we're gonna produce those kinds of
deficits in this kind of hot economy
which is you know pretty good in the
United States you know as it compared to
has been in the past decade but yeah
when that when the wheels fall off in
the money printing I don't know we will
see that you saw the 10-year ago too
three percent and I think bill grows out
of PIMCO said it well he said when the
Fed stops back from buying US debt who's
left to buy it
let me put forward this idea here so the
Cold War under the Reagan Gorbachev era
the country that spent the most on
military lost us kind of or the Russia's
tried to keep up with the US on military
spending and that was gutted their
economy in a lot of ways and they
crumbled is this kind of an interesting
situation where you've got America and
China and the country that prints the
most money is going to be the loser in
the end or if I got that backwards your
thoughts well I've often compared United
States to kind of a new Soviet Union
they where do you we keep printing money
the military kids keeps getting bigger
and bigger the new budget I refer to our
spending increase on the military's
larger than Russia's entire defense
budget so the military keeps getting
bigger and bigger the money the welfare
and the social system keeps getting
bigger bigger and bigger where the money
printing stops who knows I think it's
gonna end up with who has real assets
and who has the real economy China China
in from intensive purposes has the real
economy United States industrially
speaking has been gutted and when the
reset happens United States is gonna be
import dependent on almost everything
with a declining currency which makes up
for a nightmare scenario economically of
course when England was faced with a
similar trade imbalance going back a
couple hundred years or so they shipped
over a lot of opium to try to get the
Chinese hooked and create a demand for
opium the opium wars as they're known
what kid America sent over to China that
they might want aside from just opium I
was anything America's got that China
wants Dan well well you may have noticed
that the United States is a huge
importer of opiates from China now so we
have opium wars in Reverse
what mirac this is a catastrophe dad
we're losing on every front okay so what
about Chinese venture capital market
they're also leading the u.s. now yeah
they are they did five of the ten
largest deals this year if they think
they went over forty billion dollars the
biggest one was dd2 Shing which is the
uber of China they actually bought over
China
but a lot of money going into artificial
intelligence here we have face plus plus
and since time each guy almost half a
billion dollars these are the most
advanced facial recognition AI companies
in the world but yeah in terms of the
economic development just keeps
continuing continuing here so a lot of
climate change deniers of course will
disown my following question China's
building a polar Silk Road now that the
ice caps are melting you know even
though there's a wide scale belief that
that's impossible
but they're actually building that the
polar Silk Road and correct they
absolutely they came out trying to came
out with a white paper recently which
kind of spooked some people and shocked
them they want to do a underneath the
one belt one road project in the
maritime Silk Road they want to create a
polar Polar Silk Road so to speak as you
mentioned they believe due to climate
change that this route is opening up
they only sent about 16 ships this way
but if you envision a map looking down
on the Arctic and on your right you'd
have the north closer Russia and on the
left you have the left culture you have
the West on the north coast of Canada
but China would then if they open up
that row they'd be able to ship from
Shanghai to say Rotterdam and save 2,200
miles or about 20 days so the North
shipping road that white paper described
them the major benefits of this number
one being shipping routes but number two
they caught everyone's eyes with
Fisheries and oil and gas that that
region is supposed to have 22 percent of
the world's oil and gas reserves so just
China mentioning about it and the white
paper was a very friendly kind of yeah
let's work together guys economic
development it all makes sense but I
think it caught a lot of powers
especially in Canada and Russia and the
United States a little bit worried with
such a huge population resource hungry
population looking into areas where
there's very few people and a lot of
resources now Dan China has begun
cloning primates and when I read that
story the first thing I thought of are
the Terracotta armies the you know
thousands and thousands of these
terracotta soldiers
you know macchina gonna start breeding
cloned armies should this be a concern
dan well yeah yeah yeah I don't know
what cloned armies yet but you mentioned
the the primate was a pretty big
scientific breakthrough first primates
that have been cloned they can now clone
these you know many different genetic
genetically identical monkeys to using
human disease research so leaving the
ethical part of that aside I mean this
is kind of a gonna be a big breakthrough
coming out of China but back to your
back to your comment is if you can clone
a primate you can definitely clone a
human being and they wouldn't be
surprised if China is not experimenting
with it all right so what is P for bio
lab they opened it up over there in
China what what is that well in another
scientific I mean another issue another
thing we can point to the progress
China's making in science science in
life sciences area p4 bio lab is the
first lab in Asia that can work with the
world's most deadly pathogens like Ebola
it took over a decade for that lab to
get put in place but the first one in
Asia is now in China in Wuhan so yeah I
mean it's the level of Science and
Technology here is really you know at
the top now okay so what we're saying
here is that the high end of developed
countries infrastructure for technology
and business in China is now surpassing
other countries is what we're kind of
suggesting here is that the bioscience
and these infrastructure play financial
maneuvers this is now no longer just the
world's work house the world's workbench
or a warehouse they are now leapfrogged
into is the Chinese middle class now I
mean the idea was we're going to peg our
currency to the dollar and we're all
gonna work on slave wages until we
dominate the global economy then we're
gonna dump the dollar and we're gonna
have 300 million to a half a billion
middle class consumers is that happening
it is happening but yeah that's what
they wanted by 2025 they want to have
like a
the middle class they call it like 1
billion people within an income of
$20,000 a year or more I think that's on
track there are large pockets of
population though that have not got on
the economic development train China's
very concerned about that that's
probably their number one concern I mean
two quick questions down the debt
meltdown we've talked about it many
times is it happening or is it not
happening
no sign in China of a delta of a debt
meltdown and all the you know the banks
are still you know the banks are still
stayed on so a lot there's not a lot of
transparency there but there's in terms
of just general economics here I see no
signs of any debt issues and the
economy's going pretty strong alright
the foreign reserves are once again
climbing in January so the RMB climbed
the fastest in 40 years comment on that
in 20 seconds yeah absolutely the
remedies been skyrocketing since 28
teens faster than anyone's ever seen
everybody's talking about it
the Bundesbank has said they're gonna
put they have RMB in their reserves and
it's gonna be a strategic currency they
only hold 1% today of remedy of their
reserve so imagine the pricing pressure
on their RMB as all the world's central
banks start to add RMB so I think they
got a cutter up their call thanks so
much for being on the Kaiser report
thanks max all right well that's gonna
do it for this edition of the cars a
report with me Max Keiser and Stacy
Herbert I want to thank our guest Dan
Collins of the China money report the
smartest guy over there if you wanna
reach us on twitter it's Kaiser report
the next time bye y'all
