some people on Twitter in the US are
seeing there are kinds blocked and their
list of followers deleted twitter has
allegedly branded some people with
conservative views as bots how soon will
twitter low cloud be trending apparently
thousands have accounts all received a
same locales message at the same moment
had to provide phone and then a texted
verification code twitter locked me out
tonight lost 2,000 followers simply
because i'm conservative voice exposing
liberal democracy wonder how many bots
are I mean followers Donald Trump lost
tonight conservative Twitter users are
accusing Twitter of intentionally
restricting or blocking right-leaning
voices and they're even holding the
company responsible for missing
followers calling it a great Twitter
purge and some famous users have even
been blocked like mike cirno vich and
the son of michael Flint and it's pretty
widespread the hashtag Twitter lockout
has even been trending on social media
but no official comments from Twitter as
yet some people online think that it
could be a purge of so-called Russian
bot accounts us this all comes amid
claims of alleged Russian influence but
Twitter announced back in January that
they would be doing this purge to combat
so-called Russian influence but it seems
to have backfired there are now claims
that real people were locked out of
their accounts in fact when Twitter
launched the first wave of purges there
was an American woman whose Twitter
account was suspended because an
employee thought she was a Russian bot
when I realized it was permanent I was a
little shocked Twitter kept saying that
it was a permanent been suspicions
because of harassment and I couldn't get
them to explain to me who had our rest
it came back and told that it was
because I was part of a Russian
operative yes that I was somehow working
for Russia part of the Russian BOTS that
were sending out negative information
during the elections well for some time
now twitter has been helping the US
government catch these magical Russian
BOTS who somehow managed to sway
elections and they've detected a massive
number of them let's look back at a
project paratus investigation for an
idea on how they judge who's a Russian
bot and who's not a Russian bot yeah
you know I won it because you know it
offends me to say I see I command this
little thing in an Eagles we also spoke
to Christian manchuria lawyer political
activist and congressional candidate he
believes that the move goes against one
of America's core values freedom of
speech form like Twitter Facebook or
Instagram these are forms where people
have the ability of expressing their
freedom of speech and their opinions I
think that that's the point of these
social media sites so if they begin to
censor people just because they're
coming under pressure then you know
what's gonna come next I think that this
country has been characterized always
for the protection of freedom of speech
regardless of what you think and as long
as the message that you're portraying is
not racially offensive or sexually
offensive and you know other ways
possible then you cannot censor the
opinion of a person simply because they
go against you or simply because you
disagree with them
