we continue our look at recent
discoveries from Japan's official
archives which shed light on the grim
government-run eugenics program which
left thousands of people infertile over
the decades that it was in force
Jaqueline Booga has their story
records of only a fraction of the people
subjected to sterilization have been
revealed but this may finally help the
victims to get justice after decades of
suffering and some were already taking
action I had a hard time going through
the middle school that's when I was
diagnosed with a mental disability my
teacher took me for a medical check and
then I was taken to hospital that's all
I remember
at home my parents told me that I was
operated on and now I cannot have babies
my father does forced to sign documents
by my teacher and welfare offices there
are many more victims the government
should make apologies and pay
compensation to them it's believed
they're up to 25 thousand victims all
under the eugenics protection law
enforced for almost 40 years as late as
the mid 90s the procedures were in order
to quote preserve the purity of the
Japanese race people with mental
disabilities or hereditary diseases were
targeted but misdiagnosis of such
conditions was common causing even more
unnecessary suffering we managed to
speak to the relative of one such victim
when I got married my mother-in-law told
me that my sister has been sterilized
after I made an information disclosure
request I found out she was only 15 when
the operation took place genetic mental
disease was the only listed reason for
her sterilization
however it's not true when she was a
one-year-old she became mentally
handicapped because of the anesthesia
treatment doctors gave her so she didn't
have a genetic condition in over 16,000
cases the procedure was even carried out
without consent and shockingly victims
were as young as nine years old appeals
to admit the practice had taken place
were dismissed for years with victims
being told that the evidence was simply
gone village the question is who's
responsible for all of this to me it's
the government's fault they executed the
program as well as the national
legislature which adopted the law they
need to take responsibility make
apologies as soon as
doctors were also responsible but in a
way that we used by the government I
think that the now-defunct eugenic
protection law existed for the sole
purpose to read Japan of disabled people
when I requested the disclosure of the
documents regarding my sister's surgery
they told me the files which are said to
have been strictly processed had been
thrown away the evidence of the
mutilation of my sister's body was
simply trashed in the case of another
victim miss Suzuka the documents were
thrown into the fire when I heard about
it I was beside myself with anger
hotlines have been set up to bring
together victims for what's likely to be
an extremely long and traumatic battle
for justice
but while victims won compensation they
say money isn't the main reason their
goal is to create awareness to ensure
that horrors like this never take place
again
