hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
is the day of reckoning coming will the
liberal corporate media ever own up to
their dismal and even dishonest coverage
of what is called Russia gate there is
growing evidence the media are at the
very center of this fake scandal
crosstalking the fake news media I'm
joined by my guest
cha resort L in New York he is a private
investor in writer as well as the host
of a podcast show Sunday with Charles
also in New York we have donned a bar
he's an anti-war activist and host of a
daily radio program and in London we
have Adam Gauri he is the director of
Eurasia future all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means he
can jump in any time you want
let me go to Adam first in in London
Adam if I didn't know better watching
the cable network news I would have
thought that it is a next Lex series a
very bad series that should have been
canceled probably after its pilot but no
it goes on and on and on and has no
reflection to reality let's take for
example the the indictment of 13
Russians I looked at CNN and MSNBC I
didn't have any indication whatsoever
they actually read the indictment and
all they do is go on and on and on we
have Matthew chance from CNN in st. st.
Petersburg Russia going through the
trash the garbage of that troll farm
that's well I guess trash meets trash
go ahead Adam well that really is truly
a marriage made in heaven and it's
symptomatic of the image of a kind of
stereotypical image of what the
mainstream media is doing the very sad
part and there is a tragedy buried
within the lies which themselves are
wrapped up in a force and that is that
these people who are peddling the Russia
Gatemouth have failed to even
acknowledge that the United States is no
longer a democracy and I I'm sad about
that I take no joy in saying it instead
it's a kleptocracy which instead is
super which itself is supervised by an
oligarchy this oligarchy is made up of
the military-industrial complex foreign
intelligence agencies the corporate okra
see and this collective thing that we
all know and not so much love as the
deep state if they were truly concerned
about democracy in the United States
they talked about how to reform it to
even get it back to a level where it is
actually something that resembles rule
of the people where the people listen to
the people are being totally ignored and
the only
they talk about is Russia Russia didn't
rigged a system that itself is rigged in
an airtight manner okay Charles let me
go to you because if you take your time
and you look at it logically without
bias and you know we can just take one
major piece of this fake story that fake
dossier by Christopher steel but if you
look at the timelines of all of the
quote unquote leaks because they're
intentional is that you have all these
mainstream outlets having knowledge or
some knowledge of the dossier and they
dribble it out because they all thought
because they're all liberal outlets that
Hillary was gonna win anyway so nobody
was going to be held accountable for it
I could go through the the the outlets
here the New York Times The Washington
Post Yahoo News the New York or CNN
Mother Jones Reuters BBC I can go on and
on and you know this was an open secret
is this to say a scandal created by the
media and then it just bounced and
bounced around their own echo chamber go
ahead Charles I totally agree I mean we
could go back before the Obama years but
let's start with the Obama years and to
understand this game on context we have
to ask the question who authorized
Hillary Clinton to monetize the State
Department through her foundation using
proper private servers their unsecured
devices starting January 21st 2009 I
mean and how come the media didn't look
into any of that and I think the answer
is the media was captured certainly
under the Obama years by people who
wanted to stay on the right side of the
Obama team wanted Obama to be reelected
saw the virtues in Hillary ultimately
becoming president so they could carry
on the same game this scandal is a
classic example of gaslighting with the
Clinton team and the Obama team at
support and the media and support
accusing the right-wing and the Trump
administration of the very things they
were doing in spades which is from July
10th 2015 it is in the public record the
FBI had opened an investigation into
Hillary Clinton's misuse of classified
information
we won't yet see we want public hasn't
yet seen the Inspector General report
when that report comes out I expect it
will be explosive it's gonna be a lot
bigger than you know $500 worth of
Facebook ads and
Midwestern state this is this is all
about miss mishandling of classified
information potentially for the economic
benefit of supporters of the Democratic
Party in the deep state and possibly
even into the zone of treason that's a
real scandal and the mainstream media
has discredit itself in this country and
around the world in my view done you
know the interesting thing for me is
that when Rod Rosenstein of all people
to be honest with you was reading out
that indictment I mean he needs he needs
to get in front of a grand jury I mean
seriously
and he's reading it out I mean that's a
classic example of taking out the
garbage on Friday that changed the topic
here oh because by the way I think
Muller and his team they're all paid by
the hour how many more hours of a good
they gonna be paid I mean they're gonna
be able to retire on this and support
their grandchildren on this ok but ton
you know let's go back to the 13
indictments I mean when I saw it
Rosen's things I saw it on YouTube I
read the indictment and the first
question that came to my mind
well where is Christopher Steele's name
he wasn't a registered as a foreign
agent he didn't register with the
Federal Elections Commission I mean
everything they accused these young kids
they were basically interns at this
troll farm applies to Christopher Steele
but in the mainstream media the cable
crazy people didn't even one of them
there are legal experts didn't even draw
that conclusion that was the first
conclusion I came to go ahead doc well
first of all you have to look at what
exactly this indictment is coming from a
grand jury and what the grand jury
process is you know famously that's been
described as a process where a
prosecutor can indict a ham sandwich
yeah this was a term that was coined by
the former head of the state court
system here in New York who himself
ended up getting indicted on his way out
of his career and this is a process that
took place a grand jury came out of the
grand jury pool it was in Washington DC
district court district was Columbia
district court the most
heavily democratic election district or
court district in the United States and
so if you look at polling data on what
people believe about was quote-unquote
Russian Gate Democrats in a vast
majority buy into this whole narrative
and so the jury pool you have a group of
people who are in a process that can
will follow basically wherever the
prosecutor leads them who are already
inclined to buy into this thing and so
they didn't require any evidence that
actually none was presented in the
indictment to the public we don't know
what was shown to the grand jury but
what they recite that show into the
grand jury doesn't make a case at all so
the thing itself
no but Don is also on top on top of this
Don also is that those Russian nationals
will never face trial they know that
there's a there is no extradition treaty
between the two countries it was just
that it was yeah that's it I mean it was
just for display here Adam let me go to
you because it was interesting for me
and looking at because I wanted to say
something to that okay let me go to Adam
we'll pick it up later I just wanted to
say something to that point the point
essentially is this if I were running
the group in st. Petersburg if I
represented or owned one of those
corporate entities I would have it
appear in the process and do a discovery
demand and you know send you because
corporation can appear by council not
the principal's they don't have to come
and have them come and defend it and
make them disclose the case because the
reason that they brought it in the first
place is exactly what you said these are
people that will never end up in court
they're not planning on it so I would go
in with the corporation and appear in
court and do a discovery demand show us
your case and then and release it to the
public they don't want a case they just
wanted a propaganda of the score a
propaganda point here you know Adam that
the interesting thing about the timing
of the indictments being announced is
that it tries to tried to hide the
developing scandal real scandal that is
developing at the DOJ in the FBI this is
another thing they do not want to talk
about there are real facts there there
are real documents we have we have
exchanges between people we know who
they are we know what
talking about that is real everything
else I mean the 17 trolls I mean it
wasn't even political you guys they were
just trying to make money shake some
money out of gullible American Americans
on Facebook and Twitter I mean it was a
business properly wasn't politics
go ahead Adam first of all in terms of
the FBI and the DOJ what we're seeing
now is a bigger scandal than the overtly
political impeachment of Andrew Johnson
in the 1860s because at least there it
was politicians who were being political
albeit bending some of the rules which
they themselves were supposed to abide
by now we see agencies that are supposed
to be apolitical
they're supposed to police things from
becoming too political and too biased
and they are acting on behalf of a
political party and it's party
leadership we have a triangle a bermuda
triangle if you will between the FBI the
DOJ the Democratic Party and it's just
become a square because we can add the
UK intelligence in terms of this
Christopher steel have failed
a failed UK version of the CIA man let's
put it that way who then went into
writing bogus intelligence which was
really just paid for fiction by the
Hillary Clinton campaign and the
Democratic Party and instead of talking
about this which just shows what an
oligarchy the United States has
tragically become they're talking about
something in Russia which also happens
in India in Pakistan throughout East
Asia you can buy ads where people on
Twitter or Facebook comment on your
posts like your posts interact problem
you'll get the things you're talking
about and it's all perfectly legal it's
also perfectly legal to use a pseudonym
online well in fact sorry madam
Adam before we go to the break here our
viewers have to take this on board how
many other countries around the world
and organizations it exactly what that
troll farm did okay how many I bet you
we could stay here for hours and named
people that bought ads but that's never
mentioned what about Saudi Arabia what
about Qatar what about Turkey what about
Israel there it's not mentioned no they
weren't meddling they meddle in our
elections all the time gentlemen I'm
gonna jump in here we're gonna go to a
short break and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on fake
news media welcome back to crosstalk
where all things are considered on peter
lamella room and you were discussing
fake news media
let me go back to Charles in New York
not that I feel sorry for him but you
know what's the situation and I'm
talking about the mainstream media the
corporate mainstream media is that
they're so invested in this story that
they can't actually turn back I mean
this is the problem they've built up
this imaginary world where they're
hiding under their beds at night with
the light on it they actually I believe
that they do believe it's real because
of their ideological blindness and
hatred and they've gotten so used to it
that it has to it has to somehow succeed
I mean you look at Rachel Maddow do you
ever see her going on her program and
say we were wrong and we I apologize to
my viewers that's ain't gonna happen
under any circumstances whatsoever
because say it'll go further and farther
up the chain you know Lewis mentioned
this lunatic you know if the New York
Times or The Guardian disagrees with her
well then there's working for Putin you
see it gets it's gotten to the point of
madness go ahead Charles well actually
the real irony here is there's something
called her weather what something called
the journalist which was a list of
journalists who all were sort of
coordinating message and I suspect
strongly one of the reasons the
mainstream is resisting this story and
pushing the wrong story is there are a
lot of mainstream journalists and family
members who likely were paid off and out
of this 12 million bucks it's supposedly
the Democrats the Hillary Clinton
campaign pushed in and we don't yet know
how much of it came before the election
and how much of it came after the
election that is a massive scandal you
should not be able to buy a journalist
via a political campaign I suspect
that's that's unbelievably illegal as
well well let me go to Don I don't know
if it's illegal but it's certainly
immoral okay and it really shows the
level of professionalism that exists
right now I mean this is the greatest
irony because Donald Trump was never
supposed to win in the minds of these
people and that's why we see so many
irregularities corruption fraud all
kinds of things because they never
thought they would have to own up to it
I mean it was just business as usual
rigged the Democratic primary and then
try to rig the general and then in and
then you close the circle here and
that's really that's in a they have this
cultural hatred for Trump but they're
actually fearing for their their their
lives in many respect because the level
of corruption the the real swamp that
they were living in is being exposed
slowly but surely based on facts not on
opinions and I think that's what we need
to stress most I don't say anything I
haven't been able to verify on CNN and
MSNBC you know if you slip a little
piece of paper under the door and write
something you know they'll repeat it on
air we already found that out go ahead
Don well first of all in the music
industry there was a practice known as
Paola radio deejays would basically
solicit money from the producers or the
artist you know musicians here here's a
hundred bucks play my record you know
three times a day or something and this
became widespread practice and then
there were criminal massive criminal
prosecutions throughout the industry
over this and this was just over how
music gets played on the air it's not
something is fundamental to the
operation of a society as the news and
we're talking about something you know
of an entirely different order when
we're talking about what you know what
we're talking about here what Charles
was referring to so you have that to
consider first of all secondly today you
know I've always fought on the one hand
there's some room in Langley or
somewhere where they're cooking all this
stuff up and spewing it out from someone
having a big picture of the massive
public relations effort that's been
underway for a couple of years now to
take Trump out and and to push this
Russia thing and yet I'm looking at the
newsstand today the New York Times next
to the New York Daily News and in the
New York Times it says essentially
Russia
BOTS jumping on the chance to divide the
American public over the shooting in
Florida they said it in fewer words on
the other hand right next to it there's
a full-page picture on the Daily News of
Donald Trump playing golf saying can I
play through that says Trump plays golf
less than a mile from scene of shooting
in other words they're doing exactly in
a full-page
but what they're accusing Russian BOTS
is doing which is dividing people over
the issue of these kids getting murdered
in Florida and I'm wondering you know I
see this obvious thing on a newsstand
one newspaper next to another and
throughout the New York area those two
papers lie next to each other on a
newsstand but I'm wondering if whoever
is doing the little segmented push of
you know this narrative if anybody
there's actually seeing these things
side by side because those two things
are contradictory it's very interesting
Adam you know we're looking at the big
picture like what Don was just saying
right there
I mean we had that case a couple of
months ago where you know the the Trump
in the Trump campaign knew of the
WikiLeaks dump 10 days before and then
they got the date wrong right okay and a
number of the of the outlets ran with
the story almost simultaneously and I
have to say and I'm gonna be very
careful with my words because I do
believe in being responsible as a
journalist here one could easily get the
impression that they are singing from
the same hem sheep and they they have
all this information simultaneously
because if you look at the Nootka
newscast they are remarkably similar
remarkably even rhetorically they're
very similar here I mean this is this is
a concerted effort right now and then
when one makes a mistake they all make a
mistake and they all make fools of
themselves
they destroy their reputation and they
never apologize ever to their viewer go
ahead Adam you're absolutely right and
it's what in the 50s was called
operation Mockingbird right all of the
mainstream media outlets were fed
certain stories that went with a pro
Intelligence Agency line some of them
knew that they were doing the bidding of
this oligarchy and some of them were the
youthful idiots who actually believed
the nonsense and the lies and the myths
truths that they were spewing out and
this was of course at a time when the
u.s. was really good at rigging and
hacking elections we can talk about the
illegal removal of the Mossadegh
government in Iran or the removal of the
IND government in Chile in the 1970s so
when it comes to tampering in other
people's democracies I would say that
the CIA cooze
and the occasional military invasions
that the u.s. does let alone iran-contra
while they were allies with Saddam
selling money to the Iranians his
enemies and filtering the profits to the
right-wing in Nicaragua and this country
is worried about people on Twitter in
Russia 13 people on Twitter
it's the perspective necessary in their
average wage was $1,500 a month okay and
their primary business was concerned was
in Russia and not in the United States
you know Adam since you mentioned that
you know I have a suggestion maybe you
can think about it we could do a
marathon program of the 81 elections
around the world that the u.s. meddled
in up to 2000 are you game that'll be a
long program and Russia's got an
election coming up next month so that
listen might have just got longer well
we'll see how that one goes
Charles you know one of the interesting
things and I think everybody would at
least agree on one thing is that the
United States is a very divided nation
right now more divided than I've ever
seen in my life and it's only getting
worse but the fact that they're peddling
this story in the mainstream media is
only making it worse because there are
plenty of people like ourselves rational
people we do have political opinions but
you know what the other the half of the
country is so alienated by this
narrative it has nothing to do with
their lives what so ever it doesn't mean
anything to them it does to these
ideologically driven leftist marxist
radicals in the media that means
everything it's their identity but when
it comes to the average rank-and-file
people the story is is alien to them
even the CNN on an off-the-cuff comment
even admitted that okay so if you want
to talk about a divided nation who's
dividing it seventeen trolls in st.
Peter's st. Petersburg Russia or the
media go ahead Charles I think it's very
much the Clinton wing perhaps supported
by the Bush nevertrump wing of the
Republican Party I mean if you go into
hard facts that are on the FBI wall file
which we can assume I
our facts by February of 2016
February early February the FBI in the
State Department had concluded that
Hillary Clinton mishandled 2115 emails
out of the 30,000 490 that she
reluctantly turned over December 5th
2014 I mean that is a staggering fact
because why didn't Bernie care about the
emails why didn't the Bernie wing push
hard they could have actually gotten
Bernie to you the nominee and why aren't
those people extremely upset with this
whole process not just the Trump
supporters I actually think we're very
close in this country to a hopeful
moment where people on the on the Left
the Bernie supporters the people who
want change a different way via Trump
are gonna look at this mess and say you
know what it's time for a house cleaning
out of CNN out of the New York Times out
of the Wall Street Journal out of all
these people who are relentlessly
focused on a false tale a damaging false
tale that is hurting relations between
two great powers the United States and
Russia for too long I think this could
be a pivotal moment that we're close to
done way in there cuz I've often thought
that myself here because I would have
thought I would have liked to have seen
Trump go up against Bernie Sanders
because I think there would have been a
real national conversation instead of
the corporatist determining the
narrative and the message and all of
that well you can take your pick I mean
I think that would have been an honest
choice between I mean we had two
insurgents grassroots popular appealing
and I think that that would have would
have really given a shot in the arm of
American democracy
but what we have now is we're left with
these people like I keep saying he Trump
was never supposed to be President and
that's why we're seeing all of this
corruption and it's coming from the left
it's coming from liberals that's where
the corruption is here go ahead done
yeah I would say liberals not the left
those two words okay I understand that
okay what and definitely liberals yeah
okay so so look first of all you know
when you look at what the phenomenon in
in 2016 the sociological phenomenon we
were looking at going into it first of
all people in the streets black lives
matter and all of that you know
following
people in the streets would occupy and
the discussion of class and the 99% you
know becoming front and center in this
society for the first time polling data
that people don't respect the
institutions or look at the institutions
as being capable of solving their
problems anymore lack of legitimacy then
you see Sanders rise in the Democratic
Party as an insurgent as you said riding
on the back of exactly that the the
Democratic Party institution is the
Clintons all of that lacking legitimacy
Trump exactly the same he's an outsider
instead of Bush the insider and Cruz and
Rubio all the insiders the whole lot of
them were rejected by Republican voters
right on I'm sorry Eddie
I was the most I'm sorry done I have to
jump in here we've run out of time
fascinating talking to all of you many
thanks to my guests in New York and in
London and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
