we start with breaking news here on RT
International a Syrian pro-government
forces are now entering the northern
Kurdish held region of Afrin and that's
according to our t's correspondent who
is at the scene
it comes after multiple reports that
Damascus has made a deal with Kurds and
Afrin to help them fight a Turkish army
offensive however these reports are not
yet confirmed on Tuesday president air
Dewan announced that turkey's army will
encircle Afrin in a bid to outs Kurdish
forces the preparation on the ground
takes time in the coming days but will
lay siege to the city
Kurdish teachers and school children
have marched through Afrin in protest
over the Turkish military offensive in
their region Kurdish YPG militias have
previously denied reports that they've
reached a deal with Assad's forces
meanwhile Ankara says it would welcome
Syrian army efforts as long as they only
target what turkey calls efference
terrorists
