anonymous trader has bought 400 million
dollars worth of Bitcoin ultimately
pushing up their value to around $11,000
now the purchase becoming visible thanks
to blockchain technology during the last
days of the world blockchain economic
forum in Singapore Arty's Miguel Francis
Santiago caught up with a former Mexican
President to discuss the future of
blockchain technology asla tokens
economic blockchain forum and Singapore
was in its last day I managed to catch
up of Mexico's ex-president percent a
fox Quesada who was very keen on
bringing people together with blockchain
technology my podcast is that if we keep
NAFTA going and maybe if we a concept
like math that we enhance it we do it
better through innovation and technology
that are needed in one generation more
we're going to be one to one Mexico
United the state working together we
will be much stronger why did you choose
to become such an active participant in
it this meeting up in my eyes is like
discovering the world again the world of
banking the world of people to reduce
poverty to create middle classes to
create a better world we need to move
fast many people is getting desperate I
will say that the world of disorder is
growing faster than the world of order
and this is a potential Catholic to the
future
according to the UN four billion people
live without an address including Mexico
they're not necessarily poor but they do
not have a shipping address because they
are inadequately serviced by their
government in turn they experience
social segregation and are unable to
participate in online commerce the only
blockchain solution present the
conference with a working app for this
part of the world's disorder to my
surprise was a Russian startup called
Navi address they are currently planning
to work with Mexico Asia and other
places around the world who have people
living without an address we development
markets the addressing system that
provides users with a unified digital ID
z for places and objects on the world
and general suggest we concentrate just
on providing you know
populist people in the world
verified by DS or addresses to their
places and locations there's a huge
issue there because now these people
just have detached from the online and
shared economy so just we believe that's
our solution would help a lot change
they just the way they leave they were
they interact with governments with
online economy and just with other users
you need patience to see process of
development it doesn't happen by the
miracle except that you can accelerate
the pace with technology acceleration
blockchain new ideas that's today's
world
