capital of Libya is in danger of losing
its historic heritage due to the current
instability in the country tripolis
ancient sites have been neglected and
left out in the open one photographer
from the city has launched a social
media campaign to try and raise
awareness
Armidale Kadima here Ted Easter the old
city is our history
it's our past historically it is the
oldest trading city in Africa
I like to take photos of the old city
it's my passion
each term in Sinaloa 50 there is no
restoration and preservation of ancient
buildings
Mintzberg hammer a lot of people took
part on twitter they uploaded photos of
the old city taken by me and other
people they wrote about the city so
there was an effect the concerns about
the historic heritage of Libya are
shared by UNESCO as well the
organization has put five of the
country's sights on the World Heritage
in danger list
citing the conflict affecting Libya some
of those sites are date back centuries
and even millennia
