hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered on peter Lavelle
who would have thought 13 Russians three
entities and some cash could impact an
American presidential election this is
where Russia gate stands today also more
twists and turns in the messy conflict
known as Syria
crosstalking those 13 Russians I'm
joined by my guest mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have Alexandre Meekers
he is a writer on legal affairs as well
as editor-in-chief of the dur√°n calm and
we have Dimitri Bobbitt she's a
political analyst with Sputnik
International as always gentlemen cross
thought girls in fact that means you can
jump any time you want and I always
appreciate let's go to those 13 Russians
three entities and all that cash maybe
not so much cash Alexander you've been
writing about it from a legal
perspective give us your major takeaways
the first point to say is that of course
none of these people are going to be
tried so mr. Muller has prepared a very
complicated portentous li worded
indictment which is never going to be
tested because there is no extradition
no extradition law the Russians are not
going to extradite these people they get
to stay in Russia so you doesn't have to
prove any of the things that he has said
what seems to have happened is that some
of these people have engaged in trolling
on the Internet and they've done things
which let's be straightforward are ugly
things mr. Malla but not unheard of and
not just stinking specifically to Russia
with you nothing you hear at all I mean
anybody who goes on the internet comes
across trolls what mr. Muller has done
is he wants to prove that there is this
vast intricate dangerous conspiracy he's
put that all this together
he's labeled the Internet
agency and some Petersburg is
responsible and he's trolled around for
various laws that he can stick offenses
against these people on essentially what
this was if you read the indictment this
was a commercial marketing is what it
was and and even the indictment itself
admits that it was Pro and anti-trump
romantic Hillary Clinton and for
everything in between
I mean there's no specific political
force to it there's no connections at
all
there's not even any allege any
connections between this supposed
company which is run by a guy who's
known as
pootin chef because he ran a catering
business but before that is that
catering businesses for Russian school
choose liberal media so in Russia that
labelled him that and there's no
connections at all to the Russian
government
there's no connections at all to the
Trump administration the Trump campaign
or any of the other four people I'm
completely unrelated and and you know
spurious charges that Muller has charge
any of the other four people who have
been indicted on tax charges so for
anything else so we have four
indictments before this now we have
these indictments of 13 individuals ever
betrayed and three entities and none of
them have any any connection with the
Russian government rapport with or the
trumpet's enough that they were Russians
they were alive in 2016 and they posted
something on Facebook that Americans
could see it doesn't matter that 95
percent of the European media was very
Pro Hillary and anti Trump during the
campaign and Americans could read
millions of pages of their stuff during
their campaign that's not important what
is important is that these 13 Russians
did it well let me quote make this to
various quote from Leonid but 60 he is a
writer Bloomberg is a writer for
Bloomberg he used to be a liberal
Russian journalist now he lives abroad
he writes about Russia just like Marcia
Gessen the difference is that he knows a
thing or two about Russian history and
literature like Masha Gessen
so here's what he wrote I am actually
surprised I haven't been indicted I'm
Russian I was in the US in 2016 and I
published columns critical of both
Clinton and Trump without registering as
a Russian agent a that goes to my next
point
Alexander given what we just heard from
Dima then Christopher Steele should be
indicted as well he's a foreigner he
wasn't registered as a foreign agent he
didn't
report to the Federal Election
Commission about what he was doing I
mean this is a glaring dmitriy Babbage
is the unnamed 14th regiment that could
be very possible let me go back to the
question Christopher steer steel because
I think it's really important the
questions been answered I mean all the
things that people have been indicted
for Christopher steel has done he has
lied to the FBI he is interfered in the
u.s. election he has done so secretly he
has been phoning up newspapers he has
been publishing information in a dossier
that's very far he hasn't registered
there's any kind of foreign agent and so
why hasn't he been indicted why is that
this resistance on the part of the
Justice Department to indict this is
probably when I find most puzzling of
all Alexander is the trumps Trump's own
DOJ and FBI
maybe it's slightly different in a
situation with the FBI with the DOJ why
isn't it moving there that wisdoms a
mystery to me
because if that trumps every we've
talked about it plenty of times with us
before Trump has no power of his own
administration he's he's certainly given
away foreign and military policy his own
Justice Department is it is pursuing him
and you know this cabal of generals
McMaster mattis Mick masters and Kelly
keeps them in a little playpen and then
you know he's only real power is
tweeting and ident Lee he's not allowed
to do that whenever he wants as well
well I mean it's it's an attempt to use
19th century legislation to 21st century
the realities I mean in the 19th century
maybe it was illegal to bring pamphlets
in favor of one of the candidates during
the campaign now we live in an
electronically interconnected world if I
want my American friends to read my
opinion on Trump or on Hillary I just
post it on the internet I post it on
Facebook doesn't know and Twitter
doesn't know borders absolutely now
makes you a criminal
but it makes me a criminal in the eyes
of mr. muoi okay well let's talk about
election meddling a couple of days ago
on the Laura Ingraham program the ex of
the former a head of the CIA James was
Lee was on and she asked a few questions
about his reaction to the indictments
and then she talked about election
meddling but American election meddling
abroad let's take a look
have we ever tried to meddle in other
countries elections Oh probably but it
was for the good of the system in order
to avoid the Communists from taking over
for example in Europe in 47 48 49 the
Greeks and the Italians we only for a
very good for a good ladies and
gentlemen our good viewers that was the
former head of the CIA who wants to go
first let me speak about him in the way
Western media speaks about the head of
the CIA a former CIA you know if we use
the language that they use about mr.
Putin occur okay maybe general a former
head of the Freedom House after that who
said in the early 2000s mr. Bashar
al-assad mr. Mubarak were coming after
you which was actually true you know and
he is not mad he's not interfering in
other countries elections you know just
some Ukraine was the the crown jewel I
mean looking for forced regime illegal
change there I wanted to react to that
because you know they both chuckled okay
I mean for me that's a jaw-dropping you
know you you're accusing a foreign
country and a very powerful one Russia
of doing something against your country
without any evidence whatsoever beyond a
troll farm okay and there is ample
evidence mountains of evidence the
United States medals in elections it has
for decades and and it's probably doing
so exactly right now what
when I was in Greece in 1968 when there
was a coup he refers to Greece
I was actually taken prisoner
at the age of seven by the people who
carried out the us-backed coup and the
house where we used to live was taken
over by a family from the u.s. embassy
so it's not actually such a
light-hearted or funny thing if you look
at the entire segment is it you know if
if the US doesn't it's okay if anybody
else does it it isn't okay that's the
double standard for a little bit of
literature I know you're prepared I know
yes all right so this is about the
projection from the US on to other
countries like Russia of what it does
the Guardian revealed u.s. spy operation
that manipulates social media this is
from 2011 the US military the Pentagon
is developing software that it will let
it secretly manipulate social media
sites by using fake online personas to
influence internet conversations and
spread pro-american propaganda and it
specifically notes that the discovery
the US military is doing this with fake
online personalities sock puppets could
also encourage other governments private
corporations and government
organizations also here do we there was
a program with on Twitter and they does
the same thing visa V Cuba this is the
US military what we've just heard
alleged there's no connection to the
next one one more minute before the GHC
q this the British version of the
National Security Agency does the same
thing overwhelming evidence we have a
database from Carnegie Mellon using the
US government's own data they've meddled
in other elections 81 times only up to
2000 not counting coos and regime
changes and of course the famous how can
we forget this picture Time magazine
Russia the Americans openly helped
Yeltsin in a rigged election keep our
Yanks to the rescue they were quite
proud about their meddling back then
they even made a movie spinning Boris
congratulating the news agencies thank
you
don't forget about this date you know
well I think it's just a classical case
of double standards you know but you
know that it's interesting you're right
but they don't see it that way they
can't see this far away from their face
when it comes to issues like this well
you know the problem is also with our
elite you know the response of Russian
it is usually you are using us in your
internal policy struggle well for a
totalitarian ideology with global
aspirations which is now raining in the
United States there is no difference
between foreign and domestic policy your
foreign policy is part of your domestic
policy so you know they were trying to
recover your good over short break and
after that short break we'll continue
what is a discussion on those 13
Russians stay with our D welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter LaBelle to remind
you were discussing some real news
alright gentleman's it's a switch gears
here let's go back to serious go back to
the Middle East last couple of days we
had Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and
Ankara trying to smooth some feathers I
mean both countries would realize that
they're at a crisis point here
after a three-hour meeting with the
Turkish president air21 there's the
impression at least that some kind of
agreement was made I don't get that
impression the way it was what was
released here mark what was the point of
the meeting and what is the the main
bone of contention here because it's
these our NATO allies and they're going
toe to toe no Dino's in a country Syria
where neither one of them should be go
handle this this was obviously too for
Washington to hold Oregon's hands try to
reassure him it was it's they're over
there arming of the YPG on Turkish
border apparents enters the Kurds and
owning a large chunk basically claiming
as it of their own of Syrian territory
again much of it right on the Turkish
and sand and the Iraqi border so Turkey
is extremely upset about this there were
these optics didn't do much because even
as Tillerson was arriving there was the
announcement that the Pentagon is going
to be giving another 550 million dollars
this year to armed and otherwise support
these forces that he's very obsessive
but there has to be a tipping point here
Dima I mean Erewhon is and is invested
enormous ly in this operation here olive
branch on unbelievably that's called the
invasion of Syria here I mean and the
United States is not making it but it's
saying depending on it saying it will
stay in Syria indefinitely against
international law here something has to
go one way or another well what happened
was that the United States indeed kind
of provoked 13 to move in and that's was
that was said by all Foreign Minister
Sergey Lavrov who said because of the
support of the Kurds a lot of the Kurds
and you know this border security forces
that the Americans started talking about
they didn't tell the Turks didn't help
provoke were provided a pre-tensioned
and basically I don't even understand
why mr. Tilson is talking to to Eragon
because Eragon has been saying the same
things as kim jong on about the United
States in the last two weeks he accused
the United States of helping terrorists
you know so you can see how desperately
the u.s. is trying to preserve its
relationship with time it's it's in the
background of this is that we have an
upcoming meeting in Istanbul with Iran
Turkey and Russia
it seems to me everyone is basically
checking out the terrain here okay
because the United States is certainly
not going to quote is not cooperative at
least in this regard when it comes to
the Kurds they it seems to me it's
patently obvious that the US wants a
state late-- it wants a partition the
Israelis wanted the Saudis or how they
want their own and they they and we have
to look at the the occupied territory
where the US has if this is where the
gas fields are for for Syria again no
money for reconstruction okay so but
everyone is looking at the horizon and I
think he's looking for maybe he's going
into the Grand Bazaar
okay these are two illegal invasions of
Syria by two NATO allies which are
working at the moment at cross-purposes
they are both dangerous for Syria and I
think that is the important point to
remember as for our daguan he has to try
and balance the fact that he is now in
conflict with the United States so he is
now trying to get some kind of
arrangement with the Russians and the
Iranians to try and balance out the
proposed that the Turks and the
Americans work together militarily when
the Americans are embedded with the
Kurds I mean that's not going to happen
it's not going to happen this is the
problem but at the same time that he's
trying to leverage the Russians against
the Americans he's trying to use the
Americans to leverage against the
Russian so that he can extract
concessions in Syria which he could
which exactly his calculus may be right
of course just a few days ago when the
reports about the Turkish army using
chemical
happens near Afrin appeared what was the
reaction from the spokesperson for the
us-led coalition the u.s. coalition has
no information on this well before
whenever there was just a rumor about
the Syrian government using chemical
weapons they had a lot of rhetoric for
something that never ever happened they
didn't even send inspectors there they
were so sure that this information was
correct with turkey somehow they prefer
to be silent the interesting thing to
mark is it and we have to look at the
internal dynamics of Turkey everyone's
perceived anti-american stance is very
popular domestically for him so this is
again another part of the spectrum that
he's playing I mean he first of all he
accused the u.s. of a coup trying to
overthrow his government US backed boola
nests under the bed probably the only
coup that I believe the US hasn't been
involved in recent times but it's a
normal sleep properly with his Islamist
based and and arrogance bases as long as
that on top of that he's turned his
country into basically the holiday
resort for all of the jihadis across the
world who have been the barking into
Syria for the last six years if he
suddenly got doesn't about-face
turns away from al Qaeda turns away from
regime change in Syria he's got a deal
with them on his own soil as dirty also
has to deal with Alex is it again going
back to this meeting with Istanbul with
the the Iranians the Russians and the
Turks is that what air Dewan is doing is
wanting to make sure that he's part of
some kind of peace process were two
countries Russia and Iran can play a
forceful bro an instrumental role
because the United States is the spoiler
okay it's the spoiler country it's not
interested in any kind of conflict
resolution that's the other kind of
gamba that he's playing he's also trying
to use he's deals with the Russians to
extend his influence into Syria he's now
sending troops into Syria military
occupation in Syria with the Astana
consent he's sending troops deep into
Headley province they're obstructing the
Syrian there
put trolls openly with all combated
that's that's that's that's the mecca of
jihad right now he's doing that using
this these arrangements that he's made
with the Russians and the Iranians to
delete to legitimize that there is
another side because of course there's a
Russian side they say what we need the
cooperation about the gas station one
important country there's a lot of
chatter Dima
yes but the Israelis are looking for a
real real meaningful scary conflict with
the Iranians and also with Hezbollah do
you see this is a part of a puzzle piece
right now because you know that would
and for planners for American planners
in the Pentagon it would be nice to have
a foothold in Syria if an operation like
that would be pulled off I prefer to
stay on the ground of facts let's just
look at the facts Israel has been firing
missiles on the territory of a sovereign
state in the condition of a foreign
intervention at the Civil War several
times 100
you know the Iranians in Lebanon their
embassy was a victim of a huge terrorist
act three years ago and no one in the
West even expressed condolences you know
Israel has been occupying Lebanon since
1982 and that was the reason why
Hezbollah came into being it did not
existed before and now Israel which has
been uploading you know the foreign
interventions in in Syria is concerned
about its security and the increased
influence of Iran they got they got a
very calm cold message that the Syrians
will start defending their airspace to
what degree that will be put into play
we don't know I mean we certainly sent a
very powerful message we don't know to
what degree that the the Russians or the
Iranians were involved in that decision
why I tend to think it was Assad saying
hey this is my country stop doing it as
Mark said you know enough is enough but
look
we had this media hype this week you
know my Comoros dream has come true the
Western media exactly who said things
are going to be bad in Syria and still
will start to kill Russians he said we
need to kill Russians and Romanians in
Syria to make them pay a price for
resisting change Russians I mean what
happened was that near these oil-rich
areas of Syria
you know the Syrian government army had
a clash with basically illegal armed
formations on its territory where the
Syrian government absolutely there were
local tribes supposedly Russians and
Syria so five Russians got killed this
is what the Russian Foreign Ministry
contractors see if the United States
doesn't use academy Blackwater and other
contractors so the Western media tried
to make out of it a huge revelation like
something that Putin wants to hide if
anyone in insulation redditor Putin's
pocket army or something like that
exactly things like that Alex you know
one of the things is you know one we
keep tabs on in this program is what's
going on in Ukraine and unfortunately I
think we're going to be talking a lot
about Ukraine's year you know looking at
Syria looking at Ukraine in its totality
it looks like American policy it's just
pure spite you know it's they their
regime change in in in Ukraine didn't
work out the way they wanted it because
they lost Crimea they have a frozen
conflict they get it's warm every once
in a while and even hot and then we have
Syria where they lost again okay and
Yemen yeah okay I mean I wouldn't call
that mature foreign policy because it's
none of it is in America's vested
interests it's foreign policy by anger I
think no I think anger is as perhaps
stronger than spite and I think there is
an element of that and an ANA smashing
Iraq but it's also partly I think
intended to show American power like if
you did frustration but but there is an
element there is a certain element of
calculation in which that if if you with
standard
you will be hurt and you see that a lot
in Syria to mark 40 seconds here I mean
I want to go back to air21 until erson
what's your gut feeling what deal was
made and wouldn't and or the non deal
that was made yeah I don't think there
was any deal made Turkey's proposal that
they would basically do a joint invasion
of Syria that was right there but that
was rhetorical that's funny but it's not
even that's not something that's
happening on the road going to happen
the u.s. earlier promised turkey that
all of its pet YPG the branded as the
SDF would be withdrawn east of the
Euphrates which means in particular man
Beach this is what God wants he wants
Afrin the jarabulus corridor which he
already has and man beach to form his
new chunk of the Ottoman Neil Ottoman
Empire in fact he referred to giving the
u.s. an ottoman slap which if you
actually look it up in the urban
dictionary you'll find it actually as an
indication of complete ineffectual Ness
on that very insightful no we run out of
time many thanks to my guests here in
Moscow and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT this is the end
of our broadcast segment stay with us
for our extended version on our YouTube
channel see you next time and remember
crosstalk rules
now for the extended version of our
program where we have political
potpourri mark what's on your mind go
first I want to go back to what we were
discussing with the hypocrisy with the
US with meddling in its intelligence
community we already heard from james
Woolsey the former head of the CIA about
how do we interfere
well let's let's hear from Michael
Hayden who is also a former director of
the CIA as well as a former director of
the NSA in it this involves we need to
have a grown-up conversation about what
major powers are doing with each other
in terms of FP espionage and cyber
warfare on the Internet and actually
come to a treaty several times as US as
Russia has proposed in the US has
rejected he said I have to it this is in
a speech to the Heritage Foundation in
the US I have to admit my definition of
what the Russians did in the supposed
hacking of the Democratic National
Committee is unfortunately honorable
state espionage a foreign intelligence
service getting the internal emails of a
major political party in a major foreign
adverts adversary game on that's what we
do by the way not to ever be in an
American court of law and be forced to
deny that I never did anything like that
as director of the NSA but sympathy no
I'm glad you've read that because I
looked at all of the cable stations even
Fox here that no one wants to be
introspective no one wants to say well
this is what happens when there's a
subpoena no one for honors I can tell
talks about the same things that
Russia's alleged to have done during the
American election what about Saudi
Arabia what about Qatar what about
Turkey what about Israel what about
China the UK I mean this is normal state
craft okay and it at least conceptually
even though we don't have one scintilla
of evidence I mean just saying the
hacking of the DNC we still really don't
know that and there's plenty of
speculation that it was a leak
well the people who were on the
receiving end of these emails say it was
a leak and they should I mean WikiLeaks
I mean they they Assange they said it
was a leak but the point about what at
the double standard the u.s. always gets
very very angry when its actions are
compared to other people what about it
what about that was a Soviet coinage
okay yes so always taken the view that
what it does because it is the superior
Democrat it cannot be compared to what
other people do and we saw that with
what Woolsey said and of course we gave
this it's a good course and that's
somehow justifies everything that's
called comfort to the Iraqis to the
Afghans to the people in Yemen to the
people in Syria the people in Libya I
could go on and on you want to list
after eighty one mark okay be to Peter
coming back to what you said it's not
how you conduct stable international
relations
you cannot lecture people in that way
and set yourself up as the better person
and then do all these terrible things
and then insist that you are entitled to
do these things because you are the
better you can try when you're your
currency is the dollar denomination I
encourage our viewers to take a look at
the entire segment with Wahls leon laura
ingraham program because he talks about
Russia's behavior in the Eurasian space
well folks
Russia is in Eurasia they say that with
a straight face I mean it's just I mean
it's I think we've said before you know
the South China Sea is called the South
China Sea the Caribbean Sea I remember
just one case recently when the US
president actually apologized for for
interference and that was Barack Obama
say yes we did interfere in 1853 there
was this anti Mossadegh coup but
said that being in the program of
preparing a war against Iran
that's his kind of saying this excuse
because this is extended time so we can
do we want here
you know Alex even our closer in age I
mean you know and when Mosley said you
know he was talking about Greece and
Italy after the Second World War
meddling there do you think they have
like some kind of declassification
timeframe and we could talk about that
but we can't talk about a end a in 1973
I mean is the status
what is it the limitations up on that
I'm getting because apparently Barack
Obama bright red face a lot of people in
the State Department in the Pentagon
because of the coup but we keep all the
options on the table including the one
to kill you know that's how we apologize
never mean anything because they're not
really they're not really sincerely
intended they are all about historical
events or events which are decades in
the past but they have no effect on
current accountability no but it's like
lecturing about dare North Korea
consider using a nuclear weapon when the
United States is the only country that
will never use these apologies it does
the intention I think is to try these
people never look in or baby they don't
care what the outside the outside world
has to deal with American power all the
time they know the extent of American
interference in their internal affairs
they are not impressed by these
apologies ask anybody in Iran about
American apologies about what they did
to Mossadegh in 1953 they're not
impressed let's talk about the United
States the revelations that the u.s.
infiltrated French political parties
with in the last few years every French
political party Barack Obama spying
literally on Angela Merkel's cell phone
be meddling in there was this week in
the intercept
a very in-depth piece a lot of time
crafting this very long about how the
United Kingdom has hacked the the
bejesus out of Belgium
it was the hacking and the infiltration
was to such a bad extent that the
government of Belgium had to replace all
of their computers at a cost of some
fifty five million dollars and they
can't even get an apology or an
explanation from a British looking for
there is no honor among Imperial I think
it's important to note here that it's
not about nations it's about ideology
Angela Merkel was happy that her cell
phone was tapped by none other than
Barack Obama because they belong to the
same I claim to see of course protested
a little bit but the woman did protest
to little T you know in three years she
invited Barack Obama who was already not
the President of the United States he is
her best friend now well because it's
ideology it's not a country you know
that is doing it and this week we had a
huge example you know the Dutch former
Foreign Minister background cuz it's a
good story he admitted that in 2006 he
was not at a meeting between President
Putin of Russia and a group of Dutch
businessmen but for how many eleven
years he claimed that he heard Putin at
this meeting saying that he wanted to
expand Russia make great Russia out of
Belarus Ukraine and Kazakhstan so just
recently after being asked about it one
more time mr. Sayle stress admitted
actually was not at this meeting I lied
but I heard something like that from one
of the persons you know who was at this
meeting the head of the same company the
kind of the shell company said that he
was completely misinterpret that in fact
Putin said that historic Russia included
beverage which is exactly true in
somebody Emma with Oliver Stone's film
and and then uh Nixon and in I know the
history of Watergate very well he has
some of the characters the real people
actors in in the film and having
exchanges when we know that they never
had those exchanges and the reaction is
well if they had met that's what they
were is that this Minister was dismissed
you know he had to leave but never
apologize for him saying these lies for
eleven years
he could have said it lie has been used
to further neo McCarthyism and cries
about Russia as an aggressor by both the
government's and the Western mainstream
media for years this goes how far the
mainstream media has gone off the rails
here
they're back to this idea of Russia as
an aggressor in this Russian hacking
story The Washington Post had an article
out this week Russia used Western
mainstream media to manipulate American
voters right so it turns out that an
analysis by Columbia University of these
supposed Russian BOTS from Putin's
caterer 36,000 tweets the majority of
them weren't actually fake news or from
obscure or fake news sites right they in
fact for no new sites Russia was only RT
was only the 19th site that they listed
right what they actually listed was
mainstream sources like The Washington
Post but they highlighted certain themes
and narratives to be critical of the
United States like gender issues like
racial problems or Clinton speaks about
it's okay but when these Robin vos see a
logical conclusion you have to draw from
all of this is if these 13 Russians and
three entities 14-14 if we include even
if that states would have no social
divisions whatsoever
there would be no problems with black
lives matter there would be no problems
with the income lack of income
distribution that probably the
incarceration rate in the United States
would be lower
is a bad thing did you see something I
believe Artie accused Wall Street of
being greedy say something about
spinning which is of course there's this
lying about things that Putin said is
absolutely bulk standard Barroso did it
he said that Putin said that he'd been a
Kiev in two weeks Putin didn't say
burrows I had to apologize Sikorsky who
was the former foreign minister of
Poland said that Putin discussed
partitioning Ukraine
he never happens with these things this
this constant misrepresentation the fact
of the matter is there is no downside at
least in the in the case of the Dutch
foreign minister but there's there's no
downside being wrong there's no downside
and getting Russia wrong okay and and
and that people know that professionally
there's there's only upside okay the
more of the the more outrageous the more
defamatory the better your career the
more eyeballs you get the more clicks to
get it probably erased
okay that's a that's a pathetic business
model for journalism that's it gentlemen
that's that's it for our extended
version of the program we hope you
enjoyed it see you next week and
remember
crosstalk rules
you
