in France intelligence sources say that
of almost 2,000 citizens known to have
traveled to join Islamic state in the
Middle East sixty-seven came from one
particular suburb in Paris RT sharla
Dubinski went there a short train ride
from Paris is trapped on the surface
there's nothing much to set it aside
from the thousands of other towns in the
country but you don't have to scratch
very deep to see that trap is very
different you won't see any non halal
and butchers shops they were I think at
the moment over 1500 prayer rooms and
five mosques if you look at people on
the street you won't see couples holding
hands you'll see the women are dressed
in strict Islamic dress there's a lot of
homeschooling so you couldn't really
consider trap as a typical French town
anymore it's a little bit like a state
within the state for decades it's been
considered a magnet for Muslim
fundamentalists hardline salafism and
Wahhabi ISM are widely practiced and
trap has become synonymous with jihadism
dozens of people left here to join
Islamic state others have carried out
attacks on French soil or have been
linked to the night of terror in Paris
in 2015 and while the terror threat
appears to have been dialed down in
France since the state of emergency was
lifted some claim that areas like Trapp
remain a hotbed for jihadism it's only a
matter of time before we have another
attack the basic problem is that the
ideology that's driving this and this
goes much deeper and terrorist cells
planning and executing attacks that
ideology is so ingrained that last year
a poll of French high school students
revealed 32% of Muslim students believed
Islamic doctrine was superior to
scientific fact
another in 2016 showed that 68 percent
believed Islamic law was superior to
French law there's also concern that in
an area like this that was once
a no-go zone by the authorities that
Sharia is becoming the law of the land
the full veil covering has been banned
for eight years yet the police are often
reluctant to intervene after riots in
2013 when officers tried to ID a woman
who was fully covered it's a very very
fragile situation which the government
doesn't want to provoke urban riots
which would quickly spread like wildfire
all over France president maquon says he
wants to reorganize Islam in a bid to
fight fundamentalism but some experts
say that's a pipe dream radicalization
in places like this they say is already
far too deep-rooted to dig out Charlotte
Dubinsky arty trap
