all the indictments come as the FBI
finds itself under heavy criticism over
Wednesday's deadly school shooting in
Florida that's after the bureau admitted
they failed to react to prior tip-offs
on the danger posed by the gunman who
killed 17 people Florida's governor is
called on the FBI's director to resign
over this fatal failure the FBI's
failure to take action against this
killer is unacceptable 17 innocent
people are dead in acknowledging a
mistake isn't going to cut it an apology
will never bring these 17 Floridians
back to life or comfort the families who
are in pain the families will spend a
lifetime wondering how this could happen
and an apology will never give them the
answers they desperately need the FBI
director needs to resign early the law
enforcement authorities admitted over
the last few years they'd had over a
dozen calls regarding the killer we have
uncovered at the Broward Sheriff's
Office that we've had approximately 20
calls for service over the last few
years regarding the killer the FBI has
determined that protocol was not
followed
the information was not provided to the
Miami field office and no further
investigation was conducted at that time
in particular the FBI had been given
information about the attackers gun
ownership and his social media posts his
desire to kill people erratic behavior
and potential to conduct a school
shooting were also flagged and one of
those who actually warned these security
services about the suspect has spoken
about what led him to raise the alarm
September 24th 2017
I sent a screenshot of a comment on one
of my videos you know this comment said
I'm going to be a professional school
shooter and I knew that I couldn't just
ignore that I hit the report button
reported it to YouTube
of course they removed the comment and
then I tried to email it to the FBI of
the shooting in parkland Florida
occurred on Wednesday when a former
student fatally shot 17 people and
injured some dozen more a 19 year old
suspect was detained by police on the
day of the atrocity his case and how the
FBI failed to recognize that that posed
by him is now being investigated US
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is now
calling for an immediate review of the
FBI and the Department of Justice
Florida's not the first deadly attack
that could potentially have been avoided
had more attention being paid as Kelly
Maupin explains Nicholas Cruz isn't the
only mass killer to be on the radar
screen of the FBI before conducting
their crime Omar Mateen who shot up the
pulse nightclub killing 49 people in
Orlando Florida was investigated by the
FBI twice before he committed his mass
murder
turns out they deemed him not to be
dangerous
now don't forget about Dylan roof the
self-proclaimed white supremists who
killed nine churchgoers in South
Carolina
well it turns out he was able to
purchase his weapons because of errors
in the FBI's background check process
and then there's Nidal Hasan he shot up
a US military post in Texas back in 2009
turns out the FBI was fully aware that
he was online in communication with top
al-qaeda leaders they still didn't
bother to investigate him I think we've
seen time and time again over the last
few years our intelligence agencies
across the West dropping the ball in
terms of getting tips being aware of
potential threats and not following up
on those threats and
taking out preventative measures
it seems lessons not being learned but
they need to have a proper review about
you know what exactly are the threats
what are they trying to do how can they
best protect the people of their country
to protect against these threats and
that doesn't seem to be done it's not
like these federal law enforcement
agencies are lazy just recently we heard
from the FBI that Chinese foreign
exchange students are a threat to
national security we also had federal
agencies urging us not to buy Chinese
brand cellphones and more recently
Congress renewed the power of the NSA to
wiretap and spy on American citizens
some might come to the conclusion that
it's not incompetence or a lack of
effort the issue is rather the type of
threats these agencies are choosing to
focus on Kaleb Maupin RT New York
