well welcome to Sophie & Co I'm Sophie
Shepherd not say as the new powers rise
in the world a new multipolar global
balance is shaping up
but it's stable enough to prevent a
great power conflict in a nuclear age
well I asked former US Secretary of
Defense William Perry without the Cold
War IRA's to centers of power the world
has become leaderless and chaotic and as
the threat of nuclear war grows higher
accidental or not tension is building
between nations vying for power can new
rules define and prevent the global
order from collapsing when nuclear
weapons continue to serve as deterrent
or will delete it's unthinkable
catastrophe dr. William Perry it's
really great to have you on our program
one more time thank you so much good to
be here lots to talk about dr. Perry
so NATO expansion to the east actually
started during your tenure as defense
secretary and you have said that it was
a mistake and it is probably a root
cause of the current US Russia
confrontation
now NATO officials insist that absorbing
mr. Europe was and is benevolent Russia
obviously sees it as a threat it's
always been very open and honest about
seeing it at a threat when NATO getting
closer to Russia's borders do you think
there could be a direct conflict as it
on the cards I think it's very unlikely
I think both of our countries recognize
that could lead to very serious problems
and so I think we will see restraint on
both the United States and Russia so
that we do not lead into conflict the
danger is not that our leaders will plan
a conflict but the fact that our troops
are so close together there might be an
accident we might blunder into some kind
of a contact so that's the danger of the
situation not that the intent on either
side but sometimes events get out of
control of the leaders do you think
there's a limit to NATO expansion why in
your opinion does need to need members
like Macedonia or Montenegro does the
alliance operate by the principle the
more the better
no I don't think so in fact you can
argue that you dilute the effectiveness
of the organization if you get too many
countries in it so I think we're
probably either than end a very nearly
and then the NATO expansion and I think
definitely NATO has abandoned the idea
of expanding into Ukraine so that is not
a realistic idea of Ukraine becoming a
member I think that's not in the cards I
want to talk to you a bit about
Pentagon's new strategy it includes
coming up with a low yields nuclear
weapon for sake of deterrence as they
put it will a low-yield serve as a
nuclear war enabler instead because is
it psychologically easier to actually
drop a low-yield bomb the people who
favor the low-yield talk to nuclear
weapons both in the United States and in
Russia argue that it makes it it
actually prevents a larger nuclear war
from starting they imagine it as an
intermediate stage I don't agree with
that I don't agree with either the
Russians or the Americans who favor
tactical nuclear weapons I think a
nuclear weapon is a nuclear weapon and
there to be a redline and the non use of
nuclear weapons to me the while I have
strived for eventually getting rid of
nuclear weapons as long as they are used
I'd like to see them limited to
strategic use and not consider the
tactic used I don't know a favored
weapons that make over nuclear weapons
easier to use I want to make them harder
to use I want to make them impossible to
use now use Defense Department is
planning for a possible war with the
China and Russia I mean those are just
military planners preparing for
eventualities or you really think that
US military wants a fight well I have
concerns with it with the the doctrine
is being evolve today but I do not
believe it it involves initiating a war
with either China or Russia the
rationale which can be questioned but
the rationale is that in case either
China or Russia precipitates a war
United States we should be prepared for
us so I see it as a defensive rationale
but I think what would be focused on
instead is what can we do to prevent
that kind of a war from ever happening
and that has to do with of course as
much with diplomacy and political
actions as it has to do with military
actions dr. Barron last time we spoke
you've said a lot of complimentary
things about the US defense secretary
Jim mattis yeah you know the man
personally he's blamed Russia for
actually trying to stick a wedge between
America and its allies and promised to
speak to Moscow from a position of force
I mean the times are really tense right
now no need to emphasize on that how
wise is it to be so confrontational at
this times and also do you think he's
maybe trying to be tough at home or he
really thinks that he can actually get
something out of Russia by pressure
I don't interpret Madison's actions to
be meant to be being putting pressure on
Russia for concessions I don't see that
at all I think he believes and maybe not
correctly but I think he believes that
having a stronger defensive posture will
make it less likely that whoever haven't
ever had any confrontation with Russia
or China or any other country my own
view is that much more depends on
diplomacy and political agreements and I
think the OP space the opportunity for
diplomacy and political agreements
between the United States which is very
large today but it's not being exploited
by either country we have many areas of
disagreement Ukraine for example Crimea
for example and I understand why it's
difficult to have diplomacy to deal with
those areas where you fundamentally
disagree but there also are many issues
which we have in common
neither the United States nor Russia
went to nuclear war now the United
States nor Russia want nuclear terrorism
neither the United States or Russia want
nuclear proliferation so we have areas
where we have strong and important
areas where we have important agreements
we ought to be working together in those
areas just to solidify a views in which
we agree and they can't come to
agreements there so that that's a that's
a potential that's open for us that were
not now it's exploiting so I fought both
the Russian government and the American
government for not taking advantage of
those opportunities and moving in so
that we work together through good
effective creative diplomacy to make
progress in those areas
but then there are certain steps that
the Defense Department takes one I would
like you to interpret them for me
because maybe I'm not understanding
everything according to the defense
strategy the great power competition
with Russia and China is outlined as
number one concern for the United States
not terrorism anymore that's that's a
judgment that they make and they stated
I don't agree with that but it is as I
understand where they're coming from
what do you understand where they're
coming from yes they have convinced
themselves that the actions taken by
China and Russian in terms of building
up their own nuclear forces are seen as
a threat to the United States that's a
judgment they make which I don't chair
but it's if I understand why they what
they're seeing and why they why they
think they need to respond that way but
is it not it's not a difference
interpretation of facts it's the
difference in how you respond to those
facts how you interpret the facts I
don't see Russia as posing a threat to
the United States is the threatening war
with United States I don't see China
it's turning over the United States and
so I start off with a different
fundamental assumption about what these
facts mean yeah because Russians are
having a hard time interpreting and I'm
in over the past four years ever since
the crisis with Russia and the United
States begun US has lost ground troops
to terrorists in Iraq in Syria and
Afghanistan have lost lives of civilians
on the American soil
yet not one single Russian bullet was
shot at an American soldier for some
reason threat for the Pentagon comes
from Moscow I mean what Russians don't
really get it why
well I don't share that whew I don't
believe this is affect coming from
Russia today I believe we have to be
vigilant about what might happen in the
future in Russia or China but I don't
see a threat today then there's a head
of the British Army Sir Nicholas Carter
and he says that cyber war with Russia
is a bigger threat to Britain their
security to British security than
terrorism terror attacks happened on
monthly basis in Britain last year I
mean what is it all okay under control
now no terrorist threat any more
repression cyberattack is more dangerous
a cyber attack is a real problem for all
of our countries for Russia and the
United States and forbidden but the
cyber attacks can come from terrorists
as well as from other countries one of
the unique aspects of the cyber threat
is that they can come from an individual
it can come from a small group and they
can come from the nation it's not
limited like nuclear weapons to a large
country that has the industrial capacity
to build the nuclear weapons but I think
what makes people nervous is a lot of
talk about war war war and conflict is
so much in there right now general
Carter one more time went as far as
saying that they may have no choice
about conflict with Russia I mean is
Great Britain and thus needle really
going to have a war with Russia
it's just fear-mongering we have today I
believe a positive friendly relationship
with Russia
some people are imagining what could
happen in the future we ought to be
focusing our attention instead of how do
we preserve that positively how do we
build on that positive relationship
there's no reason why the American
people and the Russian people should be
hostile to each other the history of
friendship through the history of
working together during the period I was
secretary defence we actually work
together we had tubes working together
in Bosnia we had American and Russian
soldiers going together on foot patrols
in Bosnia and I worked very well we also
work together with with the Russian
nuclear establishment and dismantling
nuclear weapons during that period of
time we dismantled 8,000 nuclear weapons
for thousands of the United States and
4,000 and the former Soviet Union so we
worked together to the benefit it can be
done it should be done and I would like
to get back to well instead of worrying
about what could happen 10 years now
what could happen if Russia gets hostile
of the United States we should focus
instead on how do we continue to build
on that positive and cooperative
relationship but I wonder why it's not
happening this what you're saying is
wonderful and I wish you were Secretary
of Defense or head of NATO today because
times have changed and it's so
unfortunate all we see right now is use
ramping up its defense expenses in
response to the threat from China and
Russia
I mean Russia's military budget is 17
times smaller than American military
budget America's spending more money on
its military than the next eight
countries taken together why like how
can it still feel insecure I am very
concerned with this increasingly hostile
relationship building up at the time
between the United States honors my own
view is that the cause of it is coming
from both nations its actions and
statements made by Russia as well as
actions and statements made by the nice
some of them of a response to each other
we ought to somehow find a way of
turning that around instead of looking
at for that seeing the worse in each
sides to try and see the best in each
side and as I said we have a history of
working together positively and
cooperate cooperate we know we can do it
and I'd like to see us get back to that
and I think it's going to take changes
in attitudes and changes in statements
and changing positions
both in the Russian government and the
American government for that to happen
I'm not pleased today with the positions
taken by other government dr parra we're
gonna take a short break right now when
we're back we'll continue talking to dr.
William Perry former US defense
secretary talking about Russia US
relations and what's gonna happen with
North Korea stay with us
and we're back with dr. William Perry
former United States defense secretary
dr. Perry and then there's a sanctions
business despite Congress specifically
passing the anti-russian sanctions Trump
actually chose not to enact them but
instead he unveiled a list of who's who
in Kremlin and who is suing the Russian
business so I don't know how you see but
we thought that maybe he was kind of
making fun of Congress there no I'm not
pleased with that list but over a few
reads not only read the list but you
read the statements and went with it it
makes us a specific statement there's
there's nothing listening these people
with there's nothing they've done
nothing there's nothing but lying about
it we intend to take notes that we have
no plans to put sanctions on them it's
very specific that this is a list just
in response to the requests that
Congress made I don't agree with many
things the Trump administration has done
but I think their action on that this
was very wise where they explicitly
stated that this is not a list intended
to impune these people so the current
Congress which is pretty hostile towards
Russia White House which is less hostile
to Russia do us-russia relations stand
any chance honestly speaking okay they
have to come back this is silly what's
going on right now I agree that the
actions taken by the Congress today in
particular on the sanction list made no
real sense but I also observe that we're
not actually moving towards more
aggressive actions to each other it's I
would like to see a much better
relations and everything that the United
States and Russian are doing and I hope
we can get to that point but in the
meantime we should not be
misinterpreting things like that's
so-called sanction the trillion our
sanction lists were just a list of names
I would also like to see statements made
by our leaders both the Russian leaders
and American leaders be more moderate
and me
I mean focused more on the positive
aspect of our relationship but I do
believe we will get through this I think
we have a history of positive
relationship there's no reason why we
can't get back to that relationship
again and the many many reasons why we
should not pursue this negative track we
are today we and by we I mean both the
United States and Russian government's I
don't I'm not pleased with what's out
here
what other government is doing dr. Perry
you have said that with emergence of
malicious hackers we are now in greater
danger of an accidental nuclear war than
during the Cold War I mean I agree that
technology brings along new threats but
defense systems have become much more
sophisticated as well no I mean how can
they still be very vulnerable to
external attacks being sophisticated
doesn't mean they're not vulnerable to
attack in fact the more complexity a
system has the more different avenues it
has for failure the bigger and more
complex a system is the more points of
failure you might find in the system so
I am not at all in fact when I talked
with our generals about our warning
system at the North American Air Defense
Command they say we're relieved we're
not so much words as you are because our
systems are old-fashioned they don't
have the the openings for
vulnerabilities at some modern systems
have they're not opened at being hacked
for example so being modern and complex
is not necessarily mean being better the
important thing I think is not the
different complexity of our systems or
the susceptibility attack it's
recognizing that any system no matter
how modern no matter how simple look how
complex any system is if all a little
mistake that machines do fail humans
make errors as long as that happens we
have to be sure that our political
system doesn't respond falsely to those
errors so the important thing is to move
away from the position where we believe
we have to launch or the Russian
government leads it has to launch on a
warning
but instead of willing to step back say
why would the Russians launch missiles
by the vises there why were the
Americans launched missiles to us and
once you understand the answer that
question they wouldn't do it then you're
not so apt to make a mistake so if you
machines feel if you're whom humans feel
the political system has to use good
judgment a state this must be a mistake
we're not going to respond to it but I
still wonder about the technical side of
it I have to ask you I mean this is just
mind-boggling to me that so many years
on and it still just takes one person
and one push of a button to blow up half
of the world machines
malfunction and even the more complex
they are the more likely the are the
malfunction of some respect humans are
humans humans there and so any system
that depends on machines never failing
humans never rearing is a bad system we
have to have a system that anticipates
there will be failures and acts
accordingly
and that means you have to have
safeguards building into your decision
process that accommodate the possibility
a machine failures a human failures
dr. Perry you were a policy coordinator
on the North Korean nuclear problem and
even went on that historic visit to
Pyongyang in 99 and I know that your
diplomatic efforts almost resulted in
success back then and until it went sour
again what is it that the current US
administration is doing wrong what was
North Korea I think really is what North
Korea is exploding right now they are
moving forward with an ICBM program
they're moving forward to the nuclear
program the nuclear program even
includes thermonuclear weapons so they
are putting the other very substantial
threat in the face of international
opposition in the face of UN resolutions
of the contrary that's the problem we're
faced with today and the question is how
do we deal with it politically and my
understanding of the North Koreans
suggests that while I'm concerned about
the nuclear weapon program I do not
believe they
any intentions of using those
offensively against any other country
they are not suicidal they're not
seeking martyrdom they're seeking to
protect their country against an attack
in other words they they see the nuclear
weapons as being for deterrence the
danger there is not that they will use
the weapons dangers were that it was
some blunder into a war with them and
that danger is a very real danger I
think it's very important that the
United States in dealing with North
Korea understand that they're not
intending the use of more offensively
but we could trigger an act we could
mistakenly taken action which triggers a
response so we have to be very careful
in dealing with North Korea but we
should not delude ourselves into
thinking that they're tending to fire
those missiles at us there is a lot of
hope right now about the resumed talks
between the two Koreas and very recently
I spoke to South Korean president
advisor and what he told me is that the
only thing that North Korea really wants
is to talk directly to the United States
do you think America should be talking
directly to North Korea maybe a lot of
good things could come out of it I think
that's quite possible when I went to
North Korea and 99 that was true they
wanted to speak to the United States we
had very constructive discussions then
we had an agreement then the basis for
an agreement by which they would give up
all the nuclear weapons and all the
long-range missiles and then I think we
might have been able to pursue that and
I don't think we can achieve that today
it's too late to get back to a
negotiation to get them to go to the
nuclear weapons at this time we have to
focus on what we have to do to deter the
use of those nuclear weapons and then
the diplomacy we use Urich should be
focused on how do we lower the danger of
the nuclear weapons if we think we're
going to have a diplomacy to get they
allows them to get rid of them thereby
which they get rid of the nuclear weapon
I think we're deluding ourselves they
have them they like them they're going
to keep them Trump's rhetoric
I mean he's so-called bloody knows
preemptive strike
like on North Korea it's not very
dangerous when you just hear that but it
could have some consequences now I think
first of all it would be dangerous to
conduct a preemptive strike and I'm
being fully opposed to doing that but I
also think it's somewhat dangerous to
even threaten to do it because if North
Korea really believes we're about to
conduct a preemptive strike on them it's
going to be a significant and a serious
preemptive strike that may they may be
motivated to make it to try to beat us
to the punch to have their own first
strike so it's very important to keep
the rhetoric down as well as keeping our
military right we have a very capable
defensive military capability in North
Korea and we can be confident about that
but we should not be threatening
military action that could lead to
undesirable consequences when it comes
to North Korea we hear secretary
Mattie's actually talking diplomacy it's
Trump that's talking warm energy yet do
you think Defense Secretary has enough
leverage on Trump to actually prevent
him from doing anything I can't know
what your personal relationship is but
in certainly true that if the president
wants to take military action on North
Korea he has to take it through
secretary Trump I mean secretary Badis
so I have a lot of confidence in
secretary and secretary matters he's
very experienced and very cautious about
the use of military power he hasn't he's
not reckless at all so I'm I guess it
gives me a good feeling dr. Perry's
thank you very much for this wonderful
insight I wish L the best thank you come
back to us soon all right
you
