well the floret the governor of Florida
I should say rick Scott has called for
the director of the FBI to resign well
this comes after a report that tips were
missed regarding Wednesday school
shooting in parkland that left 17 people
dead and around a dozen injured
the FBI admits they had already received
information about suspect Nicholas Cruz
when didn't follow the necessary
protocols in pursuing the case a person
close to Cruz had called the FBI's
hotline on January the 5th about his
allegedly disturbing behavior and him
expressing a desire to kill US Attorney
General Jeff Sessions has ordered a
review of Justice Department procedures
he called the deadly shooting a tragic
consequence of the FBI's failures
well a former mi5 intelligence officer
animation thinks the FBI should learn
the lessons from its past failures I
think we've seen time and time again
over the last few years our intelligence
agencies across the West dropping the
ball in terms of getting tips being
aware of potential threats and not
following up on those threats and you
taking out preventative measures it
seems lessons not being learned they
need to have a proper review about you
know what exactly are the threats what
are they trying to do how can they best
protect the people of their country to
protect them against these threats and
that doesn't seem to be done I think
what we're seeing at the moment in
America is not so much Russia gate but
intelligence gate where we are seeing
layer and layer and layer being peeled
away from what appears to be deep state
collusion to try and legitimate deal
urges mize the trump presidency and try
and stop as a rapprochement between
America and between Russia
