it's now one week since the Winter
Olympics in South Korea officially began
most have been embracing the Olympic
spirit but some fans have resorted to
making online threats alia petrenko
reports from Pyeongchang unfortunately
with these Winter Olympics the story has
been that every other day Jung Chang
treats the media with some sort of
scandal so far perhaps one of the most
disgusting ones for me was when a
Canadian short track speed skater was
receiving death threats from the locals
after she finished fourth first but then
a South Korean athlete was disqualified
and then her position was upgraded to
third place and that's when the ugly
thing started happening but you
shouldn't get the impression that the
Olympic Games are doomed because in many
sports there is such family spirit it's
the kind of family spirit that goes
first
after nationality rivalry politics etc
there was one good example when during a
cross-country skiing competition a
Russian skier lost a part of his
equipment and then an American coach
rushed to help him out if the Russian
skier had to do this u-turn you don't
come back pick it up that would have
been a disaster for him in the race but
thanks to the American coach it didn't
happen and we talked to the man the
cross country ski family is is exactly
that it's a family and we often benefit
from Russian or Norwegian coaches giving
our athletes a pole in a race and we'll
do the same I would say it's very
friendly when you walk by a Russian
athlete or coach will always say
congratulations or if we've had a good
race they will say congratulations to us
three years ago in Davos the entire
Russian women's team came up to our
hotel and had tea and cookies with our
American team
and not many people spoke the same
language we know a few words of Russian
a couple of them they knew some more
English than we knew Russian but we had
a great time and it was one of those
moments in my career that I will
remember well I guess when it comes to
political rivals Russia and the u.s.
helping each other out in sports it
works both ways and here with me I got
the Young Saeng silver medalist in luge
bris master who definitely knows what
I'm talking about and he's ready to tell
us about a story that happened to him a
few months ago as far as I understand
Chris hi again congratulations and
what's that story with the Russian
athlete I guess helping you out yeah
thank you very much it was it was a
couple weeks ago where I was having a
very difficult last season people were
starting to reach out and help me and
there was a specific Russian athlete he
he offered me help like technical help
with with my pod with with fiberglass
with with aerodynamics and although it
didn't work because I'm much larger than
he is the fact that he was willing to
reach out and help me in such like a
desperate time shows that sport can
bridge you know cultures it can bridge
politics that we can connect on the
human level through sports and that's
that's really what embodies the Olympics
here is that so many countries are
coming together connecting through sport
and it really shows the power of the
human spirit absolutely this is a small
little step it takes a lot of people to
get one of these and I can't thank
Semyon enough for thinking about me and
just trying to help me out in a time of
need I am very close friends with with
so many different Russian athletes and
yes there's been a lot of scandals and
I'm really I can't wait for the day that
we can move past this and we can just
get right back to sport clean sport it's
so easy to talk about negative things
but it's really difficult to highlight
these positive situations you know who
knows maybe one two Olympics this will
all be behind us and we'll get right
back to you know clean competition and a
lot of fun
