US Attorney General Jeff Sessions has
been accused of fueling racism after
praising the quilt Anglo American
heritage of law enforcement in the
country the remark made during a speech
to a sheriffs Association has been
interpreted by many as being insensitive
the office of Sheriff is a critical part
of the Anglo American heritage of law
enforcement while some have regretted
the choice of words others have pointed
out that sessions did make use of the
correct term to describe the American
legal system also known as the common
law it's rooted in a shared American and
English heritage including both customs
and law in fact Barack Obama also
alluded to the anglo-american legal
system both as a senator and then as
president the term was widely used by
other members of his administration as
well but it seems no one took notice of
that in Washington Samira Khan gages
reaction to other controversial comments
made by US presidents and politicians
I'm gonna say Donald Trump I guessed
wrong it sounds like something he would
say he's actually Obama Barack Obama
you're actually correct
do you find it offensive at all I just
thought it would be him based on the
other remarks that he's made but I mean
if it's Obama that's funny
I like President Obama so I'm glad he
said that
let's definitely be Donald Trump why do
you think that because he's offensive
towards immigrants Wow interesting
but I wouldn't surprise though because I
know about Hillary Clinton as well my
first question is oh you're correct and
all these offense I don't think things
about as Ethan gets no outrage so I
guess it's all about the messenger it's
not so much about the message
