more than a year has passed since the
Libyan city of Sirte was liberated from
ISIL but locals still fear for their
lives the threat of jihad is returning
to the area looms large while residents
continue waiting for life to return to
normal
there's a big Islamic state mural on the
wall here
these are everywhere this is the grounds
food hall in in the complex and actually
the chandelier is falling completely out
of the ceiling and it smashed into the
ground
I mean it's impressive even though it's
been destroyed but you can see here the
Islamic state flag has been drawn on the
sides this chair the area is completely
destroyed and there is no local or
international assistance for the
population there are fears that ISIL
will return to this area again and be
entrenched in it after the one year war
concept people were displaced from this
area even after the return they couldn't
find their homes because of the mass
destruction there is no house left
intact especially because of the
warplanes army
everyone knows that ISIL might return at
any moment to the city absurd and has
been the terrorist stronghold the cities
surrounded by mountains or valleys and
ISIL was hiding there
