hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the stakes couldn't be higher
and it's happening in Syria the goal of
destroying the Islamic state is largely
complete now the Syrian proxy war is
entering a new stage who are the players
in what are their aims and what does
winning mean
Fross sucking what's next for Siri I'm
joined by Magus abdel bari antoine in
london he's an expert on political islam
and author of Islamic state the digital
Caliphate in Beirut we have Mara Osman
she is a journalist and university
lecture and in Tehran we cross to
Mohammed mirandy he's an associate
professor at the University of Turin
okay cross lock rules in effect that
means you can jump in anytime you want
and I always appreciate Maher well let
me let me go to you because you're the
closest to what we're talking about here
there's so many different things going
on contravene trends contradictory
trends going on in Syria right now I
think we're all very familiar what has
happened in the last six seven years
it's would you say that this conflict is
taking on a new form is it morphed into
something and is it more dangerous than
what we've seen before go ahead in
Beirut yes definitely especially after
the talks in Sochi we so last week was a
hectic week inside of Syria beginning in
February for when we had the first
launching of Israeli the first and this
month of launching of Israeli attacks on
the outskirts of Damascus countryside
killing sa and allies and certain
military posts for the allies of the
Syrian Arab army and then again on
Tuesday two days later they did the same
and then the big big I mean happening
that also happened delayed between
Thursday and Friday when the u.s. bombed
sa a positions in their Azure killing
more than 100 members of the army
alongside with reports saying that there
were also Russians on board we still
don't have a confirmation from the
Kremlin on that and then what happened
late on Saturday or a don't of Saturday
with the downing of the Israeli jet over
occupied territories in Syria which was
a very dramatic development if I may for
the war inside of Syria for all the
happenings that were going on especially
again I like to reiterate after the
Sochi talks which brought about several
very important points for the upcoming
solutions inside of the Syrian conflict
for possible dialogues to be conducted
between the warring parties now what is
happening is a very big indication the
u.s. is is very much a paranoid of what
will happen next in Syria that's a very
good point
to you in London because we have the
three players a turkey Russia and Iran
they don't all see eye to eye on all of
the issues however American behavior in
Syria is bringing those three countries
together we have word that there's going
to be a conference in Istanbul the date
hasn't been set yet but that the the
u.s. is a galvanizing point for these
regional players now and the US has made
it very clear it isn't going anywhere
this is one of the reasons why I'm doing
this program here because they say
they're not leaving
they don't really justify their illegal
existence in a sovereign country where
they were never invited in the first
place and we have the Israelis on the
move go ahead in London Peter it is very
critical time for the whole players in
the region I believe United States said
clearly that they are there to stay this
irritates many people in the region why
they want to stay they are there simply
because of the Islamic state because of
the danger of the terrorist organization
Islamic state collapse completely it has
no capital it has no territories some
pockets here or there so why the
American has 2,000 troops in Syria and
about 6,000 troops in Iraq this is the
biggest questioner I believe the major
challenge for United States is what they
are going to do in a north of Syria are
they going to establish a Kurdish state
there are they going to lose you know
the Turkish Ally are they going to enter
confrontation with Syria with Turkey
even with with Russia and that part of
the word why they are supplying the
curves with very sophisticated weapons
and also there are some terrorist
organization of iPad missiles where they
manage to use it to down a Russian so
high jet so this is this is the biggest
question I believe you talked about
Peter
Istanbul conference this is very
important three major countries major
power are going to meet there and I
believe this kind of meeting I mean
turkey Russia Iran
this is the major player in the region
if they decided actually to meet and
they will meet I think that the top of
the agenda will be how to Pond from
United States inference how to confirm
very troops in Syria this is the biggest
challenge I believe I believe for the
America Muhammad in in Tehran the
interesting thing is when you look at
all of the players are involved and
we've only named a few of them here
there are many more no one not one of
them wants to see the United States and
northern Syria except for some misguided
the Kurds okay and I would I would point
out to the Kurds is that the u.s.
usually turns away from its you know
temporary allies and leaves or turns
against them okay so the Kurds
historically make much choose the wrong
side I think they're doing it again here
what is the u.s. doing just I just want
to be a spoiler or is it want to
partition does it want to keep the
region unstable of course everything I
just said would benefit Israel go ahead
Mohamed I think that's the point
everything that the United States does
in this region is about Israel the only
real ally of the United States is Israel
and even Saudi Arabia the only reason
why it's considered to be a US ally is
because it moves it in a way in which is
within the framework of the interests of
the Israeli regime if we go back to the
beginning of what of the crisis in Syria
and the famous 2012 Defense Intelligence
Agency document there was an attempt to
establish a Salafist and extremist
regime between Syria and Iraq in order
to isolate Syria and with that and that
those extremists they were being
supported by US allies in the region and
as General Michael Flynn was a head of
the Defense Intelligence Agency at that
time admitted on al Jazeera the United
States took a willful decision to
support those extremists so the United
States back then was supporting an
attempt to take over the east of Syria
later on when the tide turn when the
tide turned with the help of Russia Iran
Hezbollah the iraqis Afghani volunteers
and Isis began to lose
ground and territory it was only then
that the United States changes policy
before that the United States was
allowing Isis to thrive it allowed the
pay to go on between Turkey and Isis
we know from Kerry the secretary of
state of the United States in a leaked
audio file that he told the Syrian
opposition people that the United States
allowed Isis to advance on Damascus to
put pressure on President Assad so only
when the tide turned that the United
States decide to start fighting Isis and
that was because they wanted a piece of
Syria so that they could basically
pursue the same policy which let me
point out let me point out to our
viewers of course the Donald Trump is
taking complete credit for the the
diminished State of Isis that's what
you'll learn in western media it is
really really remarkable Marwa I can say
yeah I agree with the Amaro inlay and in
Beirut here I mean also what's really at
stake here is there looks like there is
a game of chicken being played the the
United States and Israel getting very
aggressive and there are Russian troops
there they're legally they were invited
there by the legal government in
Damascus and it looks like the Pentagon
is itching for some kind of conflict and
I would be very would we tell the
Pentagon to be very careful because the
Russians don't Bluff go ahead in Beirut
exactly exactly and if you read the
mainstream media that was out on
Wednesday and Thursday of this week and
in the US you could see how they were
gloating about the fact that they were
bombing the posts of the SAA and where
they most probably have directly hit
Russian servicemen we don't know what
they are part of the army or not some
wear the clothing and they were saying
we are at war with Russia inside of
Syria this is no longer a secret so not
only that they are pushing for as some
sort of a confrontation with Russia but
they are also under the ground working
for this confrontation I mean could you
tell me when has the u.s. ever bombed
the Isis controlled areas of Dara's or
before it was the brain never why are
they now bombing the areas that are have
been liberated by the Syrian Arab army
and its allies why because they don't
want them to advance further more to the
areas where they occupy which are the
oil-rich
obviously all rich areas in the resort
as well they want to key
away from the SDF the so-called SDF
which we don't have real information
about except the fact that there were
Isis members that evaporated and then
there was something else you're leaving
for the Kurds that we are talking about
here so it's really amazing how they
suddenly evaporate you know I'm there
just airlifted out that's what happens
here okay
abdel limit let me go to you here I mean
it this is the United States I mean it's
interesting the area of northern Syria
the control that's really where the
Syria's oil is okay and denying a Syria
the ability to rebuild as a matter of
fact you know telling the entire world
that they will be sanctioned if you give
money to the the government in Damascus
to rebuild another round of sanctions
against rebuilding a country that the
United States it has a great deal of
responsibility for destroying in the
first place go ahead in London well I
believe the United States realized that
they were defeated in Syria their
project in Syria was completely defeated
and Russia got the upper hand and the
next stage I mean it could be the
rebuilding of Syria again so rebuilding
needs money and Syria needs the oil and
the gas which is an Israel of the
reserve where the oil fields are
situated so it seems that the American
would like to prevent Syria prevent
Russian from actually putting their
hands on the our reserves on the gas
reserves so I don't think they will
succeed here I have a lot of you know
information saying that the next stage
could be actually a guerrilla war
against the American forces in Syria and
also in Iraq so if this happened like
what happened after the American
occupation of Iraq in 2003 I think this
will be devastating to United States I
believe Russia wouldn't sacrifice its
sacrifices and actually and heavy price
which they paid in Syria since the 2015
they paid blood they paid money
let me they wouldn't let the American
women
Japanese we're gonna go to a short break
and I'd like to point out to everyone
since the Pentagon can do anything it
wants because it has more money than God
right now it is no longer a political
issue in the United States that's a
tragedy we're gonna go to a short break
and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on what's next
for serious staying with RT welcome back
to crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter Lavelle to remind
you we're discussing what's next for
Syria
okay let me go back to Mohammed in
Tehran I mean I started out by talking
about this conference that's scheduled
for Istanbul that will have a turkey
Russia and Iran Mohammad it's really
interesting what's going on with Turkey
here because again they're butting heads
with the u.s. in northern Syria and I'm
not giving any a justification for the
illegal invasion of Syria by Turkey but
the interesting gambit that is being
played out here is the two most
important countries in NATO are at odds
with each other in a third country that
has nothing to do with NATO and NATO
sphere of influence has put it that way
the interesting thing is that you see
the Turks are really looking at
different options right now okay I'm not
convinced they're the most reliable
partner but a lot of people feel that
way including NATO and so will I think
we're seeing a real drift here I don't
think Turkey would give up NATO they
would want something for it okay a lot
of people are saying they're gonna walk
away no no they'll leverage their way
one way or another here but that's
really the changing shifting sands of
what's going on because of this proxy
war in Syria go ahead in Tehran well
Trump actually promised the Turkish
president that the US will stop funding
the the YPG which is a PKK affiliate a
terrorist organization that's killed
many Turks and then almost immediately
afterwards the military in the United
States started to make noise that we
will continue to support the Syrian
democratic forces which basically is a
front for the YPG and the PKK and so
it's a one wonders who's in charge
exactly the United States and it sort of
reminds one of what happened in 2016
when the US administration and the US
Secretary of State at that time he made
an agreement with the Russians and then
almost immediately afterwards bombs here
in positions in Sderot Zuul
killing almost 100 syrian soldiers and
and immediately afterwards the isis
attacked their positions and took those
positions as if they were
as if they knew what was about to happen
so the United States is I think it's
unclear who's in charge but we do know
that Trump has given a huge amount of
authority to the military yeah and the
people in charge right now in the United
States the sort of junta McMaster Kelley
and they're their close friend Petraeus
these people they but they are
revisionist Alice a crook of conflicts
forum the head of complex form wrote a
very interesting article recently
showing how these people matters as well
that these people are revisionists
Vietnam revisionist and they believe
that if the United States Army had been
and not Armed Forces had been given the
authority to you know destroy North
Vietnam that they would have won the war
and if it wasn't for the politicians and
the military command the United States
could have won so these are the sort of
people with that sort of mentality and I
think that there that may partially be
part of the reason why they're taking
such a hard stance well it's in northern
Syria it's very you know it's very
interesting it's very interesting though
that if Harry Truman would have given
MacArthur that kind of authority we
would have had the third world war they
in you know it the generals report to
the politician but if the politician
it's a wall and and I think that's the
case right now this is what we get let
me go to Morrow and in Beirut let's go a
little bit closer to home to you there's
a lot of open chatter right now with the
Israel's heightened involvement I mean
it's you know what is it over the even
the last year it is illegally
gone in violated serious airspace and it
looks like now the Syrians are not
accepting that and they're making it
very clear but there's a lot of talk
chatter that Israel is eyeing another
war against Hezbollah again fighting a
war against Lebanon and it seems this
all kind of goes into it because that is
the the the paradigm of Hezbollah and
Iran that's their narrative right here
interestingly enough you have the United
States based in Syria as well I mean
I'll
puzzle pieces seemed to be coming
together go ahead in Beirut yes I
definitely agree with that especially
after the blow that was taken by the
Israeli occupation air force on Saturday
when the jet when the f-16 jet was
downed by the Syrian Arab army over
occupied Syrian land I mean they were
hoping for some kind of a war to start
weather in the southern part of Syria or
with Lebanon for that matter but after
that hit they are now thinking a
thousand times before they do so even at
dawn on Thursday this week surveillance
drone was sent from Israel into a Syrian
territory and it was also attacked by
the Syrian anti-missile system I'm sorry
they had the anti-aircraft system and
they fled they went back into
Palestinian occupied territories so now
even a drone a surveillance drone is not
being able to go and attack the
sovereignty of Syria for that matter now
when we talk about a possible war
between Hezbollah and the Israeli entity
I don't think that the front would be
this time the southern part of Lebanon
is something bordered with occupied
Palestine I think that the Syrian Golan
Heights would be the great place that we
should all put our eyes into because
first of all that's an occupied
territory second of all it has been for
the past six years at least where the
resistance the armed forces of the
resistance whether Hezbollah or other
allies have been putting their efforts
in there to try and start some sort of a
new front with the Israeli entity
because that's the front that Israel is
most afraid of the which it's continuing
with with Syria here I mean when we hear
again from the Trump administration you
know Assad must go here I mean what is
that what does that mean is that the
justification for the United States to
say in Syria because it's how we started
out the programming why does the United
States want to stay in Syria and not
make peace in leave like everybody wants
them to leave everyone does including
their sometimes on-and-off friends in
Iraq go ahead in London Peter I agree
with you definitely the American
military presence in Syria and Iraq
actually is not legitimate one now the
Syrian and the Iraqi are calling for the
American to pull out their troops
because they don't want them anymore
simply because they were there to fight
the Islamic state there is no more
Islamic state as they pretended or as
they were talking about now the
situation is completely different about
two weeks ago that Israeli media we're
talking about at some sort of agreement
between the United States and Israel to
destabilize Iran and Syria and it seems
that the downing of the Israeli f-16 or
just on the ceiling after the city net
attack actually it means that it is a
clear message from Russia to the United
States to Israel that we are not going
to reach you go ahead with this plans to
destabilize sorry destabilize Iran and
Syria
so I think the American will face huge
trouble that Russia as Russia now is
strong the Russia has the upper hand in
Syria turkey is turning against America
saying that you stabbed us in the back
you will see you know five times more
Vietnam experience in Syria and in the
region so it's the Syrian now actually
threatening that any Israeli warplane
violate their airspace will be shot down
so I believe it is it is attention but
that three major power superpower in the
region Iraq Turkey sorry that see Iran
Turkey and Russia they are actually
waiting for the American to do something
stupid and I believe when Hezbollah but
about a hundred and fifty thousand
missiles and we don't know how many
thousands or a hundred thousand missiles
in the Iran arsenal
or in Syria Arsenal I believe the
tension is huge now we have to wait for
additional conference and it will be
determined in this field but when I
think also the two the two tripping
points the tipping points that I'm
worried about is the Israel attacking
Lebanon again I mean if you listen to
Israeli military officials active duty
and retired I mean it's full all on the
airwaves of course it's never
reported in western media never
reporting every year about that Mohammed
let me go to you I mean if you look at
the Israeli criticism and justification
for its violation of Syrian airspace the
most recent spat it's all because Iran
has bases supplies they are it was if
Syria doesn't even exist okay but of
course it doesn't exist in the minds of
Israeli foreign policy makers it doesn't
at all there are no sovereign countries
around Israel there's this places where
you can go meddle but that's what I when
I looked at the response and of course
it was echoed like a stenographer in
Washington DC
they said exactly the same thing as the
Israelis but it's really directed
against around and Abdel said something
a few minutes ago waiting for the
Americans to do something stupid well
the stupid thing it would be in
conjunction with Israel attacking Iran
go ahead Mohammed well the Israelis like
to use Iran as a scapegoat to justify
their aggression on neighboring
countries and also to subjugate the
Palestinian people's very similar to
what its sister apartheid regime in
South Africa used to do when they were
demonized a and C Nelson Mandela and
they and C were communists and in the
West they'd passed laws against them to
in the United States day and C was a
terrorist organization and so was
President Mandela when he was president
the law wasn't changed so when he would
go to the United Nations General
Assembly he'd have to get special
permission the president of South Africa
entered the country because he was the
head of a terrorist organization so
that's the so by using communism
apartheid South Africa pursued those
policies against neighboring countries
and against the African majority the
black majority and the Israeli regime de
apartheid regime does the same but I
think there's a big difference now
today then before first of all Israel
Israel does not have the naval
superiority that it had before it's it's
trade is vulnerable to missiles from in
the Mediterranean it's air superiority
is questionable and I personally think
that there are they're more advanced
surface they are missiles out there that
are being kept under lock and key and on
the ground there
have lost the war to Hezbollah before
and this time round you have Syria too
you have Gaza and you have many people
the people from the popular mobilization
force in Iraq who would come to the aid
of Syria and Hezbollah if there if there
is a war and the government in Lebanon
unlike before is supports the the
resistance in southern Lebanon so I
don't think it is good at all a winnable
for warfare one thing we can do a roar I
think much more devastating out of time
but with what we've discussed in this
program is certainly the shifting sands
in the region many thanks to my guests
in London Beirut and in Tehran and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here darky see you next time and
remember Possible's
