welcome one and all for the Stan
Collymore show later I sit down with
Mexico's captain and raise Guardado but
first we're taking you to perhaps one of
the oldest amateur football clubs in the
world let's take a look my first game
was the first of October 1960 and that
was like getting to know them when they
played there and basically a friend took
me along to what sort of and I fell in
love with the club with my club I've got
a little quiz for you
which club inspires real Madrid's
all-white kit which club gave all eleven
players to three separate England games
and which club inspired one of brazil's
great football clubs ladies and
gentlemen I give you
Corinthian casuals
what actually happened was in 1907 there
was a split between the FAA and what
became the AFA and it was quite
acrimonious to do with amateur and
professional and the FA refused to allow
any AFA players all clubs to appear on
their peaches or their so there was a
complete split and that ruined in effect
the matches for the Corinthians because
they had nobody really to play which is
why they started a lot of Turkish is why
they went to Brazil for instance that
spirit was healed in 1914 just at the
time in the First World War after the
First World War the two clubs both of
them struggled of course during the
First World War and both sides were
devastated didn't losing a lot of
players over a hundred players between
the two sides were killed in the 1920s
in order to try and revive the
Corinthians they entered the FA Cup that
was the first time they'd entered any
competition and crowd enormous crowds
seventy eighty thousand people would
turn up at the Crystal Palace so their
home Brown then when they played people
at Newcastle United grad G in the 30s
that faded away there was still a little
bit of romance I mean there was you
still had people turning up to watch the
amateurs play the professionals but it
gradually egged away professional
football really did take over printers
lost all of their reason for being in
existence and so it was felt that the
casual which would always be in a league
normally it's been they would merge and
frame a better player will say most in
39 a game the war interrupted everything
tell arriving here and settling down in
in this ground we were nomads we never
had a home how long for how long how
long the Corinthians and casuals and
then Corinthian casuals playing without
homes for for the existence of both
clubs they were nomads until we came
here which was in 1980 when we had to
settle the league through through us out
of the league because we didn't have a
ground this has been built by volunteers
of the club and that weekends which is
your personal highlights having been at
Corinthian casuals over a number of
years well I mean the history 1:1 adores
that's why I'm here it's tremendous of
recent times apart from the Brazilian
tour and winning the Socrates trophy
which was booked forward by Socrates's
Widow that was a wonderful trophy to win
but our big one was the sorry carp but a
few years ago and ten years ago and
that's my private place for the recent
time romance around the club and of
course romance doesn't necessarily tie
up with fact but most of the stories are
true there's a wonderful story about
there when the penalty kick was
introduced and we didn't accept that
gentleman would actually deliberately
foul so we didn't think that penalty
kicks were right and so the goal teams
were told well don't defend the
or if it was awarded to us we would kick
Wyatt now that did actually happen but
it didn't happen all the time but it did
actually happen I think it is an anomaly
I'm really pleased that it continues as
an anomaly we've been so lucky in this
current manager being able to find
players who are willing to play the game
for no fee how long that will continue I
don't know let's hope it does Brian is a
very famous red shirt
of course Corinthians originally very
famous for their white and we'll go into
that but a famous red shirt of
Manchester United so Alex Ferguson
graciously brought a tea mirror thing
about in 2004 which would have been of
course many fans would know that as the
Cristiano Ronaldo Manchester United
shirt
why did Manchester United come here and
what was it celebrating it was to
commemorate the most magnificent of
events in that we hold the record defeat
of Manchester United I believe they used
to recall that as wonders of facts in
their program but perhaps they were a
little bit unhappy with recording it and
I think they've now got Everton as their
record defeat in the program is a
standard thing Corinthian casuals
against hive town lots of action
delighted to be joined by Cameron who's
the match reporter Cameron you look like
a very young match reporter how old are
you 16 16 so you're doing your exams and
usual stuff at 16 year olds do ya why
did you want to be a much reporter well
from very young age football's just my
life's been all football really I used
to be a kiosk well I am a QPR support so
it's just 2 years ago I came down to
casuals and decided to put my love of
writing with my love of football and uh
asked to do match reports so I asked the
club secretary and she let me do it and
I've been doing it for two years now we
all get dragged into talking about
Liverpool and Real Madrid and Man United
and Arsenal this is the real soul of
foot yes
yeah I really think we should um yeah
more young people should be watching
grassroots football it's um you're right
literally I'll write it right next to it
you can't just get that feel that you
know rush when you're sit in front of
the TV so I think yeah young people
should definitely do it
there most clubs if you go to we talk to
that Manchester United Liverpool or all
the big boys they've them's got a shop
they've got a whole mega store that's on
the bottom tier of the Emirates Stadium
that's raking in millions of pounds can
you show us the Corinthian casuals
version please because you do have a
mega store we do indeed and we're very
proud of it it's um it's quite something
it's a shared items here we've got the
famous pink of course with a hedge on
they are that so yeah they're I noticed
a couple of things first we have the
Corinthians of Sao Paulo
yes in the World Cup in Brazil I saw
this one around of course a lot one of
Brazil's biggest clubs that was directly
influenced by this Football Club as were
several others so there's that one we've
got the pink and and chocolate scarf but
there's something in it and I'm gonna
buy it and now that my cameraman Lauren
wants to buy one as well is that this
shirt cotton it's got the original
Corinthian cashmere while the
Corinthians badge Corinthian Football
Club that's right yeah
look at that beauty that is gonna come
back I'm gonna pay for it don't worry I
don't want any freebies but that is the
original shirts which inspired who give
us the the the great names the great
clubs that apart from Corinthians Sao
Paolo that were inspired by the show
Real Madrid no yes indeed lost Blancos
it was inspired by Cravens they were we
toured out there and they were inspired
ones got to remember that of course we
were the the principle Club probably of
the world it's a big statement but
football was in its infancy so
we were the first and we were touring
and giving football to the world how
proud are you to have a football club
that many many football fans these days
will not know about that has inspired so
many people but also managed to keep its
amateur ethos how important is that
ethos to the football club
it's the be-all and end-all that we
remember that we retain our amateur
status we won't ever allow there not to
be do you not have regrets though that
in a day and age where players have been
paid a couple of hundred thousand
Chairman owners and multi billionaires
that in reality we could be standing
here today as a fifty thousand arena
if Corinthians would have turned pro all
of those years ago yes but then the
principles that the club was established
and indeed at the the beginning of
football the idea was that it was a game
for pleasure for you to enjoy and for
the eventually those spectators to enjoy
and the professionalism came in later
which was against our Creed and we don't
wish to join that we've had offers to be
taken over for somebody to buy the club
because of its name and its press
prestigious past we won't do it we never
will it will remain the top playing
amateur side in the country
commentor Corinthian casuals taught me
why I played the game because I loved
the game and to chat to the grounds man
that doubles up as the program seller
the photographer that makes the program
Brian the Chairman it makes you realize
that still in 2018 in this day and age
where players are moving for a hundred
and fifty two hundred two hundred fifty
million pounds that the spirit the
Corinthian spirit of the game is still
alive
none of these players get paid the
manager Jamie doesn't get paid nobody
gets paid at this Football Club they all
do it for the love of the game so we've
come into the boardroom after the game
Neal Neal will eight to finish but a
fantastic day here at Corinthian casuals
if you wanted to know that as the parent
club the mother club the father Club 2
Corinthians s√£o Paulo is there it got
Kenan and Bruno that have come all the
way from Brazil to London of course beer
tourists that come back to the parent
club Kenan did you enjoy the game good
game boys you either so show us your
corinthian Sao Paolo fans and this is
your Corazon the club you had a good
time fantastic for supplies ooh obrigado
join us after the break as I sit down
with rail Betty's and Mexico skipper and
raise Guardado don't go anywhere
this year Mexico qualified for their
16th World Cup tournament i sat down
with El Capitan and Perez Guardado to
discuss ultras hopes as well as chatting
to his Bettis teammates about their
country's chances at this summer's woke
up
it's the middle of winter but you
wouldn't know it we're here in beautiful
Seville a trail better it's one of the
two great clubs that are hosted in this
city we're gonna have a chat to a man
today that is a legend and a hero for
Bettis here and more importantly for his
country Mexico is played in three World
Cup tournaments already his fourth will
be in Russia let's have a chat to Andres
guardado
and there is fantastic that you can join
me on the understand column Oh show and
we're here beautiful Betty's today your
fourth World Cup in the summer you
played three already do you still get
excited at the thought of playing in the
Copa Mundial si la verdad que yo lo veo
como si fuera primer oh no la verdad que
para me el que se hace una cuarta Copa
del mundo ovum Entei me tiene muy moti
Vado
pero realmente estoy mot Vado como si
fuera la primera vez por que siento que
ser√≠a con siento que tenemos un gran
equipo y siento que podemos cambiar la
historia para nuestro Pais
yes ESO lo que me Tian tan motive odd oh
no en poder ser parte todavia de un
equipo que Camila historia para mexico
es algo que me tiene muy English you
know which is been your favorite World
Cup he played in 2006 2010 in South
Africa 2014 in Brazil which one is your
favorite so far is he fishing yo c'mere
difficile enter lado Smith's a full dose
Min Couture say por que le mani a few me
the boot era muy joven solo ho un
partido
pero por ser la primera vez sspecial
otro los me Couture say tambi√©n fue muy
specia por que fue el mundial donde m√°s
minutos who a donde puede hacer un Bowl
donde creo que tambi√©n es tu new muy
cerca de conseguir lo que lo que quer√≠a
Mo's yer moon gran grupo no yokan poco
m√°s de esperanza de me entonces no Sabri
le here si entre la dos mil Couture so
mil says no las dos en una cosa muy
special Mexico was at the Confederations
Cup last summer I was there and watched
all of the games very good team what did
you think of the facilities and the
stadiums in Russia
are you excited at the thought of
playing for l3 in Russia
CA para nosotros el avocado la copa
confer a Sione's no se you de mucho para
sabe lo que no vamos a encontrar en en
los Estados los requried OHS Lala histy
con poco no la verdad que para Mexico yo
creo que que fue Ngram parametric a
nosotros vamos canto a lady in control
aprendizaje que hay que vivimos in a
company Moroccan in the mundial vamos a
la mejor you're an incredibly
experienced international over 100 games
for for l3 which countries do you think
are the favourites for the World Cup
will it be the usual country Germany
Argentina Brazil which do you think is
very strong yo yo creo que no puede
skirt Ananta Brasil Alemany espana para
mi soonest resurrection en masse porta
so Indian mundo que bueno no say no say
Si alguno mess pueda yo movin tahun teen
upon mexico siempre es la burrito no
pero pero bueno sastras election is in
Cahoon tow any keep went on a stress que
que mas for today about a million how
special will it be for you personally to
play in a fourth World Cup there's a
very very small group of footballers to
ever play in that amount of tournaments
it must make you very proud
Arroyo sur la verdad una Sonia con una
Copa mundo cuando squad or a few old
disabled boondi amigos Tohono Koppelman
yo en da estoy a puertas de Parma
Quarton entonces no troppo DRA described
ear Lauro yo soy
law satisfy toka stoick on con conseguir
esta estas cosas son Toa can messes pero
nada pasa
espero estar√° e yo se la que una noche
para pensar lo que significa hasta que
estas I eat a low preguntan e y un grupo
muy peque√±o no de los can ho cuatro Copa
del mundo entonces es una no who yo yo
holla que que puede hacer la puerta
mundo la mejor de here beautiful veces
pitch side you've got a big game this
weekend against Barcelona two of your
team mates fade out and do me see may
well be selected for Morocco and for
Denmark will you give them some of your
advice how to play a World Cup I like
him play comentarios youma central
lockup al mundo no pero bueno para para
el Vettes el que de who adores que la
copa mundial when oh yes paramos que
cada vez en masse no San Sereno horas
pan yoli's muy bueno si on KO jalapao
that insulting a selection Espanola e ek
I was impressed on a solution a couple
mundo para kwok ka-ki po PO's represent
emotion
finally russia 2018 lots of great teams
as captain what do you hope what do you
expect how far can mexico go pause pero
obviamente case a una de las mejores
copa del mundo para mexico new al
general yo creo que una generaci√≥n de
huaah Dora's en el mundo de que puede
ser un gran spectacular para todos y que
√©l realmente lo que us pero es que que
por fin mexico de sa paso que las a
Ponte las Copa del mundo y que podemos
hacer la historia que todos habla Mo's
amico and race thank you very much for
joining us all the very best for the
World Cup with Mexico live one final
thing our producer
he's Spanish and he's a big Betty's fan
and you're this here heroes he's Jose
Miguel has him a girl come and sit next
to your hero would would you sign his
shirt please these betty shirts
specialty so stan and Ollie logic we got
the name very very quickly in Spain okay
thank you very much for joining us on
the Stan Collymore show Copa Mundial in
the summer Morocco are back 20 years
since the last World Cup how excited are
you to be back at the World Cup
muchas gracias por Lambeth ASEAN 1 Vince
okay come interview para todo el pa√≠s
para Marcos porque some pie smooth
football arrow I know be anything to
have a muy interesante la verdad que que
un trabajo mundo para para poder llegar
I stock Opel Astra mundial de Russa por
que pienso que no tenemos mucho no
disposed event Daniels every intimate
estamos muy Feliz mushiya nas
no vamos a para para pasar el tiempo no
homicides para compartir para para ser
ngrams about the moroccan team is he
young easy all these a mix of experience
and youth
tell us about this thing as soon as soon
as misallocation a key focus on poco
mixed oh no por que IR gonna follow
restraint and euros pero ellos covenants
con con mucha projects you know who
adore a steep o CH as ax
Isaac's Amsterdam wolf Arshad hunter who
address muy interesante as no capital
made even a Tijuana event to solder muy
interesante gitsune leader many people
he interment a muchas horas hurry - al
que tambi√©n es un gran to adore
pero ante todos somos un gran grupo no
somos un equipo que que que no se Ramos
muy bien somos communism' Ilia II
sabemos que tenemos acquaintance
the personas detr√°s de nosotros que
knows when I use arenas van a poder en
todo momento no por lo tanto represent
amo some Grampa is a volver al mundo el
despu√©s de de vente a hace la verdad que
que mucho you see on post a nosotros
tenemos que que para para para dar
muchas Alegria's and most rappers kiss
Ramirez so here all at least me to say I
wish you and Morocco all the very best
of the world cup good luck thank you
very much thank you Lisa
delighted you can join us we just a
difficult training session you've got
Barcelona to come here of course in the
next few days but let's talk briefly
about the World Cup
Denmark qualified we were there in
Dublin to watch a quite an incredible
performance from the Danish team and
Christian Eriksen how excited are you to
be potentially playing in a World Cup in
the summer in Russia so be honest I'm
really really excited but first the
coach after to pick the squat before
before going well hopefully I'll be
there I'm really really excited and
finally what is the expectation for you
and the Danish squad to get out of the
group for us to be competitive what do
you think are realistic expectations for
Denmark we want soar to go through the
group stage and play for the title why
not I mean in the World Cup is really
really difficult to say because as I
said before you know every game has its
own life and you're looking forward to
going to and playing in Russia some
great stadiums the Luzhniki in Moscow
st. Petersburg 60 80 thousand a
different environment to play football
in yeah it's going to be totally
different but first of all we have to
enjoy and what I think one of the first
time the pitch we will forget about the
spectator so just enjoy enjoy every
second and give everything to win to win
the game good luck against Barcelona at
the weekend thank you for joining us
thank you very much thank you
that's the lot for this week but join us
at the same time next week as I'll be
sitting down with the second highest
ranked FIFA official no less
that's Fatma Samora and we take you to
the smallest football league in the
world come on
