we start with the latest on Wednesday's
high school shooting in the American
city of parkland in Florida police claim
the suspect Nicholas Cruz has confessed
to being the gunman responsible for
killing 17 people the police report says
Cruz told officers he shot students he
saw in the school's hallways and on the
grounds your so says he admitted
ditching his rifle and a vest he was
wearing in an effort to blend in with
the crowd to escape in addition to the
17 people who died at least a dozen
others were injured in the assault video
has emerged online apparently from one
of the classrooms while the attack was
underway and the following pictures
contain upsetting scenes shots rang out
inside the school panicking students
were seen running to safety this video
was taken while the gunman was still at
large it's understood the killer set off
a fire alarm to draw people out into the
open to cause as many casualties as
possible armed officers rapidly swarmed
the campus before leading pupils and
staff to safety
we spoke to paulina Olynyk one of the
students in the school at the time of
the shooting
we were like about to leave school was
supposed to turn hands before the bell
rang supposed to ring and we heard the
fire alarm and we started to walk out
but then like the school doctor told us
about the auditorium and hide because
it's not a fire drill it was called red
and at first like everybody still
thought it's kind of real like fake
drill that they do in the schools but
then we just heard that people started
talking about like oh there's a shooting
like in the next building that someone
already got killed
and like this is serious
they told us to be on the floor like so
nobody can see us and all that stuff
like not to be on our phones and it's an
end like mostly when we realize this
real and we were just like really
waiting at some point they came into the
room and they told us like like 30
minutes later they told us like
everything is clear around but like we
are not going to let you out like right
now because we students like here all
the school everybody was just trying to
reach out to their friends and their
family
I'm not harmed I just like feel really
sad and kind of lost because like I
don't know what to read the world like
how to react like so stuff because like
it's just never happened to me and I
just don't think that going to school is
going to be like the same after what
happened because I have like my algebra
class in the building where the shooting
was well the pictures from the scene
show the distress of those touched by
the tragedy here's how events unfolded
you saw what dead bodies are on the
floor and blood all around the floor
how many people like five on the third
floor did they look like students it was
one teacher in four students so they do
pull the fire drill we went outside boom
boom boom boom where each gunshot
I thought was firecrackers but after
heard the last shot I was like oh
it's only like could come in and being
like a gonna shoot at school you like
started texting you like a family like I
love you because you never know I if you
get a shot or killed there's no word
that can describe what you feel because
at that moment you're wondering what it
where's my kid is he okay is he safe
I want to start out by saying this is a
catastrophic
an unbelievably catastrophic day in
Broward County history it's devastating
well this is video of the Florida
shooting suspect arriving at a County
Jail police identified him as Nicholas
Cruz a 19 year old former student at the
school who was expelled for disciplinary
reasons and further details about him
have also emerged linking him to a white
nationalist group police say he was
armed with a semi-automatic rifle and
had multiple magazines while Cruz has
been charged with 17 counts of
premeditated murder students at the
school have described the suspect as
troubled reports claimed teachers were
warned some time ago about his
enthusiasm for firearms in his free time
and the FBI says it had investigated
Cruz for a youtube comment he made under
a documentary about a 1966 Texas
University shooting it said I'm going to
be a professional school shooter well
the US has a long history of school
shootings there have been 275 incidents
since 2013 that's an average of nearly
one a week 18 shootings have been
reported in schools so far just this
year here's a look at some of the most
serious cases from the past decade
it's over 300 million guns is enough for
every person in the United States to
have a gun it's insane and you know we
license cars you can't just get in a car
and drive it but you can get a gun and
shoot it you don't need any training you
don't need any licensing and a lot of
states now you can carry them undercover
legally there's a lot of nuttiness in
this country about how guns make you
safer and the evidence is all to the
contrary
