hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report yes we're back all kinds of good
things are happening
so max we're back from the Satoshi
roundtable where we were down in Mexico
enjoying the sunshine we both looked a
little bit sunny and in the second half
we have an amazing interview with
Patrick Byrne of overstock.com he's
coming out with someone exciting
platform called t0 you talked to him
about that and that is on a surprise
setting actually for the second half get
ready for that I shot it on my iPhone I
thought I did some pretty good camera
work there but while we were in Cancun
on February 8th or February 6 actually
2018 there was an interesting story that
happened that was breaking while we were
there not only was the price of Bitcoin
crashing and down into the five
thousands but there were testimony given
by the CFTC chairman and the SEC
chairman to a Senate committee and we're
gonna look at that headline SEC and CFTC
hearing more legitimate icos or if there
was no Bitcoin there would be no
blockchain the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission and US Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC met the morning
of February 6 2018 to discuss their
roles and blockchain virtual currencies
and icos
set in Washington DC at the Dirksen
Senate building the Committee on Banking
Housing and Urban Affairs met an open
session for about two hours the we'll go
over some of their quotes but the
shocking thing was just how positive in
particular Christopher Giancarlo who is
a chairman of the CFTC was about Bitcoin
he seemed to be a huge fan his kids his
niece everybody's involved in Bitcoin
and his family all the Millennials and
the youngsters he says yeah very
positive stuff from this regulator he
seems to be paving the way for a more
positive disposition toward Bitcoin you
know the world is cleaving for those who
support it those who don't support it it
doesn't seem to matter really who
supports it or doesn't support it that
has a life of its own
and it has an agenda you know the
protocol is hard-coded
to dismantle the fiat world as we know
it and
to try to get in the way will be
destroyed by it but those who want to
come on board like a friendly regulator
that's okay I am a bit wary though you
know it's the classic good cop/bad cop
scenario you know when regular anyone
from the government comes with the gift
you have to be a little leery well he
isn't in fact was say compared it to the
internet development and the Internet he
said developed without regulation and he
believes that this space should also
develop without regulation his quote was
during the almost 20 years of do no harm
regulation about the Internet a massive
amount of vet of investment was made in
the Internet infrastructure
yielded a rapid expansion and access
that supported Swift deployment and mass
adoption of internet-based technologies
internet-based innovations have
revolutionized nearly every aspect of
American life from telecommunications to
commerce transportation and research and
development do no harm was
unquestionably the right approach to
development of the Internet similarly I
believe that do no harm
is the right overarching approach for a
distributed ledger technology yeah well
then if the internet was destroyed with
net neutrality a so-called laws so it
was a Trojan horse that brought in
oligopolist monopolist like Jeff Bezos
and others who are now dominating the
economy and completely unhealthy ways so
yeah this regulator is all about come on
into my warm fuzzy hot tub and we've got
an agenda for you oh I hope the big I
know that bitcoin has the strength to
put these guys in their grave who are
you know johnny-come-lately who are
talking the good talk but we know from
experience in the internet being an exec
excellent example that they speak with
forked on so again he turns to first of
all he said if there was no Bitcoin
there would be no blockchain so he
destroys all that argument of the likes
of Jamie Dimon and Jim Rickards and
everybody who says well blockchain
technology is interesting he was asked
that by you know senators asking whether
or not what they thought about a block
chain without Bitcoin and he said it's
the value in the cryptocurrency which
secures the blockchain so there is you
can't separate the two then he said as
we saw with the development of the
Internet we cannot put the technology
genie back in the bottle virtual
currencies mark a paradigm shift in how
we think about payments traditional
financial processes and engaging in
economic activity ignoring these
developments will not make them go away
nor is it a responsible regulatory
response so again you know the likes of
Jim Rickards had said and many others
around him many other people like him
many people who've gone on CNBC and
Bloomberg have said that regulators will
destroy it and you know just get ready
for the IRS to crack down on you or you
know regulators to squash you or the
Department of Justice to squash you and
the next episode we're going to talk
about Arizona and their tax policy but
welcoming Bitcoin as payment of taxes
but in in terms of this the CFTC guy
this CFT chairman was very very positive
he's now got a huge following on Twitter
of all the Twitter folk oh the crypto
folk but then that will go into the sec
guy he was he was positive but not quite
as positive yeah okay so I mean he's
making some correct noises about the
relationship between Bitcoin and the
blockchain you know there was an attempt
to split these two and say oh the
blockchain is great I don't like Bitcoin
he understands that you can't separate
the two that in fact the blockchain is
enabled by Bitcoin not the other way
around
it's what makes it secure and so yeah
he's got now Bitcoin 101 again but you
know I remember the regulators like Bart
Chilton who looked at the silver market
it was given ironclad evidence of
manipulation and somehow he overlooked
that and and somehow didn't call time on
that scam
it took later we found out irrevocably
that that market was being manipulated
but by that time he was gone so well
this guy be thrown to the Wolves I mean
you know that the forces of the banking
industry Jamie Dimon is not going to go
away just because some regulator is you
know sweetly singing a sweet song you
know I don't think Jamie Dimon is hiding
under his bed you know he's reloading
you know this fight is gonna be ramped
up that's not going away it's important
to note for those out there the rest
world who might not know understand the
American regulation system CFTC is
basically regulating commodities and
futures markets out of Chicago is the
primary Centre for that SEC is you think
of Wall Street and even though they
cover the whole US you know it's mostly
Wall Street and Wall Street banks so the
SEC guy steps forward with his he also
says distributed ledger technology ie
blockchain and Bitcoin are okay there
new developments we're gonna see what
happens with them where as chairman J
and Carlo of CFTC mentioned icos initial
coin offerings only once
of course J Clayton the seat the
chairman of the SEC mentioned it 132
times and he says simply said we should
embrace the pursuit of technological
advancement as well as new and
innovative innovative techniques for
capital raising but not at the expense
of principles undermining our well
founded improving approach to protecting
investors and markets so we did have a
lawyer at the event who spoke about
after watching this testimony and this
lawyer said that Clayton was essentially
putting the gatekeepers on notice that
the the way the SEC regulates is they
regulate through lawyers and accountants
who are supposed to guide their clients
about about the correct procedures
Clayton says when he looked at every
single SEC every single IC o---- he
looked at was the security none of them
did register as his security maybe one
or two of them did so she did that so
this lawyer did mention that there will
be an enforcement action some
enforcement actions coming soon probably
against some exchanges and probably
against icos initial kwaini offerings
that were offering steep discounts to
certain insiders and people well yeah
the ICO market the initial coin offering
market is a distinct market and it does
come under the purview of the S
as a security that they would monitor
closely as a securities offering those
comments did overlap somewhat with
crypto currencies like Bitcoin and
aetherium they were talking about
Bitcoin when the question came up well
would you start to be taking a more
aggressive stance toward Bitcoin and
they said well we're not sure because
they don't have anyone to talk to it
Bitcoin there is no 1-800 bitcoin to
call there's no headquarters there's no
person like a Vitalik at ethereum so
again to my point here's a regulator
talking tough there's a regulator
talking sweet kisses good cop bad cop
this is what cops do this is what the
government does Bitcoin itself is on an
agenda it's it's hazarat you know I love
this story that the British banks are
being hacked into and people are mining
Bitcoin because if you anything you can
do to destroy British banks and Wall
Street banks is a positive toward a
better humanity they are the pox on our
civilization Bitcoin will attack them in
many different ways if you can undermine
them by mining and basically collapse
them from the inability to have the
energy to survive then that's another
great way to destroy these this plague
this this locust disinfestation called
you know the banksters of course i cos
have nothing to do with bitcoin or a
theory other than riding on top of it
they are financial offerings whether or
not ever anybody was trying to pretend
otherwise in the second half you do talk
to Patrick Byrne about regulators and
his he is doing an IC o---- but as the
security so he's doing it above board
with it the cops raid the whorehouse
they take the piano player you know what
I'm saying so they'll come in there and
they say all these ICS off there are all
securities you're all going to jail and
by the way you guys on the Bitcoin cap
you're coming along with us we have some
questions for you right so I mean this
is a war this is the war that we are
have been born to fight this is the war
satoshi put us in the playing field to
do battle this saw me
it's great that this guy's speaking
nicely but I don't trust him as far as I
can throw him while we were there
another fake Satoshi came forward by the
way but me and Satoshi I wrote this blog
post on Steam accom and that was
referring to Satoshi roundtable which is
the true vision of satoshis vision which
is that wherever we are now wherever
bitcoin is now is satoshis vision it
doesn't matter what the Toshi was
thinking nine years ago it's what has
developed now and the overall
conversation there at Satoshi round
table remember these are like a hundred
two hundred of the top engineers
investors and developers in this space
and Lightning Network was by far like
the largest most important technology
being developed around Bitcoin the other
big issue was speaking of regulators and
financial stuff was tether and tether
the the guys from BitFenix did talk
about that your our opinion and we are
investors in bit phonetics I must say
but our opinion was at the market just
like the market told us mount Gaucho was
gonna clap the collapse the market said
says about tether at this point anyway
that it's all there and it's all legit
well I I have my own version of Bitcoin
but I find that has the highest fidelity
to that which is presented in the white
paper which is about unifying the
world's collective unconscious and
that's what this technology will do to
usher in a new universal consciousness
as that's that's that's what we can
expect and there's no room for pigs like
Jamie Dimon we got to go to the second
half don't go away
much more coming your way
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to a catamaran
out in the Caribbean off of Cancun where
I had the chance to talk with Patrick
Byrne of overstock.com who is coming out
of course with t0 Patrick Byrne Patrick
welcome back to the cars report Thank
You max it's my honor as always yeah
some talking about Lambos you know
you've taken it up of course to the next
level with here on the catamaran
fantastic and I imagined yesterday with
Elon Musk sending a Tesla into outer
space you know you're part of the
visionaries of this world and he and I
gonna top that well I should be clear
this is the hotel's catamaran yeah we've
been sorry but maybe we should ask the
hotel and see if we can launch this in
outer space only appropriate now let's
talk you know I often say that the
history of Bitcoin is really two stages
there was the protocol launch in 2009
and then there's Patrick Byrne and what
I mean by that is that this industry was
always gonna have a rendezvous with the
SEC you know it started off as a kind of
a hobbyist paradise it became a currency
it became widespread and now this week
we've got some hearings in Washington
from the SEC and first my first question
is Patrick you is it fair to say that
you have been waiting for this day and
so this is no big surprise anything
you've seen so far it's kind of like
what you'd expect correct it yeah
correct
and it is you get the the Dramatic Art
where you get the the irony involved in
this whole narrative arc that we've that
this is turned up but yes it's what I've
expected in terms of the empire striking
back you mean like that and the pushback
from the establishment let me give me
some background so in other words
the episode that you had at overstock
and being the CEO is you did battle with
the short sellers and the naked short
sellers and there is a kind of a
loophole in the way transactions are
cleared on Wall Street where the book
that is keeping track of what are the
buys themselves it's not correlated on a
daily basis and you can be selling stock
that doesn't exist or not cover that
stock for a period of time and you can
engage in a coordinated attack on a
stock price and you went to battles on
that front and the lessons learned from
that Patrick you preloaded I may say you
were your t0 project and and so it's
gonna be master C to go max you are
strumming my face with your fingers
that's about it I learned a whole lot in
the course of that lawsuit I grew up in
the Holy Church of Cap'n Marcus I was
raised by economists I in a business
intellectual sense I loved capital
markets and then when I got public and
started wandering around Oh two oh four
oh five and started understanding what
was going on including I was there was a
bunch of smelled skunk and there was a
bunch of skunk in the air and there were
people who asked me up in Greenwich
Connecticut who asked me to take part
and stuff so I wasn't speculating I knew
what was going on cuz be were asking me
to take part in it I thought life was
like the Pelican brief where you figured
it all Julia Roberts figures it out
writes up a draft puts that in the whole
world comes to her aid turns out it
doesn't work like that because when all
roads lead back to goldman sachs and
what you're doing is it turns out you're
exposing a huge source of profitability
of messages that is a source of
profitability for goldman sachs the
whole world sort of attacks you so i
let's talk about pick up on that because
goldman sachs and Wall Street they are
in the biz
of making markets in those markets there
is a spread and by being both the buyer
and the seller in these markets and
providing quote unquote liquidity mm-hm
they are highly profitable in a business
with you might argue very little risk
and in a way and they're printing money
okay let's talk about your latest
creation t0 because this is as the name
implies really cuts into a huge profit
Center because there is so ability to do
a lot of the shenanigans that we've seen
over the years it's not a fair statement
and can you give us an update on t0 well
I would say and because there are
various public offerings going on I have
to be somewhat restrictive at what I say
I can't talk about the profitability or
potential profitability but yes this you
you've diagnosed exactly what we're
doing we're taking this core business of
Goldman and the various prime brokers
unfortunately I don't think they make
all their money from just buying and
selling I think there's also
manipulation and as you and I've talked
about as you just mentioned so it not
only it not only is attractive because I
think it takes about 80 or 90% of these
friction costs out of the system but
what it really does it is that we'll a
blockchain based capital market will
eliminate the possibility of all kinds
of mischief so whether it turns out to
be you know a profitable or it's yeah
we're taking on the establishment so I
can't guarantee anything but it's so one
simple example would be the number of
shares that a company has in their float
right it would be on the blockchain and
it's immutable and it's accountable and
you can't play games right so that
obvious advantage to blockchain complete
transparency for a regulator you know
when regulators see legal activity in
the market now they blue sheet it they
try to track it and they can't even it
all disappears into a mist of pre
netting and netting and sliced ice
circumcising and nobody's actually knows
who's behind these trades because
everything gets netted all that can be
stripped and the regulator's can have a
hundred percent transparency into the
atomic level of the market right to
eclipse um
background on this phrase netting a
trade having experience on Wall Street
myself I can send a confirmation to a
customer with a price that does not
reflect my commission because it's quote
unquote netted in that transaction on
the spread and it's a huge wiggle room
that goes on and there are guidelines
etc but they're only abused so Patrick
the sec let's get into it
they had hearings this week they finally
caught up to the blockchain of Bitcoin
they're now entering the arena where are
we in this fight I preface this by
saying you're battle-hardened and ready
to go is that fair well how would the
hearings go in your view where what did
you learn or didn't learn how did you
view the hearing well what I'm seeing is
that the regulators are not monolithic
they're humans and there's different
groups within the regulators some people
within the regulators really get
blockchain for example the people who
are concerned with systemic risk get it
and love it the people who are concerned
with really enforcing the rules they
love the fact that this will take a
whole bunch of mischief out of the
system the people who seem in my
experience at the federal level who seem
to be opposed to blockchain or I believe
well ten years ago well let's put it
this way I met a lot of officials who I
think they were dusting up their resumes
for their applications to big law firms
to work for Goldman Sachs and they had
no interest in in any of the things I
had to expose before awake I think it's
actually a different world now and
there's a lot more regulars who care
about things like systemic risk and such
but there are still an element in the
regulatory class who I think they're at
least their position has been to push
back on this for I think no other
reasons then you know they got in there
on some one speed dial somebody in
Greenwich Connecticut has a speed dial
you can tell the regulator push back on
this it's going to eliminate our profit
opportunity but anyway so there is
regulatory pushback but I see more and
more the regulators may
you know I've been down here with you in
Cancun this week Mac so I'm not entirely
sure but I think that the regulator's
are showing real movement and
understanding of this is a good thing
overall it's a good thing it's not good
for their you know their clients if you
view the clients of the captured
regulators as being Goldman Sachs it's
not good for the the regulatory clients
but if and that's their client industry
that they have had a history of
protecting but I think we're I think
they realize this is too big for them to
stop and there are plenty of people and
the regulatory community who want who
are want do their yeah they're open to
this going forward that's a very
diplomatic view of things mine to tell
me you asked that we've got as you
always do good cop bad cop when I hear
comments from these regulators that are
like you know we need to Oscar in this
new generation of entrepreneurs and risk
takers and be their warm little cup of
milk in their bedding time and tuck them
to bed and wish them good luck this is
the old good cop bad cop Patrick you
would be the least naive person in this
space I can imagine hope springs eternal
Oh
Springs attorney go ahead what did you
see I saw that there's no none of these
folks are gonna give up an inch to the
monopoly pricing power of Wall Street
and this is gonna be a tooth and nail
battle I don't see how it can't be a
tooth and nail battle now having said
that your product as I understand it is
a category killer you know you're gonna
wipe out all the inefficiencies like
uber killed
you know the business in a lot of ways
to transform the business p2p file swap
and kill the business with t0 you are
because you're already SEC aware you are
good you you've got basically you know
you could be the guy to usher in the
Oberer moment on Wall Street your
thoughts you're firmly from your lips to
God's ears
I certainly am aiming to do that and we
are yeah we're raising capital do that
and I would you know I would emphasize
this is a moonshot I'd love to hear your
thought of my chances because you know
we're raising 250 million bucks that
with which we hope to sort of recreate
or read
old they Wall Street echo system but a
complete blockchain version of it I
don't know I did if I say 50/50 then
what are the chances that we can do that
without getting blown up for me thrown
in jail fifty fifty years one hundred
percent chance of success because they
they're evil and evil losses at the end
of the day and Satoshi Nakamoto is pure
goodness pure goodness it's altruistic
it's meritocratic its paradigm busting
and the SEC is way behind the curve
they're just learning about this by the
time they finally figure out they've
been beaten it'll be too late and that's
the way it's designed you know there are
guys here I've met in the last two days
if one of us doesn't disrupt Wall Street
the other one will I can tell you that
we there well there's some fantastic
technology coming I've been trying to
tell the SEC for three years and it's
yeah well they it is good didn't see
that they are having hearings and waking
up and getting that this this is going
to change the world right so well we've
got about a minute I guess I would be
remiss if I didn't explain to people
that the reason you have this particular
style clothing on is that we're gonna
actually reenact Enter the Dragon on the
beach right I'm gonna be Bruce Lee and I
believe it gonna be Chuck Norris you
killed my father I must have revenge t0
is going to kill one Wall Street yeah I
think that'll really go over well could
be an overstock marketing material what
do you think I mean I'm sure no one's
gonna love that I mean this is demanding
you beg for this Chi for a branding I
mean this is sent from Satoshi himself I
don't think there's anything I could do
at this point that we're shocked the
shareholders maybe I don't mean to fair
enough but there's always room sits
shock and awe one hopes all right
Patrick Byrne thanks so much for being
on the Carson report great to see you
again max I love you I love your I love
the Kaiser report watch it all the time
well thank you so much and that does it
for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me max guys are gonna stay here
ever I'd like to think our guest Patrick
Byrne of t0 if you want to reach us on
Twitter its Keiser Report you until next
time bye y'all
