I recognize their authority over this
world I want to bring before you the
staffs staff to use
or they love these students serve their
families sacrificed so much to secure
the future in this Lord give them peace
as they come to grips with this new
reality as they process the loss of so
many of their precious kids and even
their colleagues as they have their own
overwhelming moments of grief and
anxiety and fear sadness
flood them with their Beast pull them up
sustain them encourage them help them
restore their hope
lord I want to speak the name of the
principal ty Thompson Lord please get
with
as he tries to wrap his mind around next
steps recovery plans give him exactly
what he needs I pray that you would fill
him with courage and determination that
can only be explained as a supernatural
act it comes from your hand power is
leadership in this critical time when I
come to you on behalf of the teachers I
pray that today and in the days to come
you give them strength the candidate
can't even imagine their thoughts and
their feelings at a time like this
everything they are devoted to is to
fostering life building others up they
need your pleas strengthen them give
them the right words to show them your
mercy and your favor as they go back
into the classroom
as I try to start over again lord please
bless the teachers order for the rest of
the faculty to the administration to
facilities I thank you for these heroes
I want to thank you in particular today
Lord for the athletic director the
assistant football coach martyrs
sacrificially and selflessly gave
themselves to protect their students
families help them
I hope courage peace
let's
previously Nationals Marcy
now
mr. Watson
honestly reality
it's
all right with
give him peace that was a pass all
interesting
God is they the face we happen to have
it
God as they seat
walk away
shred
space that leadership
their challenge mr. Bertie asking
themselves questions that they have
how
and I pray now God for this strength I
right now for there
from the rock of the romans chapter
God is for us who could ever be against
this
since he did not spare even his own son
but gave him up for us all well he also
give us everything else
who dares accuse us and God has chosen
for his own no one forgot himself have
given us right standing with himself who
then will condemn us no one right to
Jesus died for us and was raised to life
for us and he is sitting in the place of
honor at God's right hand now pleading
for us can anything ever separate us
from Christ's love does it mean he no
longer loves us if we have trouble or
calamity are persecuted our hungry are
destitute are in danger are threatened
even with death as the scripture says
for your sake we are killed every day
but even the powers of hell and separate
us from God's love
no power in the sky above our inherent
below indeed nothing in all creation
will ever be able to separate us from
the love of God that has prevailed in
Christ Jesus of Ephesians Paul writes
the Spirit has now at work in the sons
of disobedience among them we all once
lived in the passions of our flesh
carrying out in the desires of the body
in the mind and we're by nature children
of Wrath like the rest of mankind and
then these two greatest words may be the
greatest words almost richer but God
but God being rich in mercy because of
the great love which he loved us even
when we were dead in our trespasses made
us alive together with Christ would you
join me as we pray
or we rejoice in these two words but
we have a merciful and loving God who
cares for all it is right that we have
been here praying for all those affected
by the catastrophic events of yesterday
and it is also right that we include
every single person in our prayers so
Lord Jesus I want to lift to you the
troubled young man suspected in this
terrible attack
we pray for Nicholas Cruz before his
extended family
we ask
in his destroyed
it's show him the hope that can only be
found we plead for your miraculous work
to be limited in him and in spite of him
while we believe in your justice and the
need for justice and safety in regard to
Nicolas we also recognize that for those
of us who've known yet we do or want
sons of disobedience and wrath but God
you made all the difference for us Lord
you made that difference for us while we
were still caught in our sin and living
in alienation from you one of them
please give grace we know that you are
the god bone flesh and the God of all
peace so we know that nothing is too
difficult for your gracious mercy we
must confess to you that this request
may be too difficult for us we are in
pain with anger confusion frustration
and regret but God we know that you have
the answers we need and that ultimately
you are the answer
so please draw Nicholas to yourself
please draw us to yourself we believe
that you are the mind that we are the
branches and that apart from you we can
do absolutely nothing we beg you to meet
us here in our pain we make his prayer
with faith in your ability and love
toward us and when Nicholas in the name
of Jesus Christ our Lord and sing with
hope
anticipation we make this
and animal I hope that this has been is
encouraging to you guys it's a testament
to me I've been a pastor in this
community for the better part of the
last 20 years I've never seen a day
quite like this one
but I want to tell you what else that I
have not seen quite like commercial
community I've never seen anything quite
like the unity that exists in the
Christian community today and hope that
all of you who are here today get a
sense of that unity God has been working
in work of unity in which he's been
coming and removing all of the things
that have kept us apart and particularly
in these last few years we have come
together in relationship and we have
come together in mission and it is
absolutely beautiful and I think that
pleases the Lord but as I drove here
today I thought to myself agree for you
have been bringing us together the past
few years
this that we might be ready for this
that we might approach this with one
heart with one love with one passion
with one emblem of selflessness with one
willingness to play ourselves down after
the fashion of the one who laid his life
down for us we might so that end of how
long we often find it hard to know
exactly said at the beginning Broward
County
it's our home
not only do we worship here we live here
we work here we send our kids to school
here and so that it's pain is our name
we stand united as a faith community
with our first responders teachers city
leaders and fellow residents affected by
this tragedy we are praying for you we
love you that we are here to serve you
to our Broward County Mayor school board
members Superintendent of Schools and
the fellow city officials we commend you
for your leadership through our first
responders we are thankful for your
bravery to our teachers we thank you for
your selflessness and sacrifice and
please know that we really are here for
you we pledge to work
shoulder-to-shoulder together with you
to ensure that love is greater than evil
and the peace in the midst of violence
it's now nass we grieve may we also
remember that our hope lies in the
Prince of Peace and as we pray let us
ask the God of all comfort to gently
remind us all that he is near that he is
president and his love is greater
if there's anything more than we can do
to be of immediate help please let us
know and said that on behalf of
searching identity and with our deepest
sympathies
yours in Christchurch United so there's
a prayer that the Christian Church has
been praying for 2,000 years we know
this because it's the Lord's answer that
his disciples came to him and said teach
us how to pray which i think is what a
lot of us are wondering in this moment
it's on the back of your bulletin
they've memorized it at the King James
and you do not have a bulletin then it
might sound a little different to you
this is from the new English virgin and
American Standard Version anyway I'd be
sorry if you would stand let's say this
prayer together
our Father in heaven Hallowed be your
name your kingdom come your will be done
on earth as it is in heaven give us
today our daily bread and forgive us our
debts as we also have forgiven our
debtors and lead us not into temptation
but deliver us from the evil one
amen and in the old King James it says 1
for thine is the kingdom and the power
and the glory forever amen
and now let us say the greatest tempt
frankly that's ever been read
as we sing in honor of the victims the
lines that were lost each leader here is
going to release a balloon and honor
miss Briggs
me
Oh
ah
in there
got shine
you know the stairs to see
Jehovah had of the process that in next
team she closed the words of Paul in the
words of Jesus Philippians 4:7 says and
the peace of God which passeth all
understanding will guard your part in
your minds in Christ Jesus the words of
Jesus in John 14:27 peace I leave with
you my peace I give to you
did I give you as the world gives do not
let your heart in trouble only fair
bargain has pray father will you grant
us peace would you use my hands and our
lives to bring peace Tennessee to help
the healing of the families of loss or
Loveland may we experienced a piece of
thought that passes all human
comprehension
now what to him who was able to keep us
and to show us fall for the food of
grits to the only wise not beyond
Dominion of power and glory now and
forever more in Jesus name Oh in peace
thank you
strange
