so we start with breaking news tragic
news coming from the United States where
a shooting has taken place at a high
school in southern Florida 17 people are
dead following the attack according to
local officials the rampage has also
left up to 50 injured reports say and
unverified video has emerged online
appearing to show the moment of the
school shooting at the high school we
cannot independently verify its
authenticity but before we show it to
you we must warn you that you might find
the following video upset take a look
there Ronis I'm joined live by artis at
Samira Khan Samira what more do we know
about the situation so far
well multiple fatalities have been
confirmed in the deadly shooting that
took place today at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high a high school about 50
kilometres north of Miami Florida now
according to the Broward County
Sheriff's Office 17 people lost their
lives and up to 15 were injured let's
take a look at the sheriff's description
of the situation we have 17 confirmed
victims 12 victims were within the
building
to two victims or outside just outside
the building one victim is on the street
at the corner of Pine Island and two
folks people lost their lives at the
hospital it's a mixture I don't know if
they already teaches but there will be
law you know there's certainly students
and certainly adults authorities have
also said that the suspected shooter
apparently a former student has been
detained as and is now in police custody
but the scene is still active and SWAT
teams are clearing the school at the
moment but the sheriff's office has
identified the shooter as Nicholas Cruz
a 19 year old former student who
reportedly used an ar-15 rifle and had
multiple magazines on him Florida
Governor Rick Scott said he had been in
touch with local officials throughout
the whole incident and a president
Donald Trump has offered his prayers and
condolences via Twitter but according to
the school's Twitter students have been
reunited with their families who
described the situation as chaotic and
frantic now we don't know the exact
details regarding the suspect but we'll
get you all of the info on that as soon
as we have it right arty Samir Khan
there for us in the United States
staying across the situation for us
thanks for being with us now police have
detained the suspect the gunman and
identified him as Nicholas Cruz as you
just heard
Samir mention he is a 19 year old a
former student of the school who was
expelled for disciplinary reasons this
is the latest video that we have of the
suspect Nicholas Cruz he's wearing a
hospital gown now and he is being taken
out of a police car by the officers and
then taken into the police station
presumably for questioning now there was
a high school freshman at the school
tweeting out the incident as it was
unfolding harrowing situation take a
look
all right to discuss this further let's
now cross live to Steven malls berg who
is a conservative TV and radio host
Steve thanks for being with us here on
Artie International so we've seen
incidents like this unfold many many
many times now in the United States
unfortunately this is the 18th school
shooting incident not all have injuries
but in the United States this year in
2018 alone what might trigger a student
to target his classmates like this and
was this a cry for a help or attention
or maybe something else something bigger
well first of all thanks for having me
I'm the one who I send my condolences to
the families of those who lost their
most precious loved ones today and and
and pray for the injured as Donald Trump
said similar earlier on by the way I
take issue I mean I don't want to I know
that they classify school shootings even
if it takes place in a parking lot or
across the street and even if no one's
injured so you know that that number of
18 school shootings in the in the in the
United States already this year I find
that a little misleading I'm not blaming
you now this this shooter according to
what I've been reading I've seen a quote
from his math teacher from when he was a
student last year and the math teacher
said he wasn't allowed in the school
with the backpack they that's how much
they suspected he'd be up to no good one
day I've heard from other classmates
that people knew he liked to talk about
guns and he had guns at home and he
showed they had talked about bombs and
people people felt apparently at least
they're saying it now that it was only a
matter of time and people stayed away
from this guy so this doesn't come as a
complete surprise that to those on the
ground in the area at the school that
this kid if he did it would be up to no
good
now you mentioned this letter from the
teacher and the fact that he seemed to
be obsessed with weapons and knives and
what-have-you how could this attacker
have obtained weapons he may not have
even been old enough to buy the weapons
legally well I'm not sure I don't we
don't know yet what he had and you know
if he stole them if he bought him it's a
little too early for that
he is 19 now I don't know what the legal
age is in in the state of Florida or
where he obtained them you know that
aside what I would like to if you don't
mind I would just like to say that one
thing that that these shootings have in
common in the United States and there
have been school shootings elsewhere
there's been a couple in Germany over
the past two 10 years were 17 and 16
were shot by by teenagers there's been
of course Beslan was a terror attack
Kenya had a terror attack other
countries Rio had a young man who killed
students so it's not unique only to the
United States with guns in schools but I
think in this country the Liberals and
the left they're adverse to to to
letting teachers who are willing to be
trained and wanted to undertake the
responsibility to have a gun in the
classroom in their desk or on their
person to prevent something like this or
to make it less of a catastrophe these
zones schools shopping malls what where
these mass shooters strike they're
gun-free zones which means the shooter
knows I'm going to be able to walk in
here and I'm gonna have all day until a
cop shows up to just shoot and reload
and keep shooting because nobody is
allowed to have a gun for self defense I
think that needs to change in our
schools so what specifically needs to
change I mean you do bring up a good
point that there are school shootings
and incidents similar to this in other
countries but in other countries they
seem to be an anomaly in the United
States they seem to be something of
unfortunately becoming a part of
gnorm and this is something that we
don't want to happen to be the norm in
the u.s. what needs to happen in schools
in order to make sure that this doesn't
happen well you know in in when they
talk about putting a police officer in
schools or police officer I think every
locality should be required to have a
police officer in every school now that
may not stop it it certainly might deter
a lot of people who might do it
otherwise and you hear the left scream
oh no violation of civil rights
we don't want cops in our schools you
know you're conflating with kids as if
cops are the enemy so you need a police
officer in every school and I think
taxpayers would agree to pay for that in
their locality I think it's worth it and
you also like I said you need to let
teachers and workers in the school after
they undergo background checks and after
their mental health is established and
after they go undergo training if they
want to carry guns or have a gun in
their desk at school they should be
allowed to right now you talk about that
and you're viewed as some kind of
radical nutjob but it would deter and it
would also help in the event of a
shooting where they could stop somebody
from shooting more and get to them
before the police could actually get
there and stop the shooter that's that's
just two things I see right off the bat
so you bring up the big gun debate in
the United States and you are a
self-proclaimed with conservative TV and
radio host the left would say that more
guns is not the answer to the problem
and this incident is sure to bring up
the political debate in Washington once
again as to sensible gun control versus
the NRA lobby which doesn't want to have
any gun control and impose whatsoever
but you also brought up the point that
after their background checks and after
their mental health checks come out do
you think that sensible gun regulation
in the United States is a possibility
well I'm talking about for teachers
that's what I was talking about
we have sensible gun control we have
eight
10,000 gun laws in this country Chicago
has some of the most prohibitive
strictest gun laws in the country and
it's a it's a disaster area where people
get shot all the time by bad guys not
letting good guys have guns is not the
answer
letting good guys have guns is the
answer the bad guys will always have the
guns so we do have gun laws and by the
way the reason why you always hear this
the and Congress doesn't do anything
even by the way when the Democrats
controlled Congress and when Barack
Obama was president you know why they
don't continue on this and go for it and
go for it and push it because the public
doesn't want it if it was politically
advantageous to the left to pursue this
they would but the overwhelming majority
of people in this country believe in the
Second Amendment and we're proud to have
the Second Amendment and with common
sense how about a crime bill that locks
up the criminal if you use a gun in the
commission of a crime just show it ten
years in prison
no questions asked if you firing them
even if you fire it in the air 15 years
how's that for gun control oh no that's
that's inhumane the left would say you
can't lock up the bad guy
so we're all messed up in this country
when it comes to the left and their
values and their perceptions gun control
yes we do have laws on the books 18,000
of them well pushing back just a little
bit Donald Trump one of his first actual
acts as president was to lessen the
restrictions on guns for people who do
have mental health problems and mental
disabilities to make it easier for them
to get a gun do you think it is a good
idea for people who have mental health
issues to be allowed to carry guns in
these situations
no and I don't think that's what he did
I mean what is a mental problem if
anybody who's ever been to a a therapist
anybody who's ever been to a
psychiatrist anybody who's ever sought
help for anxiety is that qualify you as
a does that this you know disqualify you
from from having your second Amendment
rights we have to be very careful now
look I have I have a child I have my own
safety I have my family I don't want
anybody showing up with a gun but you
can't take the Second Amendment away
from a person just because they you know
they had anxiety or they or they were
accused of something that never came to
fruition you have to be careful you go
down that slippery slope and you're
going to take a lot of people away a lot
of people's rights away in an unintended
way let's talk about that mental health
issue just for a second
is it possible for schools to track
these students better maybe even social
profiling if you will even though that
seems like a controversial concept but
what can schools do to ensure that they
catch these students before incidents
like this take place I don't know I mean
without infringing on their privacy okay
okay troubled students troubled students
a report you know we have a saying here
that if you see something say something
that usually applies to terrorists
terrorism if you see a bag on a train or
at an airport or somebody acting
suspicious they want you to say
something on the other hand the left
then will say oh you're profiling so
they want that both ways - but but say
see something say something
same could be for students I mean I'm
sure troubled students are reported by
the teacher to the department heads but
then what happens you call the parents I
mean you can't call law enforcement just
because somebody talks about something
or acts strange or whatever I mean it's
again it's a very slippery slope but
it's a very hard job I mean teachers and
administrators they got all these
students coming and going but if someone
sticks out there should be a mechanism
where yeah they're reported but
ultimately it also comes down to the
parent a parents got to know their kid a
pair
got to know something's wrong with their
kid I mean who knows the kid better than
their parents parental responsibility
plays a big role here I'm not saying in
this shooting because I know nothing
about this 19 year old and his history
and his parents but in general yes the
parent has to play a large role here and
just to fill people in who are just
joining us you're watching art
international and our special coverage
of breaking news coming from southern
Florida in the United States where a
shooting has taken place out of high
school where 17 people are dead
following the attack up to 50 possibly
more injured as well and right now we're
talking with Steve mounts Berg who is a
conservative TV and radio host now Steve
very interesting to hear your opinions
such an interesting situation I want to
know about something that the sheriff
said we were just talking about social
profiling and actually the sheriff in
his media conference asked people to
tell police if they notice suspicious
activity on social media specifically
speaking to fellow students does this
seem like a controversial idea is this
where we're headed as a country in the
United States where law enforcement is
going to be asking students to basically
rat out other students or is that a good
thing is it what are you thoughts well
that's that that's that's difficult to I
mean I I don't you know I don't know how
officially he's calling for that but
certainly if if you're a student and
you're afraid of another kid and and and
other people are afraid to and you
amongst yourself say this guy is gonna
snap one day this guy is gonna do
something this guy and eat you know and
look what he posted on social media
there's nothing wrong with showing it to
the teacher or showing it to your parent
or calling the police if you think
there's something I don't think you need
to actively go through the social media
of all your friends I think you would
know whose social media to look at so I
don't think it's a call to rat out
people but it's a call again if you
sense something if
you if this guy six up like a sore thumb
and you know that he's posting threats
or he's posting bomb-making materials or
guns or whatever that's a good idea to
tell somebody what is the right thing to
do politically in this situation what
what what's the answer I mean I know
that's I'm it's a very open-ended broad
question here but what can the right
offer to make these situations less
frequent well you know first of all the
first thing one of the cable stations
right after the shooting talked about
how the anchor and the guest a terrorism
expert talked about how we're the only
country the only country where this
happens it happens nowhere else which as
I've already alluded to is full is false
then there was a democratic elected
official a congressman from Connecticut
before I left to come to do your show
who was on that same cable network and
he was talking about the NRA and blah
blah blah this it's the same old mantra
the bodies aren't even claimed yet the
identities aren't even known and already
they know to blame the IRA how how does
anybody know what happened in this
situation where he got the gun why it
was it legal was it not did he break a
law that he followed the law up until
the point of shooting of course was he
did he have a psychiatric history or not
so so I think what we first need to do
politically is and this is unfortunate
on both sides sometimes don't jump to
conclusions let's wait and see what
what's going on here but again we're not
gonna sacrifice the Second Amendment in
this country because there are bad guys
and taking guns away and limiting the
rights of good guys is just not the
answer to getting rid of bad guys bad
guys will always be bad and if you take
away their guns which will be impossible
they'll use other means of killing and I
think that's been proven time and time
again so if we look at the process in
the United States many of our viewers
around the world don't necessarily know
what our system is what is going to
happen next to the shooter
well the shooter is in custody he
Whitney was taken to the hospital he was
checked out he's now in custody he will
I would imagine be arraigned before a
judge he will enter a plea an
arraignment is being charged they'll
charge him I guess with multiple counts
of murder and he will have a lawyer
either he'll get a lawyer or one will be
appointed for him that's how it works in
this country as you well know if you
can't afford one I don't have one one is
provided and he will enter a plea guilty
not guilty whatever and you know then he
will undergo a series of mental health
checks to see if he's qualified to stand
trial and then he'll arrange a defense
with his attorney if he is deemed
qualified does he plead insanity does he
plead to cut a deal where there's no
trial and he pleads guilty to certain
charges for a certain amount of jail
time so there's no telling you know how
what what path this will take but one
thing is for certain this man well if he
did it I know yeah we could only assume
the reports are correct he will never
see the light of day again all right
Steve malls burger conservative TV and
radio host and you bring up a good point
that it's still early in this situation
and we need to wait for everything to
play out before everybody jumps on and
tries to point fingers and figure out
what to do based on in complete
information all right thanks for being
with us
Jennifer Breeden international law
attorney told us earlier that
restricting access to firearms in the
United States is a very challenging
proposition we've allowed guns to come
into the hands and I mean that is the
right of Americans and the Second
Amendment is to have guns to use them
responsibly and to use them for
self-defense and for purposes like that
not to carry out violence so but even if
tomorrow the US was to say no more guns
they're all bad completely bad you still
have millions of guns throughout the
United States that the wrong person can
get their hands on and so the most
important thing right now if violence
like this can happen inevitably
regardless of gun control laws is to
make sure that one people that have them
are protecting them in their home
keeping them safe to make sure that we
have background checks security checks
so they
get into the hands of the wrong people
and three to make sure that we set up to
utilize funds to set up the proper
defense mechanisms have local police
forces local law enforcement be able to
bring proper security to the school be
able to at least guard the school send a
couple uniformed officers or at least
keep an eye out on the school so there's
somebody there something like this
doesn't happen again in order to stop
the threat of violence that people can't
just freely go into schools where
children are trying to learn so that's
gonna be the most important thing is
making sure if we can't stop this or
stop people from getting their their
hands on the weapons right now then then
we have defense measures law enforcement
set in place to at least protect the
victims if this in fact does happen
again are now reports coming in from
police that at least 17 people have been
killed there at that high school early
reports were that about 14 to 20 people
were injured now the suspect is in
custody it has been reported that he is
a 19 year old former student of the
school the school is reported to be
Marjory Stoneman Douglas high in
parkland Florida police have detained
the suspected gunman and identified him
as Nicholas Cruz he is a 19 year old
former student of the school as we just
mentioned who has expelled previously
for disciplinary reasons we now have
video showing the SWAT team as it
evacuated students from their classroom
inside let's take a look so now let's
take a look at the history of u.s.
school shootings there have been 275
incidents since 2013 with an average of
nearly one a week and there have already
been 18 the shootings in schools so far
this year here's a look at some of the
most serious cases in the last decade
