reports that the american-led coalition
in syria has killed dozens of russian
mercenaries have led to headlines
raising the specter of direct us Russia
confrontation and Moscow has responded
to the tapes Russian citizens might be
in Syria but they don't belong to
Russia's armed forces although they do
remain Russian citizens once again we
are calling on everyone not to follow
intentional or non-intentional false
information and take a serious approach
in describing such an important issue
the music's cough also suggests at all
media sources to reach out to Russia's
Defense Ministry to verify facts before
publishing and as for the US side the
world there's been no confirmation
coming from there on the contrary the US
defense secretary said that he has no
information that any Russian army
servicemen were among the casualties
following the u.s. airstrikes now a
number of reports first appeared on
different social media platforms last
week suggesting that anywhere from
several dozens to up to several hundreds
Russian mercenaries were killed in Syria
and the reports of alleged Russian
casualties were very quickly picked up
by different international media sources
including the Bloomberg CNN the Daily
Mail the New York Times and many others
so as it says for now there's been no
confirmation provided regarding the
story well one week ago pro-government
forces in Syria were attacked by the
us-led coalition near the Euphrates
River the Coalition says it was
responding to an unprovoked attack on
the Syrian democratic forces
headquarters there who are fighting the
government these are some of the
survivors being treated at a local
hospital
