America's top diplomat is on a relations
building tour across the Middle East one
of the hot topics on the early legs of
Rex Tillerson Strip is Donald Trump's
decision to recognize Jerusalem as the
Israeli capital it's important to note
that when President Trump made his
decision guarding the Jerusalem he also
made two very important points as well
one of which was he was not advocating
for any change to the status quo as to
oversight of the holy holy sites and
secondly he made clear that the
positions on the final boundaries or
borders of Jerusalem is a matter that's
left for the parties to negotiate and
discuss a back in December President
Trump threw his support behind Israel's
claims over the city of Jerusalem saying
that the US would move its embassy there
from Tel Aviv and the announcement
sparked violent protests around the
world
well let's dig a little bit deeper into
the US Secretary of State's tour now
with Dimitri de l'ann√©e
a member of the Fatah Revolutionary
Council and the pleasure to have you
back on the program how successful do
you think Rex Tillerson Strip is going
to be at what I assume is his number one
agenda here improving relations with
Middle Eastern countries I think this is
doesn't go beyond a public relations
effort after the the mess that was
caused by Trump's decision on
declaration on Jerusalem back in
December I don't think you will be
successful he is known to be a
lightweight in u.s. foreign policy
especially pertaining to the Middle East
as he admitted himself the peace plan
that he talks about it's only he have
seen it he have seen points of it that
these are his words so in other words
the Secretary of State has no idea what
he's talking about on the also another
side we know that how a Donald Trump
runs his White House he runs it like a
corporation and he is the only one with
the ideas his only one to take credit
for everything but he will push failure
on everybody else and I believe that
Tillerson involvement at this point that
just in case as something goes bust
which things are going that way in that
direction in the Middle East special one
comes to the peace process or the
non-existent peace process I think
Tillerson is here just to get the blame
that's all just looking through his
schedule he wrecks person is going to
end the trip in Turkey do you think he's
going to expect a warm welcome from
Ankara things have looked a little bit
shitty in the past number of weeks of
May yes but we understand I mean we all
have to understand that Turkey is a NATO
ally it's member of NATO and there are
so much that brings Turkey on the side
of Israel and the United States much
more than it would bring it through the
rhetoric used by its official leaders
namely our Dogon who said that he will
cut off ties if Donald Trump declares
Jerusalem as the capital said of Israel
that was a day before the Declaration
and until today we have yet to hear
anything on the contrary they are
receiving the Secretary of State so in
Syria of course what they yes they are
but you know things in Syria are not so
permanent as in terms of who's is in the
same side of who at what time things
have changed the only access that has
been consistent is is the Russian the
Russia the Syrian government and
Hezbollah otherwise everybody has been
into changing the places like musical
chairs yeah another aspect here just to
get your thoughts on Rex Tillerson
believes or he says at least that UN
member states should increase their
funding to the United Nations relief
agency that seems to be a beacon call
for Policy Palestinian refugees in in
the near East do you think countries are
going to back his call and give money to
that people actually countries are doing
that and his call has no value once the
United States has pulled down or pushed
down its contribution to the honor wah I
think it has lost a lot of status a lot
of influence and other countries smaller
countries with less fortunes have
stepped up to fill up the gap even
though
the gap has not been filled yet and the
Arawa is suffering a lot and therefore
children and elderly and refugees in
general Palestinian refugees have been
suffering a lot as a result direct
result of the decision taken by the
Trump administration and and I really
think that the US has been losing a lot
of influence especially in the Middle
East area with the rise of the Russian
star and such calls really bear no
meaning as tell arson specifically is
becoming more and more irrelevant to
politics here
Dmitry doolally a member of the far
revolutionary culture thanks for your
take this hour
