on the UK there's some headlines from
there today it's ongoing a long
drawn-out planned exit from the European
Union more on that the British Foreign
Secretary Boris Johnson has been given
an update or giving an update on the
divorce and negotiations with the EU
which many have criticized for making
not a lot of progress Laura Smith has
got the latest then she took it all in
for us at that conference this is the
first in a series of six speeches to be
made by cabinet members in the next
three weeks Boris Johnson has opened
this series of speeches entitled road to
brexit and it was an address aimed at
persuading people who don't think that
leaving the EU is a very good idea that
it's actually all about hope and
opportunity but in the same breath
saying that reversing that decision
would be a very bad idea here he is I
fear that some people are becoming
evermore determined to stop brexit to
reverse the referendum vote of June the
23rd 2016 and to frustrate the will of
the people I believe that would be a
disastrous mistake that would lead to
permanent and in eradicable feelings of
betrayal he's identified three main
fears that people who don't want to
leave the EU have they talk about
security the fear that that brexit would
cast the UK adrift to fend for itself
they talked about it being a pulling up
of the drawbridge that brexit is
synonymous with xenophobia and also of
course economic worries that Britain
would be worse off outside the single
market and the customs union so Johnson
this morning tried to address those
fears in turn the Cosenza is a speech
that as I say was long on a waffle and
slightly off-color jokes but very short
on detail which is arguably what might
make some remain has changed their minds
about brexit on Twitter of course
opposition MPs were very quick to point
this out Evette Cooper said that with
fifty thirteen months to go what we need
is answers are not bluster and David
Lammy made a similar point we've heard
it all before
a few bad jokes and a few long words
even Boris himself was sounding a little
bit desperate by the end here he is
under a hail of questions from
journalists enough of your sweet
nothings where's the clarity do you
think that you are the right person to
be reaching out to to those remain as do
you
there's a certain approach to brexit the
we're feeding this country because we
have a PM who won't say she'll vote for
it today some of the anger that fueled
remainders has come from your own
government
I accept that this morning I'm not going
to persuade everybody but I've got to
I've got to try and I've got to make the
effort because in the end these are
people's feelings and people's feelings
matter two questions remain that were
also asked at today's media conference
and that is whether Boris is the man to
deliver this message and of course
whether it's actually too little too
late
