mr. Riebe I'll be honest with you Russia
is baffled and this is how people see
the story first
the IOC bans a group of Russian athletes
from competing ever again then your
Court says no the sanctions must be
lifted but then in Pyeongchang casts
rejects the appeals so I thought that
the sanctions were about competing in
the first place how is that possible
maybe to summarize this without being
too legalistic I will call the first
case the Sochi case and the second case
the Pyeongchang case the Sochi case was
a disciplinary case initiated by the
International Olympic Committee versus
many athletes many Russian athletes and
we had that case that we heard in Geneva
two weeks before the start of the games
involving 39 Russian athletes this was a
totally unusual case I think in the
history of casts because it was not a
classic doping case where you have a
positive test by an athlete and the
athlete has to establish his innocence
here it was the International Olympic
Committee which had to prove or to
establish the guilt of these athletes so
it had to show evidence and we decided I
mean the cast determined that on in
elevant cases there was sufficient
evidence to confirm that there was an
anti-doping rule relation but for 28
cases there was not enough evidence
therefore these 28 athletes were no no
longer sanctioned
so they were not suspended anymore after
our decisions on the 1st of February so
that's the first part
it was disciplinary the second case
which I call the Pyongyang case which
was involving the decision of the IOC
not to invite some Russian athletes so
these 28 athletes who were no longer
suspended applied to be eligible to
compete in Pyeongchang but some of them
yeah some of them sorry 15 I think 13
athlete plus 2 coaches these athletes
apply
but were denied access to the games
because the IOC decided not to invite
them so it was not a sanction it was an
eligibility issue that's illegal
this difference for us I understand the
reaction of the public in Russia because
it doesn't seem logical exactly the
Russian side doesn't see the logic here
so please let me just go back to
something you read out on the opening
day the process created by the IOC to
establish an invitation list of Russian
athletes to compete as Olympic athletes
from Russia could not be described as a
sanction but rather as an eligibility
decision so how is stripping an athlete
of his or her right to compete at the
Olympics not a sanction technically it's
not a sanction it's a selection issue
because the Russian Olympic Committee is
suspended but the IOC nevertheless
wanted to invite some Russian athletes
they believed they were eligible to
compete and this is a special procedure
because they created a special
commission for that I don't remember the
exact name but they had two commissions
I think to evaluate the status of these
athletes and they determined I think in
accordance with 17 criteria which
athletes should be eligible to compete
in Pyeongchang so the cast panel here
reviewed these criteria and said they
were fair and there was no
discrimination against any of these
athletes but I understand the reaction
of these athletes who have not been
selected and of the public because it's
not very obvious for them to see the
difference but please let me get this
straight you have named two cases as
your condom the Sochi case and the
Pyeongchang case you are saying that
there are absolutely no contradictions
between the two decisions yes and the
invitation case if I can say that is not
only related to these 15 athletes there
were many other athletes with being
turned down because they were denied
access to the games they had not been
involved in this trial in Geneva with
the first caste panel but they have not
been selected either please let me give
you a quote from
mr. Adams he said the following at a
press conference the cast secretary
general obviously referring to you
insisted that the Court of Arbitration
for sport decision does not mean that
these 28 athletes are declared innocent
does that mean that presumption of
innocence doesn't work with casts again
I repeat the beauty of the IOC was to
show that the athletes involved in this
case were guilty of an anti-doping
relation the fact that you cannot
establish the give evidence of the guilt
of the elds doesn't mean that you have
established the innocence of the athlete
you see what I mean if you have an
athlete or any more anyone committing a
doping infraction if we have a classic
doping case you have a positive test
then you have a presumption of guilt of
the athlete this is the other way around
with the Sochi case because the IOC had
to show that the athlete were guilty the
fact that they are unable to show the
guilt of an athlete doesn't mean that
the athlete has nothing to do at all
with the case and is totally innocent
this is a logical consequence and this
is nothing bad about it well it's
definitely bad for some people mr. Riebe
the athletes from the groups that your
court had to deal with haven't been
explained their wrongdoings by the IOC
but did the International Olympic
Committee at least provide casts with
proof of their guilt it's difficult for
me to go into details because this case
we only have the decisions without the
reasons so we know the result we know
the media releases that I have
pronounced but we don't know the full
reasons for each of these 39 cases so
what the only thing I can imagine as a
lawyer is that there were some evidence
brought by the IOC which show some
suspicions about some wrongdoings in
this situation for some sorry but I
thought that was the job of cast to
determine whether that suspicion is
enough for that kind of ban or if
there's evidence to determine if the
evidence is enough wasn't this what
was being decided in this room against
apologize for being too legalistic but
this is exactly the notion of
comfortable satisfaction which is the
criteria to establish whether there is
enough evidence or not enough evidence
comfortable satisfaction means that you
can have a certain number of evidence
which may be sufficient or not
sufficient if the panel deems convinced
that it has sufficient evidence to
establish the guilt of someone then it
is it but if it's not sufficient it may
be that there are suspicions which are
not confirmed by sufficient evidence I
don't know if I'm clear because it's a
little bit complicated but if you have a
scale you can have some elements which
show some suspicious actions by the
athletes but they may not be sufficient
to convince the panel that for sure this
athlete is guilty of an anti-doping
relation but it doesn't mean that the
athlete did nothing at all there may be
some some strange actions which could
lead to some suspicion and this is why
maybe there is a difference between the
IOC decision and the Cass decision
because for the IOC these elements were
sufficient to establish the guilt of
these athletes but forecast they may not
have been sufficient so Cass has been
shown something right the people here
but this is something that nobody's
gonna disclose ever did do the athletes
know about it I know that Nikitina was
here at least I know the demchenko was
here I was talking about the Sochi case
the Soros trial in Geneva where you had
a lot of experts witnesses present in
the presence of the athletes and the
presence of the lawyers of the athletes
of course they could ask questions to
for example dr. Rocha Anka
professor McLaren and it was for the
first time possible that all parties
could ask questions to these people
really so they were there not here in
Geneva Engineers yes was there some kind
of video conference with mr. McLaren and
mr. Rocha exactly yes you don't have the
right to disclose any of these knows no
and I was even myself not present
throughout the hearing in the in the
room but in the case of the
Pyeongchang trial did it come to the
point when the IOC had to provide
something to the court not the Geneva
case but here for this second case here
in Pyeongchang the panel only reviewed
the question of the application of the
law of the rules of the IOC it reviewed
only the process whether it was fair but
it was non-discriminatory discriminatory
it found that it was not critical
there was no the the rules were not
unfair and they have complied with by
the IOC so it was only a legalistic
approach again there was no review of
every for the entire case of the Sochi
case was not discussed here the mclaren
report was not discussed here it's only
the review of the IOC process which was
discussed here I just wanted to ask you
about the mechanics of the arbitration
who comes in first who delivers the
messages first who is represented and is
the decision unanimous does it have to
be unanimous what happened in this room
in this room exactly so technically we
have an application from the 15 Russian
athletes who were challenging the IOC
decision not to invite them in the games
so we have a first round very short
round of submission because the IOC
could file an answer in writing but
within a few hours and we already be
present sorry the IOC was present yes we
called everybody because the procedure
is very quick we call everybody to a
hearing which is here where the parties
are represented so the IOC was present
the athletes were presented by lawyers
coming from Switzerland by the way and
two athletes were participating in the
second hearing because we had a first
hearing for the case number number one
if you like and a second case was filed
on the day of the first hearing and
therefore we organized the second
hearing the day after and at least I
think like a Nikitina and another one
were present at the second hearing to
testify
these procedures are very quick because
the time is short and we need to know
the answer quickly but I can tell you
that on both sides of the room you have
each party represented and at the back
of the room you have the panel of
arbitrators three arbitrators who have
been appointed by the president of the
ad hoc division of caste so does it have
to be a unanimous decision no in this in
that case in that two cases there were a
unanimous decision that's right there
was you know there was it doesn't have
to be it could be two against one or
each arbitrator could have a different
opinion and the president decides but
here I can tell you that in these cases
there were unanimous decision
what exactly will these reasoning
documents for each specific case include
I don't know I cannot invent the content
of these judgments because we will have
to wait well there must be some segments
that are usual for these kind of things
the segments will be questions about
jurisdiction of castes the legal
arguments presented by the parties and
then the analysis of the law and of the
regulations so I can expect some 40 or
50 page decision for each athlete
because there are a lot of evidence a
lot of documents was a long trial I mean
long hearing 60 hours in total so this
is why we could not be able to deliver
reasoned decisions just the day after we
announce the outcome its scientific work
you know it's really something you have
to quote the proper reference in the in
the file we have maybe to do some legal
research it's not something which comes
like this I'm almost 100% sure that
you're now gonna answer this question
but maybe can you at least give a hint
what is the kind of suspicion what is
the kind of evidence that the IOC
lawyers brought with them to this room
I'm sorry I cannot answer that question
not that I don't want but I don't have
the information to to give you but I
would tell you perhaps to wait for these
39 judgments decisions and then we can
meet again if you like and
we can have a discussion about it can
you at least confirm that there was some
evidence presented not only suspicions
there were element of evidence presented
yes but to what extent and the gravity
of each element I cannot state
after the verdict on the Sachi case as
you're calling it we all remember that
the IOC called for a reform of the caste
did anyone return to this idea after
this latest decision we heard the
question of the reforms which was
mentioned by the IOC president I think
the IOC reacted first after the outcome
of the of the first case expressed its
disappointment the caste president mr.
Coates responded at the IOC Session and
expressed also the fact that reforms are
always possible but that also we should
wait for some more elements because for
the moment we still don't have these
famous 39 decisions we only have the
outcome but we don't have the reasons so
reforms we always always do reforms when
necessary when we think that the
procedure is maybe not fast enough or
maybe not
simple enough it's not a problem for us
but we are not acting under pressure so
it was not a pressure for us because we
have different panel of arbitrators they
work independently and they are not
really they are not employees of caste
they are independent people so they
would work in a free manner without any
interference for anyone so nobody came
back to this idea at all after this this
was the only time when they talked about
reforms after the first case yes it was
the only time so if you're insisting it
wasn't pressure how would you define all
these statements that were made by very
high profile officials of the IOC I
think it's a reaction after the the
student you never happy when you lose a
case I can understand frustration of the
IOC because they thought that we could
validate the decisions rendered by the
IOC the Supreme Commission it's not the
first time that the IC loses the case
that casts
I remember many examples even at the
Olympic Games
we should not change the entire system
for that reason but again we can review
the process we can review whether
scientifically speaking there was an
issue with our panel which did the first
case in Geneva but again it doesn't
prevent us to continue to do our job as
usual as a result of the scandal some
very nasty things have been said about
the IOC and casts what would you say to
the people that have said that Cass has
marred itself in a very dirty political
game this is not true because we are
never involved in any political
discussions or debates we are lawyers we
are a tribunal we render decisions
sometimes there are people find them
good sometimes they don't find them good
like in every tribunal sometimes also we
lose cases at the Swiss Federal tribunal
because our decisions are annulled
it's not a reason for us to call for any
change in the system we feel that it's a
normal way of doing there are different
powers you have a parliament like the
IOC Session you have a government like
the Executive Board of the IOC and you
have a judicial power I think to avoid
that kind of political discussion it's
better to trust these institutions and
to have confidence in the work of that
at least we are providing and we are
doing can you confirm that all the
members of Kass and the IOC were
successful in staying away from politics
when it comes to the Team Russia case
yes you can confirm that yes some of the
Russians have already said that they're
going to go to other civil courts and
seek to claim moral and financial
damages so what happens if it's
determined that your ruling was unlawful
we know that some original eats have
gone before
civil courts in Luzerne I think these
cases have been either dropped or
dismissed I don't think there is any
more pending case in CERN so all these
civil actions have stopped
I don't know what consequences could
occur after this episode I think our
decisions may be challenged before any
court of law
probably the Swiss fellow tribunal in in
the situation if our wards are attacked
the IOC said that it would possibly
challenge our decisions before the Swiss
fellow tribunal but I mean it's it's
normal according to the two Swiss law
it's a normal process so we are not
afraid or not worried about it but I'll
assume that when the Russian athletes
see the reasoning they will want to take
this case further so we should wait
because for the moment I cannot answer
that question which is more a prediction
mr. Riebe I want to bring up one
specific case how does the cast decision
2018 in Pyeongchang
compared to the cast ruling 2016 I'm
talking about the one for Yulia Efimova
despite the red light by the IOC she was
still allowed to compete even though she
had a doping history Yulia Efimova was
not allowed to compete in Rio by the IOC
because she already had served a
suspension for doping that was the only
reason the IOC if I remember correctly a
few days before the real games issued
some specific guidelines for the
selection of Russian athletes there were
four and now there are 17 but four in
the case of mrs. the famosa the main
criteria for the refusal of her
admission at the games was the fact that
she was already suspended for doping and
cast said that it's not a proper
argument a proper criterion because we
already ruled in the past that if an
athlete has already served a suspension
for the open you should not be
sanctioned a second time for the same
office so we released her and I think a
few other athletes for for that reason
well this is interesting because right
now you're saying the IOC criteria back
then was flawed but now there's seven
ting and they're much more complicated
and vague and now you're saying that
it's fair not saying that's like this
Kass is saying that according to the
ruling
so it's the question of the previous
sanctioned for doping was not an
isolated criteria or the second time
here in Pyeongchang there were other
criteria so you have the decision which
has been published the decision rendered
here and I think you can find the
elements in this decision if the
International Olympic Committee
continues to keep certain Russian
athletes away from competitions can they
still count on the Court of Arbitration
for sport
will you accept more similar lawsuits we
accept lawsuits from any athlete from
any country and athletes from all over
the world should keep confidence in our
institution we are not bound to anyone
and we are an independent court I can
stress that strongly I think confidence
should be preserved on Monday we heard
French superstar by athlete Martin for
COD say a few things about the case of
Anton Schiphol in the bottom line was
that there must be an official
explanation provided I just want to ask
you a question as a human as someone who
obviously cares about Olympic sport can
you tell me do Olympic champions like
Anton Chaplin or Martin for COD deserve
an explanation here and also the rest of
those who are concerned about all this
yes I think so we try to be in touch
with the athletes through the athletes
commissions of some federations and also
of the IOC we think that it's one body
which could represent the the opinion of
the athletes I'm happy I mean on behalf
of casts also to meet with athletes and
to see and to hear their voice and to
know what they want and what they
request for from us there is nothing to
hide we are transparent even propose
that the Geneva hearing be open to the
public
how did you propose that - sorry to the
parties - to both IOC and the athletes
it's a suggestion it's a suggestion
because in our rules
normally hearings are not open to the
public unless the parties agree so
this is a question I could ask to see
whether or not they would agree to the
public hearing it would have been
interesting because it was a very
important and unusual case but for more
for logistical reasons I think they
prefer to keep it behind both sides both
sides yeah behind closed doors so my
opinion is that we can do perhaps more
for the information and for the
education also of the of the athletes
because they know about sport of course
but sometimes legal issues may not
really interest them unless there is a
case like this which suddenly creates
some would say worries so to answer your
question I would say yes we can do more
certainly but we are happy to do more so
you are saying there can be more
transparency it's possible it's possible
yes many thanks mr. Riebe thank you
