north Korea has renewed its threats
against the United States in response to
a new nuclear policy that Washington
unveiled earlier this month Pyongyang
says it increases the risk of a nuclear
war adding that those fond of fire will
perish in flames
which might be a reference to Donald
Trump's threat made back in August they
will be met with fire and fury like the
world has never seen Donald Trump's
Nuclear Posture review which is the
first rethink of its US policy in seven
years includes an option to unleash
nuclear weapons in response to a
non-nuclear attack it also calls for the
development of less powerful weapons
which critics say might trigger a new
arms race
however Pentagon officials are trying to
show that the United States is actually
lagging behind its perceived adversaries
here's the chart included in the review
it makes it look like the u.s. rivals
have moved far ahead with the
development of new systems but it
doesn't show some of the missiles that
Washington has in the making or upgrades
to its existing stockpile it also puts
countries on the same scale despite key
differences in the weapons they hold
making North Korea look mightier than
China even though it's estimated to have
some 20 times less warheads the head of
the nuclear monitoring organization at
Los Alamos study group says there's a
powerful lobby in the US government
pushing for more weapons they want to
shake money loose for new weapons
systems and they want to break the taboo
against new weapon systems that has
gradually built up to do that they have
to paint it essentially false and
alarming picture above us capabilities
with respect to other countries it was
an embarrassment but it happened the
actual military is not for the most part
that interested in nuclear weapons but
there is a faction which is at the
moment very powerful that you thinks
nuclear weapons are an important
symbolic tool for increasing pressure
visa vie Russia and China
