a Russian former ISIL fighter who fled
the terror group in Syria says he was
misguided in his beliefs and pressure to
become a suicide bomber he surrendered
himself to Russian security services on
his return from the conflict zone uribl
Ashkan was raised an Orthodox Christian
but converted to Islam and in 2014 went
to Egypt to study the religion it was
there that he was recruited by ISIL to
fight in Syria and has been explaining
to us what he was forced to endure I got
interested and started reading forums
and watching video online I was given a
phone number of a person who could help
me get to Syria and he assured me that
those who came could leave at any time
and no one would be kept there but they
immediately took away our documents and
telephones it was a shock for me I felt
helpless everything was different from
what they told me in Syria he lost a leg
in an airstrike before finally deciding
to flee he returned to Russia and
surrendered himself to the security
services however he avoided the
punishment over his own decision to
leave the terrorists URI was one of the
thousands of Russians who went to Syria
and Iraq to join ISIL after an explosion
I lost my sight and felt a sudden pain I
realized my leg had been torn off I had
surgery and went through rehabilitation
at the same time they were making a
prosthetic leg for me while I was lying
in the hospital people came up to me and
tried to convince me to become a suicide
bomber they said that I anyway had no
leg what else could I do I couldn't
refuse directly it could have caused
suspicion I was first overcome with joy
while on a bus in Turkey and only once I
was in Russia did I realize I had
managed to escape in Saratov I went to
the FSB department and wrote a
confession I decided that it would be
better I was interrogated a lot and I
told them the whole story
now I have a new family I married a
Russian Muslim girl I work at a
construction company and still stick to
Islam but I don't want to go to mosques
anymore
I want to avoid questions
