members of the US intelligence committee
usually do not need a reason to disagree
however we see total consensus in the
room when the conversation turns to
Russia
have you seen Russian activity in the
lead-up to the 2018 election cycle yes
we have seen Russian activity and
intentions to have an impact on the next
election cycle here yes we have anyone
else Admiral Rogers yes joining me live
to discuss the latest committee hearing
is Brian Crabtree publisher of talk for
t.com and political talk show host and
Brian a little bit apology to you and
the viewers that we had a little bit of
a mix-up earlier in the hour but we have
that fixed and we now have you talking
to us about this so now as we just heard
the officials giving testimony they all
agree that Russia would meddle in
upcoming US midterm elections
why would Russia need to do that well I
think every country medals and election
so I think that's the first elephant in
the room so to speak is we have to admit
that we all metal all these the largest
countries tend to metal try to influence
for the best of their people I think
that the the at least the position here
in America is that if Russian is trying
to meddle then we should try to either
metal back or at least try to stop it I
think the American people are kind of
sick of this argument though I think
that's the real takeaway of today this
is not the number one story in the
country it may be around the world and
it certainly may be here but it's you
know I think Americans are more worried
about themselves personally being hacked
just like people around the world are
worried about that so I I think every
country wants to influence what happens
in the elections of other powerful
countries and it's I guess whoever wins
that that battle prevails in that moment
so in the past week given this we've
seen Facebook Twitter and Google put in
the crosshairs over supposedly failing
to stop Russian propaganda on their
platforms are we likely to see more
pressure put on social media in the near
future
I think it should be listen without
identifying who and what is actually
using social media for evil purposes we
ought to hold these companies more
accountable I say they've got a few
months left to try to police their own
networks and then we've got to do
something I'm not big in trying to you
squash free speech or change what
happens but I'm a believer that Facebook
and Twitter have become what what I
would refer to as a Wild West and that
to some extent if they can't police
their networks and make it credible that
perhaps in at least in terms of American
viewership that we ought to use the
Federal Communications Commission to do
so some people would think that's a
violation of free speech I'm not talking
about editing what people get to say I'm
talking about holding some sense of
credibility and accountability to these
networks so that we don't have
misrepresented facts data what-have-you
which is fake news on those networks and
and the in the crass nature of
communication that's happening there is
I think in some way chilling and
breaking apart the fabric of our society
so no proof or at least no public proof
has been provided to back up previous
accusations and yet we see fresh ones
stated as fact from the intelligence
community what do you think that they're
trying to achieve here well III there
isn't public proof other than taking the
word of an embattled intelligence
community in the FBI what I do think in
theory as I've studied this I buy into
the equation that there may be people in
Russia just like there people around the
world that may be close to the
government maybe have worked in the
government maybe they're in the
government I don't know but maybe
they're not directed by the government I
I think there's a possibility that the
vastness of this is a bunch of bad
actors at various points around the
world in America outside of America
maybe in Russia in Africa that are just
doing some things online to try to play
with these networks I definitely think
that there's some interaction by the
governments around the world again to
try to influence elections because it's
meaningful to their purpose and cause as
a government and for their people
but I think when we say it's Russia I
I it but I don't buy it that it's
necessarily directed by the Kremlin
every single time and I think that's
what the American people are kind of
scratching their heads saying you know
what is it really and I think that's the
debt when you see Trump being the
backlash against Trump I think Trump is
privy to that and he also knows that
it's not maybe appropriate to reveal
that intelligence data and the sources
and collection methods as to exactly who
is is is hacking and using social media
I think it's happening but by whom I
don't know that we'll ever know for sure
all right Brian Crabtree very
interesting to hear your thoughts
publisher of talk 40 comm and also a
political talk show host thanks for
being with us
