Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu could be facing several
efficient charges over his alleged
involvement in corruption cases Israeli
police say they have enough evidence to
open a case against them well now joined
live on the program by our correspondent
anya / ample Anya hello there the police
appear confident that an indictment
could be brought about what do we know
about this probe yes well this
announcement comes as no surprise
considering it was reported just several
days ago in Israeli media such a
recommendation would come down this week
from the Israeli police for over a year
now tens of thousands of Israelis have
been rallying across the country on a
weekly basis demanding the man who's now
been dubbed their crime Minister faced
some sort of accountability after
details of these corruption cases began
trickling out in the media and we
learned tonight Israeli police as you
say believe they have enough evidence to
open an official in a case against
Netanyahu for two cases the first one
known as case 1000 alleges B Netanyahu
accepted lavish gifts such as champagne
cigars jewelry and clothing for his wife
Sarah in exchange for political favors
this includes apparently gifts from
Israeli American movie producer Arnone
mil Shan and in this specific incident
in Netanyahu supported the path the
passing of a tax break even named in
Milan's name which basically grants tax
breaks to Israelis who spend time
overseas and then return to the country
the second case case 2000 accuses
Netanyahu of making a deal with one of
the main Israeli newspapers that's yet
you know our own otha and it suggests
Netanyahu essentially spoke with the
owner of that paper and agreed he would
repress circulation of a competing paper
in return for favorable
Bridge now Netanyahu's already addressed
this recommendation to the Israeli
public speaking tonight saying he's
always served the country as in
responsibly and faithfully and
dismissing this case against him as
baseless he also said it's part of a
wider campaign against him now people
also mention ah since the moment I was
chosen to leave the government not a
days gone by but as London false
accusations it is now in the hands of
Israel's Attorney General Vic I Mendel
bleep to make a final decision on
indictment however many Israelis I spoke
to including the man who began this
protest against the Prime Minister his
former caretaker many enough Tolley have
questioned the independence of the
Attorney General considering he is part
of Netanyahu's inner inner circle and
we're learning from these cases just how
corrupt that inner circle may be live
from Gaza this hour RT America
correspondent onion pill thank you
