Germany's Social Democratic Party leader
Martin Schulz has announced his
resignation with immediate effect his
decision comes after he lost out in the
German election to Chancellor Angela
Merkel and then faced criticism over
agreeing to form the grand coalition to
form a majority government for a second
time he has said his decision will allow
the party to refresh itself and come
back stronger the SPD needs a complete
renewal of its organization including
its personnel and this is the urgent
wish of the party members with my
resignation and also the relinquishment
of my federal government membership I
want to help bring an end to this debate
and allowed members to really focus on
coalition agreement party Charlotte
Dubinski joins us live now to bring us
up to speed on the decision hi there
Charlotte and how much of a surprise was
this because last week I was talking
about him possibly becoming foreign
minister of the country what's behind
this resignation well we know that
resignations are something that Martin
Schultz has done well in the past he
actually resigned as his job as the
president of the European Parliament
last year because he said he wanted to
fight the German elections and to become
the Chancellor of Germany as we know in
those elections in September he failed
to do that in fact his party did so
badly in those elections that they lost
40 seats now following that defeat in
the elections he turned round and said I
will never be a minister in a Merkel led
coalition and that led to Angela Merkel
and her CDU having to seek out potential
the partners of for forming a German
government that fell by the wayside and
then of course Martin Schulz said he
would talk to Angela Merkel about
forming another so-called grand
coalition this was between his party the
Social Democrats and the CDU to rule
Germany now in that he said that he
wanted to be foreign minister and he
accepted that that would be his position
if that grand coalition goes ahead but
he gave up on that too just in the last
few days saying that he wouldn't be the
foreign minister in that government if
that government takes place
now the current German Foreign Minister
had something to say about that or at
least his young daughter did she was
widely quoted in the media and they had
a hoot about this as apparently turning
round to her father and saying you know
daddy don't worry you'll have more time
to spend with us talking about the fact
that he could be losing his post and
then turned round and said well that's
better than spending time with a man
with the hairy beard of course referring
to shorts and his famous whiskers were
back now to his resignation and Martin
Schulz has said quite clearly that he
hopes by resigning a leader of the
Social Democrats he will be able to help
heal the internal divisions within his
party his party members have to go to a
ballot on March the 4th in which they
are due to vote on whether or not they
want that grand coalition to go ahead
and there is a lot of division and chaos
in the party the youth wing of the party
are currently traversing around Germany
urging people to vote no to that
coalition and if it is a no vote then we
could see Germans head back to the polls
very soon will Martin Schultz his
departure aid those internal divisions
or will it deepen the chaos and the
division we have yet to find out charlie
thanks very much RT Charlotte Dubinsky
live this hour on indeed Charlotte's
first question there let's put it two
geopolitical analyst and consulted
Reiner ruthless who joins us live on the
program very short notice as well Reiner
thanks so much one impact yeah will
Schulz's resignation is it going to have
for German politics particularly for the
grand coalition agreement as such I
would suggest is a key time
I hope that the resignation of Martin
Schultz will mean for the SPD a little
more stability now in the future because
in the past months we have seen so many
u-turns in all the announcements of
Martin Schultz that he has become rather
unpopular in the German population and I
think the SPD can now have a new start
and have a reorientation because this is
really necessary
it has plummeted to 17% the party
compared to the 20% they had in the
elections in September 2017 this is
really a traumatic loss and the election
results in 2017 were the worst since the
fifties of the Social Democrats so there
needed to be a change yeah indeed just
on that one of the reasons given for his
resignation he said himself it was time
for the Social Democrats to have a
renewal unruhe vamp the party do you
think that is the main reason here or I
don't mean to be cruel or was that he
was simply seen as a serial loser by his
party members I think that the
specialists the advisors of the SPD have
just understood that it is really
important to have a party leader who is
popular in the population a sympathetic
person warm hearted that people like to
see on TV and then they would also like
to vote for such a personality so I
think it's not mainly a matter of
competence it's a matter of popularity
and I guess that Martin Scholes will
have back to the EU he will try to get
the post in the Commission in the coming
years and this is better of course for a
personality who is not so close to
people because commissioners are not
voted for and therefore it is a better
career option for Martin Schulz Reiner
Rothfuss geopolitical analyst
consultant putting some meat on the
bones of our breaking news this our
Reiner always a pleasure to have you on
the program thank you thank you so much
