let's go back to our breaking news
stories but a bad afternoon for the
wikileaks co founder julian assange a
british courts have held the arrest
warrant for him let's discuss this now
with Patrick Henningsen
executive editor of 21st century
wired.com gosh I haven't seen that
background for a while my home city
Plymouth I believe that's where you are
today but the looks of it I think hi to
everyone there we're not here to talk
about that though we had to talk about
Julian Assange and a bad afternoon for
him but it was expected wasn't it yes it
was a at no point did the the UK
judiciary make any signals that they
were I think going to drop the arrest
warrant so I think from this proceedings
today it's become clear now the sort of
the games up with FOIA release of the
emails from the Crown Prosecution
services showing that there was
collusion between the CPS and the
Swedish judiciary to sort of keep his
case on the rocks even though Sweden
could have dropped the case of four or
five years ago so that is now out in the
open so clearly what we have here this
is not anything to do with legality this
is completely political just remind me
as you say it's been such a long
complicated case for our views taken and
for me as well
Sweden of course suspended its
investigation last year because there
was a worry that he'd be extradited or
got a suite and then on to America if
they wanted him or not but they were not
actually physically said they wouldn't
especially know Trump so that WikiLeaks
is a good thing heaven knows what would
happen but you think Britain had some
sort of tie in here ya know it's it's
it's proven that they did so Sweden was
ready to drop the case many years ago
and the cps intervened probably on
behalf of the Foreign and Commonwealth
Office no doubt who is acting on behalf
of the United States government so join
Assange is being held on a flimsy charge
of having skipped bail but the
provenance of the arrest warrant in the
UK has now disappeared because there
isn't there is no
sweet as you pointed out hasn't been for
two years so what's the motivation for
the UK to do this I I personally think
we're looking at a situation here where
the UK is effectively a sock puppet with
Washington is the hand inside it there
can be no other explanation they said
that this is in the public interest and
so forth at the the hearing today I
can't see how they can prove that it's
in the public interest having spent four
million pounds on security around the
Ecuadorian embassy to make sure though
that Julian Assange doesn't make a run
for yeah and and even knows this is
dragged on so long it's gone from the
Obama administration into the Trump
administration and Trump at one stage
anyway has been almost supportive of
WikiLeaks and again the US has not
actually physically gone on record to
say it wants to extradite him is it so
the time has just moved on as far as
everyone's concerned should Britain be
taking that into account
maybe if what you say is true well the
UK in foreign Foreign and Commonwealth
Office said they can neither confirm nor
deny that the United States has put in
an extradition request for Julian
Assange which means that they have
whenever the statement is issued like
that it's it's it's soft confirmation
that there is an arrest warrant they say
they don't want to make it public
not to quote tip Julian Assange off
which is kind of ridiculous but so the
the UK is basically working with the
United States initially to keep him
under arbitrary detention in the
Ecuadorian embassy and now he's has no
choice but to stay put where he is they
have to respect his diplomatic asylum
there so really it's a waiting game
until this government or leadership in
this government can come clean and say
no this is unlawful this is a violation
of his human rights so this is this is
in violation of international norms if
you consider the UN working group has
already deemed this insert unlawful
arbitrary detention they're covering up
the crimes of the state actually we
believe it Thanks
in the UK much appreciated Patrick
Hennings executive editor 21st wire.com
