Museum of Egyptian artifacts in the
Italian city of children has stirred
controversy by offering discounts to
Arab visitors so much so that the
museum's chief was forced to address an
angry Klout crowd outside the woman we
saw there in the video is Georgia
Maloney she is the leader of the
anti-immigration party brothers of Italy
she accused let me say with
discriminating against Italians and
Christians museum's chief vote defended
the offer saying that they have various
promotions for other groups throughout
the year to Vidia the confrontation went
viral in Italy though and reached the
country's culture minister he defended
the discount and said the museum was
well-run if we spoke to in Shirin were
also behind the initiative I don't see
anything racist I consider it a
promotional initiative like many others
I believe that the work carried out by
the egyptian museum is extremely
important and avant-garde in the italian
context so this controversy is
absolutely instrumental and necessary
absolutely agree with the director of
the museum I think that Georgi Milani
did not understand that Arabic is a
language not a religion
big time it leads you to elect a new
parliament in less than a month well it
seems that any issue no matter how
remotely connected immigration rages
heated debate the latest polls suggest
the coalition of centre and far-right
parties is expected to gain most of the
vote there but not enough to have a
governing majority
