Britain's opposition Labour Party is
facing claims of discrimination after
it's sent out a very specific invitation
to an equality conference the invite
from young labor says that you have to
be under 27 and be from at least one of
these groups minority ethnic LGBT
disabled people or women we talked to a
director of a human rights group who's
supporting the event it's quite ironic
that a conference that's focusing on
discriminated groups has now the focus
has now become about people who are in
there who are in a dominant position
there's obviously a feeling amongst
those with the lived experience that
they need a space where they can discuss
things that pertain to them and their
demographic and then share with the
world about how to make the world a
better place the reason that
discriminated groups are recognized as
needing a space is because there is an
imbalance there's an imbalance in
politics if you look it's not
representative well there are already
calls from MPs in the ruling
Conservative Party to investigate the
event Edie Smith who's from activate
Britain which is a center-right youth
organisation thinks that an equality
conference should be open to all thing
is is that a lot of whiteheads your
males not only face situation themselves
you know why is it your males have got
the lowest also that the most
underperforming in compulsory education
under the least represented in higher
education but not only that it's more
that they need to either hear what these
people are facing and hear what the
solutions to the problems are going to
be so that they can helped contribute to
that themselves the representative for
your group should be voted for by the by
your group that made 100 sent sense
white males should not be included in
the in the babe representative voting
for example but it's about the
discussions and the other things are
going to go on around the conference I
think it's really important for
everybody to be included in and for
everybody to be able to talk about
