controversies over alleged Russian
meddling have reached the US media to
the Homeland Security Department is
accusing a major TV network of false
reporting over Moscow's perceived
hacking activities during the 2016
presidential election in Washington his
Samira Khan well the Department of
Homeland Security has discredited a NBC
News report claiming that russians
hacked into voter registration rolls a
prior to the election now in a statement
jeanette Manfred the department's chief
security officials said that quote
recent NBC reporting has misrepresented
facts and Confused the public with
regard to the Department of Homeland
Security's efforts to combat election
hacking but in the report NBC
interviewed manfro and all she said was
that 21 states were targeted but somehow
the articles headline was Russians
penetrated US voter systems which
according to mantris statements she
found incredibly misleading well the US
has been accusing the Kremlin of
influencing the election for over a year
and a half now but there have also been
rumors floating around that Russia
influenced the brexit vote now the
British government's been busy trying to
link Russia to the brexit vote but even
YouTube has gone on record saying that
there's been no proof of that sort and
across the pond the US has been
searching relentlessly for anything to
pin Hillary's loss on Russia so this is
just yet another Russian interference
myth successfully debunked but the US
establishment refuses to let go of this
idea that Russia supposedly hacked the
election so I have to ask how many more
times will this have to happen until
they finally admit that there was no you
know magical Russian meddling
