Facebook and Google are at risk of
losing one of the world's biggest
advertisers if they fail to improve news
transparency and tackle extremism on
their platforms consumer products giant
Unilever which makes some of the biggest
brands in food and cleaning products
made the threat at a tech conference on
Monday but the anglo-dutch firms being
caught out in the past itself with its
own misjudged marketing as Daniel
Hawkins now explains same news different
day Facebook is again in the firing line
having faced pressure from governments
and activists over failing to root out
hate speech racism fake news divisive
comments and whatnot
this time it's global giant Unilever
leading the charge even threatening to
reduce and withdraw advertising from the
social media platform if things don't
improve Unilever will not invest in
platforms or environments that do not
protect our children or which create
division in society consumers do care
about fraudulent practice fake news and
Russians influencing the u.s. election
they do care when they see their brands
being placed next to ads funding terror
or exploiting children now the message
is clear no more deception abuse and
controversy enter a new era of
positivity unity and inclusivity but a
closer look at Unilever's own PR record
reveals a contentious history from this
infamous Dove soap advert placed on
Facebook and triggering a storm of
accusations of racism to fair and lovely
skin lightening products marketed across
Asia spoiling allegations of
perpetuating racist colonial stereotypes
to controversies with misogyny and
sexism culminating in a damning report
on chauvinistic marketing
after apologizing Unilever has said it's
now changed its ways it's released new
adverts advocating inclusivity it wants
Facebook to follow suit or else let's
face it though
Unilever probably won't drop one of its
biggest advertising platforms money
talks the story probably has generated
some good PR though Unilever has any
company is primary responsibility is to
make money for its shareholders to turn
a profit and sometimes PR initiatives
like this are part of that they're just
an effort to elevate your brand I think
it would be difficult for them as a
company that makes consumer products to
avoid advertising on one of the most
prominent platforms today but what about
the center actor in the whole story
Facebook the platform has shown
commitment to the battle against fake
news and abuse but the floodgates have
now been truly opened it's under
pressure left right and center to
moderate to censor to sanitize and it
seems to have buckled under the squeeze
well it has made itself very vulnerable
because it has made these promises and
it's even done some things to try to
filter misinformation out of its social
network even though they have tried to
do things it doesn't appear to be
working we're going to see a lot of
pressure increasing pressure on Facebook
Unilever thinks it could fix it by
giving pudding marketplace pressure on
Facebook I'm a little bit skeptical that
that will actually work Facebook is
tackling an ever-growing list of calls
and ultimatums first from politicians
and security services now it seems
corporations are chipping in - and
Facebook spending - demands could well
backfire
