the United States and South Korea are
experiencing a growing disconnect in
their policies over approachment with
the North South Korea has announced its
plans to improve ties with North Korea
by reducing military tensions and by
arranging reunions for Korean families
who have been divided since the Korean
War
this announcement followed the visit of
a North Korean delegation including Kim
jong-un's sister to Pyongyang for the
opening of the Olympic Games this visit
also saw an invitation from Kim for the
South Korean president moon jae-in to
visit Pyongyang the US on the other hand
is still committed to a policy of
maximum pressure on North Korea discuss
this further we're now joined live by
with Erica Sorokin a human rights
attorney and co-founder of lawyers for
peace and demilitarization in Korea
thanks for being with us I hear on art
international Eric so it's you're
getting to look like the US and South
Korea's priorities are starting to
differ a bit South Korea seems to be
prioritizing
the peace process with the north but the
u.s. is still focused on the North's
nuclear program can Washington and Seoul
start to find common ground in this case
the pictures tell a thousand words
because look at that picture of vice
president pence stoic looking ahead not
wanting to acknowledge someone ten feet
away from him this has been reflective
of the policy that we've seen there for
so long now and think about how we have
gone beyond this to almost the theater
of the absurd in the end with the United
States intervene or say India and
Pakistan shouldn't engage in talks
because of issues on their border or
about their country or if it was a
dispute between Latvia and Lithuania
would we have some say don't talk to
them don't engage in dialogue don't
defuse conflict no it's only in Korea
that we see this happening China Vietnam
there are countries all over the world
that share borders but here we're seeing
that the United States is wanting to it
seems maintain this conflict and not
engage in talks and dialogue and one of
the most heartfelt moments is when the
president of South Korea took the hand
of people from North Korea and welcomed
them and set up to have the lunch with
them and move forward and talk and
dialogue and that's so essential for
moving this process forward so I really
hope that South Korea can maintain its
independence and its sovereignty on this
issue and then now really frankly with
the Olympics and the whole world
watching that the whole world can get on
board and say yes these two countries
should work out this dispute and help
bring together separated families help
bring peace to a region that's been so
filled with conflict
well the alliance between the United
States and South Korea is interesting
and incredibly complicated to say the
least but could there be a rift in that
alliance and will South Korea's
president moon take steps forward
towards reunification even if it means a
split with the u.s.
well the question always becomes why do
we have almost 30,000 troops and up to a
hundred bases in posts in a tiny country
the size of the state of Indiana for
example in the US this is a lot of
presence of the US there and with the
new bad attempt to deploy that missile
defense program there which is clearly
aimed more towards I know than it is
toward North Korea perhaps it seems to
me that we have to find common ground to
move forward and not be stuck in this
old cold war rhetoric will that cause a
problem between the u.s. and Seoul yes
potentially because the US has been
wanting to dictate the policy the u.s.
still since the Korean War ended in 1953
have wartime authority to declare a war
stop a war and negotiate that way over
the South Koreans and so it really
becomes a question of sovereignty peace
and who's going to suffer if war breaks
out on the peninsula and it's very clear
that the people who are going to suffer
most are going to be the people on both
sides of the border in Korea so they
have a serious need to step forward and
I think that we have the best
opportunity yet with this progressive
lawyer who's now the president of South
Korea stepping up and I think where we
as Americans we in the international
community have to step in and support
him so that the US doesn't use its
economic leverage for example to put a
squeeze on plans that could lead to
peace now Eric you mentioned Mike Pence
the vice president of the United States
and the picture is being worth a
thousand words but Mike Pence said that
the u.s. was willing to talk to North
Korea with maximum pressure and
engagement at the same time it seems
contradictory what does that mean
exactly do you think
yeah it we've been close to this point
before if people even remember that in
the Olympics in Beijing in 2000 the
Koreas marched under one flag and came
in and there was a lot of hope Marilyn
Madeleine Albright went to North Korea
as Secretary of State Bill Clinton was
set to follow and we had the disastrous
hanging Chad elections in Florida with
George Bush the uncertainty of that
election and he never got there so we've
gotten close before I am encouraged of
course
and the question is can we hold them to
those words and are they going to allow
the South and North to dictate most of
the dialogue most of the resolution
because how it impacts their families
their their terrain their environment
the most and so consequently what role
will the United States play and it
sounds like they don't want to be left
behind on the sidelines they want to be
involved and I think and I've been there
you saw Kim Jong Young who who's there
on behalf of North Korea I mean I've
shook his hand I've told him about
peaceful Americans who want a different
relation ship with his country he has
said that there would be a it would be
their greatest wish and I actually
believed that peace in Korea would be
the wish of both sides so vice-president
pence says we'll go ahead and we will
talk but sometimes something happens
that disrupts that a military exercise a
test of a weapon system something always
seems to shake it and it falls apart so
I would say if he's willing to speak
without preconditions sit down
acknowledge North Korea's right to exist
formalized relations and start engaging
on an ongoing level we can build trust
and clearly they want to have a peace
treaty with the US and a peace treaty
finally with South Korea
and maybe maybe sports and the Olympics
and the common humanity it represents
will finally finally give us a chance to
do that there is one hope Erica Suriname
having been there myself I can tell you
both most people in the north do view
Korea as one unified country already
Eric's erotica and human rights attorney
co-founder of lawyers for peace and
demilitarization in Korea certainly
interesting to hear your thoughts on
this
