Washington has admitted that some of the
Kurdish forces it trains in Syria are
shifting to fight against one of
America's own allies Turkey is currently
on the offensive in northern Syria
against groups it deems are terrorists
artis calleb Maupin has more on the
tensions currently playing out in Syria
US Secretary of Defense James Madison
firmed that u.s. armed Kurdish forces in
the SDF have been relocating to the
northern parts of Syria to protect
territory from Turkey the destruction of
what is going on
epinephrine right now which is drawing
off some of the Syrian democratic forces
the see their fellow Kurds nephron under
attack so dice cause and at least their
attention to shift up there now the
Kurds and Turkey are both key US allies
in the region however there's been
tension between all three of them in
recent months now we've heard of how the
USA has been arming the Kurdish forces
and providing them with weapons now
Ankara has been quite upset by this
action they consider this to be the
arming of terrorists now at this point
we do have a statement from James
Madison firming that he believes there
are legitimate security concerns on
Turkey's part about these Kurdish forces
that have been armed by the United
States we continue to work with Turkey
on areas of disagreements which is how
do we take down ISIL as rapidly as
possible they have legitimate security
concern and we do not dismiss one bit of
that now there has been escalating
tension between the United States and
Turkey especially in the aftermath of an
announcement from the United States that
it intended to create a 30,000 strong
border force to protect Syria's border
with Turkey now US leaders backtracked
from those comments but that hasn't
stopped turkey from being quite upset by
these remarks now we've recently seen
the beginning of Operation Olive Branch
and this is Turkish forces moving into
Syria to fight against the Kurds two
allies of the United States clashing
with each other in Syria as the tensions
escalate we're even hearing calls to
rename the street on which the US
embassy in turkey's capital is located
there are calls to rename the street
olive branch after operation olive
branch the turkish operation to go into
syria and fight against the Kurdish
forces armed by the United States there
seems to be quite a bit of contradiction
in the words and statements of US
leaders and there seems to be rising
tension between all three parties the
USA Turkey and the Kurdish forces okay
to get a little bit deeper into this I'm
happy to say that Ahmed Al pariah Middle
East expert joins us live on the program
Eichmann you're very welcome to the
program how do you see this now playing
out as our correspondent just described
the u.s. is stuck it seems between a
rock and a hard place but is it one of
their own making well the United States
and Turkey do have a very contradicting
relations across the past two terms of
the the presidents of the United States
starting with Barack Obama who used to
say that Turkey is their indispensable
ally in the Middle East but if you look
at the policies on the ground you would
understand that there is a kind of more
divergence of interest on the ground
especially when it comes to Syria and
the Middle East in general
so the non-interventionist policy of the
Barack Obama was a kind of a trap to
Turkey that it's going to be more
embroiled in the quagmire of Syria and
later on when Donald Trump came into
power and tried to mend this kind of
relations he just followed the footsteps
of his predecessor Donald Trump when it
comes to Turkey and he continued with
the support of the YPG now both
presidents they do claim that they're
supporting the Kurdish militias for the
pretext of fighting terrorism and - and
they are the only fire they only
fighting groups on the ground that is
able to fight - and according to them
they succeeded but for Turkey this is
annexed
potential threat that they cannot
abandon easily they do believe that the
YPG is is still an offshoot of the PKK
that is a terrorist organization that
will pose a major threat to their
national security with what you said
about Washington bearing that in mind
can America therefore really continue to
stay on the right side of both Turkey
and the Kurds I don't think so I think
this kind of a conflicting stand points
of Washington will lead eventually to a
complete departure of turkey from the
orbit of the NATO and the United States
and will lead more to a a closer
relationship with Iran from the one hand
from right with Russia from the other
hand from central 8 and 8a from the
other hand because what Washington is
doing is a complete disregarding of
turkeys national interest and
geopolitical interest in the region that
something Ankara cannot easily accept
okay
aisel as you know is no longer a
military force there but new conflicts
do seem to be emerging that the picture
is widening you've got Turkey the Kurds
Syria Israel all involved in one way or
another could this be the beginning of a
larger scale war in the Middle East or
at least a conflict not against the
terror group well you know the quagmire
of Syria it was started with the kind of
proxy war then it moved to more
involvement of these regional and
international powers now I think that
the standoff is going a difficult and
difficult build particularly between the
United States and Turkey basically when
it comes to the Kurds in membered
now the Afrin operation it seems that
with the green light of the Russians the
turkey has the power to go ahead with
the operation the ongoing though it's so
far it's difficult and it seems that the
Kurdish militias did have heavy weaponry
there the guerrilla fighters
the fight is not going so easy though
Ankara is still determined to go ahead
with this operation now the big elephant
in the room is members and that's where
the United States is still on the ground
they do have troops and in that case if
they do not withdraw their troops and
advisers from this region then Ankara
says and repeatedly the president here
threatens that he's going to go ahead
with this operation in members because
they don't want any YPG in the west of
the Euphrates River and in case this
happens I think there will be a kind of
military stand off and that could lead
to more tension if not a military
standoff between the United States and
Ankara that could lead to a major
escalation to more a Wars in on the
ground when Russia Iran are on the same
page with the Turks that will lead to a
more eliminating and isolating of the
United States yeah and big ramifications
from that as well
Ahmed Albury Middle East expert always
good to get your take we appreciate it
