relations company that backed the UK
remaining in the European Union has
released the report alleging that
Russian media influenced the outcome of
the brexit vote the PR firm claims over
4 million pounds was spent on
influencing the 2016 referendum alagar
arty and Russian media outlet Sputnik
had a wider reach than the biggest leave
campaigns combined on Twitter it also
alleges so-called Russian BOTS had
almost 1/3 of the reach as accounts
promoting breaks it on social media it's
not just Russian media that's coming
under scrutiny US billionaire George
Soros has been accused of meddling in
British politics too he's given his
barking to a campaign called the best
for Britain it's received around 400,000
pounds in the hope of drumming up
support for a second referendum on the
UK's status in the EU and Soros himself
has vowed to continue to fight against
Britain's divorce from the block proud
supporter of best for Britain a group
that wants Britain to remain a member of
the European Union
I consider brexit a tragic mistake ok
for more in the story we can bring in
ray Finch raised and MEP for the UK
Independence Party right welcome to the
program how do you see this is George
Soros essentially meddling in British
politics of course he is this is what
we've had all the way through all the
way through the referendum and through
the US through the u.s. election we've
had foreign forces interfering with the
democratic process what is mr. Soros if
not this why why is this man interfering
in my country and my democracy if he
wants to be a part of our democracy you
shall pay taxes in our country and stand
for election in our country none of
which is doing we are not a rich man's
plaything the British people made a
decision to leave the European Union and
the way it's bought out are not the
three words I'd used to him
there's a lot of figures being talked
about here put it in some context
translated first because the four
hundred thousand pounds what kind of an
impact could that have we know that the
leave campaigns budget I'm reading here
was an estimated 6.8 million another one
hundred thousand has been pledged by
Soros what does that mean well it's just
the start I was on the media last week
and someone asked me about the four
hundred and I said that is just the
start these people will do whatever it
takes to try and pervert our democracy
and we must not let them the fact is the
British media is overwhelmingly Pro
remain and they will give him hundreds
of thousands of pounds millions of
pounds worth of free publicity so this
money it's a lot to me in you but in the
grand scheme of things it's he's
actually just starting it and and
actually the publicity be stopped here
or could he just continue to put in
money into this campaign as much as he
wants to do well this is a very
interesting subject I would say not I
would say nothing he's not a British
national he doesn't pay any tax or
country in fact as far as I can tell he
pays very little tax anyway and yet he's
always saying we should pay more tax mr.
Soros is a dangerous man
who in Sofia is just because he can
because he's a very very rich man and he
thinks he knows better than the ordinary
person in the street in Liverpool or
Portsmouth or Newcastle he could should
go away how likely is another break that
referendum could it really happen if
movements like the one George Soros is
backing gain momentum with cash and
actually public sympathy well it's not
public sympathy it's sympathy for the
elite the elite who run our media they
can try it and most of the conservative
cabinets were actually remain as anyway
but I tell you what if there is another
referendum they will be beaten even more
severely than they we're last
because the British people won't stand
for it these people should go away we've
made our decision
Britain is leaving and they should shut
up and I'm being extraordinarily polite
about it there now we do appreciate that
you are a French MEP for the UK
Independence Party railways couldn't
have you in the program thank you
