welcome to Sofia Co I'm Sophia Burke not
said Donald Trump has locked horns with
his own intelligence and law enforcement
how damaging can the rift between the
White House and the American
intelligence get well I asked to decade
see a veteran gruff mowett Larson the
American spy agencies are mired in a
public scandalous political cycle with
the investigation of President Trump
putting them in an intense spotlight but
his national fame really what an
intelligence agency needs can the
professionals at the CIA and FBI escape
the polarization of politics that has
helped the American public and will
their findings radically change the
situation in the country Larson former
CIA veteran who served as Moscow section
chief among other positions welcome to
the show it's really great to have you
with us now well the American
intelligence community has been accused
of being politicized many times in a
bush years the politicians used it to
justify rock now the agencies are
regaining embroiled in a political
scandal like I know you pride yourself
on your colleagues for being patriotic
non-political but can you really be
about politics in this line of work I
mean that sounds kind of like fairy tale
almost I think it's a standard you have
to strive for I've been a lifelong
political independent for that reason
that you outlined that it's crucial for
intelligence officers to be independent
and objective and serve the country not
just the president and the government
but we are also all citizens know the
Intel bureaus are taxpayer-funded they
have no private sector competition
appointments there are made by
politicians how can all that not be
politicized
well actually the in the intelligence
profession all of our officers are
career professionals we spend our entire
career inside the agency in my case I
was undercover for my 23 years in CIA
living abroad for most of those years
and frankly I really felt it was not
that difficult to maintain my
impartiality and
and I think you have to do that whether
you're collecting information or
analyzing it or disseminating it which
is the essential mission of intelligence
you have to maintain an ability to tell
your policy makers the truth in other
words speak truth to power so is it
right for an intelligence professional
to be vying for a high political office
for instance the media in the US are
saying that director of the CIA Mike
Pompeo may be replacing Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson soon
is it steering too much into political
territory there's always a healthy
discussion about the idea of
particularly former intelligence
professionals getting involved in
politics
I personally don't agree with that as a
principal for the same reason for
military officers getting involved in
politics but Mike Pompeo was a
representative who and often our CIA
directors are they are political
appointment pointees and he's in a long
line of CIA directors who are political
appointees and that that is the way our
system operates just like many of our
ambassadors overseas are aligned
politically always with the president so
I don't find that worrisome or
disturbing I think it's much more
important that the the ranks of the
intelligence officers remain
professionalized how much freedom does
CIA have in its decisions I mean for
instance Bush administration ran torture
prisons and that Obama came in and
closed them does the agency has the
power to decide for itself whether it
needs things like that and whether it's
ethical to use them that's a great
question Sophie I feel the intelligence
community has a good set of guidelines
it starts with a given set of
authorities we have in other words we
can conduct certain activities are we
call our mission without special
Authority for example the mission of
espionage is a core intelligence mission
of all intelligence services we can do
that without seeking approval when we do
something like interrogation or enhanced
interrogation or have Prisons that
requires actually what we call a covert
action finding that requires a a finding
from our
of Justice that we can do that activity
as well as very strict legal guidelines
that are laid out in writing for the
agency to follow and at the times when
we we run afoul of that when we when we
are accused of crossing the line
we're held accountable by whatever
standard has been laid out by our
Department of Justice and our other
authorities that are above us know the
involvement of government agencies in
this presidential election so I'm
starting from the FBI role and a Clinton
emails now the Trump investigation
investigating both candidates and being
quite public about it it's unprecedented
unprecedented isn't it I mean why has
the intelligence community taken on this
visible and political role this time
around I agree with you actually I find
it very regrettable I'm very concerned
about the politicization of intelligence
I do agree it's happening to some extent
I think the FBI and the CIA are still
very reliable organizations that that
are following their their guidelines I
still have complete trust and confidence
in the organization's but you're right
there's the questions do arise and it's
because of the highly politicized nature
of our domestic politics right now
between the Republicans and the
Democrats and between those who support
the president and those who don't
support the president so I agree it's a
very concerning time and I think it's
going to be a time when we in a way
redefine our limits you know what is the
proper role of the CIA and the FBI in
the in our domestic affairs and we've
learned in our history from the past
that we should stay out of American
politics and the House Intelligence
Committee has released a Republican
newness report which contains
allegations that FBI misled the judge in
obtaining permission to spy on Trump's
presidential campaign this report has
already been branded inaccurate is it
part of the blame game or is there some
substance to this personally I think
it's the blame game that's my personal
view the núñez paper in my view is a
Republican version of cherry-picking the
facts as they choose to present them and
now I understand there's
and other versions circulating this the
Democratic version I frankly find that
whole process to be also not something
I'm proud of as an American I prefer to
see both parties sit down just and
discuss these things not in the public
eye without declassifying or releasing
classified information I think all of
that is not something as an American
citizen that I would endorse or say is a
good thing especially with Trump's
election things haven't been like they
used to be before like from what I
understand about the American system the
nation's foreign policy is largely
decided in the White House and the State
Department and then there's Congress in
the Senate and they're more preoccupied
with internal matters this time Congress
is so active in pushing its foreign
policy vision on the president why well
I think that's true generally Sophie and
of course we also have the National
Security Council and unlike Russia and
some other countries China and others
that have a more continuity and foreign
policy work and making we we don't do
largely to the political nature of our
system we run in four or eight year
cycles for a lot a large part of that
which is consumed with electioneering
and campaigning I think that's a
weakness of our system I still of course
believe in the representative government
idea that we that we sacrifice this
continuity and stability in our
policymaking but it is it is a
vulnerability or a weakness and you can
really see it right now because largely
because we are dealing with
unprecedented issues that we've never
had to consider we've never had such an
aggressive intelligence attack if you
will on the American democratic
institutions and are in our election
process that we just had in the previous
election that has caused a great deal of
this
I think soul-searching inside the US so
we've come now to the issue of the Trump
Russia story
you said yourself there's no hard
evidence yet yet of trumps straight on
collision with Russia so why does the
public believe it to be affect and the
media in America reports it does a
factual also I hope the American people
or the media don't
believe it is a fact Sophie III I see it
as the facts are clear that for whatever
reason and I questioned why the Russian
intelligence services attacked our
system so aggressively but I think that
is a fact I don't I don't think that's
deniable the question then is what did
that do and I had the what impact did
that have on the results of the election
and for what reason did Russian
intelligence conduct that activity I
don't have the answers to those
questions and I won't speculate because
I think that would be irresponsible I
think we have to determine what happened
and then decide what happened on the
basis of the evidence and I don't think
we're there yet he does too think I
don't know that anyone has presented the
evidence and then the facts have been
presented to the public by intelligence
agencies American public has been misled
intentionally or not by its intelligence
community many times like I'm thinking
WMDs in Iraq for instance since the
consequences of that are still felt 15
years old so why the whole heart faith
in what the intelligence is telling them
about Russia now especially what you're
saying it's a fact but every time Russia
asks to show them the facts they they
they are unable to provide them the
proof just like with Iraq I think that's
a legitimate I think that's a legitimate
accusation Sophie to the extent that it
puts pressure on the US intelligence
community to do something it's hard to
do which is to present the if you will
the secret facts or the story I don't
even know frankly the secret story
because I don't have a reason I need to
know that as a retired CIA officer
however if they do present the facts
there's a risk of of compromising what
we call sources and our methods which
would of course not not be good so the
question is how much evidence should be
provided to the American people I'm
personally and I stress this is my
personal view an advocate of
declassifying as much information as
possible and presenting it to the
American people
and to present it to the Russian
government I think we really need to to
initiate a process that we negotiate an
end to this kind of aggressive cyber
hacking and interference and our one
another's domestic affairs if President
Putin believes the u.s. is interfering
in Russian domestic affairs or internal
affairs it's not a good approach to
interfere in our affairs in order to get
us to stop doing it so I think it's in
the interest of both sides to sit down
and and and talk this over and try to
avoid a repetition of what happened in
2016 in the future okay let's take a
short break right now and when we're
back we'll continue talking to CIA
veteran Ralph
mowett Larson discovered a spy agency's
position omits today's world tension
stay tuned
and we're back with CIA veteran Ralph
mullet Larson former top CIA official
and a two decade veteran of the agency
talking about this spy bureaus role in
today's United States internal and
external policies so Ralph micropower
has just recently met heads of Russia's
intelligence bureaus to protect the
American people as he put it so hostile
rhetoric threat naming sanctions inside
Russia and the US are still promoting
enough to work together on some issues
right that's right Sofia it's really
important that professionals in the
intelligence business not cease
cooperation even at the hardest times we
have a long history between the US and
Russia that goes back in the Soviet days
of setting aside our most grievous
complaints against one another to
cooperate in areas like counterterrorism
and sometimes on counterintelligence and
other issues that impact on both on our
bilateral relations and I applaud the
recent meeting of the three Russian
intelligence visits Chiefs in Washington
with director Pompeo and others I think
it's a great move toward to reinforce
the idea that we must continue to
cooperate in areas of common interest of
both countries
now obviously Congress is up in arms
Russian American intelligence she's
meeting why would the lawmakers be
against this if it does bring tangible
results in the fight against terrorism
well I know some people in Congress and
I interact quite a bit it with Congress
to if you will inform and advise
specifically on the areas that we need
to talk with one another to continue
keeping our country safe both of our
countries that's in American interest to
not see any Russians died in Paris
attack as it is in Russian interest to
prevent any terrorist attacks in the
United States or elsewhere in the world
so I don't think there's any dispute on
that in Congress and I think maybe some
of the posturing is frankly political as
opposed to substantive I haven't heard
anyone say we shouldn't be talking to
one another on counterterrorism issues
Democrats
Chuck Schumer has demanded publicly
naming everyone who had contact with the
Russian intelligence delegation I mean
what that sort of all crossed the board
disclosure being damaging for the nation
yes I think it sends the wrong message
if if I were to talk to Senator Schumer
I would I would certainly urge him not
to politicize he talked about
politicizing intelligence earlier this
would be an example of it if we don't do
this cooperation but between one another
in areas such as exchanging information
and analysis on the terrorist groups and
their activity whether it's in Syria or
around the world and the Caucasus and
them in the US we should all be fired so
we have to have the courage to do that
it's in my experience of I was involved
in the earliest if you will lays on work
between the US and Russia at the time of
the breakup of the Soviet Union and I
don't recall a time when three
intelligence chiefs all came together to
Washington that such as just happen and
so I take it as a very positive signal
of a desire to do more and I hope both
sides can find the strength to do that
this is just a chance for politicians to
be loud and TV friendly blaming spies
right and left because on the other hand
surely they must care about the actual
issues of national security right yes I
I hope so and I have I have the deep
respect for Senator Schumer and I like
why I would question this based on what
I've seen in the media and I hope behind
it all it's it's not seriously
questioning why we would be doing this
at this time I would also add that again
this is a somewhat unorthodox view for
someone like me I'm not a believer in
applying sanctions to people that are
doing their jobs we have a long history
of trying to avoid that sort of
politicization of intelligence so I
think we try to have to try to find I'll
find a way to de-escalate the
politicization of intelligence activity
it would help again if both sides
particularly in this case I would have
to put more pressure on the Russian side
to stop interfering in US domestic
affairs with intelligence activity and
that would set a better environment to
de-escalate the rising tensions on a
political level does the fact that
intelligence committees on Capitol Hill
haven't been briefed about this mean
that the administration has no trust in
Congress I don't think I would go that
far Sophie I think it reflects the very
sharp political dividing lines right now
in our country and not just between the
democrats and republicans but between in
within the parties themselves i think
the democrats are struggling to
reestablish their identity to decide
what harder wing of the democratic party
will move forward into the next election
cycles and i think the republican
party's they're trying to decide how
much it supports the president some do
some don't as you know i'm not the true
betraying any secrets here so i think
there's there are there's conflict and
tensions and instabilities within both
parties I again having watched this for
much of my over 60 years I've seen other
times in our country when we've seen
just as confused and dazed and we
generally emerge out of it stronger than
we enter that so I'm overall confident
that we'll get out of this phase that
we're in stronger than we were before we
entered it so one terror attack has
already been prevented thanks to the CIA
sharing intelligence with Moscow and
Putin has personally thanked the
Americans for their help in that how
does it work with the intelligence
agencies I mean how do you cooperate on
some matters when there's you know
general mistrust and hostility I mean
how do you know you're not being kind I
think that's a great question and I love
the question yeah well I love the
question because it gets back to the
heart of what we are what I hope we are
and what we strive to be and even on our
on the days we don't we don't reach this
ethics I would call it of intelligence
our basic motto our basic if you will
standard is we have a duty to warn we
have a duty to warn anybody anywhere in
the world if they might their lives
might be threatened by terrorist
activity
of course in my time at CIA working in
counterterrorism
I personally instructed my officers to
analyze and then provide the Russian
government with information that I
believed prevented attacks on Russian
citizens during my time so I consider
that a hide in one of our best days
anytime we help one another prevent
attacks where people might you know be
killed obviously and so that's that's a
great story and we've done it before
this is just unfortunately on this
occasion that there's a little bit of
recognition that it happened and I think
that's a good thing so do you think the
recent pentagon military doctrine shift
from the war on terror to great power
rivalry with China and Russia given
higher priority now mean that the CIA's
anti-terror effort will falter I don't
think so Sophie because terrorism is not
going away we in fact I'm a little
worried right now because every time
there's been a relative lull in activity
such as we've seen since a little bit of
a reduction of conflict in Syria
recently there's been a rebound and then
the terrorists have emerged in a new
form so I'm not in any way believer in
the idea that we were past this threat
of terrorism I think at the same time
the great power rivalry doesn't
necessarily imply that were enemies
again or that we're back to a Cold War I
think in a way whether you're they don't
you apply this idea of rivalry to China
or Russia it's a recognition that both
countries should be taken seriously and
that their interests are sometimes a
threat to the United States but I would
describe it more as competition than
adversarial I heard former CIA officials
lament the fact that the agency has
fewer resources now than during the Cold
War but there's new technology like the
NSA surveillance mean that fewer people
are needed at the agency anyway I
generally am NOT a person that believes
that intelligence resources are
insufficient I think we have plenty of
resources and we have to be smarter and
how we go about things as you as you
indicated technology helps
leverage we can leverage technology to
as a four we call a force multiplier
that makes us stronger there are other
ways to do it - I don't think numbers is
is often the way to attack a problem I
think we need smart people we need
people who have the authorities they
need the resources they need to do their
jobs but I don't think the numbers
indicate whether we have enough coverage
in other words I believe are the US
intelligence community we have some we
have sixteen different intelligence
entities within the what we call our
intelligence community we have plenty of
capability I think where we need to make
more efforts is in in how we decide what
we do and then being more efficient in
going about our missions so will the
agency have less need now for gathering
old-fashioned Cold War style of human
intelligence like I don't know talking
to someone in a bar or infiltrating a
guerrilla camp controls like hacking
eavesdropping on phone conversations
intercepting emails spying with drones
replaced a human intelligence component
well you're talking to an old-school
person so I don't feel I need to reform
my thinking at this point in my life so
I'd have to answer you by saying there's
always room there's been room for
thousands of years for old spat
old-fashioned espionage spies go back to
biblical times and you know as long as
there are humans on the earth there's a
need to know what are our if you will
competitors and adversaries are thinking
and human spies will never be replaced
by cyber or hacking or any other kaor
drones or any other technology in fact
in the 1990s in my view the US
intelligence community became too
enamored with what I call national
technical means whether that was
satellites or other things to replace
human intelligence we thought the world
had changed after the collapse of the
Soviet Union and it hadn't we're still
living in the same world I was born in
in 1954 so I believed can answer your
question we're always going to need
understanding of adversaries and even
some of our friends plans and intentions
because by having that knowledge we'll
make better decisions and I also feel
like more technology progresses we're
typewriters and
old-fashioned letters are the safest
thing out there
still well anyways well thank you so
much exactly that's exactly right thank
you so much for this interview this
wonderful insight will wish you all the
best of luck we were talking to Ralph
Moe at Larson two decades CIA veteran
former Moscow station chief about the
CIA's relationship with a trump
administration and its role in today's
chaotic world that's it for this edition
of sofiane Co I'll see you next
