across the border in Iraq civilians
there are also struggling to rebuild
their homes with the country's
second-largest city almost completely
reduced to rubble Mosul was liberated by
the us-led coalition and Iraqi forces
back in July after months of fierce
fighting and air strikes some 40,000
homes need to be either rebuilt there or
repaired according to the UN the
government says it needs up to a hundred
billion dollars in reconstruction funds
for areas devastated by war some that it
aims to raise at an upcoming conference
in Kuwait however the u.s. which is
expected to attend that said it has no
plans to contribute any money the use
the u.s. government in making announcing
a contribution at this I'm not aware of
any announcements that we will be making
I can tell you overall over the past few
years we have spent the United States
government has 1.7 billion dollars in
humanitarian aid in Iraq alone so let's
expand on this now with Sri Ram Charlie
who's professor and Dean of the Jindal
School of International Affairs dr.
Charlie welcome back to RT International
thanks for coming on we mentioned the
figure they're a hundred billion dollars
how urgent is that money needed
according to the Iraqi government well
that goes to our long-term
reconstruction requires a significant
financial support from abroad for a
country that is just recovering from
what has been a horrific long series of
Wars starting with the u.s. invasion of
2003 so I think it smacks of historical
irresponsibility on the part of the
United States which began this slide
toward state collapse and state failure
by overthrowing Saddam Hussein in 2003
to now wash their hands of it and say
you know we're going to just leave it to
private sector and we'll ask our allies
like Saudi Arabia to come in and pitch
in the money I think the US needs to own
up for the some of the destruction that
it has done in the process of these
series of wars and secondly I showing a
lot of mean-spiritedness on the part of
Trump administration because this whole
tight-fisted attitude they have thinking
that other countries are exploiting them
taking
Wantage of them and that the us who
fleeced is complete wrong because that's
one where the United States maintains
influence around the world through
civilian aid but they have I think moved
away from the strategy they are now
focused purely on a militaristic
approach where they have cut it for
owner wah in Palestine now they're going
to say they won't give any money to Iraq
probably very less to Syria as well for
Reconstruction and strategy finance
militias they say we're going to have
thirty thousand Kurdish armed groups in
the north of Syria who they want to
maintain for so-called stability but
it's more like a military base and a
long-term presence strategy that they
have so I think it's wrong headed and
frankly if they leave it to the allies
like Saudi Arabia for reconstruction of
Iraq I think they are very sectarian and
it is going to actually increase the
pressure on Iran and it would excess of
it the sectarian rivalries in the region
so United States I think should be
rethinking the strategy and should be
looking at supporting a peaceful long
term peace which depends upon economic
reconstruction livelihood the building
certifications they are only looking at
it either as a business opportunities
for their companies or military strategy
where we will bomb the hell out of a
place and then not take a response to me
so I think it improves that they'll take
an unfortunate dr. Sharia I mean even if
the will was there a hundred billion
dollars is an astonishing amount of
money even for a wealthy country like
the United States I mean presumably
others do have to play their part in
trying to help rebuild Iraq of course
but you see the US has some convening
power and they have an ability to bring
together our donors and they should be
using all these leavers if at all they
are concerned but I think they have more
strategic goals which is simply to work
for Saudi Arabia and compare Iran in the
region so they are not thinking in a
very long-term vision for Iraq itself or
for Syria itself their cities as
battlefields
not as opportunities to rebuild you know
and that is the unfortunate
myopic view which is going to need to
long-term suffering because these towns
and cities have been so devastated that
they need all support including United
States hmm okay for now doctor Charlie
thanks very much for joining us on RTI
appreciate your time
