bitcoins rarely out of the news these
days given the rollercoaster ride that
it's giving investors but the crypto
currencies underlying technology is also
making waves
it's called blockchain and it's used to
help verify transactions and also
prevent them from being tampered with by
linking packets of digital data in the
process and for the companies behind
that it's proving to be a boon with one
recently raising a ten million dollar
investment in just a few seconds
Miguel Francis Santiago met its CEO at a
blockchain forum in Singapore the ICO
phenomena is breaking records and
funding we found three projects that
claim to want to make the world a better
place and are raising funds one of them
faced her on the last day of the
conference got ten million dollars in
twenty seconds
breaking all past records they simply
created a facial recognition
surveillance software with artificial
intelligence on the blockchain platform
creating something that is affordable
and easy to use for the masses people
can use this for just about anything our
proof of concept because we got a
working centralized solution right now
can do anything like for example in the
gambling institution we had the casinos
say listen here we've got people coming
in they want to ban themselves because
they love gambling issues and then they
come back and they gamble if we didn't
haven't recognized them then they claim
their money back it causes a big problem
so we did free from concept with them
and even in them in the low lighting
there we were hitting 98% and I've got
corporations around the world contacting
me every day saying how can we integrate
with you when you can have your free SDK
when you give your API so we can link
into services to open could that be why
you managed to raise ten million in 20
seconds or these guys from the world bit
apps saying they are looking to help
emerging economies to engage in commerce
through augmented reality allowing you
to interact with any product or service
created around you our bidder the world
is an augmented reality blockchain
application that we use in to really
help emerging economies what we want to
do is is we want to talk to the artisans
the moms and pops of the world that are
in these emerging economies that don't
get a fair shot at commerce and give
them a tool to actually go ahead and
reach consumers a farmer in the country
reaching a potential customer in the
city is now a reality then there are
crypto venture companies that are
literally looking for that special
project that will decentralize and make
the world's commerce more transparent
well create a venture is a company
dedicated to promote I coach that do
have us intention to change the life of
millions of people for the better we get
involved very important people within
the field technicians ex-presidents
politicians to really make them
understand what this is all about that
is here to stay
that is not gonna go anywhere but the
leading crypto market analyst has a
completely different view on AI cos I
try to convince people to be very
careful about investing in nei cos
because it's other people trying to
convince you to give them your
hard-earned money as an unqualified
investor for their idea now since I'm a
Bitcoin er I'm all about getting around
regulation but I'm about getting around
regulation in a decentralized way that
the government cannot stop I cos they're
not that they're centralized means to
get around regulation which is sooner or
later they're gonna get busted
