the tragedies the planes crashed was 65
passengers and six crew on board just
after it took off from Donna dumped out
of her airport one of the main airports
around Moscow these the first pictures
back from the site of the crash the
video was apparently shot by locals
there the village where the plane came
down is located about 60 kilometers
southeast of Moscow from where we're
talking to you now emergency services
really struggling this afternoon they
say to reach the area there because of
the exceptionally heavy snowfall that
the whole regions had to encounter over
the last week a bit more detail about
the plane as mentioned it's an Antonov 1
for 8 owned by the Saratov airline
company pretty new plane made its maiden
flight back in 2010 the specific model
of plane can reach speeds of around 800
20 kilometers an hour it's a regional
flier capable of carrying up to 80
passengers on board now down to say
you're much more fluent in Russian than
me you're across the wires there's been
so much speculation and information
coming in over the last 2 and 1/2 hours
since this has really happened and first
thing to say is thoughts of course so
strongly with the family the friends the
loved ones of all these poor people that
have perished today the the passengers
and the crew we're still really
harrowing shot earlier on the lot the
family members have been going to or
scare port that was the final
destination about two and a half hours
away from Moscow and they've also become
two dhama dead over airport as well we
saw one man literally howling he was he
was so terribly upset there's going to
be a lot more of that of course I
suppose these poor people having to come
to terms with what's happened this
afternoon initial information on the
ground when this plane went down about
it's just after 6:00 and evening here
now down that plane took off just after
2:30 in the afternoons initially people
on the scene there said they saw that
plane on fire so of course initial
speculation it could have been some kind
of engine failure because of course it
was in that initial climb wasn't it
wasn't that high six and a half thousand
feet or so it be going up to about
30,000 feet or more for this to our 11
minute average flight that it takes
what's being said that the early days we
know but what are the theories that are
coming to the fore at the moment about
what went wrong well there's been Theory
after Theory the initial one of course
being that
potential from midair collision with a
helicopter that has now been ruled out
at least by the Russian Postal Service
now that came in about two hours ago and
initially it's it seemed to be almost
key but then it was quickly dismissed
what came in on that day the witnesses
described seeing a large amount of mail
and post at the crash site scattered
over a wide area as well as debris from
some sort of other aircraft potentially
a helicopter leading to that speculation
and there could have been some sort of
interaction some sort of incident
involving a post of Russia held by a
mid-air collision potentially yeah
that's what what was being said now the
post of Russia have released the
statement saying in that region they
have no helicopters belonging to them at
all so that was called out and I suppose
a regional fly like this Russia is such
a huge country Russia post or just to
get post around any kind of mail depends
on planes depends on flying it around
doesn't it so I suppose this plane very
normally could have been carrying this
ordinary domestic post well the other
thing that the post of Russia confirmed
was that there was about 20 kilos of
poster board that plane and that
explains obviously that that post
scaffold over the debris area the latest
theory to come in this is over four
minutes four or five minutes ago was
that the pilot requested an emergency
landing at zhukovskiy Airport that's an
airport in the southeast of moscow where
it close to that crash site as well the
press service of zhukovskiy airport they
have now said the pilot did not make
contact with them or would dominate over
which was where the plane took off from
initially so that is hearing information
all the way up right now yeah early on
you're looking at flight track here hmm
so that plane got up to six thousand six
nine thousand feet whatever in the
initial climb engines on full thrust
what happened then
well there was a fall of about 300
meters or so very rapidly before the
plane again flew upwards to that height
of 1800 before dropping right down and
disappearing off radar so in the case of
control problems a bit major control
problems there indeed and that does fit
in with those reports coming in of an
exploding engine and with the eyewitness
accounts of the plane being on fire as
well as we said though a single engine
failure isn't usually considered a
catastrophic event if it's contained
that's the thing if well these fan blade
snaps off in that time where those
engines are given out full whack the
worry is although in theory it should be
very safe there
and there have been cases of this a few
cases in the past that it's
uncontained it goes through a fuel line
hence that might tie in with a fire that
we were hearing about or there's some
kind of explosion or it's it can also go
through one of those hydraulic lines as
well although of course they're old
backup systems something major
majorly obviously when it went wrong
here well now on the scene very early on
we dispatched our senior correspondent
where a gas Davies literally just got to
that site in the last half hour or so
Mourad yeah just get there to the last I
think about a kilometer away from where
this planes gone down you can't get any
further I can see the police behind you
and you literally had to walk those
three kilometers to get to where you are
we can see is heavy snow there the
rescue teams they're having a real
problem getting through to that place
that field without planes come down
tonight just like you
well this is this is the issue access to
the crash site the crash site itself is
about a kilometer or thereabouts behind
me but the plane crashed in a field in a
field full of snow very deep snow
obviously nobody was clearing that so
there the work that they're doing
rescuers now we know there are about a
hundred and fifty rescuers there twenty
odd vehicles it's difficult because
again of the snow it is still snowing as
well which might be worsening the
situation but as I say nobody gets
beyond this checkpoint there are
multiple police cordons that that are
keeping journalists even local villagers
as well as all civilians out of this
area in order to ease the work of
rescuers to give them access to the
crash site itself again a kilometer or
so behind me it's getting dark it's just
gotten dark but I'm sure you know
they'll have they'll have the lighting
and everything else basically no you
there work 65 passengers yeah there's
been no official statement yeah has
there from the emergency rescuers
they're obviously got their hands full
you told you told me earlier on there
are 150 rescuers on the scene there
about 20 engines or ambulances etc as
well and just to be clear here has it
been completely ruled out that there are
no survivors because that's the most
crucial thing at this time you know the
hope is maybe somebody is still alive
there'll be if you land in these
conditions and you're injured the hope
isn't good but is it officially ruled
out that everyone's perished on that
plane or not
Kevin I was just talking to a rescuer
that was passing passing bias
he said no survivors it's difficult to
imagine surviving a crash like this with
a jet you know flying at hundreds of
kilometres hundreds of kilometers are
now plummeting all but into the ground
you know the forces here the momentum
they all but preclude any survivors 65
passengers six crew members 71 and all
these rescuers their colleagues
psychologists working with with
relatives of the people that perished in
this tragedy in Moscow in the Orenburg
region of Moscow a of Orenburg region
which is where this this jet was flying
to the city of Orestes they're hard at
work but again no survivors it's the
only thing that's getting dark now it
says it's making the situation even
worse for the rescuers there to try and
track the wreckage is their only thought
about how big the debris site is because
the investigators are going to be as we
know looking at that very closely
depending on how the plane broke up if
it broke up in the air it's like it'll
be a big debris field might be several
kilometers or more if it impacted the
ground pretty much intact or something
like that it'll be a small debris field
that's probably really important in the
early stages of trying to work out what
went wrong what you know about the size
of the impact site behind you there
well details are still scant the
rescuers and
everyone else they aren't letting me
much out you know they're still this is
the early stages the early hours they're
trying to try to sift through the
wreckage trying to see what exactly
happened the size of the crash site that
I haven't been told I haven't heard
anything from official sources or
rescuers rescuers here but a number of
theories have been debunked such as that
there was a mid-air collision with a
helicopter the rescuers here as well
they've issued an official statement but
they've told us they found no evidence
no parts of debris from a helicopter so
that was so that was a mere rumor the
other thing of course you were
discussing earlier on us that there were
reports that the pilot issued the pilot
called in technical difficulties
immediately after takeoff the aircraft
was in the air for merely minutes but
there were a bit more info on technical
difficulties and requested apparently
not more I mean to our st. zhukovsky
Apple yeah a parent that's been denied
by Zhukovsky Airport they said that's
not far from the crash site they say the
reports that our pilot requested an
emergency landing at Tchaikovsky Airport
the official they say is not true so
again that's a bit of conflicting
information while you're there though so
it's quite hard for you to be on online
we're hearing the emergency ministry now
saying that one of those crucial black
boxes those flights data recorders that
may be the data recorder for the tech
side it could be the other box that the
voice data recorder that listens in
crucially to what those pilots are
saying it's important they find the two
but apparently the emergency ministry
has already said now that they have
found one of those blackbox sit boxes we
don't know which there's also a line
coming through as well now the emergency
ministry is saying that they are now
discovering pieces of wreckage they've
found at least two bodies in the parts
of the fuselage there but of course
there were many more on that doomed
flight 65 passengers and six crew on
that flight number six w70 three the
departed
mas Kodama dead over International
Airport's just about four hours ago just
a little bit less than four hours ago
didn't make it too far was only in the
air for about seven minutes or so Mourad
at the moment this investigation this
recovery I suppose it is now is going to
go on I suppose throughout the night so
what what's the thought on our more
people going to join there or what are
you hearing
well emergency vehicles and rescuers are
still arriving there are officials as
well
convoys have arrived as I gather
officials with sirens and convoys of
them in fact but as for the theories the
investigation itself the likely causes
well meteorologists the Moscow
meteorologists office have issued a
statement they've said that this this
isn't dramatic weather this is nothing
unusual and that aircraft operates in
this weather all the time they say that
weather as a factor here is highly
unlikely to have caused this crash the
murad the aircraft itself sir out of
Airlines yes but of course murad the
question is was this plane another thing
the investigators will be urgently
looking at was this plane sufficiently
di stat dama deliver Airport very
professional airport or fly there every
week myself now dan you've got a billion
news on that what have you heard but
again not confirmed you got a line in
yeah not confirm we didn't see photos
earlier of allegedly the plane being
diced covered in that antifreeze liquid
stand procedure probably four planes
flying in this condition we are hearing
now of the opposite information coming
in from source is unconfirmed and
verified as of yet that the pilot
actually refused for this a de-icing
procedure for this the icing liquid to
be put on the plane is very strange yet
very strange in these in these weather
conditions but again that is unconfirmed
presumably we'll find that out from the
investigation at the site once they look
more into this debris and at the
procedures that took place before
takeoff from the waited over a flow and
a few many times myself in the when it's
cold weather
I mean sometimes some of the planes have
a
because they'll need to be de-iced if
there's no moisture in the air and I
thinking they've been sitting around not
that long there isn't a need to do that
I'm no expert on it but I've often
questions massaged or should they have
the ice days so maybe it was normal
don't know you don't know how long that
if that's a regional plane maybe it's
something touching down for less than an
hour at a time before it goes back up
because of course they don't want these
planes on the ground they want them in
generating money up in the sky if your
turnaround times are off and then
minimal on these things aren't they so
rescue operations set to continue around
the clock at the site of the crash
here's what Russia's Ministry of
Emergency Situations have had to say
thus far fire fighter and rescue teams
as well as ambulances immediately headed
to the crash site over 150 people 20
pieces of technical equipment you're
taking part in recovering what they can
from the incident of course thoughts
were the relatives they've already been
gathering at or scare poor to try and
get a handle on what's happened here
where that plane was expected to learn
just a couple of hours after a left
Moscow that flight just about two hours
to two hours ten minutes or so in theory
many of the relatives have
understandably been grieving our heart
goes out to that guy they're literally
howling horrendous emergency services
and doctors have been deployed to the
airport they're going to help as best
they can provide psychological and
medical help to those coming to terms
with the tragedy again even at this
stage I suppose still hoping against all
hope that indeed there may have been
some survivors here it doesn't look good
though it has to be said flights have
been suspended meantime in the city of
Oscar we can tell you here we can see
passengers handing their tickets back in
a very somber mood they're obviously
right now medics are also present at the
airport that flight again to remind you
if you may have had someone that flight
or know of anyone friends family crew
was flight numbers threat of airlines
6w7
0-3 departing moscow earlier this
afternoon just round about four hours
ago still under four hours ago it's now
just quarter past 6:00 in the evening
Moscow time now shortly after this
happened but details have been changing
thick and fast since I spoke to aviation
expert Julianne Bray he explained the
planes technical capabilities here this
Antonov one for a combined Russian
crania develop played and the possible
reasons for the crash it's all pure
speculation at the moment I understand
there is some video footage of these
parts and so it could be unrelated or of
course it could actually be carrying
crated helicopter parts inside the
aircraft the Antonov is a good old
workhorse the antonov an-148 and so it's
as you say it's used for mail it's also
used for cargo and it's widely used
inside Russia by all their by their
regional airlines the point is this is a
really new aircraft and the maintenance
on it will be fairly straightforward
where it's flying they could possibly
think be a thing they call wind shear
where the wind just suddenly goes
straight up and alters the
characteristics of the plane also we
have to consider whether it's icing
whether they properly D iced the plane
before it left Moscow it could be that
ice built up very quickly on the wings
and that might have affected the flying
ability of the plane it could well be
the wind shear or it could well be that
they did actually have a problem with
the engines themselves it could well be
that the fuels I start the the fuel
lines are blocked there's any number of
things that will have to be investigated
it is a very difficult area I understand
so somehow they've got to get the assets
into the area so they can actually
properly map out and find out exactly
what's happening very heavy snow there
I've seen some footage also shot by a
local and already the parts that are
shown are completely covered by snow
sooner or later the black boxes were
actually painted bright orange will will
appear and this would give you the data
recorder from the flight deck we find
out exactly what did happen
you
