formula 1 is not just about speed and
champagne celebrations on the podium for
his drivers and fans after decades of
entertaining the track in pit lanes the
iconic grid girls will no longer be a
part of motor racing x' prize event
James Hunt is a proven winner
Formula One's commercial director
announced the decision saying the grid
girls no longer fit with modern social
norms he added that it now seems
irrelevant and inappropriate for motor
racing fans across the world meanwhile
the grid girls themselves say they're
offended after years of service to the
sport believing there's nothing
offensive about their job they say their
role is to promote the Formula One brand
and that it shouldn't be restricted by
issues of political correctness I saw my
outfit before I agreed to do it I knew
what I was wearing I knew what was
expected of me if you look at any kind
of advertisement or branding these days
you know you have beautiful glamorous
air hostesses working for the best
airlines in the world you have
Victoria's Secret models we represent
the brand so well that they model for
and so I don't think you can say that
having grid girls and glamorous
promotional models isn't keeping up with
the time feminism shouldn't be a dirty
word but obviously it could boil down to
that sadly I just feel it's a bit of a
backward step because if we want to say
to women you know we want to feel
empowered and we can do and be whatever
we want to be I don't see a problem with
promotional work at all and we all do it
by choice and we're not forced into the
work and all girls apply for the job and
all the girls that I know absolutely
love the job so I don't see that there's
any sort problem with it at all a lot of
people do come to the shows obviously to
meet some of the girls as well to get
the pictures with the girls with the
brollies and some of my friends who work
in the promotional work they've met
their future husband I don't know why
they haven't said anything before I
don't know if it's because too many
people would objectify and they probably
didn't think that this much would happen
and I'm not sure why they didn't consult
him first
some Formula one fans are also against
the initiative a website has been
launched supporting the grid girls with
a petition of receiving the backing of
around 8,000 people many of them claim
let the models do their jobs
