a Turkish military helicopter has
crashed near Syria's northern border
where turkey is carrying out an
operation against Kurdish militias
considered terrorists by Ankara at least
two people were killed in the incident a
Turkish president vowed the perpetrators
will pay the consequences helicopter has
just been downed of course all this will
happen we are at war
there'll be casualties on both sides
yesterday we destroyed their missile
depots surely will make them pay a heavy
price I'm now joined by RT Samuel
Hawkins in the studio with more details
on this thanks for coming in Daniel what
do we know so far about the situation
well details are still coming in Nicky
what we do know is that the helicopter
came down according to the Kurdish
fighters near the village of Chora
that's in Syria's Efrain district and
north of the country according to the
Turkish side according to arrow and the
president the helicopter was shot down
in her Thai province that's the southern
province in Turkey which borders Afrin
to the west of that region now we know
that two Turkish soldiers were killed in
that incident we don't yet know the type
of the helicopter but according to the
prime minister banana Yildirim the cause
of the crash is as yet unclear we don't
know if it was a technical malfunction
weather conditions or actually brought
down so still unclear as of yet what we
do know is that this incident certainly
won't help to calm the situation in the
region we also know that it's the third
aircraft to come down in the region in
the last week to ten days the first one
was the Russian su-25 shut down over
Italy by rebels the other one Israeli
f-16 by Syrian anti-aircraft fire and
now this helicopter as well proving that
groups in the area do you have the
weaponry to hit targets and bring them
down at a distance I'm sure lots of
people are wondering why Turkey was on
Syrian territory in the first place well
exactly the Turkish General Staff said
they had 19 targets in the region that
included shelters ammunition depots gun
positions belonging to terrorists an
umbrella term the Turkish government
often uses to describe Kurdish militias
in the area now it's been three weeks in
this operation Olive Branch was launched
on January the 20th the Turkish military
operation to clear the border region
terrorists as they're described by our
one and bring the Syrian land back to
Syrian people and earlier one recently
stated that what's afferent is
liberating the Turkish army will go
further take a listen we're going to
continue the olive branch operation
until we achieve our goals and then as
promised we will clear man Beach of
terrorists after that we will continue
our struggle up to the Iraqi border
until no terrorists are left our Turkish
forces are a long way from reaching in
Lib or any areas of true deep inside
Syrian territory but what this does mean
is that Turkish forces in the long run
could get bogged down in a quagmire
against armed groups which ironically
have been supplied by the United States
so what's the threat that we could see
things escalate further there's
definitely a risk of escalation US
forces are present in northern Syria in
Kurdish territory where they've been
involved in those train assist equip
missions helping Kurdish fighters
against Islamic state now other one has
said manbij is a city that could be next
where this could bring the Turkish
forces into direct conflict with those
of the United States take a listen to
how much this worries the Americans we
would call on certainly on the Turks to
not take any actions of that sort don't
want them to get engaged in a violence
but we want them to keep focused on Isis
now Turkey and the United States of
course our NATO allies that have been
for decades but in this particular
conflict they support sides which should
diametrically opposed and certainly when
the fight against Isis may well be over
that conflict those tensions in northern
Syria are unfortunately only at the very
beginning of what could be a long and
difficult drawn-out process okay thank
you for those details that's Daniel
Hawkins
we can now discuss this further with our
guest Ally risk Middle East expert and
contributor with al-monitor
welcome to the program it's good to have
you why do you think the reports on the
cause of the crash also conflicting from
being shot down to even the possibility
of a technical malfunction well my my
own presumption or what I believe to be
the greater possibility is that indeed
it was shot down I don't think it's very
likely that it was a result of a
malfunction but I think that the Turkish
officials have an interest I believe
that to try and try and underestimate or
try to speak as little as possible about
any Turkish losses in r3 and the reason
being that the operation our friend
doesn't appear to be going all that will
for the Turks they have sustained quite
a lot of losses since that began they
haven't been able to make very much
progress as well into into a frame so as
I said the operation hasn't been going
very well and now with this latest
incident regarding the helicopter I
don't think it's in Turkey's interest to
disclose exactly what happened even if
it was shot down an important point I
would like to mention is the fact that
this might very be likely you know if
the scenario was indeed that the Kurds
shot down this plane as I presume it
probably was the case we might be
witnessing a coordination between the
Syrian government and the Kurds the
cause in our friend particularly
arcanist
are considered to be more close to the
Syrian government compared to the other
Kurds for example present in members so
that would allow for possible
coordination between the Syrian
government and these Kurdish forces in
our friend we did hear that the Syrian
government allowed logistical supply
line to be open to help the Kurds in our
frame so I think if we you know if we
take all of these facts into
consideration it might indeed be that
the Kurds succeeded
carrying out this operation with
logistical support from the Syrian
government some and some of its allies
by the way do you think the possibility
that this incident could be used by
Ankara as an excuse or a reason for
further escalation in northern Syria I
think that the Turks the turkish
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan already
in tends to escalate so I don't think
that this particular incident will you
know be used as a kind of justification
as we heard in his remarks you know he
intends to go on to members and then go
on elsewhere reaching up to the Iraqi
border but I think that he will face
some very very huge monumental
challenges because even in our frame as
I said the Turks are encountering such
difficulty mambas will be a different
story that could throw threaten a
potential showdown with the US ally I
don't think turkeys ready for that so I
think that the Turks are in a somewhat
difficult position but order has climbed
this letter of escalation and I think
the problem he faces is who can bring
him down allow him to withdraw the same
time saving face it's quite a big
predicament I think which he faces Ally
risk a Middle East expert and
contributor with ala monitor thank you
for your time
