tensions are already threatening
Germany's proposed grand coalition
that's after the Social Democrats leader
revealed he'd no longer seek a
ministerial position for more on what
Martin Schultz his decision will mean
for the country's current turbulent
political scene his artis Peter Oliver
in Berlin on Wednesday it seemed we may
have been getting to the bottom of
Germany's governmental crisis a deal had
been hammered out between Angela
Merkel's conservative bloc and the
center-left Social Democrats and it
looked like Martin Schultz was set to be
installed as the next foreign minister
of Germany Friday evening and all that
has gone out the window Martin Schulz
has announced he won't be taking up that
position as Germany's teeth chief
diplomat and rumors are abound he's
being forced to step down from that by
some disgruntled colleagues high up in
his own party who actually blame him for
the party's current failures well mr.
Schultz put out a statement himself
explaining in his own words why he
wouldn't be taking up a post I renounce
joining the federal government and at
the same time I hope that this will end
the personal debates within the SPD we
all make policies for the people in this
country and my personal ambitions must
be behind the interests of the party but
it's a social democratic party that's in
real dire straits at the moment earlier
on Friday we saw the current foreign
minister Sigmar Gabrielle lash out at
Martin Schulz saying that all that was
left was regret at how little respect
there was between senior figures within
the party couple that along with the
youth wing of the SPD vocally
campaigning against joining a coalition
with Angela Merkel they've been seeing
around 20,000 or certainly more than
20,000 people signing up to join the
party since January behind the slogan
sign up and say no if the Social
Democrats vote against the grand
coalition deal it all falls apart when
we started Friday talking about the
potential political future of Angela
Merkel whether even if this grand
coalition goes ahead she would stay for
a full four-year term we've ended Friday
and certainly those
in the low politically here in Berlin
have ended Friday saying could this be
the end of the political career of
Martin Schultz the form of EU Parliament
president well he still remains a member
of the Bundestag but what his future
holds right now is really anybody's
guess that's after he said he won't be
taking a seat in a cabinet with Angela
Merkel should that coalition deal go
ahead
