around 750,000 children are struggling
to get basic medical services in the
war-torn Iraqi city of Mosul as
according to the UN's children's rights
body UNICEF an estimated 74 million
dollars are needed to rebuild health
facilities for children there
7 months after the euphoria that greeted
the liberation of Mosul from Islamic
state the Iraqi cities struggling to get
back on its feet
the number of health care centers or
hospitals is very limited the extent of
the damage has affected it I was there
in one of the health centers the other
day and the one family came in with
their baby it was in two month-old baby
they wanted a vaccinated there was
vaccine there was everything there and
staff who were seeing over a hundred
children a day were able to vaccinate
this child but those families have to
walk far I also saw the baby unit there
were nine incubators six of which were
filled with premature babies who would
not have survived unless those
incubators were there it's a wide area
wide level of levels of devastation
families have to walk enormous distances
to be able to get the health care what
we're saying is that the cumulative
health care that is required of any
child anywhere else in the world is not
available yet in Mosul and more than
half a year since its liberation the
city remains strewn with corpses a
warning you may find the following
scenes distressing the condition of many
of the bodies is making it difficult to
confirm their identities most of the
victims appear to be civilians women
children and elderly people residents
are calling on the government to do
something about the situation given the
risks to health
UNICEF's representative in Iraq Peter
Hawkins describes the situation in Mosul
as worrying I think what we need to
understand is the extent of the problem
this is a massive city Mosul City
probably faced one of the biggest urban
warfare since World War two and 2.2
million to 2.4 million people affected
it's an enormous challenge for everybody
to try and clear everything up and get
the people working again
