a last-minute appeal from 45 Russian
athletes and two coaches against a ban
preventing them from competing in the
Winter Olympics has failed the Court of
Arbitration for Sports Secretary General
announced the ruling with just hours to
go before the games got underway in
South Korea gas arbitrators have
considered that the process created by
the IOC to establish an invitation list
of Russian athletes to compete as
Olympic athletes from Russia could not
be described as a sanction but rather as
an eligibility decision applicants did
not demonstrate that the manner in which
to special Commission's is established
by the IOC was carried out in a
discriminatory arbitrary or unfair
manner art is electronica now live in
the host city of Pyeongchang Ilya
crushing news for some of Russia's top
athletes including key medal hopefuls
can you tell us a bit more about this
ruling from Cass hello Rory
so there you have it according to the
Court of Arbitration for sport
retake ridding the Russian athletes of
their Olympic invitations isn't equal to
punishment and they're absolutely happy
with the criteria that was originally
chosen by the International Olympic
Committee for these invitations the
president of the world anti-doping
agency is pleased he's saying that the
timing is great and also that all the
clean athletes from around the world
should be reassured right now besides
this the IOC is happy as well
they have already applauded the decision
as you can see from this tweet
although the Russians are obviously
devastated did I expect cast to reach
this decision 5050 especially after
Thomas Bach and one of his latest
speeches pressured the Court of
Arbitration for sport after ruled in our
favor he was literally threatening the
court he was almost saying he would
dissolve the court if it ruled again in
favor of Russian athletes
one of the biggest problems again is
that the group of 47 who never failed a
doping test were never explained which
criteria they didn't match to be shown
that red card and the 47 Russian
athletes and coaches who were suing the
IOC were from two groups 32 hadn't been
sanctioned by the IOC officials as a
result of the Russian doping scandal at
all then 15 received lifetime bans and
had their medals taken away by the IOC a
few months ago but last week the very
same Court of Arbitration for sport
canceled these lifetime bans they
rehabilitated their podium finishes and
allowed the Russian athletes to compete
again but what we've got right now is a
decision that completely contradicts
their previous ruling some have argued
that since the original court decision
to cancel the lifetime bans the Court of
Arbitration for sport has been under
immense pressure by the International
Olympic Committee the Olympic officials
in general well see for yourself as a
decision is extremely disappointing and
surprising for the the IOC we would
never have expected this this decision
shows the the urgent need for reforms in
the internal structure of cos
so did that pressure affect the verdict
possibly we'll never find out for sure
but Team Russia is devastated it's a
disaster for the athletes the coaches
and the fans who are baffled by how
unfair it could get some have already
promised to go to civil courts about
this to claim financial and moral
damages but in any case even if they end
up winning this very long legal battle
no one is going to give them back the
chance to try and win some Olympic
medals here in Pyeongchang
the Olympic movement does not consider
me an athlete who deserves to be a part
of it without even providing an
explanation I've never given a reason to
doubt my honesty and my integrity
the games in Korea were to be the first
in my career together with my partner
we've been walking towards to this
Olympics for many years it was my
cherished dream
I was shot the Olympics were my dream
and I was working towards this goal
throughout my entire sports career I've
given no reasons to doubt that I'm clean
art easily protected there live in Gong
Chang thank you
all right let's discuss this further now
here on RT international Oh Rick
sterling investigative journalists are
joining us live here on the program Rick
it's good to see you today some of the
people a ban have no prior doping
convictions what so ever so certainly
many might struggle to make sense of the
ruling bike as some people are already
asking is this decision based more on
sport or on politics well I think it I
think it's clearly politics
unfortunately this is a disaster for the
individual athletes it's also a disaster
for the Olympic movement which is
explicitly against national
discrimination so last week you had the
Court of Arbitration it's for clearing
28 athletes of any charges of
anti-doping violations and yet they're
all ineligible for participation in the
Olympic Games so that in itself is
evidence of national discrimination it's
this is a tragedy to see the Olympic
movement bending to the political winds
and the Western media recall that this
all began two months before the real
Olympics when is a big story in the new
york times featuring we rewrote chenkov
began a an investigation and then it was
just literally days and or a week before
the Rio Olympics that that athletes were
banned at that time and then McLaren
came out with this report at the end of
last year and they've spent a year and
then here we are just a few weeks before
the Olympics you've got these rulings
and then here we are the day of the
Olympics this final as far as final
ruling this final ruling comes down with
a Court of Arbitration for sport I was
going to ask you Rick I'm sorry
in there but if clean athletes can get
banned for doping issues and that yet
they have nothing to do with dough
whatsoever
I suppose I want to ask you what kind of
president does it set for the world of
sport it sets a terrible precedent and
when you hear water talk they're always
talking about clean athletes but
apparently Russians don't count in that
by their ruling so this is really a
travesty of justice there needs to be a
lot more scrutiny of the McClaren
reports itself I've documented major
contradictions and errors and
inconsistencies in that report so the
whole foundation of this is is very
faulty it needs to be pursued into the
future and the Olympic the International
Olympic Committee and the Olympic
campaign the Olympic Charter needs to be
restored well Rick I wanted to ask you
for your comments on the what came from
the Russian luge team coach who said
that the cast decision can be explained
by heavy pressure on the IOC your
thoughts on that I think that's pretty
accurate there was another Russian
athlete who said were were we're pawns
in the game and I'm afraid that's the
reality this is this is happening
because of geopolitics
all right investigative journalists are
extolling you just stay with us if you
will for a moment here I'm gonna come
back to you in just a minute thank you
for this so far it is not just Russian
athletes their participation in the
Olympics that has led to controversy or
the North Korean teams visit beyond
Qiang has also seen an angry reaction
the South Korean activists so protested
Thursday as a North Korean orchestra
gave a sold-out performance on the eve
of the games they were holding up
placards reading no Pyongyang at the
Olympics
while the event is supposed to be about
sport and peace it seems these games are
becoming more and more about politics
and that of the Korean crisis
it's a three-minute watching
today's military parade will show off
the powerful status of the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea as long as
hostile policies from the US continue
the mission of the Korean People's Army
can never change
the United States of America will
continue to stand shoulder-to-shoulder
in our effort to bring maximum pressure
to bear on North Korea until that time
comes when they finally and permanently
and irreversibly abandon their nuclear
and ballistic missile ambitions
