YouTube has found no evidence that
Russia somehow interfered in the UK's
brexit referendum now this is according
to the company's global head of Public
Policy who testified in front of a UK
House of Commons committee we looked at
all advertisements with any connection
to Russia and we found no evidence of
our services being used to interfere in
the referendum we're not just looking
necessarily for the paid for advertising
link to the election but actually the
operation of channels or all the
uploading of films which are which can
be linked back to Russian agencies and
had a political purpose a message during
the referendum would you be able to do
that for us we are happy to cooperate
with an investigation
so it says yes yes despite these endless
attempts to accuse Russia of brexit
meddling and this pressure and online
platforms to expose any shady business
that Russia might have been up to yet
another revelation this time from
YouTube that nothing of sort had
happened
now this indeed that yet another session
of the UK parliamentary committee
enquiring into fake news who this time
travelled to Washington to ask their
questions but it has to be said that
despite all of their hard work this
inquiry has produced no results of
substance so far if you remember
previously this committee seems to have
been sort of left hanging by Twitter
we found that 1% of the accounts in the
dataset were registered in Russia could
you confirm how many other accounts were
being controlled from agencies in Russia
even if they were not registered there
we do not have sufficiently strong
evidence to enable us to conclusively
link them with Russia the failure to
obtain straight answers is simply
increasing concerns about these issues
rather than reassuring people well this
as Google also said they found no
evidence of Russian meddling in the
brexit referendum as well as of course
Facebook following their investigation
having said that they found that Russia
spent 73 p on any kind of posts related
to brexit
