of Airlines passenger plane that took
off earlier in this afternoon from
Dhamma dead over airport when a mosque
has three main airports very busy
Airport two it was an internal flight
and we believe it crashed around about
50 to 60 kilometers southeast of moscow
we think it only got to about 6,400 feet
that's a similar type of plane and
Antonov you singing your screens there
one for a Jerry an Antonov one for eight
now Russian planes until about a decade
ago were a problematic thinking about
the total of one five fours the topple
off one three fours they've largely been
phased out now certainly don't see many
of them in Europe there are many Russian
carriers using them now for one as well
as being a bit unreliable towards the
end they burned a lot of fuels so most
of the Russian companies now the
internal companies the EU's Airbus they
use Boeing's that use embrace this one
slightly different is it the Russian
plane or Ukrainian plane in a n14 ate up
until a few years ago it was produced
both in the Ukraine and also in in
Russia in running water finish so the
Deaf only spotty single thing was last
year it's about 50 in service muslim are
in russia design yeah it is it is a new
design it's you know anton of claims is
equivalent in terms on how modern it is
to the Western counterparts
it is fly-by-wire aircraft just like the
air buses but again we this is also one
of the pipes that was that Russia and
the Ukraine hoped on to gain commercial
success in the most of it era this is
the what we call the second generation
also the I do it a quick wiki search on
it ironic that last year was a branded
the safest year to fly wasn't it 2017 I
think this is as for I was I'm not one
of the first plane crashes we believe so
far this year sadly it's happened here
in Russia and
does look like all 65 passengers and
crew have perished but we've yet to
confirm that so we've got a crew heading
there now what do we know about this
company Saratov airlines they were part
of Aeroflot at one stage had been going
for a long while since 1931 there was a
bit of a security safety concern about
them about a year or so ago but it seems
that was overcome yeah yeah
again this is one of those what we
outside would call one of the small
Russian Airlines
but as you know past 2010 you know you
know we would say the survivors would
have had to evolve you know to live on
and if this is 10 years ago you know
most branded as one of those
questionable operations but this is we
are now in the post consolidation era of
the Soviet era sort of the Russian
airline industry so and interestingly
enough most all of their aircraft except
for the one three most of the aircraft
have been the Russian aircraft they are
to operate about 500 lives 42s
when they're beginning to introduce the
empire 195 now that's a you know there
is a Western there is a Brazilian
aircraft
yeah not interesting also the answer of
one four eight sort of operates I think
it's the ones that rossiya airlines used
to operate so I think OCLs stopped
operating that and it translated to
another taker which in this case was
looking at the destroy display what
you're talking I'm doing a quickie check
on that and I'll swear it looks like
they were enough there was an accident
in its development to surrender but 2011
but it looks like they've been no other
fatality no no other fatal accidents of
that plane over the years since then
over the last decade or so since it was
brought in a round about 2004 that plane
first took to the skies testing Jerry
we're going to leave it for now Jerry so
yeah mine independent aviation
consultant thanks again for coming on
short notice and telling us what you
know about this plane indeed this
airline as well if you just joined us
this is our international my name is
Kevin oh and there's one story started
the dominator coverage now this hour a
plane with 71 passengers and crew
has crashed shortly after it took off
from Moscow's International Domodedovo
Airport
it's an Antonov as we just heard one 4/8
airplane operated by a company called
Surat off Airlines at the time it took
off from about 2 o'clock this afternoon
local time it was heading to ask that's
a city close to the Russian border with
Kazakhstan basically heading southeast
from Moscow eyewitnesses reportedly say
they saw that plane on fire before it
went down there were reportedly 65
passengers and six crew on board if
you're concerned about friends family
loved ones passengers or crew there we
believe the flight number is 6w7
0-3 once again that flight number of the
plane involved here is 6w 703 a Saratov
airlines internal flight today from
moscow to southeast russia emergency
teams have reached the crash site now
it's about 50 60 kilometers from Moscow
but bad weather here at the moment
there's been heavy snow over the last
week or so they are reporting bodies on
the ground at the moment one eyewitness
is according to one news agency Interfax
saying that there is little hope for any
of the crew and the passengers there we
are yet to cooperate that we're sending
our senior correspondent were Agastya
there now he's on his way it's going to
take a while because the weather is
pretty bad and as you've just heard you
can't totally get there by Carson
without joining us to be on foot but
we've got crews going there now we're
course going to be the prime channel to
bring you up to date on the latest here
a very unfortunate story on our patch
the area is nearer her village 60
kilometres south of Moscow as they say
still no word on what may have caused
that plane to come down it was in the
initial climb tracking seems to suggest
it was about 6,400 feet up into the air
but it be going out to a course usual
climbing altitudes between 30 and 40,000
feet for that kind of plane
investigators say all versions still of
what's gone so badly wrong here are
being considered at this point
elsewhere in the week just gone South
Korea welcomed the world to the Winter
Olympics on Friday the grand opening
ceremony was held in the host city
Pyeongchang nearly 3,000 athletes from
92 countries took part in the event but
before those celebrations in the Olympic
arena there were demonstrations and
fighting outside the venue people
supporting peace between North and South
Korea gathered for one rally while
another group protesting North Korea's
participation in the games clashed
physically with the police for a while
