disturbing video has surfaced online
showing children in Libya who are
reported to be under 9 staging a mock at
execution now to discuss this I am
joined by a panel of guests this evening
we have first dr. Luis Harrington who is
a terrorism expert at Loughborough
University then we have mohamed circle a
UN representative from the with also
with the jace or youth organization and
last but of course not least we have
MUFAs steel islam an international human
rights advocate and chairman of Bauby
the online bloggers association now move
facil since i got to last let's go ahead
and start with you what did you make of
this video when you saw it well this is
probably not the first time we came
across similar video if I recall a few
years ago Sky News a broadcast is a
similar kind of situation where children
where mocking you know making actions
like that on social media and they were
playful about terrorism acts so this is
not something new for me I have been
online as a social media activist for 11
years and I have seen many you know
children in war-torn areas acting up
terrorist acts like that as in a playful
mood so this is nothing new to me also a
warning sign I apologize I apologize if
we can go ahead over to dr. Harrington
sorry I didn't quite catch the question
sorry just what your initial reaction
was to seeing this video is this
something that you've also seen before
I'll be I've seen videos of young
children re-enacting the things that
they that they see and I you know when I
reflect on this from of the long process
- you know I think that these the the
these children suffering the amount of
trauma that they like to have
experienced if we kind of look ahead to
pathways you know if there's any concern
about terrorism that pathways the the
the the risk of substance misuse turning
to deal with that trauma that they've
encountered we know that a number of the
individuals responsible for terrorism
across Europe have struggled with
substance misuse and that that pathway
into sort of fundamentalist groups sort
of begins at an early age through
traumatic events so that there's
certainly a it concerns me but I don't
think it's you know in any way something
that can't be dealt with
given sufficient trauma counseling to
avoid them following in the same
footsteps as other young men who've
experienced trauma
now just to point out quickly the
children it is believed that they
weren't actually mimicking ISIL
execution it's believed that they were
actually copying what they saw an
execution by a Libyan National Army
commander that took place at the end of
January
just to be clarified on that point now
mister at circle do you think that they
these children could pose a threat or is
this just kids being kids they're just
repeating what they see well good
evening and thanks for having me on your
on this important issue
that we actually have raised this issue
during the Human Rights Council sessions
and meetings what we be seeing now is
just a mocking video but actually we've
seen actual videos where children has
been used to be had you know to be had
people in in Syria and in Iraq in Iraq
as well we heard stories when terrorist
groups using the young people to be a
spy on their families or to be a suicide
bombers as well so this video is just
it's not new what we see what we've seen
worse is actual that's what we're trying
to do is we hope that we can work
together with the UN to prevent such a
videos to be to be shown on
online because FZ noticed those those
children have seen this video somewhere
and they tried to mock that video and
they trying to to to copy that video so
as as I suggest to the UN or to other
NGOs or to my colleagues here is to work
on regulation well if you have this kind
of videos as as an adult video should
not be shown to children online so we
have to work on something to prevent
those video to be released and to be
shown that's how the children are
learning about this know if I say I
think you were trying to AB something
here go ahead good yes yes at a social
media you know has been failing us for
quite some time now there are online
terrorist blogs and I am aware of
various online terrorist platforms even
on social media like Facebook the web
Facebook and even YouTube is still up
and running there are very many
terrorist accounts aware videos are such
like such as these even real videos as
my friend here said are being shown and
being run by known terrorists and how is
it going on how is it happening now this
is coming to our to our home because if
you recall the British child named
Ayesha dari
he in fact blew up a few people on bus
in a terrorist act when he was about
four years of age when his mother was in
fact glorifying the terrorist act so
such acts are terrifying for us because
our children are being brainwashed as
well we are at various projects which
proves that almost 4,000 children were
called to projects like channel project
to in fact make them aware of what they
are they're supporting or believing to
be wrong there are NSPCC hotlines where
parents can in fact take the help to
monitor or help their children they are
afraid of being radicalized
so this proves that this is coming to
our shores as well and now I must add
something else as well I don't think
just a trauma counselling it will go
into health we need to find out the root
cause behind it which is the radical and
the extremist understanding of religious
views and especially of Islam there
SWAT is being used by Islamist terrorist
organizations and groups like you know
is or other similar organizations and
they glorify martyrdom of children even
and how they're being brainwashed we
need to find out the route strategies
they are adopting and how children have
been attracted to it because it is very
easy to in fact convince children and
use them as you know suicide bombers I
thought when I do two orders I I'm you
know III the evidence that Selena I've
looked at is that that the individuals
that are actually carrying out terrorist
attacks and in particular suicide
attacks often have been escaping chaotic
lives that actually that the their
engagement with what we'd call
extremists material it doesn't happen
until many years down the line so when
we talk about root causes we really need
to understand what attracts individuals
to groups like al mature Haroon Islam
for UK Islam for for Belgium
sharia4belgium what attracts them to
that those groups in the first place
because I think when we look too much at
what they've been interested in in the
in a year or so beforehand believing
that that was the catalyst so believing
that that was the root cause when it was
nothing more than the catalyst we're
looking at very troubled individuals you
know in the case of the the individual
responsible for killing your soldier a
Rigby the westminster attack the paris
attack the the anna summary in germany
these were these were the guys living
very very troubled lives you know and
they often substance misuse was a big
problem and if we understand that the
reasons that people engage in substance
misuse is because of childhood trauma
and that if we understand that if we've
got a large number of young guys of
children who have experienced that kind
of trauma could they is it possibly be
partially a follower or not the whole
truth that's not the whole
it's certainly a large part of it the
data supports that well I'm talking
about
for example the Bangladesh the terrorist
attacks it could be this could be
extremism but but but the idea behind
this
those kids are copying what they seen
like like what they do when they watch
you know a wartime movie or when they
play a game of you know I don't know so
many war games or fighting games they
copy this kind of stuff some trouble
it's very hard to understand whatever
prevents let's let's work let's work on
let's blow smoke on prevention
preventing this kind of movies and this
kind of video is to be shown the movies
there's no regulation is no suggestively
violence cause that kids homicides that
kids been sorry know when you'll be
suggesting that something's were the
kitchen I'm talking about kids that have
experienced direct trauma and violence
and and war that that kind of trauma is
absolutely indicative of shows that
they're the kind of individuals who when
they grow up are almost certainly going
to be vulnerable to radicalization
because they would have had the looking
for escape those I would be any country
that's why we need about these young
guys that's all we need they only the
only prevention is took is to deal with
the underlying cause and for a number of
these guys it's gonna be the trauma they
encounter they've been in war zone if
they're mirroring in they're executing
their friends or mock executions what
are they been watching was it online or
really were they watching it firsthand
and if they've watched it firsthand
guaranteed they're gonna have struck
they're gonna struggle with mental
health they're gonna have a great number
of issues and I think
they yeah we know the root cause is not
that no okay let's go ahead and right
right
first of all if you look into the
history of Islamic terrorism recently in
a country where I was born Bangladeshi
we'll see most of the terrorist attacks
in the capital of Dhaka was carried out
by youths who in fact came from affluent
families that very good life in fact
they were brainwashed by this Islamist
terrorism not only by videos but by
theological understanding of it and when
it comes to children children are not
being able to be children because of the
upbringing they are getting because
there at the Islamic extremist ideology
it in fact denies you of any kind of
recreation that a children can and will
need to grow up for example they will
not be allowed to play with certain toys
they will not be able able to drop are
no pictures of human beings they will
not be able to listen to music they will
not be able to hang out with some
certain type of friends or even girls
you know these are all in fact add up so
that happens in their being high yeah
this is an excellent point exactly what
we they have learned and when they have
been what to be educated this is what
we're talking about is prevention
through education our some other
education in some countries they they
educate the younger kids on
radicalization on extremism right from
the younger age so we that's what we
call him for we call some regulations to
prevent such a behavior either either on
online videos or watching you know we
have to regulate the education
curriculum some of the country is
required to be looked into and see how
the education curriculum has been taught
in schools this is one thing we'd ask
that you introduce her as well also to
look at monitoring the education
curriculum that
the human rights standard they can teach
the kids not to play that toy or not to
talk to that person or to hate that
person or to love that person my kids
cannot make a choice my kids only copy
when they seen and my colleague says yes
I've seen some execution and effort of
them in Libya in Syria and in Iraq
they've seen their families being killed
they've seen the father being headed as
well this were they turning out to so
that's what we're trying to work out
thank you so much for joining us to
discuss this issue we have dr. Lewis
Harrington tourism expert at
Loughborough University Mohammed circle
a UN representative also with the Jason
youth organization and mo facilities
loan and international human rights
advocate and chairman of Bauby thank you
very much gentlemen for your time this
evening
