I'm Erin a southern Italian town known
for pro migrants stance has been
arrested for allegedly helping
immigrants illegally obtained the right
to remain in the country now
correspondent Peter Oliver picks up the
story
Dominika luciano is the mayor of the
small town of rio in southern italy now
he came to prominence after he well
opened up his town to refugees and
migrants taken as many as 500 into the
town of just 1,800 for this he was
awarded the The Dresden Peace Prize in
2017 he was also in 2016
named as one of the 50 greatest leaders
in the world in fact he said that
helping refugees and migrants was his
calling I have a strong mission to
understand the difficulties people face
who arrived here and I have to say that
those people who have arrived are
probably a product of the unfair world
well he's now found himself the target
of the guard theater for nuns at a gfd
they are the Italian government's
federal law enforcement authority when
it comes to financial crimes and they've
charged him with a number of well of
offenses he's charged with having sorted
out sham marriages for refugees and
migrants with citizens of his village in
order to allow people to stay he's also
accused of not adhering to the
procedures the correct procedures when
it comes to handing out roots and
contracts for garbage disposal now Italy
stance when it comes to refugees and
migrants has changed in recent times
they've moved away from the policies of
the center-right government that was
operated under matteo renzi
and the new coalition government
certainly has picked up a populist and
more well anti-migrant view this
coalition between the five star movement
and the league headed up by the prime
minister giuseppe Conte they've really
changed tack and put forward a far more
well stronger view and stronger politics
when it comes to refugees and migrants
from Italy than we've seen in the past
you
