now there's been another says mixed in
the world of cryptocurrencies with the
value of bitcoins shaken down again this
time dropping to $6,000 that's almost
the same price that was back in November
before its meteoric rise the digital
money has been getting much attention
lately
now the rapid fluctuation of Bitcoin is
drawing comparisons to the first
recorded economic bubble which was back
in the 17th century during the so-called
tulip mania that was when the price of
tulips mirrored the path bitcoin is
taking now with a huge spike in value
before plummeting back to its original
starting price well let's discuss this
live with economics professor at
Kingston University Steve Keen thanks
for joining us sir good to have you on
the program I mean I'm certainly glad
had been invested in Bitcoin now when I
was thinking about it given the drop but
of course it's back to the price it was
in November before it went right up
again so I mean what do you think about
the drop is there potential for another
rise oh it's it's probably the most
gambled and possibly in in terms of the
actual type of behavior that's driving
the price up and down the most illegal
speculative financial asset on the
planet because the things which are
driving the price up and down are
actually illegal in actual stock markets
you can't you you can't do what they
call pump and dump on a stock market you
can't coordinate a bunch of people who
to buy into the share of the asset to
make it rise to send out news messages
to be paid to send of those messages and
then once the price has risen to sell
and cream off the money that's been made
by people who came in later weren't part
of the party that's quite a regular part
of the behavior of Bitcoin so we'll go
up and down but I think the long-run
trend is towards basically the value of
one chulip it's certainly something
that's divided opinions hasn't it about
its future let's just take a listen to a
couple of the most high-profile ones I
do think that I think what's going on
definitely will come to a bad ending
Bitcoin is is better than currency and
you don't have to be physically in the
same place well that was a Warren
Buffett and Bill Gates they're quite
poll of views it seems on Bitcoin I mean
why do you think it's divided opinion so
much among you know people from
investors to some of the worlds which is
richest millionaires well there are
people who are quite opposed to the
hydia of government based money and who
also opposed to the obvious fraudulent
shenanigans that the financial sector
went on with credit based money back in
2007 in fact there's a attack at the but
both parties effectively in the very
first Bitcoin it includes a comment on
the Chancellor per se therefore
representing the government in the UK
about to do the second bailout of the
banks so that this was a huge part of it
was a rebellion against fiat currency
and credit money but it's been badly
designed it's based on an analogy to
gold which its authors false because
it's very easy to make another Bitcoin
technology as we've seen it's impossible
to make more gold and it's also not true
the gold was ever money so what they're
built in is a currency which is based on
a set of fallacies and the biggest one
to me is to be money you have to have
able to enable transactions but the
maximum number of transactions that can
be supported on the Bitcoin network per
second is about 20 so there's probably
that many transactions in a large
suburban London and they're talking
about it taking over as a global
currency it simply isn't going to happen
I mean is it too early to be sounding
the alarm know about the death of
Bitcoin I mean it's still worth quite a
lot of money isn't it after all hmm
well your people have bought in early
done very very well my Max Keiser was
recommending buying it at $3 and if I'd
listened to max on one of those shows
I'd be I would have saw that quite
nicely even at the price is selling out
now but ultimately the only long-term
value for Bitcoin is if it becomes an
alternative to currencies and so long as
it only supports a trivial and I'd
really mean trivial number of
transactions per second it simply can't
become money now in that sense it's a
bit like a tulip what can you do with a
chip apart from planted in the garden
and what should get low look lovely and
then slowly die and I think that's
what's happening with Bitcoin as well
it's a topic that's really hardly but
out the headlines the last few months as
there every week there's seem to be a
discussion you can travers√©e I mean has
all the attention around Bitcoin been
justified do you think well it certainly
created a stir because that there's a
libertarian community that wants to
support a complete alternative to
government base money and you'll see a
lot of the tweets like those from Max
Keiser saying that it's going to
completely eliminate
currency's so there's this libertarian
side to it and that's a large part of
where it's support group has come from
and it is an interesting technology and
the blockchain concept is something that
may be effective as a way of replacing
the back offices of banks at some stage
but the fact that it was so slow
consumes so much energy and handle so
few transactions means that it can't
ultimately be what people are claiming
it to be so another blockchain
technology may well succeed but I simply
can't see a Bitcoin being effective
there's a lot of changes right now that
when the financial world isn't there I
mean from countries moving away from the
petro dollar to the Shanghai you know
the new stock exchange the country's
buying up gold etc you mentioned an
alternative currency could work if
Bitcoin perhaps reformed somehow is
there a future for a-- i mean what do
you think is the long-term future or the
medium-term future perhaps might be
easier to predict of bitcoin i think
it's ultimately going to collapse to a
virtually zero value because again
because it only handled a tiny number of
transactions if I wanted to buy
Lithuania Bitcoin would be a good way to
do that but I can only manage 20
transactions maximum for a second that
is simply not currency it's only going
to be there as an effective means of
Trance transfers are extremely large
transactions 50 million a hundred
million dollars at a time and that's
it's not you're not going to be buying
coffee with it at Costco particularly
when the transaction fees are now
running at something like of the order
of ten or twenty dollars per transaction
no matter how many Bitcoin are involved
so it's it's it's got so many design
flaws and in that sense it's like a loss
leader it's the first for the new
technology interesting idea but
identicals going to work Steve Keeney
economics professor at Kingston
University great to get your take as
always on this thanks for joining us
