the French island of corsica sought
large nationalist protests on Saturday
ahead of a planned visit by the
country's President Emmanuel macron
local authorities say 6,000 people took
part in the protest though rally
organizers put the figure at 25,000
only the Gotham where course against yes
of course were French but we're Corsican
stitute and they should recognize that
this is it we are protesting because
Corsica is being held hostage by France
because currently everything is being
decided by officials in Paris first of
all we demand the transfer of Corsican
political prisoners to Corsican prisons
families are suffering because currently
political prisoners are located far away
from their homeland this is the most
important demand the president's two-day
visit to the region whose population is
just half of a percent of France's does
come at a time of rising separatist
sentiment the 1970s corsica's fight for
independence is at its height with the
nationalist movement carrying out a
series of bombings and shootings the
deadly campaign will continue for
decades in 1998 the top official on the
island
Claude Aaron Yaak was killed becoming
the ninth state worker to be murdered by
separatists in 2014 the National
Liberation Front of Corsica laid down
its arms declaring a permanent ceasefire
opening a path for separatist and pro
autonomy political parties to reach a
compromise with the central government
back in December a nationalist
separatist alliance won an absolute
majority in the Corsican Assembly
leaving macarons political movement far
behind that victory raised separatists
hopes
but their wishlist is relatively modest
at least for now
the main calls official status for the
Corsican language control over the local
budget and no more holiday homes for
outsiders clogging up this paradise
known as the island of beauty but
Corsican leaders warn Paris should heed
these calls some people are now telling
me if winning elections does not even
gets us to hold talks on what we gave
you a mandate for it means democracy is
a dead end to go from there to saying
bombs are more effective than votes is
something I don't agree with but which
at some point could be validated by a
number of people giving in could prove
difficult for highly centralized France
previous administrations have met
corsica's demands with irritation and
even refused to negotiate macron hints
he may be different but specific
promises are proving elusive so far we
could concede the possible changes but
these would come as elsewhere within the
framework of the Constitution this
republican framework does not allow us
to say yes to certain demands such as on
residency rights or recognising Corsican
as the official language alongside
French
