the US a vice president will head to the
Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang but not
apparently to enjoy the sports quite
frankly we're traveling to the Olympics
to make sure that North Korea doesn't
use the powerful symbolism in the
backdrop of the Winter Olympics we'll be
telling the truth about North Korea at
every stop we'll be ensuring that that
whatever whatever cooperation that's
existing between North and South Korea
today on Olympic teams does not cloud
the reality pence also plans to take the
father of a student who died after being
jailed in North Korea for attempting to
steal the propaganda poster from a hotel
in Pyongyang the idea is reportedly to
remind the world of the atrocities that
happen in North Korea pence will also
visit a memorial for South Korean
sailors killed in 2010 after the sinking
of a warship which Seoul says was a
North Korean torpedo attack now in
mid-january the two Koreas held their
first direct talks since 2015
soon afterwards it was announced North
Korea would attend the Olympic Games the
two countries agreed to march together
under one flag at the opening ceremony
for the first time in 12 years and the
north and south also decided to send a
joint women's ice hockey team in the
latest development the leader of North
Korea's Parliament Kim yong-nam will be
attending the opening ceremony and dr.
Simone Chun from the Korea Peace Network
believes the games are a valuable
opportunity to calm tensions Trump
actually supported the inter-korean our
participation in unity and but it seems
to me that there is a television with
India at trump a demonstration this is
about olympic games for players more
than seven person holding think that the
inter-korean unity during Olympic Winter
Olympic is you know a benefit not only
for Korean Peninsula but also for the
entire world this is really truly story
time that two Koreas trying to go on you
know peace offensive
rather than the war offensive and this
is assistance is strictly treats just
two strategic time to halt
warmongering movement so I really hope
that vice president doesn't really ruin
this awesome opportunity and the spirit
of peace
