Russia is mourning the death of major
Roman filippov whose plane was shot down
by Islamic militants in northern Syria
on Saturday
the pilot avoided capture by taking his
own life blowing up a hand grenade when
he was surrounded by enemy forces on the
ground
I'm on philippa Ramon filippova was
fighting terrorism and died as a hero I
came here today to honor him He gave His
life so that we can live in peace
in high school he dreamt of becoming a
pilot and the Elevens great when we were
discussing career choices during class
he said without hesitation I want to fly
after he entered the military academy he
once came back to the high school during
his winter break wearing his military
uniform he never hid behind others when
anyone needed his help he was always
there but he never did it to show off he
was a great guy
