the EU is looking to accelerate its
expansion into the Bolton's on Tuesday
the European Commission will discuss a
plan to bring Serbia and Montenegro into
the bloc by 2025 followed by four more
countries according to reports this is
part of an EU strategy to counter
Russia's growing influence in the region
Moscow has maintained close relations
with most of the Balkan states since the
1990s in particular it's supported
Serbia during NATO's military
intervention in 1999 into international
affairs commentator Marco Gossage thinks
that EU plans to expand the bloc
eastwards designed as a move against
will various global powers this is about
shutting Russia out and indeed to some
extent China as well from this region in
order to make a monolithic EU stroke
Western bloc Serb is the key to this
because Serbia is the only country on
the list which really needs persuading
and the reason why it needs persuading
is because the price of EU membership
for Serbia unlike the others is
incredibly high Serbia would need to be
persuaded into allowing its province of
Kosovo and from here to be converted
into a second Albania and no Serbian
politician would want to be responsible
for that a lot of Serbians realized very
clearly there that in essence the EU is
offering Serbia the chance to lose good
relations great trading relations with
many economic bloc's in return for
having good relations with just one
