South Sudan is the youngest country in
the world and according to a new report
from the US State Department it's off to
a pretty bleak start almost 400,000
people killed half of them killed in the
conflict the other half dying of hunger
and disease now previously prior to this
report the estimates had only been in
the tens of thousands but now it looks
like the numbers of deaths in South
Sudan are approaching the number that
have died in the conflict in Syria
pretty bleak but it wasn't always like
this now in the 1990s there was no South
Sudan Sudan was one country and it was
embroiled in the longest running civil
war in the continent
however there were some perks at that
point sedan had lots of oil to sell and
China was pouring in investments and
that is when the sanctions rolled in
sedan was declared to be a state sponsor
of terror Bill Clinton bombed a factory
in 1998 that he said was making chemical
weapons our forces also attacked a
factory in Sudan associated with the bin
Laden Network the factory was involved
in the production of materials for
chemical weapons but actually the
factory was just making medicine no
evidence of chemical weapons has ever
been produced now the USA pushed for
South Sudan's independence in 2011 the
USA hailed South Sudan for breaking away
and becoming a new country but the
authorial a slaw it breaks my heart to
see what South Sudan has become today
country fell into a civil war between
rival plans the president turned against
the vice president and mass killings in
hunger ensued and all this killing was a
headache for the United Nations so with
a new administration now in the White
House the u.s. role in South Sudan is
being reassessed the United States
government will not continue in a
partnership with leaders who are only
interested in perpetuating an endless
war characterized by ethnically
motivated atrocities the government of
South Sudan has lost credibility and the
United States is losing patience yes
South Sudan is yet another example of
the US State Department telling us that
they're gonna go rescue some poor
oppressed people on the other side of
the planet and then they're left
spending money to analyze results
showing that the conditions overall are
getting a lot worse to an extent the
world seemed to have forgotten about
South Sudan not too long ago it was the
world that was rallying together to form
this new nation then at the expense of
northern Sudan which was run by Bashar
and it would appear that petty politics
between the Chinese and
the u.s. in terms of their respective
influences on those countries have meant
that for now at least the world seems to
have forgotten about the Sudan crisis
soon forgotten about the displacement of
people women and children and
displacement of children across the
nation and it's very much an
impoverished state and and of course we
know that a lot of things do not work
effectively in South Sudan and for all
intents purposes the the west and
international community seems to have
turned a blind eye
you
