Oxfam's humanitarian coordinator for the
Mideast joined us earlier to share his
thoughts on Muslims blight
the reality is it's been a very intense
battle too particularly in the old city
of Mosul and in our experiences it's
often been very complex to to
rehabilitate the city after the North
quake or or a fighting like this a lot
of funding is needed for the
rehabilitation and Europe all clearly
outlined that the bill is very high and
I know definitely said looked to
international donors and I understand
that this conference in Kuwait where
Russ has been be part of to start to say
and start to contribute to increasing
the funding to the recovery effort for
the city as a whole not just the oldest
it in western Mosul but for the whole of
the region and an Inoue
governor which has been so affected by
the fighting recently
