International Olympic Committee has
rejected the requests of 13 Russian
athletes as well as two coaches for
invites that the upcoming Winter Games
the sportsmen and women were recently
ruled lots of violated doping rules by
sports highest court the IOC however
still has the power to decide who
competes and who doesn't we applied the
same strict procedure after the
extremely disappointing cast decisions
upholding a number of Appeals the
privilege to be invited requires more
than just the absence of a sanction so
we have not invited the athletes were
seeking invitations to compete along
with other clean Russian competitors
that's of course under the banner
neutral athletes from Russia the
Switzerland based Court of Arbitration
for sport said on Thursday that the IOC
is evidence that the twenty-eighth had
taken banned substances was insufficient
unanimously found that the evidence put
forward by the IOC in relation to this
matter
did not have the same weight in each
individual case this is why in 28 cases
the evidence collected was found to be
insufficient to establish that an
anti-doping relation was committed by
the athletes concerned this does not
mean that these 28 athletes are declared
innocence but in that case due to
insufficient evidence
the appeals upheld the sanctions
annulled and their individual results
achieved in Sochi reinstated all right
let's bring in Alice Cashmore professor
of sociology and export and Culture
Media and Sport at Aston University in
the UK great to have you on sir
athletes earlier delighted of course by
the the cast decision but of good news
but the IOC now saying they can't go
shattering all their hopes of competing
I mean as really as a roller coaster of
a story isn't it what do you make of it
all well the ISC first of all we have to
say
that they are entitled it's an
invitations only event and they can
invite who they like in the world and
they can ban whoever they like as well
it is an extraordinary turn of events
I'm not often surprised by eventualities
in sport but I am by this one the Court
of Arbitration for sport has really
turned everything on its head and it
said that they find insufficient
evidence that is the crucial remark
insufficient evidence now for the past
18 months or so we've been bombarded
with what is supposed to count as
evidence from a professor McLaren who
said the state-sponsored doping going on
in Russia we've had the the Paralympic
athletes disqualified from successive
competitions we've had the individual
bands on Russians at the at the Rio
Olympics and at the the blanket ban at
the world I double AF Championships that
is the track and field championship so
they're an extraordinary sequence of
events and suddenly out of nowhere the
Court of Arbitration against all
expectations has declared insufficient
evidence now don't underestimate the
implications of this ruling it will
encourage a great many more athletes
particularly Russian athletes who've
been disqualified and had their medals
taken away from them to appeal those
decisions and who knows if the court of
arbitration come down on their side then
we will have to have some kind of
retrospective reinterpretation of
everything that's gone on over the past
18 months it really is a potentially
fantastic decision as far as Russia is
concerned mmm I Oh see though they're
saying it's got a new evidence of doping
on the part of these athletes I mean do
you think of any reason why it wasn't
made available to cast tous to start
with to make another Paris Daniel hmm
it's completely embarrassed by this
decision because it stood by McLaren
throughout the whole process and now the
Court of Arbitration has said it's
insufficient at some point
over the next several months it could be
that Professor McLaren
it's call upon if not to appear at the
court of arbitration but at least to
disclose his evidence or what as far as
his concern counts as evidence to the
court and let them make their evaluation
of the authenticity of that evidence and
that could be interesting in its own
right the IOC is embarrassed by all this
because I'm sure like me it felt quite
confident that the court of arbitration
would act according to protocol and
agree with it but it's it's done so it
must have there must have looked at this
quite critically and challenged the
findings of McLaren thought to
themselves well there really isn't
enough evidence to to take away the
medals from these people so let's
reinstatement the IOC for some reason is
saying we're disappointed by this what
you are you have to ask yourself this
question why would the Olympic
organizers be disappointed with a court
of arbitrations decision and remember
the court has no ax to grind so it's
completely neutral and objective about
these things why would it be
disappointed in its decision I just want
to ask this question I mean I think we
both agree that if athletes have taken
part in doping or there is some sort of
doping program they should face the full
legal consequences I think that's
something everyone agrees on but in
terms of this ongoing saga to what
extent do you think this is driven by
politics rather than an object a review
of all available evidence as cast seems
to have looked at I mean is that a
factor here a very the most significant
factor Daniel the single most
significant factor because politics have
driven this whole narrative from the
start I mean everyone was denying it but
it had to be political what's happened
here is that Russia has been made a
scapegoat the IOC in particular but the
world of sport in general has really
been looking to to make a statement an
affirmation of its stance against doping
in world sport and it's it's issued
disqualifications and lifetime bans to
individual athletes but this is the
first time in his
that is found a whole nation culpable
and of course it's evidence for doing
that was founded on the McLaren report
now I think that the political dimension
of this is there for those who want to
examine it sport has billions of dollars
coming in through sponsorship deals the
likes of Toyota these are McDonald's
there are Sony there are a great many
corporate globally corporate sponsors
who put money into sport they do not
want their brand names associated with
an enterprise which in some senses is
soft on drugs because it just doesn't
want to associate its brand with drugs
and so sport has been under pressure to
make an example of first of all
individual athletes but this has been an
incredibly I suppose far-reaching
statement to ban an entire nation and a
nation that is a power in world sport
like Russia and that I think in a
nutshell is basically what has driven
this whole this whole saga as you call
it earlier sure and it's showing no sign
of abating is it constant twists and
turns no doubt will be coming on again
at the next big big news coming out
Ellis Cashmore professor of sociology in
Aston University thanks for your take
today here on Rt my pleasure Daniel
