now Washington is facing a growing
backlash from the international
community over its plans to modernize
and diversify its nuclear arsenal both
Germany and China have now joined Russia
and Iran in condemning that initiative
or the US Defense Department published
its Nuclear Posture review just last
week it asserts that the u.s. sees its
nuclear weapons as a deterrent against
both nuclear and non-nuclear attacks the
document also claims that China Russia
and North Korea represent a unique and
complex threat to the US and its allies
but as mentioned some of Washington's
partners are raising concerns over the
program the decision by the US
government in favor of new tactical
nuclear weapons shows that the spiral of
a new nuclear arms race is already
underway as in the times of the Cold War
we in Europe are especially endangered
we hope that the United States will
abandon its Cold War mentality earnestly
assume it's special disarmament
responsibilities correctly understand
China strategic intentions and
objectively view China's national
defense military buildup and I spoke
earlier to international relations
analyst Victor Gow he says that nuclear
proliferation is making world a more
dangerous place the United States has
the largest defense budget in the world
larger than the next ten countries
military budget combined together if it
needs this as a defense measure is
completely inaccurate and is misleading
the whole world I think in the world we
live in today we need peace we need
stability we need development we need to
have responsible global the countries
like the United States for example
taking up their responsibility rather
than spending money more and more so on
developing and improving their nuclear
weapons which are eventually a major
threat and menace to world a peace and
stability
