hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the memo has come and gone but this
controversy is far from over the
political bias of the deep state has
been revealed and illegal activities
exposed who if anyone will be held
responsible
crosstalking the memo I'm joined by my
guest mark sloboda he's an international
affairs and security analyst we also
have Victor o Levesque he is a political
analyst as well as a leading expert at
the Center for actual politics and we
have dmitriyevich he is a political
analyst with Sputnik International
alright gentleman crosstalk rules in
fact that means you can jump in anytime
you want I always appreciated we're
gonna talk about this is kind of a
post-mortem here might be a very long
when depending on how events unfold here
let me just give real quickly for our
viewers here six takeaways most
important takeaways from the memo that
was recent released by the GOP regarding
a FISA warrant violation House
Intelligence Committee Hillary Clinton
and the DNC hired a foreign spy to
concoct a fait dossier on Trump the
Clinton campaign in the DNC gave fake
dossier to Obama DOJ and FBI the
Department of Justice and FBI knew that
the dossier was fake and politically
motivated the Department of Justice and
the FBI present fake dossier to FISA
Court to get Trump wiretap we're talking
about Carter page in this case the DOJ
and the FBI don't tell the FISA Court
that the dossier is fake and from
Trump's political opponent and the FISA
Court de frauded into ordering
wiretapping of the Trump campaign again
Carter page here this is Victor this is
devastating
okay devastating there is well six
smoking guns at the very least and from
what I understand this is I hate using
the term tip of the iceberg but what the
intelligence community made available
through the the White House was up
approximately 10% there's a lot of
underlying evidence that can be released
it was based on these six points look at
the irony of the situation the American
intelligence community accused Russia of
interfering in the election process in
the United States well in reality there
is not a single fact there is no base
there's no factual base for for saying
that at all Russia did not interfere in
American elections but the American
intelligence community with make those
accusations directly interfered
illegally unconstitutionally interfered
in the
and political process and this memo
outlines parts of that interference not
not all of it we know of other instances
of how they interfered and it shows how
what role the American intelligence
community is playing in the American
Society unconstitutional you know mark
what's really interesting to me when I
read the four pages plus the one and a
half pages are from the White House I
have to Pat us all on the back we
basically got it all right yeah
basically connected all of the dots
that's what I wanted to say is actually
there's very little new here yeah very
little
we have been saying a confirmation for a
long time it is a partial confirmation
because of course the Democrats the FBI
a whole host the former deep state
officials from the liar liar James
clapper on down came out and declared
that releasing this was a tack on
democracy attack on security national
security the heavens would fall well I
think the US was still there last time I
checked anyway after this you know but
you know daemon what the interesting
thing was and the flipside of what Mark
is saying is it you know it was a threat
to national security it's an affront to
our intelligence agency to law
enforcement we you know you see it used
to be the Liberals that used to be very
you know worried about law enforcement
everything's flipped over right now okay
but the interesting thing is immediately
after it was released I don't know if
anybody these liberals or CNN or MSNBC
actually read it but then they just said
it's nothing to see here move along how
could they within one news cycle it was
a threat to national security than move
along nothing to see here I think what
we should prevent from happening here is
this let's move on attitude prevail in
again because we understand where it
comes from
Trump is basically leading the same
policies now as Hillary Clinton and
Obama had been leading before Trump was
elected right he struck at Syria he
published this powerful Nuclear Posture
review right so he is basically moving
the country towards war moving humanity
towards destruction so now they are
pad to let it be you know I think they
want they're prepared to let it be for
very different reasons here Victor I
mean you you have you know the the
former director of the FBI I mean I
watched the hearings he perjured himself
repeatedly oh and and I'm sorry let's
make sure you know I wonder Mike Flynn
was he watching or did he read the memo
that Paul Manafort
read the memo to their indicted okay but
we have a whole cast of characters at
the DOJ in the FBI that perjured
themselves in front of committees under
oath what is Dima you can't you can't
walk away from that
diligence did it twice is James Comey
going to Twitter and proclaim
proclaiming himself a victim I like to
the victims of Joe McCarthy call me
Muller the Rosenstein these are the
loving descendants of the cherry on top
okay gentlemen okay
headline from the New York Times the
failing New York Times Trump's
unparalleled war on a pillar of society
law enforcement I mean this is Orwellian
I mean from what I read from those four
pages that they're the deep state is at
war with the democratically elected
government of President of the United
States that is the assault that's going
on right now this is so duplicitous it
is so hypocritical go ahead yeah one of
the biggest accusations is it's starting
to undermine Americans trust in their
intelligence community I don't agree to
all of you out there but I've been
doubting our intelligence community
since oh the Iraq war since the Gulf of
Tonkin before from the Libyan genocide I
you know I mean down to that
spanish-american war that needing ships
in fact if I could for a minute about
the foreign intelligence court that that
this memo deals with the whole reason
for setting up fights at the court was
to prevent the abuses that the American
intelligence community did in the 70s
and the 60s in the 50s so post post
watergate america decided to create this
act and what do we see now we see that
first of all let's go back to how this
court functions if we look at its record
of this court the vast majority almost
every secrets 99.3% ok this is a secret
court that hears secret arguments about
how our intelligence community wants to
spy on American citizens they approve
99.8% of cases brought against it no no
negligible oversight or Authority it's a
rubber-stamp secret court and they're
spying on American citizens and this is
they bring obviously fraudulent evidence
in front of it they look this is the
only thing but you're right but I mean
let's let's let's it's let's finish it
the threat here they're spying on
American citizens a citizen who is
working and for a political campaign for
a presidential candidate I mean this is
the this was the whole reason that the
FISA courts were put up to make sure
something like this would happen
and actually because of the way it was
set up we have Comey and we have the
rest of them they know how to go around
let's be perfectly clear about this they
know one of these people seriously
believe that Carter page or George
papadopolis these bumbling intern idiots
were Russian agents this was an attempt
to use their bumbling to get
intelligence wiretaps inside the Trump
campaign it's true but what I find
especially astonishing about this whole
story is that FISA warrant was based on
a story written by Michael Isikoff
on Yahoo yeah and Mike you get the story
from the lock this
facts to his fans from Christopher
Steele's so the story is that DNC
campaign pains pace Christopher steel so
that he would dig dirt on Trump like he
going to Moscow hotels meeting with
prostitutes they're sleeping on Obama's
former bad you know in a hotel then
Michael Isikoff takes an interview from
this guy and then Pfizer decides oh the
whole puzzle fits together there is a
conspiracy against the night that we do
also know that the FISA Court was not
made aware of the origins and the author
of this dossier okay also were not told
this article that was in Yahoo News you
know let the FISA Court just read
Michael eASIC of stories about Russia I
think we should the evidence was so
shabby
that they were in this rubber-stamped
Court we once said no had to be lied to
no get the world it's that bad it's that
bad we should stress this again this was
the evidence put forward to wiretap an
American citizen who was working for
Trump's campaign or had recently stopped
working in the case of Carter page that
when it was renewed that they not only
used this dodgy opposition research
tabloid scandal news from a foreign
spook that the US intelligence community
itself says has it minimal Carrabba
bility meeting it's it's complete you
know a horse water but to back it up
they used a yahoo news story that is
talking to the same people reference the
same document I mean the biggest shock
to most of us might be that Yahoo is
still out there
Michael Isikoff has a book coming on
this if he is going to have to do some
reward here is he wrote a number of
books on Russia on the Middle East you
know just read his stories on Russia and
the Midwest he is an extremely
unobjective journalist but I just loved
fights actually believed so FISA warrant
mentioned information on George
papadopolis which one
Papadopoulos told an Australian
deployment in a London bar that the
Mounties professor connected to Russia
Clinton well even Stalin's secret police
would not accept it you know like you
talk to someone in the London bar who
was from Malta and who reportedly had
connections really bad script Hollywood
sniff your gentleman we're gonna go to a
short break and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on the
memo stay with arty welcome back to
crosstalk we're all things for consider
I'm Peter lamella to remind you were
discussing the memo
alright gentleman's continuing with the
memo but I'm going to change a different
path here watching him MSNBC CNN they're
absolutely giving complete cover it I
saw one segment with Wolf Blitzer
talking I think it was to a congressman
and he kept talking about his his issue
was well why didn't you release at the
same time because the Democrats are
going to have one and finally the
congressman was quite polite he said
well can we talk about the contents of
the memo instead of the timing of a memo
we don't know much about because it
hasn't been completely written okay
this is the tactic again nothing to see
move along but they're giving cover to
it like I gave the New York Times title
right here they don't want to talk about
it a lot of people are talking about it
and it has amazing implications here the
the real potential criminality and there
is actual not just misuse of authority
here questions but there's a potential
criminality in if there was false
presentation of evidence to the Flies of
the secret courts when the FBI
investigation was requesting wiretaps on
Carter page that's the potential for
criminality but it has to be said of
course the Democrats the neo cons are
completely denying they say that things
are being taken out of context now they
put forward kind of a rebuttal memo
headed by Adam Schiff that's been
blocked by the Trump administration that
should not be blocked let's let's have
all of this out in there because it
isn't just like the GOP memo it was
scoured and it was checked okay the
Democrats haven't done their homework
there it should be put made public as
security it's all of the underlying
evidence which is clearly not any threat
to national security right as as as
indicated in this memo all the
underlying evidence should be
unclassified and made public and this is
where the hypocrisy of the Republicans
comes in because they just two weeks ago
renewed the same FISA power I came in
you know Republican right to give and
there was no discussion there was no
debate these powers to trump that the
Democrats say you know is a tyrant but
you know a despot so the Republicans
meanwhile are talking about the deep
state with you know of course is also a
threat but they don't have a problem
renewing the powers either so there's a
bit of hypocrisy on both sides here all
the evidence needs to be made available
to the public
okay Victor what about the mother
investigation I mean if this is you know
10% of the underlying and this is
cording to the GOP let's be fair what
does the Russia investigation have two
legs to stand on right and those who put
him in that place where he is right now
are dead-set only moving the elected
president of the United States and
they're going to try to do their best to
go through this and to to reach their
goal despite all the obstacles
paddywagon to pick up a lot of people
and is it from the fourth floor of the
FBI I mean there's a lot of people
involved right I mean one of the means
I'm asking this is it given the media
cover that the the deep state is being
given here I mean this is a growing
confrontation we have documentation
people under oaths in front of Congress
in during interviews have lied okay and
it can't stop right there we you know
Rosenstein is still sitting in his
office right now yes one has to wonder
what he's doing the entire history of
the FBI not a single director of that
agency not a single director of the CIA
of the NSA ever went to prison it's not
because they never abused power it's not
because they never committed crimes
according to the American Constitution
American criminal code well it's because
the power they exercised in the American
Society in the American political order
is so overwhelming that they essentially
above the law but it's been revealed
this time okay we we've seen behind the
curtain here you know Dima this is a
growing crisis here because
you know there's enough evidence here to
put a lot of doubt and this in let's be
clear here
I don't want to repeat the same mantra
that I keep here you know but the good
people at the FBI I'm not going to say
that cuz I don't know okay but the
interesting thing here this is really
again when we started out mark you know
at the end of the Obama administration
changing all of those regulations about
having access to classified information
unmasking and whatnot I mean this is
falling solely on the administration
that just left office okay the Obama
administration to all these people that
were talking about are his appointees
okay that this is coming to a head right
here I mean I may do a different with
Victor here I think this is an
opportunity for Trump not that I
necessarily like him very much but this
would be an opportunity for him to clean
house and he may have justification post
try rights about it they are not afraid
that people were actually lying on the
rolls they're afraid that President
Trump may wash out with Nick Sounion
ferocity at the Justice Department and
the FBI
well Nixon yeah you know we make it very
clear here you know something you know
the media does this it casts this
unbelievable shadow around the president
of the United Sates the president the
United States can fire anybody he wants
in the executive branch and he doesn't
need a reason he can do it the media has
been trying to deal it's atomized Trump
and his administration they have been
doing it every day every hour and every
minute of their coverage and they're
going to continue doing it until they
believe that they have reached their
goal but of course even Nancy Pelosi in
the last few days admitted that the
constitutional crisis is possible in the
very near future in the United States
because of the situation developing now
because it's said correctly it's a train
wreck we said who wasn't who said it was
a clapper you know there's six ways to
Sunday to get
okay yeah I mean these are this those
are that's a threat here and so we have
and we the DOJ and the FBI absolutely
have resources to defend themselves but
you know they're defending themselves
against the Constitution this is the
crisis that I'm talking about well of
course they see themselves as performing
a noble act I mean that's that Peter
struck all those messages to his
girlfriend yes very noble so the FBI
whose officials perjured themselves to
the FISA Court in order to to get
warrant the warrant approved then are
charging Carter Paige Papadopoulos with
lying about things that actually weren't
criminal to begin with but I think
there's there's two details on these
documents that really struck out at me
they're not you know pivotal towards
criminality but they speak to a wider
conspiracy one is Bruce ORS wife he is
the in deputy attorney general with
McKay she works for fuse in GPS and she
worked specifically on this dodgy
dossier this tabloid sheet presented to
the FBI and she continued contacts even
after all of this nonsense was over with
similarly Andrew McCabe who's whose name
is signatory on all these FISA documents
he is a the former FBI assistant
director who just resigned when all of
this came out in the last couple of
weeks his wife ran for office Virginia
State Senate as a Democrat getting
$700,000 Lyndon allies this is all of
course such ridiculous conflicts of
things to see there it does speak to a
wider sorry conspiracy yeah I like the
comment from the New York Times about
all of this the Republicans assertion
that investigators might have lied about
mr. Steele is potentially problematic
but this is nothing compared to a
constitutional crisis that may be
unleashed by the White House if it
decides to fire Muir or as now seems
likely deputy attorney
Rosen's in general so in speaking to the
FBI without a lawyer it was and wasn't
recorded it is what the memory of the of
the interrogators the New York Times
would never call that problematic so he
would have to be caught you know it was
similar to as a few were for example
accused of grand larceny you were
dragged into an interrogation and the
investigator would find out you had
nothing to do with that but in the
course of your interview you would say
that let's say last steerage that you
went to the supermarket to buy milk and
they checked your check from the
supermarket and said you bought orange
juice so you lied on the road yes and
make jury now well I mean I also like
the accusation against this new news
report that they cherry pick facts right
the fact that Obama in May 2016 promised
g7 leaders that Trump would not become
the president of the United States this
elephant is the room in the room is
never mentioned right the fact that 95%
of the mainstream media supported
Hillary Clinton is never one of the
things maybe that we need to find out in
the rest of the 90 percent here is the
lead the importance of these FISA
warrants are such a level of importance
that one has to assume that the
President of the United States was aware
during his briefings in the morning I
think we're gonna find that out if he
was aware of this here on the on the
back end of what you were just saying
they'll go ahead and my prize of the
week goes to John McCain John McCain in
it out of the most desperate of all the
desperate attempts to try to wash over
this to try to discredit the memo he
said there's only one person that
benefits from this memo and we can say
it in unison you have a lot of air
poutine you win you win the Neo McCarthy
I prize of the week give me the last
words
Buchanan speaking in the American Servat
if I think some the whole thing up very
well this is from the American
Conservative former US presidential
candidate Patrick Buchanan Trump haters
in the press maybe
terrified that the memo may credibly
demonstrate that the pleura bulls were
right that the elite media have been had
that they were exploited and used by the
deep state that they let their
detestation of Trump so blind them to
reality but they made fools of
themselves and they credited with high
nobility a major conspiracy to overthrow
an elected president of the United and
despite all that came out in last few
days the deep state and Robert Mueller
and others they will not stop they will
attempt to go on they will try to go on
and accomplish their goal of removing an
elective the American president it's not
gonna be pretty
it's good to be this is a dangerous time
to be living here I have you this
situation like from a bird's life right
I think that the deep state and in
general you know this outer liberal
ideology which is ruling the United
States
if Trump approves the Nuclear Posture if
he moves towards a nuclear war if he is
good I'm gonna jump in there run out of
time many thanks and I guess here in
Moscow and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here RT this is the end of
our broadcast segment stay with us for
the extended version on our YouTube
channel
see you next time and remember caustic
walls
okay welcome to our extended version of
our program where we talk about
political potpourri mark what's on your
mind Turkey and Syria I mean that that's
always forefront of mind in in in the
last few hours before coming to the show
we have seen a Russian fighter pilot
su-25 pilot shut down he was a Crimean
Russian he had originally served in the
Ukrainian Air Force and when the West
back pushed overthrew the Ukrainian
government he defected served in the
Russian Air Force he's from simferopol
my wife's hometown he was shot down and
then killed on the ground by Turkish
back jihadis and these are the same
jihadis the same Turkish back she
hotties that this week in Afrin while
attacking the Kurds they committed
atrocities you know and even Western
mainstream writers who are pro or or
shall we say anti-assad from the
beginning are talking that the the
Aragon obviously intends on ethnic
cleansing Afrin and and pretty much all
of North Syria a female Kurdish fighter
was captured she was raped her breasts
were cut off she was dragged behind of a
truck then the Turkish backed jihadis
that did this we're talking over her
body about how beautiful she was and
they filmed themselves doing this
because they think it's good propaganda
this is the type of these are the
irregular right that the Turkish
military is inserting into Afrin kenton
right now and they are a serious problem
al-qaeda officially claimed credit for
shooting down this fighter that same al
Qaeda the turkey is now according to the
mainstream press doing joint patrols
with Enid Lib they're in complete
control available and these but the
actual group under the al Qaeda umbrella
was formerly backed by Obama's CIA and
given advanced weapons we know they were
given advanced to weapons were they also
given
aircraft I don't think it's hard to
figure out where they got those weapons
from look the situation in Syria is
complex and of course there are many
players at this point the Kurds are
being supported by the United States the
Kurds in Afrin they have never been
backed by the United States well
actually at all Java the leftist Kurds
have been backed by the United States
it's it's it's a pro-american project
that is also backed by Israeli interests
and of course Russia is not interested
in any carnage there Russia is not
interested in any violence there but
Turkey Iran and Iran are playing an
important role in calming the situation
in Syria they are playing an important
role in in pacifying Syria in making
sure yes it's a complex issue yes there
are groups that are loyal to different
countries stay with a straight face that
turkey is calming the situation in Syria
they evaded the country again they're
bombing Syrian cities they're openly
collaborating with al-qaeda how is that
stabilizing the situation in Syria well
first of all those parts of Syria like
Efrain where the Turkish forces are
acting they are acting against those
Kurdish interests that are aligned with
the United States in fact those who have
been fighting the same jihadis that the
Syrian military and Russia have been
fighting they are first and foremost
trying to fight the Syrian government
they have never fought the series first
and foremost they're interested in in
have their own agenda is not aligned
with Damascus okay there may be some
points of overlap someplace there's
aligned with Washington well that's for
sure well I think I can kind of
summarize it by saying that the group
that actually shot down the plane
Jeff al-nusrah is is a jihadist group
and I'm sure this will be investigated
and the Russian military just won't let
it be you know they were looking at the
general situation I mean in the Cold War
during the Cold War the US allies didn't
fight each other and you know there was
this same from Margaret Thatcher two
democracies never fight each other
our allies neither fight each other
right okay in the last few months we
have seen turkey basically fighting the
american-backed Kurds we have seen the
Polish and the Ukrainian Parliament's
actually been in each other's ideologies
you know what happened this week was
that the Polish Parliament passed a bill
that makes it illegal to deny the
massacre of poles by the Ukrainian
insurgent army and and and penalize us
during the Second World War penalize us
any any praise for the Ukrainian
insurgent army the problem is that the
Ukrainian both democracy yes the problem
is that in Ukraine the Parliament about
two years ago passed a bill that makes
it illegal to criticize the Ukrainian
insurgent army the same people who
killed the poles so we have the two
allies of the United States and of the
European Union outlaw in each other's
ideologies and when you ask them who is
your enemy
they both say Russia liberal democracy
is a misnomer of the first two I don't
believe that the United States is a
democracy anymore okay I mean
democracy's a facade what are the things
I was saying about this you know and in
you know Americans look at democracy is
a secre secular religion for the rest of
the world it's a process okay and so
this is one of the problems here we and
cross talk a few days ago we had a
Turkish guest and he said a very nice
gentleman but he said you know America's
president's military presence and in in
Syria would promote liberal values which
I was really you know I might want to be
polite but I mean militaries don't
usually do that kind of thing
bottom lids with drones and you know and
you March 31 flavors of jihad incredible
Democratic successes in Iraq Libya and
Afghanistan
well let me how can you refute that
liberal insertion of values you can have
Libya will happen one of these new
studies here Libyan democracy studies
you know the US ambassador after this
week the United States Department of
Treasury published the list over
Buddhism a dimension of the American
ambassador went around the top Russian
you're talking about the Kremlin list
exactly so the American ambassador John
Hoffman went around the top Russian
people like the head of their Duma the
head of the Federation Council saying
don't take this list too seriously don't
overdramatize it but sorry you know the
Russian Prime Minister they're the top
of the Russian government all the top
Russian businessman are in this list and
they should not worry about it the list
is inside the law which is called
countering Americas in adversaries with
sanctions Act it's not cold
teasing America's friends with idiotic
because several of the people who have
been on real American sanctions lists
and the European sanctions list for four
years now the head of the Foreign
Intelligence Service of Russia has been
invited to Washington and met with the
head of the Federal Security Service
portico was also in Washington also was
in Washington last week to meet with the
head of the American intelligence there
to deliver orders right so they got
exceptions from the sanctions this
non-sanctioned sanctions list right it's
meant to comply with this countering
American adversaries act that Congress
tried to dictate foreign policy over
Trump in order to ruin any possible they
taunt with Russia
it's not actually a sanctions list it's
simply the trumpet rose not to actually
imply sanctions so it's just as supposed
to smear them it identifies a number of
Russian officials and what they call
Russian oligarchs as being close to
Putin and tries to smear them and
prevent them from doing business in the
West this way this reforms lit this list
is for portion was cut and pasted from
the Russian Romanian website in English
and the bitch the oligarchs are just
simply a rehashing of Forbes list of
successful business billionaires well
when they when when the word oligarch is
used considering successful Russian
businessmen will we look at the American
successful American business George are
they in italics his Trump Phillips is
Trump himself not an oligarch you a very
easy solution to this problem you know
if you follow the ultra liberal ideology
if you support the policy of the United
States then you are a tycoon if you ever
object with your inaudible Napoli
mustache but but but the funny thing
about this oligarchs list is that they
included there a guy Yuri Shaffer who
doesn't live in Russia who actually it
is a longer who is actually wanted by
the Russian justice because he produces
counterfeit vodka in Latvia he lives in
London for many years now but he is
declared the power Google's war machine
when it says history about help the the
rich Russians in Britain now we're gonna
have to know where the money went
actually there's another process that's
going on right now a number of Russian
successful Russian businessmen who have
fled Russia because of criminal yes who
now live in London and some other but
they're you know but they were
persecuted by
they're asking this actually instinct
Russia to let them come back and take
the charges least if you refer that
vodka magnate wanted by Russian justice
if he is a part of Putin's war machine
then I can only seem we are all part of
Putin's war machine while the Western
press are all salivating on the idea
that they're Russian businessmen the
oligarchs will turn on Putin because
they want to do business with the West
and they'll overthrow the government
right what the Russian people are
actually saying to the west over these
non sanctions sanctions and this latest
British movies thank you we we wanted
our wealth repatriated out of these
Western taxes you know the London is
basically an illegal tax haven it's a
big pirate haven for wealth from around
the world we wanted our money
repatriated you are helping the Kremlin
to reverse these new zeeland Smith
pressure them scare them into repaid -
well that was well thought out as usual
last month the main thing that these
types of sanctions are sanctions are
accomplishing is further consolidating
if you if you look at the people on the
latest from all walks of life the
American government particularly know
but it's it's the Americas democracy is
making Russia great again all right
gentlemen that's all the time we had to
our audience here we hope you enjoyed
this extended version of our program and
we'll see you next week remember
crosstalk rules
