a test case in England may be about to
make historic changes to the rights of
parents in the country let's go through
it now the unprecedented situation could
reverse previous requirements for a
mother to be registered in every birth
certificate not at the center of the
legal battle is a single parent who was
born a woman but now lives as a man
after undergoing surgery he wants to be
identified as the father or parent and
says that not being allowed to do so
violates his human right to privacy and
family life English law however states
he must appear as the biological mother
on the birth certificate and all that is
preventing him from receiving state
benefits well while this is a unique
case in England since 2016 the u.s.
state of California has given parents
the choice between mother father or
parent you know that's according to
personal preference of course well the
debates have been thick and fast on this
we got the views of political
commentator David Vance on first LGBT
campaigner Peter Tatchell the question
this case raises is who should be on the
birth certificate should it necessarily
be mother or father or could it just be
parent I think that it's not really
important for legal reasons or any other
practical reason why has to be a mother
Peter's just said this let's remove
mother from the birth certificate and
replace it with something more more
nonspecific such as parent but mothers
give birth to kids sorry
spoiler alert that's how it's been
that's how is always going to be and no
amount of debate are gonna change that
biological fact why not just be make a
reasonable accommodation in the small
number of cases to acknowledge this
person of the parents or the child will
know that this person is their parent
legally as well as in reality this child
would become the first child in the
history of this country and I believe
anywhere else who on their birth
certificate the word mother is missing
so just consider this for a moment can
you
imagine the cycle um psychological
damage that this would impact that child
you know the child will probably find it
different and unusual but as we have
seen with same-sex parents children get
a handle on things pretty quickly love
is about you know a parent's commitment
and care for a child what's on the birth
certificate really doesn't affect that
love and commitment in those instance
that you that you've mentioned for
same-sex couples regardless of the the
the configuration the child was always
born to a woman simple biological fact
you know what I mean that's not being
judgmental it's being it's being a
foundational fact that we must not be we
must not run away from just because it
might hurt some people's feelings there
have been some trans men in a similar
situation have given birth and they have
accepted that they should be named as
the mother so this case is unique and
it's different but I think the number of
instances that will be involved in a
similar circumstance is so so tiny we
should not get heads up about us and we
should just make the accommodation but I
Peter Peter Peter the law is not based
on on exceptions the law must apply to
all you just can't operate it the way
that you'd like to so the fact of the
matter is that this child was born to a
woman and therefore the birth
certificate should reasonably reflect
that reality
you
