a court in a small German town has
banned the Muslim call to prayer from
its local mosque that's after an elderly
couple complained but not just about the
noise it's a kind of vocal chant in a
tone that has a disturbing effect on us
but we are mainly concerned with the
content of the call
this puts Allah above our God of
Christians and as a Christian who grew
up here in a Christian environment I
can't accept that the mosque was forced
to stop its call to prayer after a
complaint in 2015 however the court only
came to its final decision a matter of
days ago and it could still be appealed
we went to the town in West Germany to
hear how residents feel about the move
the ban in general isn't acceptable at
the time the court examined whether the
noise was audible from a distance to
those not listening for it the people
here said it wasn't impossible to hear
it for me it's quite separate from the
issue of religion I'm very much for
religious freedom but the people who
live around there are certainly affected
if the cries call out loudly in the area
as they always do also there are quite a
lot of mosques I don't know exactly how
many mosques there are in Elkin Street
in total but I think there are enough we
also got reaction to the band from a
number of experts I think is of course a
mosque as kin can discuss the thing
making the noise a little bit less
discussing with the neighbors and and
then themselves say that we're not going
to do it but just asking the low and the
the society to forbid it this is a thing
I think mr. green doesn't know that
Europe has a history not only of
Christian and Jews but there are also
history of Muslims the Muslims were in
Spain longer than the Catholics who have
Bosnians where the Turks in Europe so
this is a place where a lot of people
believers non-believers those with face
loss no faiths live the United Kingdom
and virtually the whole of Europe is
founded on on the Bible as as and the
Lord Jesus Christ as the absolute
foundation of our way of life
and and to bring in a foreign gods such
as such as the God of Islam is what this
is really all about and it's about the
the spread of Islam over Europe and and
Islam's attempt at dominance and it and
it always has been an expansionist
religion from when it started them
macness nobody say you know every
religion is but but is that makes no
bones about it and you know and that is
why it has to be another way the
Islamophobic thinking mr. green is doing
still self celebrating the kickoff of
Muslims in Spain you know in Austria
there their faith is the Islamic faith
was recognized since nineteen to more
than one hundred and and more than 100
years is recognized by the Empire as
official faith religion the idea that
there's religious freedom in Muslim
countries is complete rubbish and even
allowed to have a Bible in Saudi Arabia
for instance and Christians are
persecuted in Egypt in Pakistan in in in
Malaysia in Mauritania any Muslim users
will find that the Christians are
persecuted there and and so the the
argument falls flat we are being
actually and the victims of our own
tolerance in Europe
no that's true or not so true even there
the Indonesian ambassador his that this
is the largest Muslim countries a
Christian who is here even in Nigeria
there was a Christian president if you
go to Dubai if you go to Qatar if you go
to Kuwait if you go to oh man
if you go to all these Arab countries if
you go even to to Malaysia and and even
so that's really rubbish to say it's not
allowed to have a Bible there is no
churches
