police in northern France have made a
dawn raid on a Muslim club suspected of
extremist activity let's go live now to
Charlotte Dubinski who's in Paris for a
charlotte what are we learning about
this swoop well we know that this took
place near the port city of Dunkirk it
took place in what's described as being
a cultural center called the centre
Zahra which is near that port city of
Dunkirk now we understand that under the
cover of darkness it's 6 a.m. local time
here in France a huge police operation
went under way now it targeted the
centre and it also targeted the homes of
12 of the main leaders of that so-called
cultural center
we understand that 200 police were
involved in that operation gives you a
sense of how big the scale was of that
operation today and we understand 11
individuals have been detained as a
result of that operation including three
who are now in custody for the
possession of illegally possessing
firearms now we also understand that the
funds of the Association which is a Shia
Association have now been frozen for six
months this is what the local Prefecture
in France had to say about that
operation the activities of central
Zahra France under particularly close
watch given its leaders clear support
for several terrorist organizations and
movements exposing ideas contrary to
french republican values well what do we
know about this so-called cultural
organization in the north of France or
we understand that it was established
back in 2005 and its main aim was to
probe the spread of Islam
now it's also been suspected of having
Pro yzma is Lamas
militant links and we understand that
the site's prayer room has been closed
down as a result of this operation on
Tuesday now France as we know has been
under high alert since 2015 for the
threat of terror that's when there were
several attacks in the country claiming
the lives of 200
and forty-six individuals and over the
last few years there have been many
terror raids like this taking place
across the country just almost a year
ago in November 2017 there were nine
arrests as a result of a terror raid in
the September before that there were two
arrests near Paris where explosives were
found all the materials to make
explosives and also back in July in 2017
they were five arrested after a series
of raids across northern France and in
Belgium
