the US city of Baltimore will introduce
a ceasefire this weekend it's aimed at
tackling record high murder rates and
stopping a spate of killings
it's the third ceasefire of its kind it
comes as members of the police unit in
the city are on trial that's one of
America's biggest corruption scandals
artis Samira Khan has been following it
all this weekend activists are calling
for a 72-hour ceasefire asking for a
weekend without any violence whatsoever
this is a third event of its kind in the
last six months but these ceasefire
weekend's began in August when
Baltimore's homicide rate reached a
record high last year with 343 murders
the highest in the US people all around
the city make commitments to just be
peaceful and not be violent for three
days and to celebrate life and do
life-affirming events so there are
events all over the city we just start
with a weekend and we keep at it until
we see a weekend of no homicides the
rise is partly attributed to a drastic
drop in arrests made by the gun Trace
task force which is now dissolved as
most of its members are on trial but
there's been some damage control
authorities have replaced its police
commissioner Baltimore Police
Commissioner Kevin Davis was fired the
notice shook many this morning as mayor
Catherine Pugh pushed out a press
release at 8 o'clock this morning I'm
impatient we need violence reduction we
need the numbers to go down faster than
they are however his appointment came as
somewhat of a shock his name almost
instantly brought back memories of
police shootings back in 1995
nevertheless the new Commissioner came
out guns blazing with a bunch of reforms
including predictive policing a computer
system that can estimate the date place
and even the possible perpetrator of a
crime that's yet to be committed he's
planning to install more surveillance
cameras and deploy more patrols to
troubled districts but stepping up
surveillance doesn't really sound like a
new plan even the Department of Justice
advised against it Baltimore law
enforcement's widespread
unconstitutional and discriminatory
policing has exacerbated community
distrust of the police particularly in
the african-american community as court
hearings continue here in Baltimore many
fear that there could be a problem much
greater than one rogue unit and some of
the latest testimonies Jenkins
the end
officer told me he had hand-picked the
gun trace task force to be a front for a
criminal enterprise he also said there
were officers from other units working
with him Baltimore police provided
security for Jenkins when he met with
the drug supplier from New York despite
efforts to reform the system it seems
that every testimony undermines citizens
trust in law enforcement and there are
still weeks of trials to come Samir Khan
RT reporting from Baltimore
