the US Defense Department published its
Nuclear Posture review on Friday
outlining America's nuclear strategy
apart from strengthening US nuclear
capability the doctrine takes a
seemingly tougher stance on China Russia
and North Korea claiming these states
represent a unique and complex threat
the review also points out that the
United States would not hesitate to
respond to a non-nuclear attack using
nuclear weapons Russia's ambassador to
the US has given us his reaction in
order to justify the increase in
military spending and a growth in its
nuclear capabilities America has come up
with a scare story about Russia we
understand that the idea is aimed at
boosting the military budget with
trillions of dollars the vast majority
of the new nuclear review is word for
further from the Obama administration
however the underlying tone of it is a
throwback to the Cold War what President
Trump declared in his State of the Union
address was that we need to ramp up our
nuclear capability and make us so strong
that nobody would be even willing to you
know engage in or even try and engage
with the United States because we have a
strong nuclear arsenal that actually is
it's really dangerous thinking and it's
almost like into amateur hour it's a
little bit of everything sure it's a
throwback to some of the Cold War more
explicit nuclear threats between the US
and Russia and in between the US and
other adversaries namely China and North
Korea but it's also a continuation of US
nuclear policy from past decades this is
not that much different than what
President Obama had in his Nuclear
Posture review in 2010 this is more
aggressive it does lower the threshold
for possible nuclear weapons use and it
calls for additional unnecessary types
of nuclear weapons but in general this
is much of this is the status quo
