Israel has been called a beacon of light
and hope in the Middle East by the UK's
defense secretary Gavin Williamson also
stressed that Israel has a friend for
life in Britain an associate Jonah has
been asking Londoners if they agree if
you were the UK's defense secretary
which country would you call it because
of light and open Middle East
Jordan beautiful light under hope Egypt
definitely not the US and put it this
way I suppose I would think of Lebanon
as where Christians and Muslims appear
to work out a way of living together in
sharing political power Iraq perhaps he
was talking about Israel Oh Israel no
and if y'all don't agree because of the
Palestinian troubles I don't subscribe
to that they're not very good at
adapting to other people I think it's
just going to harm a two-state solution
but do you think Israel is a beacon of
light yes because they have the
technology I think it is I think it is
and let's hope for the best
he's also said that Britain is going to
remain one of the closest and best
friends to Israel so what's your take on
that
I'm sure we will but we like to be
friends with everybody if we can
