hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
turkeys decision to invade northern
Syria has foreign policy implications
far beyond the Middle East what our
anchors objectives in Syria and the
region does it facilitate or hinder a
final peace settlement to Syria's proxy
Civil War and what is Turkey's future in
a toe
cross knocking Turkey and Syria I'm
joined by my guest Sami Ramadani in
London he's a contributor on Iraq and
the Middle East for the Guardian as well
as a senior lecturer in sociology in
Oxford we have Dan Glazebrook he is an
independent political analyst and author
of divide in ruin the West Imperial
strategy in the age of crisis and in
Istanbul we cross to changies tomar he
is dean of political sciences and
Marmara University all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in anytime you want I always
appreciate it
jakey's in Istanbul let me go to you
first here this very simply what is
turkey's aims what its its strategic
goals in Syria over since the incursion
into northern Syria can you give us you
know two or three major points what
Turkey wants to achieve actually three
points very clear the first of all
turkey wants to get rid of this pitaka
we can say a branch of Syria this is we
we call it y PG or PYD this is the first
and the most crucial strategic point for
Turkey secondly after cleaning this area
to put some Syrian immigrants you know
we have three and a half million Syrian
immigrants in Turkey to put them some of
them to create some kind of buffer zone
between Turkey and Syria or Iraq and we
can say his safe zone in Syria and also
I think this is my prediction that
Turkey wants to be how can I say it's
after the political table like psycho
like Geneva or Sochi or Astana whatever
you call it it wants to be there on the
table
with a good you know card so that's why
any of these three reasons more
strategic
cocaine's of Turkey emergency okay but I
have to I have to point out that you
didn't say the word Kurds once okay and
that's really what it's all about here
you know Sammy I'll be really honestly I
can understand turkeys position okay I
do understand it I don't necessarily
agree with it but I will tell you
something Sammy I understand the
position of all the major players when
it comes to Syria except for one country
the United States I don't understand
what it is doing in Syria I mean what
we're all told is that you know the
sacred cow NATO must be preserved but US
policy is driving a huge wedge between
the two countries that have the largest
military in NATO I mean who's making
this policy in the US well for the
United States in Syria most of the proxy
forces that they relied upon have been
either defeated or on the way of being
defeated in Syria what entrenched or
increase their presence in Syria
is this dramatic development of gaining
the YPG practically really unfortunately
I'm very sadly for from my point of view
that the YPG the Kurdish group has
decided to make an alliance when the
United States big mistake judge Major
General right they could you know the
Raymond ya the Kurds always may choose
the wrong side I mean historically they
do this and they have done it again dan
okay Dan and Dan let me go to you me
what I mean what is the possibility that
we're going to see Turkish and US forces
go head-to-head because the u.s. seems
to and it seems to me it's a policy of
spite
it is a spoiler it wants to it lost the
war Assad still there and it wants to
spite the Russians and the Iranians but
that's really childish thinking when you
think about it go ahead Dan yeah it's a
spoiler but IIIi don't agree that
there's this collision course
necessarily on the on the cars between
Ankara and Washington I mean from
Washington's point of view the thing is
they weren't there their goal is to just
weaken and preferably destroy any
independent force in the global South
first but that's the big strategy right
and so they that includes the Syrian
state
and frankly that includes a potentially
independent strong Kurdish force Ana
includes Turkey so if they see the Turks
and the YPG tearing themselves apart
that's that that that fits okay into
into the u.s. game plan and if they're
doing in the Syria inside Syria all the
better so I don't see this as so odds
with Washington's strategy okay they
made this announcement they wanted a
border force and it's put the spoiler on
on that but there's there's many ways to
to destroy a country's not many ways to
build up a country but in many ways to
destroy so I guess what you're saying
there is a method there's a method to
their madness go ahead jump in an
example go ahead go ahead
okay because I would like to add
something about American policy we in
our in Turkey as you know government and
people mostly think that I make a try to
create a satellite Kurdish zone between
in Turkey in Syria and Iraq in order to
you know in order to use this policy to
educate Turks Persians and Arabs and
also it is good for Israel to be a
created a satellite not independent
dependent to United States create a zone
that is perfect for America and most of
people in Turkey most of interpreters
and all you know columnist they think
that we have some you know yeah America
has something like that as a project to
create code is also okay so the United
States so the u.s. is exporting
democracy in you know in liberalism oh I
I'm sorry it's a nice it's a fairy tale
but it's not for divorce go ahead Dan go
ahead it might have wanted to create it
might have wanted to create a little
basically Syrian Kosovo of YPG areas in
in in Syria and lead to a effective
partition and it was actually not so
much the announcement the border force
but the announcement that the two
thousand US troops the announcement by
Tillison that the two thousand US troops
were basically gonna stay there
effectively permanently I mean the wish
list of what you wanted to achieve was
made it effective
and then we're not gonna achieve any of
those things anytime soon so that was
what really told the Turks look they're
basically going to stay a US air power
and on the ground presence is going to
establish basically an independent state
within a state and of course they could
abide that but as I say okay so that
partition was one possible way to
destroy the Syrian state but but but but
the Kurds and Turks destroyed of
destroying each other is another way to
achieve frankly similar goals of the
destruction of Syria and the weakening
of the Kurds
go ahead Sammy champion its point of the
program yeah just just one other issue I
think which needs mentioning is that
Turkey itself unfortunately took takes
quite a bit of the blame for the
destruction in Syria for the support and
backing for terrorist groups inside
Syria it's it's only conflict has been
with the with the with in Syria and in
recent times is with the Kurds of of
Syria and they got frightened because
the United States backing started
backing the YPG and arming it but really
Turkey should also shoulder quite a lot
of the responsibility for the mayhem
that has unfolded in both Syria and in
Iraq by the way where they still have
some forces inside Iraq as well and
their policy towards the Kurdish people
over many decades has been really bad it
must be mentioned that the Kurdish
people have suffered enormous Lee from
successive Turkish regimes tens of
thousands of Kurds have died inside
Turkey and this so-called cleansing
inside Syria turkeys as in effect
committing aggression against a
sovereign state the Syrian state which
has objected officially to the entry of
Turkish troops so there are
ramifications here and there is another
point I wanted to raise bitter is that
there is some genuine friction between
Turkey and the United States since the
coup attempt last year which seems to
have had u.s. support overthrow Aragon
chingy's go ahead in Istanbul jump in
yes
yeah actually you know it's an in Turkey
you know something like 40 years we have
kurdish problems but this is not really
really kurdish problems turkey was
against not the kurdish people and
kurdish people live you know in in a
very good standards according to if you
compare with other countries such as
Syria Iraq and Iran but the the PKK
guerrillas you know or terrorist groups
Turkish one of the big problems and they
they are the main cause to kill Kurdish
people even this PKK this is a Kurdish
they claim that the Scottish
independence group they kill a lot of
Kurds in Turkey and also Church as well
you know and Turkey is as a state it has
no problem with Kurdish citizens in
Turkey they live peacefully and more
democratically than Syria Iraq and Iran
if we come to Syrian issue issue in the
beginning Turkey with United States and
with European allies in order to support
you know freedom against Bashar Assad
regime but after after 2013 let me jump
in you go to the end before we go to the
break here I mean but at the same time
you know you know outside powers that's
why I say proxy civil war because this
is from the outside okay
I mean I'm bringing democracy to Syria
is the last thing this has all been
about okay it's been arming jihadists to
overthrow a legitimate government that
okay go ahead the end before we go to
the break yeah I mean I agree with what
you say and I just wanted to comment on
on what Sammy was saying there is
friction between between the US and
Turkey and I would say that predates the
coup attempt actually in fact really it
goes back to the downing of the Russian
plane I would read that you've seen
obviously correctly as a low point
russian-turkish relations but I see that
really as a last ditch day to let me
join we're gonna go to a short break say
are you we're gonna go to a short break
and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on Turkey and
Syria stay with our team welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter Lebel to remind you
were discussing Turkey and Syria
okay let me go back to Dan in Oxford I
hate going to hard breaks like that but
it happens okay so I'm gonna go let you
finish your point here with the proviso
here I'm really glad we went to this
point in talking about us turkey
relations because in the foreign policy
blob sphere in Washington the great
swamp of America I mean there's plenty
of people that are writing off turkey
completely saying even we don't need
them in NATO I mean there and this is in
the National Security Council this is in
the State Department Defense Department
I mean there's a raging debate going on
in the intelligence community as well is
how important they want because this is
what it gets down to they it's who's
calling whose Bluff and I hate that okay
because everybody's got arms okay what
what is going on in Turkey US relations
this is what's really key here Dan
please keep going yeah so so after the
downing of the other of the Russian jet
Turkey was hoping that this would force
somehow the u.s. to actually come good
on what they had seen as the u.s.
promises to to make to make this regime
change happen turkey at huge cost to
itself had allowed itself to be the
spearhead of this Western Imperial
regime change policy in in in Syria and
it seemed to be doing so with very
little actual you know help from from
from the West in doing so so it really
wanted to force the u.s. to put the
cards on the table that help wasn't
forthcoming so at that point it thought
okay they're not serious let we're gonna
have to basically do something else cut
some kind of deal or think again and and
it's interesting and no coincidence I
think that a month before the coup
attempt was when does the famous phone
call between Putin and other one and and
they and an old one began to make noises
about perhaps Assad has some sort of bit
longer future than we did first thought
and a relation began to improve that was
when the coup attempt happened so the
u.s. is very worried it is bluffing that
it can do without Turkey and NATO is
very worried about losing and losing
turkey Turk is very angry at us I
haven't been used and abused for its
regime change project but I think
turkeys in a perhaps walking into fallen
into a trap here walked into a trap
because at the same time as I don't
think the US is particularly that
troubled by what's happening in
Syria right now and one is happy to see
Turkish Turk Turkey weakened because it
caused it operation olive branch I think
operation birch tree will be a better
name because turkey is really beating
itself
he is weakening itself at the same time
is weakening the Kurds and it's really
once again helping to facilitate u.s.
strategy at no benefit to herself yeah
you know it's Sammy you know I talked
about that because you know I I keep
reading from the foreign policy blobs
here you know that Turkey's has to
choose between Moscow and watch and I
don't I don't buy that at all as a
matter of fact because NATO has no
useful value whatsoever Turkey is is
coming into its own now it may be
walking into a trap but it's it's coming
into its own as a regional player
dealing with other countries and we we
have this constellation where we have a
Baghdad Damascus a Beirut all of them
are on the same page it doesn't happen
very often and Turkey is getting into
the parlay here I mean this this is
something that I think is really
interesting not I worry about Turkey
because I really did like you know the
no problem is foreign policy well it has
a lot of problems right now
but it's this kind of a a major paradigm
shift Sam I mean and in the region with
what's going on with Turkey it's
possible I think it all depends on
whether the United States is going to
dig its heels and manbij and and other
areas where there are US troops
patrolling the streets alongside YPG
forces now this is where the main
conflict is between Turkey and the
United States I do not think Turkey will
retreat on the question I agree and the
United States is in an in essence in a
lose-lose situation I slightly differ
from Dan there that the United States is
losing in Iraq is losing in Syria and
they are in a fix because they either
send more troops which they are loath to
do but because they would like to rely
on proxy forces after their debacles and
Afghan
stan and iraq they started using proxy
forces whether in libya syria iraq and
so on and in syria they found a golden
opportunity with about forty thousand
YPG fire fighters whom the general of
the Special Forces of the United States
general Raymond Thomas Raymond or
Raymond Thomas he himself called them a
proxy force but if turkey is going to go
all out to prevent the emergence of such
a Kurdish Enclave backed by the United
States then we are looking at a serious
contradiction between the United States
and Turkey and I think ultimately is the
United States which will retreat on that
one otherwise they will lose yeah but
they tend to take everybody down with
them before they leave changies let me
go to you
I mean how important is all of this to
the Turkish president because he's
invested a lot in Syria and he's gotten
very little in return I think Dan is
spot on
he was egged on by the u.s. in the u.s.
basically folded I mean what are the
political repercussions for the
President or the one if he doesn't get
what he wants
go ahead actually yes and now you know
it's after a year we have very important
elections in Turkey presidency and this
is the first time in 2019 and then
before that I think to Turkey try to
finish or wrap up a Syrian issue with
that with some kids you know in the
beginning we started with the United
States and European allies and then they
left us with Russia and Iran in the
region now after 2000 2015 Turkey
started a new strategy on his own
sometimes with the help of Russia and
Iran in Syrian issue we have basically
three you know euro Fiat shield and then
each leap and then this olive branch
operations these are really important
operations in for Turkey and I think
Turkish people
supporting these kind of operations and
after that the the turn will come to man
which I think this is the man which is
most crucial area between Turkey and
United States because an American army
is there if Kirkuk goes further to
manage it maybe it might be problem for
Turkey this is I think a most crucial
thing up to now but for is only branch
operation I think no problem with United
States United States that does not
interfere this operation but if the
turkey goes further to manage it will be
a problematic for the region and maybe a
turkey and nuts that will be had to head
in that area well they resident Iran has
support in Turkey yeah well that's why I
keep saying who is bluffing whom here
you know Dan also the again the the the
one consume eyes and if you look at the
long bad blood between Iran and the
United States it's one of the reasons
why the United States wants to keep a
footprint there you know it's it really
is quite amazing they're doing the
bidding of Riyadh and Tel Aviv all the
time because there is now absolutely no
strategic interest of the United States
or there anyone in the European Union
about Syria and I think that's what
backs it all up and it's always
misguided the more they listen to Riyadh
into Tel Aviv that the opposite happens
Iran's influence continues to expand
when are they going to learn go ahead
Dan yeah that's true Iran has has in
some ways benefited from the disasters
wreaked on the Middle East by the u.s.
in the last few decades but I would
completely disagree that Europe and the
US have no interest in in containing
Iran or destroying Syria the u.s.
certainly does and the West in general
and especially Britain in the USA do are
very concerned to as I said as I said
right the outset to destroy any
independent or potentially independent
force in the global south of
Israel and Saudi Arabia are the Bulldogs
if you like of Western power in the
Middle East the watchdog's keeping that
area basically under the domination of
the United States and Britain so I don't
I don't buy into this idea of saying oh
that the US are doing the bidding of Tel
Aviv and and Riyadh that they're part of
the same the same program of maintaining
Middle East under Western domination
maintaining the global oil production
and on the levels that they want it the
price they want it in the being sold in
the currency that they want in the
dollar and so on it I don't see these
accessories I think you bring up very
interesting points stand and and I don't
necessarily disagree with them but Sami
you know going back to what I said
earlier if we can just start and it's
not arbitrary 2003 and go all the way up
to the present every single strategic
initiative the United States and its
allies have initiated in the in the
Middle East have failed and there's been
only blowback okay I mean this
ridiculous policy that Tillerson
announced that anyone that sends aid to
Syria will face sanctions I mean that is
you know what what they want to do is
they just want to keep and I'm now I'm
going to agree with Dan here is this to
keep every single player weak and broken
okay and and and that's gonna backfire
as well okay because the region is going
to stay not necessarily outside players
they don't they don't always say they
usually leave go ahead Sammy I think the
main reason for their failure and you're
right to point to their failure is that
there is enormous opposition to their
presence in the region if we talk about
the Middle East and all the way to Libya
and so on there is popular opposition to
their presence and there is this
fundamental contradiction between the
United States aims of trying to control
the region for its own interests and the
interests of the peoples of the region
and there is no way this contradiction
can be resolved and
the United States withdraws from the
area admits defeat and gets out this is
unlikely to happen so therefore we have
this continuous conflict of US
imperialism trying to dominate the
region and the peoples of the region
insisting on their independence and they
are mad against Iran because Iran
regardless of what you what we think of
its political system is a very
independent country from us policies and
this they hate and I agree with on them
and that they are that's impossible
that's Iran's greatest sin its
sovereignty gentlemen we've run out of
time many thanks to my guests in London
Oxford and in Istanbul and thanks to our
viewers for watching us here at RT see
you next time and remember crosstalk
rules
