it's one thing to walk through totally
destroyed it looked like Warsaw after
their uprising look like you mean it
that's the only reference I had though I
suppose I could take Dresden
but I wouldn't know what that blooper
Robin was if I hadn't had a local man
with me to tell me that's the Carlton
Hotel
that's the mask you know so with the
main the important buildings of the
eastern from the city center I to be
Stern slice that was destroyed I had
some explanation and your eyes contain
you stuff where where destruction came
from the ball fire came from below where
it came from the same level you know it
was the aftermath of a war and in a
sense that's what I had come to say to
witness this type of work has three
three kind of stages first is thinking
and reading
you do it you do it at home the second
one you go and you look you photograph
the third you return to the studio with
those first two stages you begin and
this here is the first painting I made
and it's it's more representational it's
more clear as the show as I began to
make each picture I began to do to to
try to abstract the nd image to try to
find an abstract quality within the
image my sense was that buildings when
you start with them are fixed solid
structures
when they've been subjected to war they
almost change into organic structures
become like a carcass is still organic
practice of the dolls contain but the
building changes so the I was chasing
that I think yes yes what one of the one
of the tragedies of news in certainly
over my life is the speed at which
information is handled
protego I spent a lot of time in America
and the speed of the mean we used to
have at brakes once an arrow then once
half an hour down a memory 15 minutes
which means there's a speed to the to
the way the stuff comes photographs
appear and disappear you go looking for
them the only catch that they pass you
by as if they're runnable you know
there's paintings remain still you can't
see a painting without sitting in front
of it taking time given a time it
appears to you in silence there's no
sound with painting so in a sense it
allows me to husband the image are
protected no other people
I just prepare the stuff as you know
it's the publisher who has all power you
know other people who make the decision
about whether these walks survive and
remain as regards the ethics of going to
Aleppo jacques ranci√®re French
philosopher recently talked about this
very issue the ethics of an artwork the
primary ethic in his view was that it's
up to the job it says and to do but we
begin to think about if you make very
bad work about a tragedy you're kind of
adding insult to injury the question is
whether the work whether I as an artist
I'm up to doing this which is to make a
portrait of a ruined City if I am
themselves
