murder rates in the city of Baltimore
skyrocketed in 2017 with 56 killings per
100,000 people a new record for a city
that already has a reputation for being
dangerous and crime-ridden new cities
embody American urban decay more
depressingly than the city of Baltimore
Baltimore struggles with a record high
murder rate murder is out of control
yes Baltimore there is a robust active
crime strategy
well it all comes as Baltimore has been
rocked by the ongoing trials in one of
America's biggest police corruption
scandals they gun trace task force an
elite group of plainclothes officers
were supposed to be reducing violence
and crime however it now seems they have
actually been adding to it six out of
eight members of the group pleaded
guilty to charges of organized crime
including extortion and drug dealing
Aarti Samira Khan is across the story
the Baltimore Police Department is now
involved in one of the biggest scandals
in US law enforcement history for months
now the court system has been trying to
investigate corruption within the city's
police force eight officers are on trial
over drug trafficking racketeering
robbery and planting fake evidence like
drugs and BB guns we would create false
reports to cover up the robberies we
were involved in it was like a way of
life we got away with a lot of things if
proven guilty the officers may face
twenty to a hundred years in prison and
six of them have already pleaded guilty
and are now acting as witnesses in hopes
of softening the looming verdict and
their lawyers claimed the officers
filled guilt over what they've done mr.
Jenkins is extremely remorseful
he's been remorseful for a long time
even before these charges were brought
and he's relieved that today finally he
was publicly able to accept
responsibility are their clients sorry
for what they did
sorry is he regretful of what what
happened I really don't have any comment
meanwhile officers cases continue to be
dismissed with hundreds under review and
most of them involve incidents of
officers switching off their body
cameras to plant drugs or guns and then
reenact seizing the evidence they had
already planted
