the release of a classified
congressional memo allegedly detailing
abuses of surveillance powers by the FBI
is expected to be approved by President
Trump in the coming hours the move has
already led to a major backlash both
from the agency and the Democratic Party
for more details
Caleb muffin now joins us live Caleb
break it down for us what's so
controversial about this memo well a
specter of anticipation is hanging over
Washington DC as everyone is
anticipating the release of the memo now
at this point we've already heard from
many Republicans who say they've seen
the memo and that the content is
shocking they're calling it worse than
the Watergate scandal now essentially
the memo is purported and expected to
show great abuses by the FBI and that
essentially that they they the FBI and
the US Department of Justice were
abusing the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act FISA in order to spy on
Donald Trump that is what is being
alleged now we've already got a
recording of Donald Trump on a hot mic
not realizing the mic was hot saying
that the memo will be released let's
take a listen to what he said
now at this point the FBI is saying and
complaining essentially that they didn't
have enough time to review the memo
before it's pending release we've also
heard from Adam Schiff a top Democrat
who is saying that changes to the memo
had been made without prior approval and
that the has called on the White House
essentially not to release it he's
saying it's not ready to be released
there have been changes that have been
made to it now we've also heard from
Devon Nunez spokesperson Devon's newness
is the chair of the committee and he
said that some of those changes actually
came at the request of the Democrats it
was minor edits some grammatical fixes
as well as two edits done at the request
of the FBI now this memo is set to to
really kind of challenge and kind of
throw away some of the credibility of
the FBI as well as the entire Russia
investigation in response to this we've
heard a number of Democratic leaders say
that the calls to release the memo are
somehow a plot by the Kremlin somehow
Russia is to blame for it as the hashtag
released the memo went up on social
media
we heard calls to Twitter and top
Democrats sending a letter to social
media basically saying that they wanted
them to investigate whether or not
Russian bots were behind the release but
it's gone further than that at this
point we've now heard allegations that
perhaps the force is responsible and the
chairman of the committee could actually
himself be a Russian agent let's take a
listen
is it possible that the Republican
chairman of the House Intelligence is it
possible if the exercise on Russian
agents running the house Intel Committee
on the Republican side I I hope that's
not the case does this behavior speak of
that though I mean I'm not the first
person who's raised this he's behaving
like someone who's been compromised
investigators reportedly are interested
in Stein's advocacy for better relations
with Russia any vote for Stein is a vote
that otherwise would have gone to
Hillary
Donna Brazile would seemingly buy into
false Russian fuelled propaganda spread
by both the Russians and our opponent
about a candidate's health
if there's objection and I note the
senator from Kentucky on the floor I
will say before I read this if there's
objection you are achieving the
objectives of Vladimir Putin
well the Democrats want to answer that
question is Devin Nunez a Russian agent
with yes but they know that they'll be
sort of laughed off the stage for
getting into conspiracy theories I've
never thought this is about Russia
collusion which isn't even illegal if it
was I simply think this is about finding
a way to stop a powerful force that they
can't figure out how to stop Democrats
in our country this was invented by them
it was politically weaponized through
the FBI and other levels of our federal
government and it's the only way they
figured out how to stop or break the tie
the American people have to this
president
