a Libyan man who lost his whole family
in a NATO air raid is planning to take
his fight for justice to the European
Court of Human Rights
he says the Alliance dropped two bombs
on his house during its military
intervention in the country in 2011
now we demand that nades have explained
why our house and other houses were
shelled are they military targets I
don't understand why NATO targeted our
house sadly my dear wife died as well as
my cousins or my innocent children and
our neighbors our friends were there
with us it was a monstrous crime NATO
has the latest equipment and technology
which allows them to accurately
determine the target the NATO aircraft
struck specifically at night when people
were in their home they intentionally
hit civilian targets hospitals schools
gas stations they destroyed all the
infrastructure they were killing
civilians and destroying civilian
infrastructure apparently knowing there
were no weapons there here you can see
on the map where the NATO attack took
place as Khalid mentioned 13 people were
killed in the bombardment including
three children
he says his house may have been targeted
because his father was a general who
served under Libya's former leader
Muammar Gaddafi but Khalid says it was
just a family home and not a legitimate
target he began his battle for justice
back in 2012 but has faced an uphill
struggle to actually get his case heard
in court NATO which enjoys legal
immunity in such cases argues that it
had no evidence suggesting civilians
were in the house at the time of the
strike
however Khalid says his lawyers have now
found a way of challenging the
protections afforded to the Alliance and
he hopes his case will set a precedent
for others who have also lost their
families we gathered our families in
different parts of Libya we found a man
whose wife daughter and son as well as
his mother died during the shelling
there were other families in other
cities a lot of families we compiled a
report on all identified victims after
having documented and photographed the
materials so that this case would become
a historical precedent
