hello and welcome to worlds apart the
current presidential campaign in Russia
has featured a record number of
contenders most of whom statistically
have little chance of challenging the
incumbent and that's not only because of
Vladimir Putin still and verbal approval
ratings but also because after 18 years
of his leadership the prospect of power
transition in Russia looks increasingly
precarious if not Putin then whom and
what well to discuss that I'm now joined
by Ksenia Sobchak a candidate in the
2018 Russian presidential election
seniors great to talk to thank you very
much very time thank you now when you
announce your candidacy a few months ago
you positioned yourself as a protest
candidate you said on a number of
occasions that you do not intend or do
not plan to win I wonder if your
strategy has changed in any way perhaps
to include something more than just
getting the the protest mode well first
of all I want to comment on what you
said about if not Putin then whom I
think what and what yeah I think very
important thing that this question by
itself leads us to to nowhere it's it's
not a good question and not a right
question to ask because it doesn't
matter who if not Putin I would love
anyone to be on his place but the most
important thing is them to change every
form I strongly disagree with you
because I think the Russian history
shows that the power transition is a
very very professional mystery a Russian
history shows that we don't have
experience of democratic rule that's why
most important in power transition is a
change every four years it doesn't
matter who they are even if they're not
that effective as Putin the most
important thing is that they should
change every four years and they can
only be two times for the lifetime so
what I fight for is that the whole
system now in Russia's elections is
unfair Putin wins not because he has a
big support but because no one else can
go on free TV and say what they want
this opportunity and if I may bring you
back to your communities sorry I can
have only for this campaign time when I
talk about free media I talk about
totally the same level of different
opinions for years and now we can see 18
years of only one position on all the
federal channels and rushed in it and I
think the biggest problem I actually
agree with you on many of those points
I'm not arguing with that but I want to
bring you back to my original question
and that is whether you at this point of
time whether you're aiming for something
more than just the protest vote do you
want to be that anyone else as you just
pointed out I want to show people of
Russia that there is another point of
view this is the goal of my campaign I
know you can't win on the elections
where only Putin always wins so there is
no sense of talking what would be if I
would win I will never win on the
elections like in a casino we're all
always casino wins my goal is to speak
to millions of Russians now on federal
channels because it's the only
opportunity in modern Russia to speak to
them during the presidential campaign
because after campaign and before
campaign to shut those doors
so my opportunity is to speak and tell
them the truth this is a rare
opportunity and you dream to make this
opportunity common for them well
speaking about the truth because I think
many of the issues that you raised I
think they're pretty much in line with
what the current administration preaches
for example putting himself up said on
many occasions that Russia needs more
competition both political but he never
gives economic it's know you can say
between look truth and lies are spoken
by the same words but people always feel
when person says truth fulfilled
feelings or his same you know when he
says I want conference it's a lie
because if he wants concurrence why he
doesn't let Alexei Navalny take this in
competition because there is a lawsuit
but you created this lawsuit not get him
in
- notice it's not only Putin his
administration ministers for example
they say that Russian governance is not
very efficient it's too bureaucratized
this is nothing they just agree with
something people already see what makes
it different different because you guys
very much preach the same this is
message not at all the difference is
huge and this difference is in what we
call real concurrence because what I
simply mean to you Titian yes by
concurrence I mean competition if Putin
is really for competition I want him to
take part in debates as all the leaders
of the world
he doesn't debate for 18 years with any
of his opponents he only speaks with
journalists and this is the only idea of
question and answer he gives but I don't
like this idea I want to argue with mr.
Putin I want not only to have his answer
but I want to ask additional question
and additional question to every kiss
answer I don't have this opportunity now
and no one has in our country and this
is not fair by only these thing by lack
of debates we can say that those the
elections are not fair
I want to see the same debates I saw
Trump with Hillary Clinton on duty if he
is not afraid because this is their
political tradition and I Russian
tradition if there is a bad tradition if
we're talking about democracy and mr.
Putin many times said that Russia is a
democratic state in all democratic
states and I'm a pathologist I'm quite
sure in what I am saying there existed
tradition of debates and Putin was asked
many times to take part in those debates
and he never does so this is not fair if
he really wants competition ok give you
all the facts your social you're here
for 18 years I'm just a little blonde
girl you know coming from
and have debates with me I am NOT you
know I got someone who is so much lesser
than you that you will continue less
worry about yourself because you made
your criticism of Putin very clear but
let's leave some time but this is my
campaign is about my campaign is not
about me I'm going to give you an easy
way out of that because you open your
eye way is only to show that those
people should not be there this is
actually what my pain is not about
Ksenia Sobchak my campaign is candidate
against all ask a few questions about
yourself you said for example just the
other day that governing class you view
governing class as hard professionals
and I agree with you on that that we the
people heart those professionals to do
the job for us and yet you yourself have
you have no governing experience from
what I know you have no major managerial
experience you do not have the
experience of making decisions under
stress and under sometimes competing
priorities so much stress during raids
in my life I had so much stress it's not
about having stress again I'm asking you
about professional experience of making
decisions if you feel you believe in
running the country on the professional
basis what makes you qualified for the
position that you're running believing
that my country should be run by
professional managers and by
professionals but president is not a
person who is doing you know some expert
work as we remember he's responsible for
making decision ever said that a
president should be you know one field
expert president is someone who in my
point of view is a guarantee of
constitutional in the Russian governing
system president has the biggest
authority for the interview because you
haven't read my program as you know in
my program the first point I make that I
am against presidential Republic I want
a parliamentary Republic in Russia and
in parliamentary Republic the main and
only biggest function of president
is a guarantee of constitution so Levi
Lanza or Watts love gavel were not
professionals but they were one of the
best leaders of the world to my point of
view because they were brave enough to
go out to people and say look I want to
unite you all and I think what we're
doing is right and what they are doing
is wrong so I want this is an example
for me I am a person who wants to
guarantee that the Constitution written
by my father by the way
will be really guaranteed in this
country and I want Parliament to decide
all the important laws for my country
boy what are you saying is that the
Parliament has to be professional but
for the president the president is not
safety we don't need presidential
Republic we don't need one person's rule
a president should be a girl disagree
with life
so vaselov gavel was not a professional
as you know when he became a president
he was a not a politician he even said
I'm not a politician I'm just a person
who cares so I'm I'm also a person who
cares and in the state where politics
was killed all the professionals were
suppressed so that they couldn't take
part in politics if they are positioners
so in this situation now we just need
brave people who are not afraid so now
I'm just a brave person who says Luke
I'm not afraid and unfortunately this is
already enough now to go and fight for
power because all the people are really
afraid of what's going on in France
there they are suffering with fear
that's why those professionals who
should rule they're sitting at home
their doors locked and they afraid of
the government so they don't go out on
the streets they don't well they they
won't cut through the streets just
yesterday but no they know this is not
true again look how you're lying they
didn't you please you're lying they
don't go on the streets people
because the government didn't approve
this meetings and they said everywhere
if you go out we will put you to police
you just accuse me of lying I said
people took to the streets not that the
government approved of that people did
regardless of that deep you know what I
mean regardless of unconstitutional
people you can't enjoy Sunday to support
your former Israeli propaganda does I
will explain you by fingers they say
look people didn't go out on the streets
and when I tried to say they didn't go
out on the streets not because there are
not so many people who suffered a the
streets of people went on the streets
only 2,000 people it's really not indeed
there you know the hundreds of thousands
of people in Russia would love to go on
the streets but they are not allowed
because governments I think if you go in
Russian farm or if you go here if you
give them credit for to jail this is
what government always says they don't
give sanction to those meetings they say
no this is not confirmed as a meeting so
they do everything to make people
frightened of them
welcome did you obviously not frighten
listen politics of our country speaking
about the the politics of our country
one of your very consistent criticisms
of the current government is that it
hasn't done something for example it
hasn't rained in corruption I agree with
that it hasn't invested in non hard
hydrocarbon industry it hasn't done much
of that but this the same argument the
same didn't do argument could be equally
applied to you you haven't not apply you
haven't run an angio fight and no you
haven't started an innovative business
you haven't done much in the way of
public service I have to unfortunately
don't know much about me because I had
started an innovative business I am
doing I I have a big agency who works in
internet selling advertisements selling
from any kind of public service why why
I should do something for public service
if I only begin my political
that is my question why would you if you
take your bitch seriously why don't you
successful businessman in my past I had
my restaurants which I ruled for many
years and got a good revenues for that I
made a brief sauce on advertisement I
sold it because I went to my political
career so my political career is only
starting
and I hope on this way to make lots of
things and I don't think it's quite
correct to ask the same things of a
businessman zhenia Sobchak who was doing
business and successful business for
many years and from president who should
be doing the neutral area but you wait
are you saying but these things could be
applied to me what is same it didn't do
didn't you only do air for 10 years
economy of the country but I was not
Putin but you haven't run an NGO for
example you you what do you mean I'm
doing my own business and if you run for
the position of the president I would
assume maybe I'm wrong that it requires
a certain degree of public involvement
of public service sorry in the country
which is autocratic like Russia there
only one quality you need to run to the
president's one quality that Alexei
Navalny and I share it's the braveness
because people who go against Putin they
end their life in prison and you know
this for sure
so to be highly developed you know a
manager this is unfortunately not enough
now you have to be brave and after those
people like me will break this wall of
autocracy then those managers can come
out and rule and this is my goal I don't
want to exchange powers I want to break
this wall of attic retic regime ok
exchange for the time being we have to
take a very very short break but we will
be back in just a few moments stay tuned
welcome back to worlds apart the Ksenia
Sobchak a candidate in the 2018 Russian
presidential election seen just before
the break you mentioned the name of
Alexei Navalny I assume a former friend
of yours who is precluded from running
in this elections and his supporters
took to the streets in a series of
unsanctioned rallies just the other day
apparently you didn't make much of it
but I think that was a notable event and
they defied the government several times
only it was only two thousand people
it's not all the size of a given many
things are unsanctioned this is what I
mean given that you're ruining a theory
that you just put it out don't let
people go on the streets and then they
say so not so I think insanely mm ah no
no support of opposition thousands of
people would go you're arguing with
yourself now because I said that people
take to the streets and you early denied
that they were try to argue that the
streets they took two thousand people
it's not enough it's not what you said
you said but look people went out it's
it they did but small quantity was not
it was small quantity but because the
military I never worked tried to qualify
it you try to do it but let's stop
wrangling about it I think the reason
why people took to the streets and why
Alexei Navalny called them to go out was
his call for the boycott of those
elections and boycott means not
participating at all isn't he the real
protest candidate the candidate who is
really against old rather than let's say
better yes I think he's a real candidate
and I think that he should be led to the
elections unfortunately that was not
made and here we share different ideas
because I don't think that by caught is
effective I think by caught will play
only on Putin not against Putin because
the less number of people would come and
vote out of protest ins the more
percentage of those who come will be for
poutine this is obvious and I'm
against this idea that's why I decided
to participate to unite those who go and
vote on those elections to say how many
people are against so that you really
did not get any vote you earlier accused
the current authorities of trying to
downplay the opposition support in
Russia and I know that I mean everybody
everybody knows that there has been a
bit of a falling out between your
campaign and the Volney campaign there
has been a number of very public spats
yesterday Alexei Navalny published a
comment that was not very complimentary
of the post in which you were tagged
what were me well I think he accused
there was a rumor that you visited him
in the detention facility somebody wrote
about you visiting him in the detention
facility to which he replied that it was
a lie anyway it's what does it have to
do with me I did my best I brought some
food I spoke with policemen I never said
I saw him first yeah but it shows that
there is not the kind of agreement
between various opposition forces or
even what happens because this is what I
share as democracy you shouldn't be all
agreed like this like all the people who
work around lots of personal attacks if
you guys are united by the common goal
which is Brighton or any personal attack
so this is not a question to me I think
about it but you did chase his campaign
manager and camera but I never do
personal attacks I just wanted him to
apologize
I certainly didn't show the Opposition
in the very can I can't you know look I
can only answer for myself I can't
answer for other people yes I think some
of the moves
Alexei did and other opposition leaders
did were not really sensible in sensible
in terms of uniting us all but I try to
do everything to win his campaign
manager quite deliberately chasing I
just wanted his apologies I didn't get
them and I think don't you think that by
doing that you are playing in the hands
of those who actually
looking for any pretext apologize
because you said lie I don't think it
plays in someone's ground
that's up to you you said that you share
a lot of common ideas and I think
politically and Navalny stands on both
leftist and nationalist positions he is
on record saying that when he comes to
power he is going to expropriate the
properties of the current elite and I
think in Russia that is something that
could be very appealing to the people
especially the poor the young would you
personally like to see another
expropriation redistribution campaign in
this country well I think we should be
very definite in our terms I don't think
that he says about expropriation over
the elite I think he in his program and
if I'm not mistaken speaks about
expropriation of the people connected
with corruption with this I totally
agree you know that he he's not just the
leftist I think he's a revolutionary
leftist he is pretty much about you know
blowing up the current system and
building something new in its place and
that is a fundamental question for
Russia how do you change Russia whether
you change it from scratch starting to
build from a clean slate or whether you
work with the current system it's very
important for me to get your position on
that are you in favor of revolution or
evolution our view of future Russia is
really different because I think that
unfortunately the only good way for us
is a long way I know that many people
want a fast change but fast change only
happens as a revolution I'm against
revolution that you agree with Putin
rather than vintner violently like look
what do you mean I agree I don't agree
with Putin Putin doesn't say the real
things about this you know if a person
says I'm for everything good and against
everything bad of course you will agree
with
that he prefers an incremental change in
Russia well then why he doesn't do it
for 18 years he knows that trottenberg
steals he knows that may the timchenko
is probably stealing he knows many many
governmental people who are stealing
from the state why he's not punishing
them why his only punishing Yakov
who stole from Sachin and he's punished
not because he stole from state but
because he stole something you really
believe that Putin has the same that
kind of authority to deliberately target
any given a general hunch I know that
Putin has all the powers in Russia and
his word is the last word now if you
understand that in such a big country
like Russia not every question could be
addressed to president for sure and
that's the problem because all the
people around him sit and think okay
what Putin may think about this so maybe
we intrigue that put you've already said
to us we can do this and then hundreds
of intrigue has become the reality of
our life but the problem is that we
don't have law we have intrigues around
what Putin will think about this and
this is I think a really bad situation
because I want to live in a country
where everything is ruled by law not by
president well I think many people would
agree with you on that but I think the
problem in Russia is not what but how
and this is actually what Anatoly
Chubais is one of the architects of
liberal reform in Russia said recently
at the guide art form that the problem
is not we all agree that the Russian
future is democratic but the question is
how to change that and from his position
it's not just about political will it's
about the energized citizenry what have
you done in your campaign to encourage
that citizen muscle I have done a huge
tour I visited more than 18 regions of
Russia already and in every city I
gather big halls where I speak with
people I talk about the need for change
I talk about the problems we face I edit
8 all around Russia
my main goal is education I want to
educate people I want to bring them
truth and I want to gather all their
problems to make them federal so I go on
all the regions of Russia and they
gather those problems and I want
specifically about no because I've been
following your campaign and sometimes it
really looks like a more hip version of
Putin's annual colon show because you
would go to some rundown Hospital people
will tell you how bad things are and
they would be hoping that the publicity
will make the local officials pay
attention but it's the same old Russian
paternalism waiting for the officials to
fix the problem rather than being the
change you want to see in the world
don't you think that you are essentially
playing the very same Kremlin tactic no
I'm not I'm the change people want to
see because with me comes the light to
their problems when they come to those
are you the change that you want to see
in Russia that you want to see in the
world somebody who actually who not only
talks about the problems but who fixes
them I fix them by doing this this is my
way of fixing you know you can do a
publicity too during the lessons course
because after drawing that does solve
the problem what do you mean I can give
you already some examples for example
the hospital we met already there now
pronouncing a program of how to say
building works because of my visit and
this is the real doing thing because I
can't take the loose money out of my
pocket and being stretched by the same
Putin system that you criticize so you
drew the attention to the I am saying
Luke those guys got money for building a
hospital but they never build it they
never rebuild it then I count with TV
and everyone writes about this they know
they stole those money and they have to
do something because otherwise they will
go to prison because the scandal around
this becomes really huge for what
they're doing they compensated and
starting building it this is how I fix
things this is my way of doing I go for
example and speak about but did you
understand
the presidential work is not drawing
attention to some problem it's actually
course but I'm doing now what I can do
now I was talking loud about you did
metruff I'm on with other very famous
people who were also against this
charges that when he was released he was
released I take on all of us discredit
on all the citizens who were involved in
doing something for him to make this
case public and when you say what you do
if you're on only talking you know
talking as you remember in Bible first
was the words thinking is the most
important thing when you stop talking
about things that were nothing Russians
are exploiting these people too much
they like to talk but they don't like
you know no one likes to talk no one on
federal channels talks about the things
I talk and people know this and that's
why they go and want to support me now I
I want to squeeze two more questions if
I may and we don't have that much time
so I would appreciate a relatively short
answer your I think one of the first
prominent female candidates in the
Russian elections after Irina hakamada
and if you read her interviews she
encountered a lot of sexism and not just
sexism she encountered a lot of open
bigotry and her negatives were very high
but not as high as yours I saw some
polling agencies putting them down to
80% do you think that's just the typical
prejudice of the Russian electorate
against women or do you put that more to
your own personality well first of all I
don't believe in those kind of polls
because those polls are done in the same
ways of everything as they count votes
it's like the same kind of organizations
and I you do not think you have no I
don't see it around me I see so much
support especially when I go out of big
cities I see so much support of people
who come like this is a statistic of
time women in many countries do
encounter more challenges
I feel it too sometimes but I think we
shouldn't pay attention to this we just
should do what I think is right because
well yes it exists many men don't think
that it's a right for women to rule
their life they don't think that in
Potrero Rico society that's a good thing
to do but what we can do about this we
can just prove that this is not right
but far less agreeable than the most
Russian women you certainly know how to
get your way and I have one last
question I don't want you to take it as
a personal attack I think it's an
important one a few years ago you were
taped having a conversation with your
neighbors about the repair works in your
apartment I think is correct to discuss
criminal case because this was a private
talk on telephone which was was it it
wasn't it was ran by phase B so it's a
criminal case and it was criminal
reported so I don't think it's ethical
to discuss my private telephone
conversation telephone conversation
don't think it's correct to discuss any
private conversations all my private
analysis in E you are building ovulating
I think it the way you is a criminal
case and you know this it's
unconstitutional to do this to discuss
it and even to report it if you would
show this on your TV
I will note it on the Roscommon azure
and they will closely because it's
unlawful I won't do this but I'm just
saying you we can't discuss unlawful
things it's come uncle you know many of
you listen all these movies are deemed
unconstitutional in a century know if
you know his movies are discussing
karate I'm going
showing palaces of the people look how
you do it this we discuss please don't
serve the people please pistol my money
and we talk anybody relationship
telephone private telephone in which you
said that you wouldn't care about Google
wouldn't care Oracle to discuss my time
booty calls
listen working with phase B I took this
calls once again if you're if you're
cooperating with them I know you can do
certain Alice millions of people in
Russia listen you know I don't want to
listen to any course I'm not listening
to noon soft calls who was killed
okay let me calls were also there so no
I won't okay
ask my private calls which were
illegally taped hit by phase B as I was
not listening and never would listen to
himself calls that were also distributed
through all the interview let me ask you
if I should think that people don't do
it's unethical and my mother because
it's my private I can say in my home
whatever I think is right and in my
letters private letters I can write
whatever I think is right and my mind
wanders usually but I should never read
someone's SMS someone's letters and you
accentuate moderate tell you that I
should be nicer to people that you talk
on the phone but you never doing this
and to my to you my advice to you be
ethical enough nothing you thank you I
know it's important question for me as a
as a process is a legal question again
this is OB and my okay why because we
are running out of time let me pose it
in a way that would not impede you on
that call but I will still have the same
message across
you're known as somebody who has a very
snobbish attitude to other people and I
think you demonstrated that in that call
how can you can you explain apart from
this call which was my private life and
which was staked and now they can you
give another example of this snobbish
attitude I think then
just one give me the journalistic
example well I think legal journalistic
example well even now I think you are as
a journalist I think this is you don't
want to discuss this problem I
understand why it's illegal it's because
it's illegal we just address them
requires a certain degree of
consideration for the other people at
genuine accommodation of direct concerns
do you think you have it in yourself to
show that accommodation to people who
live next door to you to people who live
across the street or to people who live
at the other end of the country of
course this is what I'm doing now and
this is actually what my campaign is
about actually this campaign changed me
a lot too because when I go to people
when I see how many problems they have
and when I see that I cannot solve them
all right now I'm trying hard I'm doing
my best but I see that sometimes I can
only hug them I can only cry with them
and that's maximum that I can do of
course it touched me very much and it
touches me now and actually I'm not a
person I used to be when I came to this
campaign and now because I saw so many
suffering already and I am now everyday
with it so of course it gives me a huge
have to say a huge burden when you can
do only so little things now but you see
how many people are really needing help
and support and a fair state and they
don't have it now since we already a
grossly over time we will have to post
the whole version online and make some
changes that we will agree with you or
for the air and the ocean let's then
stop it not to make any changes but we
already over time but let's finish it
thank you so much I would really don't
want you to cut the interview thank you
was nice meeting you
you're not going to accommodate my last
question I just don't want you to cut
anything thank you thanks I appreciate
you
