hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the release the memo moment is upon us
Republicans are billing it as some kind
of silver bullet revealing political
corruption at the highest levels of the
Department of Justice and FBI the
Democrats on the other hand and their
supporters in the liberal media call it
a distraction
finally the public will decide
crosstalking released the memo I'm
joined by my guest Lee's Stranahan in
Washington he's an investigative
journalist and a co-host for fault lines
on radio Sputnik also in Washington we
have James chat wrist he's a former
adviser to the US Senate Republican
leadership and in Los Angeles we crossed
the H a Goodman he's a columnist and
journalist published in The Huffington
Post Salaam the hill and other
publications all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in fact that means he
can jump in anytime you want and I
always appreciate H a as usual you got
up early as for the support of this
program god bless you I'm glad to have
you with us all right we have our heads
beginning to roll we have Andrew McCabe
out is roe is rod Rosenstein next and
who else and talk about the state of
denial in the liberal media
go ahead HEA it's good to see you again
it's great to be here well the obama
white house illegally spied on trump's
since 2015 this is according to the
Guardian GCHQ was sending information to
the US intelligence community community
about trump associates this is before
the alleged Russian hacking of the DNC
this is before all the Facebook posts
apparently gave swing states to to Trump
and this is before the Russian hacking
narrative there is no crime that Trump
is said to have committed so they've
been spying on Trump illegally Susan
Rice unmasked names illegally and they
tried to find information on Trump
associates
even though Donald Trump has never been
accused of a crime and he's not the
subject of a crime they haven't found
any evidence and it's been since 2015
the Moller probe is completely partisan
and it was a result of James Comey
squeezie memos mm-hmm Russia never
interfered until in the election to the
point of giving the election to anyone
what took place was it was a 1.2 billion
dollar loss from Hillary Clinton and to
cover up the loss we know that there was
an insurance policy so Peter struck in
the text messages stated well I spoke to
Andrew McCabe and and now McCabe is out
and that we we can't
we can't question whether or not we have
to have an insurance policy if in the
event that Trump wins then you have
Peter Straub okay hey Jay you've covered
a lot of material right there let me go
to James here I mean a chaise got it
down cold here the facts here but James
I mean that the fact of the matter is
that we're going to actually see what's
behind the curtain here how the Obama
Justice Department and FBI operated as
they went through the election cycle
here this is the real scandal here
because if you look at all of these
things Peter struck and his girlfriend
and all these things with Andy's office
and all that there's nothing about
Russia there absolutely zip go ahead
James that's absolutely right and what
we're really talking about I think the
key word here is conspiracy there was a
conspiracy within organs of the the
federal government particularly the FBI
I understand there's some reference to
the CIA in this memo as well we'll have
to see if it's in there or not but I
think if you look at the hysteria with
which the Democrats have been opposing
release of this memo and also the
distraction that the media has been
pursuing to take away the attention with
this memo if you go to the three
networks or MSNBC or or CNN they don't
lead with talk about this memo they talk
about Trump once thought about firing
Muller it's the Saturday massacre all
over again it's it's an attempt to
deflect deflect from the real news which
is this thing which I expect in short
order we will see what's what and I
think I do think some other heads will
roll
not just became you know that's
interesting you know the the the non
news event is news I mean what kind of
world are they living in i I know what
kind of exactly they live in a very
intellectually corrupt and moral world
that's what I think here you know legal
you had Christopher Rea came out of his
office and kind of wandered up I guess
it was to the Capitol and he looked at
this memo here and reports say that he
was surprised or shocked I don't
remember the exact world
word why in the world is the head of the
FBI surprised about material that the do
a and the FBI gave to Congress I have to
wonder what's going on with the head of
the FBI if he is shocked then we all are
in a very worrisome place here go ahead
Lee well let's talk about the real
problem here the problem is not rogue
agents the problem is institutional the
problem is I'll use the term deep state
you could also call it the persistent
state it is not a shock at all that the
CIA is involved in this because the fact
is whoever is in the White House who
ever is in Congress there is a
persistent group of people who stay from
administration to administration
it's an unelected fourth branch of
government and that's what's happening
this is an institutional thing and
whatever you think of Donald Trump
whatever you think of his policies I'm a
Trump supporter but if you don't like
him doesn't make any difference he was
clearly an outsider who the deep state
the persistence state was very very
worried about and part of that apparatus
is also the media I cover a lot of White
House press briefings let's flash back
to last spring over and over and over
again I was in that room in the White
House press briefing room when Trump
came out and said that I was at Trump
Tower that was wiretap he said it
remember that the media acted as though
he was a crazy person and it was five
days of questioning and I remember every
media outlet was tag-teaming each other
hey you asked this I'll ask that now cut
to the last week I was in three
briefings last week at the White House
and I was there the first time a
question was asked about releasing this
memo I had sat through a number of
briefings it had already been on social
media right and it had already been out
by the way why was it on social media
because over a hundred republican
congressmen looked at it it's not
Russian bots when a hundred Republican
Congressmen look at something and go we
think they should come out it's going to
resonate through particularly Republican
social media that's so part of it's
going on media needs to cover it up oh
well yeah because they're complicit in
HEA I mean this is this is watching
MSNBC and CNN and they're terrified of
this memo I mean watching them go blue
in the face eh but what about national
security what about what about this it's
trouble
I mean they don't even want I mean I
thought sunshine was the best cure here
I mean our that was an old liberal
mantra at least way I was growing up
okay I mean they want to continue to
live in darkness where they bring the
public with them every single night go
ahead AJ well there's a reason why
fusion GPS and BuzzFeed are being sued
by three Russian bankers and
entrepreneur and I think Trump's lawyer
is suing fusion GPS the Trump Russia
dossier was complete nonsense and it was
a fantasy maybe Bill Clinton's fantasy
who knows it was complete and utter
nonsense gossip
hearsay derived from Russian sources so
so the collusion is actually the DNC and
Hillary Clinton purchasing the dossier
for around nine million dollars in fees
to the law firm that Clinton used
Congress should ask for an itemized
report to find out how much was actually
paid for this nonsense used for a FISA
warrant so that's what that at least the
memo it's all about that's what we're
good it's all about gossip and hearsay
being used cheating you just mentioned
you just mentioned GOG let me go to
James here remember when the the
quote-unquote Trump dossier Russia
dossier came out how everybody wanted to
shop it around after BuzzFeed let it go
everybody wanted to shop and look at
this look at that amazing amazing of
course they were a bunch of fools they
didn't even know what they're reading I
read it and thought this is ridiculous
from the get-go but when it comes to a
memo about information that the DOJ and
the FBI have collated and made available
to these investigations these committees
here liberal media doesn't want to say a
word about it except for it will be a
danger to national security
you know what the liberal media is the
danger to national security go ahead
James that's right and that's why I'm
reserving my my let's say excitement and
celebration over the release of this
memo when it comes out it's going to be
a silver bullet to shut this down yes I
think some of the cancer may be cut out
of the bureaucracy and maybe some of it
won't be my concern is is that it is
fundamental purpose to make sure there
could be
no we're approach but mom with Moscow
that relations would stay very bad
unfortunately I think it's largely
succeeded in that purpose I even people
who are defending Trump referring to the
seal memo for example say and it's full
of Russian dirt and in Putin's
propaganda and we have no way of knowing
where this British spook got this so how
reliable sources were how much of this
would just made up because they were
getting paid your client wants dirt will
give you dirt well but the the Russian a
bad narrative has been so entrenched now
I'm not sure how we get it out yeah
that's good leave that's interested it's
a very interesting point and I I agree
agree with them completely because they
the die has been cast on that element
there okay across the board there if you
question it your your about your your
Europe you are useful idiot but the
interesting thing also the other side
though is that we see the level of
corruption at the highest echelons of
law enforcement so you get the worst bet
worst possible words or world's here go
ahead Lee go ahead jump in well here's
what it is this is a disinformation
operation against Russia period that's
what this is and you can't have a
disinformation operation by only going
to one side in other words you've been
talking about the liberal media again
I'm a Republican I'm a trump supporter
and I used to work as the lead
investigative reporter for Breitbart let
me say this
Breitbart has been just as bad on this
issue and the right conservative media
this is why I say this is a
disinformation operation about Russia
that succeeded
not just because left media the New York
Times Washington Post MSNBC and so on
but because the right media with stories
like the uranium one story for instance
which demonizes Russia which I hate
Hillary Clinton that story's false and
you could see that when Bannon got in
trouble my former boss D Bannon got in
trouble for saying the it was tree that
treasonous trumped our meeting right
Steve admitted in his apology has walked
back he hates Russia too okay here I'll
let you keep going after our short break
and after that short break we'll
continue with our discussion
that infamous memo stay with RT welcome
back to crop stock where all things are
considered on Peter LaBelle to remind
you were discussing the release of the
memo
okay let me go back to Lee and watch and
I want to ask all three of you the same
question here I mean the molar
investigation goes on with the release
of this memo does it nullify his
investigation or you know lower in its
importance here is there's gonna be
depending on what it is I mean we've all
heard a lot of different rumors you know
little snippets here I think we all have
a pretty good idea what it is
and it would seem to negate the whole
Russia gate narrative even though as
James has pointed out on the program the
damage has already been done
okay they can walk away from this and
the damage has already done so I'll go
to leave first
does this nullify the Mulla Mulla
investigation go ahead
well it won't here's why what they're
talking about
the FISA stuff happened before Muller
was on the investigation but there's a
wider point though this has not been
about Russia election interference or
Russian hacking forever Muller
immediately went on a fishing expedition
with thing and that is a hundred percent
clear there is no attempt for instance
if you're legitimately trying to find it
a collusion right you look for a quid
pro quo where's the where's the the what
what did Trump offer where's the
investigation into what Trump was
getting back for this suppose an
election interference in other words
that's what you'd have to do every
prosecutor knows that a Muller knows
that too
the reason he's going far afield the
reason why would he interview it's even
Steve Bannon right why would he look
into this one anti Magnitsky act
corporation the reason why is this is a
disinformation campaign one of the
people who people on the left and right
need to watch out for here is guy bill
Browder bill Browder's been pushing this
anti Russia narrative and he is key to
this whole thing and he has fooled both
the left and the right and I got to say
that okay but every you're absolutely
right but you were cut really broadening
out here okay I want to make sure people
under you have a deep knowledge of it
just like a che doesn't and James as
well HM yeah I mean but listen maybe I
should rephrase my question what about
the perception
of the vitality of this investigation
once we find out all of this the highest
echelon of the FBI and the DOJ have have
weaponized their position against their
political opposition which I've said
before and I'll say it again turns the
u.s. into a banana republic okay go
ahead AJ what Trump must do and I
believe what he will do is fire a molar
and when the indignation is heard
throughout the universe from CNN and
MSNBC all Trump needs to say is this
I fired Muller because there's no
evidence of any collusion or any
criminal activity from me or any of my
associates pertaining to the mission of
the probe Hillary Clinton for example
actually committed crimes she removed
top-secret and special access program
intelligence that the highest level
classification from sIPRNET jae-gook
skiffs secure government locations she
transferred them in a creative manner
that nobody talks talks about from those
locations on to her unencrypted once
unencrypted server that is a crime under
the Espionage Act u.s. code 793 F what
Peter Straub did is remove gross
negligence five times the references
which directly relates to the Espionage
Act and that statute you don't even need
gross negligence because she paid Brian
parking out of $5,000 hey player smaller
well no but what you're doing and I'm
I'm not overwhelmed that you went down
this Avenue but it actually proves a
point here
James H a brings up this point we have
these two narratives out there and
depending on how you see politics is
what you're going to stress I agree
because Hillary Clinton was given a free
pass over and over and over again Donald
Trump like him earned don't like him
there is no evidence that he committed a
crime not yet after all this time okay
though the other side and so you have
CNN and MSNBC do not want to talk about
the crimes of Hillary Clinton and her
mafia gang because that's essentially
what they are okay and all they can do
is focus on me going to James they're
all they can do is focus on the what
they believe what they hope what they
pray for our sin
of Donald Trump but in all those words I
just used it's not illegal go ahead
James
well III hope H a is right if that molar
will be out I think that means also
getting rid of rod Rosen side the Deputy
Attorney General and possibly replacing
Jeff Sessions with somebody will
actually do something about this stuff
but my concern is this is that molar is
Captain Ahab going after the great
orange whale here and even if he can't
find a real crime real collusion just
like with general Flynn and George
papadopolis you try to trap somebody
into a process crime that's why he's so
keen to interview Trump personally and
tried to find some way to twist his
words into either perjury or obstruction
of justice so even though there was no
crime of collusion and there's no crime
at all you can get him say but in the
process of the investigation he did
commit a crime he committed perjury when
he talked to me and that's what they're
really hoping to do he wants to nail
some more scalps to the wall to justify
his existence I think at the end of the
day he's not gonna do a one-on-one I
don't think his lawyers are gonna let
him do that okay well that's the typical
bravado of because anyway fires Muller
you know Lee that's an interesting point
because what I what I think is again
when I talked about these battling
narratives let's let's just say for
example ok the memo is released at the
end of the week it will have a an
earthquake effect okay who knows soon
after Muller may give you know his
assessment here the problem is is who's
gonna believe which narrative okay
because impeachment as we all know is
not a legal process it's a political
process so even if Muller says Trump is
guilty of this and it goes to the House
of Representatives if the other
narrative is so much more compelling
then then we get this gridlock oh we get
the train crash okay because even
irrespective what Muller has to say it
may not have the political implications
that he and the liberal elites and the
media want and that's gonna be a very
interesting parlay and if it happens go
ahead Lee this is what I think the
danger is when I say this is a different
information campaign it's really
important to understand this all the
narratives lead to Russia bad
that's what I'm saying the the one the
Democrat narrative leads to Russia bad
we know that that's clear but the
republican narrative also leads to
russia bad and that's the point this has
been a very successful disinformation
campaign because the facts are actually
not that difficult to determine anybody
can look into this for themselves and
learn the facts of this case they can
see what CrowdStrike did they can see
boo-hooed natalia vessel it's kaya who's
that right that russian well let's just
talk about that she's that russian
lawyer that's all you need to say she's
already been cast as like natasha right
in the rocky and bullwinkle right she's
that russian lawyer and and and she is
that russian lawyer to both the left and
the right the right believe this is what
the right believes because my that's
where i live i live on the right people
on the right falsely believed that this
was a setup
that she was put in there by the
Clintons because she's connected to
fusion gps and we know fusion gps blah
blah blah they don't even get what's
going on there and the left goes oh no
no she's that russian lawyer so she just
bad she was sent in by putin they all
actually agree on it and i think the
good thing is okay but no wake up and
figure this out on both sides why i hope
so but i don't have a lot of hope i what
this is a an oasis okay right here i'm
crosstalk okay because we will talk
about all of the issues here i don't
have much hope for MSNBC i watched
morning joke and meager today well i
mean what what universe do they live in
i have no idea what they're talking
about here a che i mean i think we all
kind of agree that you know the die has
been cast here I mean us-russia
relations are for a generation done okay
and actually I don't really think about
it much anymore okay because there's not
much of to be done about it but what I
think is really interesting here and for
me personally it's not about Trump it's
not about Hillary it's about the the
future of the Republic institutions and
the very idea of democracy Bernie
Sanders was burned okay
he got it was stolen from him we had the
Clinton clan they tried to steal the
general okay and now they want the these
same people they want to overturn
the Democratic decision of the American
people and they don't care one hoot if
they have to destroy everything in the
process
go ahead H a well this is all about
like you said Democrats treating Bernie
Sanders debbie Wasserman Schultz being
forced to step down them losing 1.2
billion dollars with a failed candidate
who was under an actual criminal
investigation so in turn in terms of in
competing narratives there was evidence
of crimes she committed crimes but she
but Comey and struck and McCabe said she
didn't intentionally commit the crimes
she was the subject of the of the
investigation with Trump he's not the
subject of any investigation as always
this nebulous ambiguous
I will people around him and there's a
whole lot of smoke but we can't prove
anything
I think it's despicable that the
Democratic Party chose to start a new
Cold War because they couldn't rely on
any policies yep and they couldn't they
certainly couldn't rely on anything that
Bernie Sanders stood for that's a lot he
did as a sheeted Bernie that's part of
the struck the destruction that I'm
talking about a che a I me can be a che
because you know the Democratic Party is
shown itself to for what it is
absolutely corrupt here James let me go
to you well if if Comey goes to jail
will you send him a file in and a cake I
mean will you feel sorry for Comey okay
seriously because I you know you know
what he he forgave you know the irony is
he made sure Hillary didn't go to jail
because of that he probably might go to
jail James go ahead please don't say I
know I'm not gonna send him a file in
the cake or I won't send him anything no
look obviously there are a lot of people
here should wish you go to jail I have
to tell you honestly I am more concerned
about the bigger picture as has been
pointed out by my two colleagues this
isn't just on the Left that Russia bad
or it's at the right as well the damage
is done and I'm not complacent about it
because if you look at the way we're
digging down deep into Syria even though
Isis is on the ropes we have no reason
to be there
we should be declaring victory and
getting out we're arming lethal weapons
to it Ukraine we're probing Russia's
territorial waters where their aircraft
I I'm afraid you know they keep talking
about 1939 pudding on the March this is
more like 1942 it
let me gently I jump in here gentlemen I
want to make a quick statement to to you
and to our viewers I Robert Perry passed
away a few days ago over at Consortium
news.com a very courageous very brave
very honest journalists we're all going
to miss him very much very much
condolences to his family and I can tell
you there's no one in the world that
will ever be able to replace the dignity
of that man in his writing so god bless
to him and his family and I and that's
how we end our program I want to thank
my guests in Washington and then and in
Los Angeles and thanks to our viewers
for watching us here at RT see you next
time and remember crosstalk rules
