we're bringing you breaking news this
hour the Pentagon has apparently told
the Inspector General for Afghanistan to
hush up how much of the country's
territory is under the control of local
Taliban insurgents that according to his
latest report this development is
troubling for a number of reasons not
least of which is that this is the first
time siga
has been specifically instructed not to
release information marked unclassified
to the American taxpayer we can get some
more details on this now I'm joined in
the studio by our TC gorged on our
vehicle thanks for coming in why are
they classifying the areas contested by
the Taliban well Nicky the United States
military have been in Afghanistan for
like almost 20 years now and the war
they've been waging there has not been
varying very well to say the least I
mean and it's not just my words it's the
words of the United States military as
early as last year their defense
secretary admitted that this is the war
that they're having a hard time with
have a listen sir I understand the
urgency I understand it's my
responsibility we're not winning in
Afghanistan right now so there you have
it this is the wall we are not winning
right now and this is despite all the
efforts the United States have been
taking you know to defeat the Taliban I
mean only in 2017 alone they carried out
some 4,300 airstrikes in a way it is a
recce it is a record-breaking number
because this is this is the new this is
the amount of airstrikes carried out
during the trumps administration it's
more than the two previous years
combined and what do we have the Taliban
is all but expanding their presence in
the country they gain more territories
they're gaining in a foothold along with
the Islamic state of course because
Islamic state is making a resurgence in
the country and it is also you know
capturing more territory more ground and
also also contained also concealed I
should rather say in this report is the
casualties and the attrition of the
Afghan army the army that is being
trained by Washington and Washington is
relying on
on those security forces to maintain the
said security which they're not doing a
very good job of apparently so all of
the factors above they have contributed
to the latest spike of violence in the
country have a look
so what is Washington's game plan now
well Washington is trying to keep a
straight face here Trump just recently
just because of this spike in violence
he said there will be no talks with the
Taliban he said that like children and
children families innocent people are
dying in their bombing so he's not
intended to you know to negotiate
although it has been somewhat of a goal
for the United States because this would
somewhat allow if a deal if a peace deal
is reached with the Taliban then this
would allow NATO a somewhat of an
honourable you know departure from the
country this is not happening the
Taliban is feeling pretty confident I
should say they are trying to even mock
Washington's stance here saying that
well you know you better talk to us
sooner than later and you can easily
reach us in our office in Doha they have
a foreign you know this is they opened
it a few years ago exactly to talk with
the Taliban and to talk with
Afghanistan's with the Afghani people
and with the United States and with
foreign powers so that's that there you
have it the stalemate is still ongoing
and so it's Trump is saying there won't
be any talks and there will be if there
are no talks there's more war and the
war they can't apparently win mmm it's a
complex situation nasty gosh Donna thank
you for those details
