there will be no Russian flag at the
2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea the
International Paralympic Committee has
upheld its ban on Team Russia though it
is allowing clean athletes to compete as
neutrals
two months earlier a similar decision
was taken by the International Olympic
Committee but while all eyes are on
Russia now allegations of doping
violations are surfacing elsewhere in
the world in the run-up to next month's
Winter Games the issue of doping has
taken the main stage once again seeing
the majority of Russian athletes band
and those eligible to participate forced
to compete under a neutral flag and
frankly at this point when you hear
doping you think Russia but is the
problem really reserved to just the one
country I'm afraid the answer is a
resounding no an investigation conducted
by a group of international researchers
at two separate sporting events back in
2011 produced a rather shocking
conclusion where more than 2,000 elite
athletes were surveyed anonymously to
encourage honest answers doping appears
remarkably widespread among elite
athletes and remains largely unchecked
despite current biological testing that
report revealed that at the thirteenth
Athletics World Championships in South
Korea over 40% of those competing
admitted to doping in the past year and
almost 60% at the pan Arab games in Doha
whereas wada only came back with 0.5% of
tests as positive in South Korea and 3.6
percent at the pan Arab games needless
to say that is a massive discrepancy and
the other surprising thing is that the
research was actually funded by wada and
yet no one heard a peep out of them
about the results which they've known
about for years we would note that there
was a delay of nearly six years between
the completion of the data collection
and the publication of this paper due to
negotiations between wada and the i
double AF and subsequently between i
double AF and the authors regarding the
authority to publish the results now it
goes on to say that neither of the
organizations imposed restrictions on
the writing of the report although I'm
not sure how a six-year delay isn't
considered a restriction the president
of Germany's Athletics Federation for
one was infuriated by the holdup banning
the publication has impaired the
possibility of taking important man
in the anti-doping campaign much earlier
this is more than annoying you could
also call it a scandal and guess what
the report was actually released months
ago but I'd bet good money that you
haven't heard a thing about it
because for some reason it wasn't made
into non-stop breaking news
no probes were conducted and no bans
were seen this was a study which of
course would raise alarms with the world
anti-doping agency instead of pursuing
it and doing further tests to determine
the accuracy to try to verify or
disprove the results of that study they
simply blocked the publication so in my
mind it's an example of the lack of
transparency and the bias and the
efforts to censor studies and news that
is problematic from their standpoint we
managed to speak to the authors of the
report they told us that their research
indicates a doping epidemic had to
international track needs we estimated
that 46% and 57% of the athletes at
these international track meets were
doping much higher than we expected
according to the results of this paper I
would call it epidemic I mean when
you're when you were talking that half
of the athletes at an international
track meet are estimated to be doing
some kind of doping I think that's a
serious problem for athletics well there
is certainly a problem how big it is
again I go back to my previous answer
that without having an accurate
reference estimation we don't know but
even if we settle for a lower figure
that just for the sake of argument I'm
not saying this is the actual figure but
just for the sake of argument if it's
10% it also important where these 10%
happens if 10% of all the medal winners
it is a big problem at the moment based
on the survey what we published is quite
high
the concerns over their figure is we
don't know much about the the athletes
compliance
