Donald Trump has surprised many with his
latest immigration move with some
critics now praising him and some
supporters now slamming him Caleb Maupin
explains amnesty for 1.8 million people
who entered the United States illegally
that's what Donald Trump has just agreed
to not exactly a hard-line conservative
policy doesn't really fit what we're
used to hearing about the Donald I think
the president might be racist president
Trump's racist comments inflammatory
racist language the situation that we're
used to has been completely reversed at
this point the guys at the right wing
outlet known as Breitbart are furious
with Trump now Trump's image is loud
brash and tough you think he'd never
apologize for anything but he recently
did apologize for making tweets that
were offensive to Muslims
I would certainly apologize if you'd
like me to do that I know nothing about
them it's been over a year and Trump is
starting to look a little bit liberal a
lot of the right-wing are disappointed
and some of the left-wing doomsayers are
looking a little bit silly
you're not having a terrible terrible
dream is there going to be remnants of a
neo fascist movement that he leads in
this country after this election this
guy is a complete clown remember Steve
Bannon that scary far-right winger who
was supposedly directing Donald Trump
behind the scenes yeah he is not on good
terms with the White House these days I
think the president's statement is
extremely clear what his position on mr.
bannon is I was pretty lengthy and
pretty detailed and there's not really
much to clarify or to add if that's in
reference to comments made by mr. bannon
I'd refer you back to the ones that he
made previously on 60 minutes where he
called the collusion with Russia about
this president a total farce we get to
really understand addressed this thing
called the deep state the shadow
government and what's happening right
now especially by what's been evinced
and indicated on online in the internet
rooms like a channel with queueing on
this is going to be the mo
a transformative president or president
C or administration ever what happened
to all of those things that he said he
was going to do he said he was going to
be more aggressive involving
investigating the link between vaccines
and autism you've even invoked the name
of Robert Kennedy I don't know what
happened to that he he he says things
and they sound terrific and then I don't
know if they're forgotten or what have
you
let me just say this it's only been a
year I feel like it's been president for
ten years
