Saturday's attack in Kabul was widely
condemned Donald Trump has reacted by
saying the u.s. is committed to a secure
Afghanistan that is free of terrorists
however the spike in violence comes as
America intensifies its bombing campaign
in the country
during the last year the u.s. dropped
over 4,000 of bombs on Afghanistan and
since August the US has carried out
twice as many airstrikes as in the
previous two years combined we discussed
this with a Sultan Muhammad Ali a former
Pakistani Air Force captain I'm afraid
that President Trump has no realization
of the intensity of the situation in
Afghanistan he has not been able to read
the picture clearly nor has he been able
to get a reality check of what is the
real problem in Afghanistan and by
announcing or even you know carrying out
attacks like last year if you recall he
had dropped the mother of all bombs all
he did was that he created more
collateral damage and he created more
enemies I don't think they can
physically through their bombs through
their threats overcome this situation
which the Allied forces when they were
at the peak they failed to do so so they
cannot do so now and more threats are
only growing to create more mayhem but
it is not going to bring peace input
into the region so President Trump I'm
afraid we'll have to revise his new
strategy because it is a faulty
