North Korea has called for breakthrough
efforts to be made in what the country's
a leader has called a reunification with
the south it comes as an inter Korea
Olympic team prepares to compete at the
upcoming Winter Games in Pyeongchang it
marks a rare moment of ease tensions on
the peninsula after a war of words
between the North the North Korea and
the u.s. Igor Jordana of takes a closer
look at that team Jang um a man who
couldn't think of anything better than
to include a threat of a nuclear winter
in his New Year's speech and Donald
Trump a man who couldn't think of
anything better than to up the ante what
ensued might one day come to be known as
the Battle of buttons until now the
entire US mainland is within the range
one nuclear strike and the button is
always on the table in my office they
should clearly know that this is
certainly not a threat but rather a
reality please inform him that I too
have a nuclear button but it is much
bigger and more powerful one than his
and my button works so everyone's
beginning to get used to the two-way
barrage of insults but then unexpectedly
Kim starts cracking out lines from a
very different plate proposing a joint
women's hockey team with South Korea at
the Winter Olympics for the first time
in history who would have thought then
on top of that the North Korean leader
invites the southern team to train at
his luxury ski resort which is also
rumored to be his vantage point for
observing missile tests and those have
reportedly been put on hold
the notorious red button is away in the
drawer and finally the despot holds out
an olive branch once again calling for
the reunification of the peninsula we
will courageously smash all of the
challenges of the nation's desire for
reunification that all the Koreans rise
up in the peacekeeping struggle against
war to baffle the reckless nuclear war
moves of the u.s. so what about his
adversary half the world away has Trump
now started trying to out flatter his
arch-nemesis well actually it seems this
switch from war to love caught the
American leader of God although
he did claim that Kim's change of heart
was of his making twice actually
sanctions and other pressures are
beginning to have a big impact on North
Korea Rocketman now wants to talk to
South Korea for the first time does
anybody really believe that talks and
dialogue would be going on between North
and South Korea right now if I wasn't
firm strong and willing to commit our
total might against the north and since
then for almost a month now nothing on
the rocket man from Trump I think this
is his way of trying to say see my
policy of pressure is having an effect
but in reality is the policy of pressure
it only made this more difficult to come
into play and had to delay that it would
have happened much sooner I think
without Trump in the picture and
unfortunately I think there's only a
temporary warming from the United States
side because due to the specific case of
it being the Olympics a sort of a
special case United States and Nelson's
going to conduct is the usual war
exercises immediately after the Olympics
but after all Trump has always
maintained he can be flexible meaning
that he can go from foe to friend with
his North Korean counterpart just like
that
so why the silence now well perhaps
Trump's brainstorming a friendly
nickname Eagers dawn of our tea
