now one of the largest consulting firms
in the world Ernst and Young has been
accused of multiple illegal dealings a
former employee who says he was fired
for revealing the allegations disclosed
that the accounting giant is involved in
bribery money laundering and the illicit
purchase of gold from conflict zones RTG
gosu Donna has more details the story
hidden in the court papers filed by this
auditor against his ex bosses could be
one of the grandest smuggling scams
greed money laundering and backdoor
dealings measured in billions of dollars
I'm Jed rehan is accusing one of the
world's biggest auditing firms of
covering up the tracks over Dubai
precious metals mega Corp Act one
colotti highs Ernst & Young for an audit
inspectors come to Dubai and the first
thing they see is a pile of Moroccan
gold bars casually bundled up on a desk
stacks of gold at a gold refinery could
be business as usual except these bars
are literally painted silver in order to
sneak them into Dubai four to five tons
of gold gold balls coated silver
smuggled out of Morocco arriving in
Dubai declared as gold when the team
found that they discussed it with with
Kalu tea and they admitted that this is
the way of doing business with with
these Moroccan suppliers
inspectors do some more digging and what
they reveal brings us to act 2 some of
the precious metal in colotti scoffers
could be blood gold shuffling through
papers auditors discovered the refinery
was more than happy to shake hands with
small mining operations in Sudan and the
Democratic Republic of Congo
apparently colotti asked for no licences
offering cash in hand in exchange for
gold
proceeds from such sales in conflict
torn countries are known to directly
fuel gang wars which are responsible for
hundreds of civilian deaths soldiers nam
group leaders seeing control of the gold
mines as a way to money guns and power
have fought each other ruthlessly often
targeting civilians in the process so
Ernst & Young employees come through
colossus cash transactions
that's when we get to Act three
apparently the company deals in cash
almost as much as in conventional bank
transfers that's billions of dollars
going into illegal black hole impossible
to trace
so the auditors diligently record every
failure of the Dubai Giant but there's
no pat on the back for them from the
boss we requested a meeting with
dubai-based regulator when they realized
that we're not going to alter our
findings or change them they went ahead
and changed their own guidelines in such
a way that our findings and our final
conclusions will not be made public
Ernst and Young have denied allegations
they were in cahoots with colotti group
the Dubai refinery is still in business
saying there's been no material impact
on their ability to operate or trade I'm
Gerry hunt the man who led the team and
exposed the alleged wrongdoings says the
auditing joined her branded him a
troublemaker and sacked him so is
blowing the whistle and Noble thing or
just a fool's errand in this saga it's
left up to the court egos dawn of our
team
