at least at 95 people have been killed
and more nearly 160 injured after a
large explosion rocked the Afghan
capital Kabul now according to reports
at citing Interior Ministry officials
local journalists belong suwari reports
from the ground we understand at this
stage that the attacker was in an
ambulance he had said he had a patient
and that he was stopped at the second
checkpoint by the police force the
attack took place right in the heart of
Kabul this is not very far from the
Swedish embassy from the European Union
from the Indonesian embassy and from the
High Peace Council which is down the
road the attack shows this constant
issue of security and intelligence
breaches the area where the attack took
place is less than 100 metres from the
office of the police chief of Kabul less
than 20 meters away from key Afghan
intelligence facilities once the area is
cleared in once the dust settles
unfortunately we will be hearing that a
lot of those killed or ordinary people
who are simply the only breadwinners for
their families and the people of
Afghanistan continued to suffer they
continue to bear the brunt of this
conflict at a time when we also see all
sides intensifying the war Afghanistan
has seen a spike in deadly deadly terror
attacks recently early this week ISIL
militants attacked the office of the
humanitarian group saved the children in
the city of Jalalabad it was followed by
a car bomb exploding outside the
premises up to 50 people were reportedly
in the building at the time of the
attack after six people were killed and
dozens more injured Save the Children
has since announced its suspending its
operations in Afghanistan and last
Saturday Taliban militants carried out a
siege attack on a luxury hotel in Kabul
that left at least 22 dead political
analyst Abdullah Highwoods says the
Afghan security forces lack a coherent
strategy in the fight against numerous
terror groups the situation is getting
even from bad to worse
the security in the Afghan security
forces are enabled you know to have a
proper strategy or plan for curbing
terrorism not only in Kabul city but all
over Afghanistan and now that we are
heading towards their strength in the
next 2-3 months probably insurgent
attacks will increase in Afghanistan and
we might end up losing quite a few
provinces to the hands of Taliban the
international community headed by the US
government and but their failed
strategies we have seen incidents in
Iraq we have seen you know the super
stirring situation in Libya in other
countries and for the past 16 17 years
we have been witnessing these strategies
in Afghanistan I don't think you know
they have a strategy for Afghanistan
