now the UK has announced that Donald
Trump will be visiting Britain in the
second half of the year anti-trump
activists have vowed to stage a huge
protest when he arrives but the US
president seems unfazed I think a lot of
the people in your country like what I
stand for their respect what I stand
under stand for tough borders like I'm
gonna come to that now so those who
don't what do you say to them I don't
care I don't care it's just one of those
things I don't I don't say anything you
know why cuz I don't care the u.s.
leaders trip to the UK had originally
been planned for February this year for
the opening of the new US Embassy in
London
however Trump cancelled the visit citing
his dislike of the new building artis
isa ali looks at how the UK and the u.s.
failed to find common ground in 2017 and
whether this year might be any better
the UK prime minister Theresa May has
invited us president Donald Trump to
visit the United Kingdom later this year
it comes as the two leaders met at the
World Economic Forum in Davos
it also comes amid rumors of a breakdown
in the relationship between the two
countries whether rumor or not what is
real is that 2017 saw a real strain in
the so-called special relationship
Teresa made don't focus on me focus on
the destructive radical Islamic
terrorism that is taking place within
the United Kingdom we're doing just fine
and perhaps the change of heart by
President Trump in order to repair that
relationship he's indicated that he's
willing to apologize for retweeting
Britain first if you're telling me that
a horribly people horrible racist people
harem I would certainly apologise if
you'd like me to do that I know nothing
about them previous announcement of a
potential visit by Trump have provoked a
backlash amongst
politicians I would not wish to issue to
speak in the Royal gallery previous
reports suggest that mr. Trump himself
postponed the potential visit to the UK
because he didn't want to be greeted by
huge protests and of attitudes have
really changed a recent poll suggests
that more than half 56 percent of Brits
don't want President Trump to visit if
Donald Trump comes to the UK we will
hold the biggest protest in British
history he will be mad by a million of
us attempt in a citizen's arrest of him
for incitement of racial hatred we spoke
to one of the anti-trump protest
organizers it's a bit disappointing that
Trump will be visiting and the Prime
Minister Theresa May has has agreed to
meet with him it's not completely
surprising to be honest but it is
disappointing you know ultimately she is
accountable to the electorate and I
think the population of Britain has more
than made its views clear in the fact
that we don't want Trump
to visit we cannot stand his views his
you know racist tweets that he's come
out with his racist policies he is going
to come here that's that's going to
happen we can't do anything about that
but whilst he's here we know we will
ensure that we hand him you know every
step he takes in this country we will be
there telling him what we think of him
and telling him what we think of his
policies should president Trump's visit
go ahead Britain's security agencies
could be getting ready for some of the
biggest protests to rock this city since
the visit of George W Bush in the wake
of the Iraq war its ally RT in London
