in less than two weeks the Winter
Olympics get underway in South Korea and
later today the International Olympic
Committee is to reveal which Russian
athletes will be allowed to compete but
Russia has already had bad news with a
number of its metal hopefuls band in
recent days yes never yes we are super
monitoring your okay we haven't played
it yet this proba Qatar and pressures
the past like me would introduce Italy
Italian I'm DJ what we choose to wear
your suit jacket over a tax value and in
peace to me that is that - mr. beaver
sasha was too polite
I thought about leaving everything
behind in returning home it was my dream
to compete to the Olympics and I was
working towards the goal through
hundreds and thousands of difficulties
through sweat and blood
Oh
gracias near Pawnee any process Ronnie
Scott's manipulation
they should be sure Orzabal Thomas
restore Team Russia was banned from
participating in the Winter Games almost
two months ago over allegations of
state-sponsored doping though clean
athletes are being given the chance to
compete as neutrals the IOC says
athletes who pass the screening
procedure will receive a personal
invitation to take part
now some 500 Russian athletes applied to
compete
the IOC gave provisional approval to 389
most of these did not compete at the
Sochi games in 2014 where most of the
doping allegations stem from on Thursday
the committee said it was preparing to
approve 169 athletes artis Ilya Petrenko
now looking at the criteria the IOC used
when screening athletes weeks after
Russia had come to terms with no team
Russia in Korea anyone with even the
slightest interest in sport in this
country was baffled dozens if clean
Russian star athletes never got their
Olympic invitations those who'd never
been under any suspicion by the sporting
federations or even the IOC when they
had everyone with a Russian passport
under the microscope
forget about your dream end of story no
explanation that could have been the
case but the International Olympic
Committee then let us know the 17
criteria they used if you don't match at
least one or rather if there's even
doubt about at least one of them you're
out there could be suspicion there could
even be an ongoing procedure there could
be many factors which did not lead to
the satisfaction of the panel the
purpose is to invite clean Russian
athletes for which this panel is certain
and has not the slightest doubt or
suspicion again 17 boxes to be ticked to
get the all-clear there's all kinds of
things on the list from the infamous
scratches on sample bottles to an
obscure final segment additional
confidential information provided by
wada
even one of those gets you a red
light but the criteria set by the IOC
itself might well raise suspicion not
only in Russia take the first two which
essentially unite all the rest by the
way being sanctioned by the IOC
investigators or any anti-doping rural a
ssin in the past the latest group of
Russian athletes who found out they're
not going were never involved in any of
that another box to take issues revealed
by the Moscow anti-doping lab database
well it's the whistleblower and his team
who used to be in charge of it it was
created by the deputy of Gregor erosion
Kevin had several levels of access until
the summer of 2016 it was possible to
change any of the data there the world
anti-doping agency commented on this
back in 2013 it cannot serve as evidence
I've mentioned scratches and marks on
sample bottles arguably the most solid
proof that however was never shown to
the public just like the visual results
of the bottle flow experiments back to
the wadis mysterious additional data
that amounts to intelligence extracted
from its whistleblower program and other
sources many people in Russia would like
to know who these sources are and why
they should be trusted one more segment
additional intelligence provided by the
International winter Federation's I'll
tell you what the association that
unites these federations sent the IOC a
request to clarify what's going on some
Federation officials seem to have been
racking their brains while the president
of the International biathlon union was
particularly outspoken it is very sad if
there is no direct proof of Schiphol ins
guilt the IB you tested him in numerous
occasions and he never tested positive
for a banned substance so apparently
it's all down to the criteria of
choosing the right criteria Russians who
compete in the games will have to follow
strict rules according to the latest IOC
guidelines they must not participate in
any events associated with Russia
national symbols such as the flag or the
national anthem the same goes for social
media the posting of official symbols
forbidden and Russian athletes are also
prohibited from participating in
alternative victory ceremonies including
any organised by the Russian Olympic
Committee Russian competitors though
they can they are allowed to display
their national flag in their bedrooms we
discussed out the latest are surrounding
Russia's Olympic saga with a three-time
world champion alpine ski racer
Austria's Karl trans he says the IOC's
actions are unprecedented you have to be
clean but the russians are clean and if
they're if one is not clean then i is is
supposed to be banned from the olympics
but not the whole team it's the first
time that our nation gets banned from
the olympics and this is this is very
bad for the sport if russia but don't
participate on the olympics then the
olympics are gone
