well meanwhile the UK's defense
secretary has accused Russia of a plot
to damage the British economy and kill
thousands of people
Gavin Williamson made those comments in
an interview with British newspaper The
Daily Telegraph what they're looking at
doing is they're going to be thinking
how can we just cause so much pain to
Britain damage its economy rip its
infrastructure apart actually caused
thousands and thousands and thousands of
deaths but actually have an element of
creating total chaos within the country
well Russia's Defense Ministry has
responded to those claims saying they
belong in a comic book or a Monty Python
sketch Williamson's remarks appeared in
the same week the UK's military called
for more funding to tackle the alleged
Russia threat there's also been media
speculation about possible Russia's
cyberattacks and even nuclear war when
it's unfair what these claims are
actually based on international affairs
commentator Jonathan Steele told us the
UK's defense secretary is just scare
mongering it's absurd to create a scare
like this out of absolutely nothing we
have to distinguish between military
capabilities and political intentions
just because Russia has a fleet and Air
Force missiles and army it doesn't mean
that Russia is suddenly no attackers
because it reveals the fact that
unfortunately as a result of this
increasingly bellicose
political atmosphere between NATO
countries Russia is taking extra
precautions and testing its own reserves
and possibilities what we need is common
sense we need dialogue we did engagement
and to discuss the differences that
there are between us rather than
assuming because their differences is
somehow but the other country is an
enemy
