thousands of memos written by former
Pentagon chief Donald Rumsfeld have been
made public
they cover a surprising range of
subjects from just before the 9/11
attacks up until he retired in 2006 and
give a rare insight into the strategic
thinking at the time
Leigha Petrenko delves into the
sometimes amusing documents now here's
the HQ of the world's mightiest army
being in charge of it is a hell of a job
who else suddenly has to order a full
list of languages spoken in Afghanistan
or worry about the pronunciation of the
word Islam and even hassle their
assistants for a dentist's appointment
like seriously that's what the only
American who's twice been Pentagon boss
was up to Donald Rumsfeld forget the
book he wrote for future generations
about his career in case you're
interested in his experience thanks to
the Freedom of Information Act you can
now learn directly from mr. Rumsfeld
so-called snowflakes what do you think I
should do with this Collins memo I look
at it and I don't know what to do with
it please take a look at this article
and tell me what you think I want to do
about it I need to start seeing films
overheads video and photos everyone in
the room is seeing all kinds of video
and pictures and talking about them and
I have no idea what they're talking
about so the nickname snowflakes was for
the tiny notes or memos for subordinates
oh I'd love to have a job where I could
go I've got an article here just read it
didn't get a thing what should I do
about it you'll find loads of snowflakes
like that and the DoD archive apparently
that's how it worked there something
just pops up and mr. Rumsfeld's mind he
types it out boom the word homeland is a
strange word homeland defense sounds
more German than American let's visit
about this
someday in a press conference the
president is gonna be asked how many NSC
and cabinet meetings he had it could be
embarrassing
need to think of bad things that could
happen and good things that could happen
please give me a list of both the next
one will give you an idea of how tough
the boss could get if staff misbehaved
if people come late to meetings we
should remove their plates from the
table well what else can you do if
assistants just can do their job
properly if I'm going to give gifts I
have to know what's in them we say Islam
with an S not a Z and Muslim with an s
not a CC I still need a dentist
appointment with a quick summary of
rummy snowflakes
I'm Ilya petrenko
