WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange has
launched an appeal to get his UK arrest
warrant overturned if his legal
challenge is successful he may soon be
able to walk free from the Ecuadorian
Embassy in London where he's been living
for the past five and a half years an
Associate Georgina has the details
more twists and turns in the seemingly
endless an extremly legally complicated
case of Julian Assange the WikiLeaks
founder has been holed up inside the
secretory at Embassy in London for over
five and a half years now
a crucial hearing has taken place in
London today where a judge is
considering Julian Assange's
appeal for a potential lifting of an
arrest warrant based off of his alleged
breach of bail conditions back in 2012
now the latest understanding that we
have is that a decision might come not
sooner than a week from now the announce
date so far seems to have been February
6th where we will learn more about the
fate of the Julian Assange case if the
judge does decide to rule in his favor
potential new doors will be open for
himself and his legal team to consider
in terms of how to move forward with his
case and hopefully eventually get him
out of this embassy here it has to be
said though of course that British
officials have said time and time again
that they would arrest Julian Assange
were he to walk out of this embassy of
course his concern was that he would
potentially be extradited to the US
where he's not favoured very much given
the work of WikiLeaks that has been
exposing some of the activities of the
US government and of course all of that
said the reason that this situation
unraveled kind of in the first place was
because Swedish officials wanted to
follow him following potential alleged
sexual abuse concerns now what is
important is that those have been long
lifted now so Julian Assange arguments
in this latest case to have the arrest
warrant lifted is that those have been
dropped
so the any potential alleged breach of
bail conditions should also be lifted
crucially of course we have to say that
organizations such as the United Nations
have said that his detention is
arbitrary and in violation of
international law Ecuadorian officials
here in London have raised concerns
about his potential well-being saying
the situation of him stay
holed up behind sort of inside four
walls for so long is obviously not
sustainable according to them so lots of
questions now in terms of where this
case will move forward
obviously what's crucial as well is that
within the last month Ecuadorian
officials had granted Julian Assange
Ecuadorian citizenship also raising lots
of questions about the possibility of
potentially him being granted diplomatic
status which could make it easier for
him to get out of the UK but all of
those questions really yet to be
answered as this hearing continues and
now all eyes are going to be on what
this judge decides in the weeks to come
here in London
