Washington has accused turkey of
destabilizing northern Syria after
Ankara announced is extending its
military operation closer to positions
held by US troops in the region
Turkey's operation began last week and
is targeting Kurdish militia some of the
groups are considered a terrorist by
Ankara but allies by Washington the US
State Department has described what is
happening in northern Syria as a shame
people now have to flee an area that was
previously considered pretty stable I
mean what a shame that is think about
all that this country has been through
and now we're looking at another
disruption in northwestern Syria because
turkey is taking his eye off the ball
Isis and going after the PKK at this
time the weapons have been provided to
the YPG by the United States the
promises which have never been kept by
United States it's man Beach lately
Trump's statements saying that we won't
give any weapons to YPG anymore even as
he was saying that we are not giving in
last night's telephone conversation
created a trust crisis however the phone
call between the Turkish and American
presidents mentioned by anchors Foreign
Minister has been viewed differently by
the two countries
president Trump relayed concerns the
escalating violence in Aafrin Syria
risks undercutting our shared goals in
Syria he urged Turkey to de-escalate
limit its military actions and avoid
civilian casualties the White House
statement about the content of the phone
call between Trump and aired on was
probably drafted before the conversation
took place because it did not reflect
the truth our Washington correspondent
Samira Khan that said that deteriorating
relations between the two allies no
matter how many times Washington says on
cards it's a lie the reality is far from
it as distrust between the true grows
stronger u.s. Turkish relations are
headed south
turkey is an important NATO ally we
understand fully understand turkeys
concerns America is in the process of
creating a terrorist army on our border
America do not encroach on our borders
do not provoke us we will run out of
patience this has led to consequences on
the ground
Inman Beach the Turks and the Kurds came
so close to each other they were almost
at each other's throats and then
Washington literally had to step in to
prevent them from fighting but no
lessons learned clearly especially
considering the Turkish campaign against
the Kurds in a freeing right now don't
be friends with kurz if you want to keep
good relations isn't the only signal
Washington missed the coup attempt back
in 2016 made things worse there's
Fethullah Gulen a Turkish cleric living
in exile in the US
Unger thinks Gulen orchestrated it and
demands that the u.s. extradite him and
recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's
capital did it do with their relations
and he could either and it even created
an opening for air to want to grab the
throne as leader of the Muslim world's
resistance to Washington
Trump why are you backing Israel whether
it's occupation torture and terrorism is
that what you were defending one would
think that the US would take the fury of
their ally into consideration before
making any rash decisions but instead of
treading carefully Washington threatened
to cut aid to all of the countries
opposed to the Jerusalem decision the
most important problem between that
States and Turkey is that is that there
is no you know nobody a you know trust
the other one this is the main problem
for tricky especially Turkish people and
Turkish government never rely on never
trust in United States especially in
middles and
issues so whether this has all been
delivered or not Washington has only
been tangling this not further and
further
