tritter has found no substantial
evidence of Russian interference during
the UK's 2016 brexit referendum the
findings have left those looking into
alleged Russian meddling angered and
pushing for a further investigation this
is how the conversation went between
Twitter and the head of the inquiry we
found that 1% of the accounts in the
dataset were registered in Russia could
you confirm how many other accounts were
being controlled from agencies in Russia
even if they were not registered there
we do not have sufficiently strong
evidence to enable us to conclusively
link them with Russia the failure to
obtain straight answers is simply
increasing concerns about these issues
rather than reassuring people well the
British government isn't happy with the
fact that twitter has provided for them
and the thrust of Twitter's message is
that 1% of accounts that have been
identified as sort of meddling in the EU
referendum are registered in Russia and
this all started when questions were
raised late last year about whether
Russia had perhaps interfered in that EU
referendum and the problem was that
there was no proof to back up these
claims of Russian interference online
and through social media platforms take
a listen to what the Foreign Secretary
Boris Johnson had to say about alleged
Russian meddling I haven't seen
the evidence of that you seem uncertain
about whether you've seen it all you
have another of your confirm or can't
confirm to you mr. Brandt that I don't
think so with no facts and no evidence
this was a topic that had still really
snowballed into public consciousness it
had drawn a lot of column inches and
everybody very interested in it so the
government launched an official inquiry
into fake news and they asked the big
social media platforms Twitter and
Facebook to provide evidence to them
late last year when Twitter and Facebook
came back to them the government said
they weren't happy with what they had
come back with they accused Twitter of
stonewalling them and even threatened
them with sanctions if they didn't
cooperate properly another social media
platform Facebook has agreed to dig
deeper in an attempt to find Russian
links to brexit their initial results
show that less than one pound was spent
on ads that may have affected voting
author and journalist max Blumenthal
thinks the Russian fever doesn't need
real evidence to cause impact this whole
saga of Russia gate it really represents
an attempt to export Russia gate to
other countries during the run-up to the
brakes at vote we heard nothing about
Russian influence but once Russia Gate
exploded in Washington opponents of
brexit seized on the concept of Russian
meddling gets enough toxicity in the
political bloodstream that it damages
their opponents and they don't have time
to push back and by the time they
disprove the narrative the damage is
already done
