journalists in the US have noticed a
quietly made added to the official
mission statement of the National
Security Agency online it turns out the
words honesty trust and openness are now
all gone the old core values used to
begin with the word honesty saying that
the American people have placed great
trust in the NSA and therefore the
agency promises to honor that with
openness
well now it's instead starts with the
phrase commitment to service here's how
the NSA explained the changes it's
nothing more than a website update
that's all it is
the effort to delete words that are that
mean a lot to Americans such as honesty
and and transparency and what have you
is is something that is important but if
the National Security Agency is deleting
it I think that it means that they're
getting more according to reality as to
just how these intelligence agencies
work they are they're not called the
deep State for nothing and and and the
only thing that they did agree that they
did keep was the provision of respecting
the law and and but but even there they
they fudge on that
