hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
we're told a secret society existed
within the FBI with a sole intent to
undermine candidate and then later
President Donald Trump also we're told
the FBI lost text messages from members
of this secret society with Russia Gate
rapidly losing steam do we now have FBI
gate
Krauss released the memo I'm
joined by my guess
Daniel Faraci in Washington he is
director of grassroots political
consulting in Atlanta we have Kevin ship
he is a former Central Intelligence
Agency officer as well as author of from
the company of shadows
and in Lake Jackson we cross through
Daniel McAdams he is the executive
director of the Ron Paul Institute for
peace and prosperity
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate
Kevin you drove three hours to come to
this program so you get you have the
honor of having the first question here
okay Kevin you know when I was growing
up I was a young boy but I used to play
hooky from school to watch the Watergate
hearings the only time I ever did that
when I was a school kid even a student
and it was quite fascinating it's
probably why I ended up what I'm doing
now and what was interesting then is
that a crime was committed and then an
investigation ensued and the Nixon White
House tried to recruit the FBI to to do
dirty tricks to fix things to make the
cover-up go away etc etc now we have
this situation in Washington where it's
the FBI that seems to be driving what's
going on here Russia gate has lost a lot
of steam we can still have the innuendos
and the rumors and the leaks
but it hasn't amounted to anything but
day after day it looks like the FBI is
where the real problem is Kevin go ahead
yes the real concern here is it appears
that there's been a weaponization of the
secret intelligence agencies in this
case specifically FBI
counterintelligence and they're a huge
concern here is it appears that FBI
management colluded an FBI agents
actually swore false affidavits to the
FISA Court to the FISA Court judges
which resulted in NSA surveillance of a
presidential campaign and transition
team that that is very serious
okay well it's called the fruit of the
poison tree Daniel in Washington here
it's there a real crisis going on here I
mean this is the premier law enforcement
agency in the
United States certainly maybe even in
the whole world here are these people
that can be trusted lost emails
counterintelligence is supposed to be
watching emails and they lose their own
I mean I'm sorry it is hard for me to
believe that
go ahead Daniel in Washington yeah
absolutely we have a few answers to this
question one is the FBI in specific
since Herbert Hoover and the movie that
was portrayed on him to Comey
the FBI has been a political institution
I know great agents that work there and
some that have left there but at the in
the bureaucracy and the leadership it
has been known as a political weapon and
has been utilized look at Bill Clinton's
background as well I mean it's a lot of
very recent history where it's continued
to be used in the way it is but yes we
do right now have a constitutional
crisis where davon Nunez many of the
other congressmen House Homeland
Security Committee Chairman Ron Johnson
in his statements yesterday they have
woken up to the fact of the flagrant
abuse weaponization and politicizing of
this institution and it creates a very
dangerous precedent because this goes
back to a Hoover style yeah you know in
the way that they're doing things and
being able to as Kevin I just said
surveil a candidate and surveil a
transition team under false pretenses
missing text messages come on there's no
such thing I could recover my own if I
deleted them tomorrow so this is just
beyond the pale grand new Daniel in Lake
Jackson we have J Edgar Comey I think is
the new movie that's going to be made
here you know but what it's very
troubling is that Peter struck that you
know he's kind of their premier
character and all of this right now I
mean the Hillary emails and then we have
the the flynn interrogation etc etc he
still has his job why why why isn't he
on leave why isn't he gone in front of a
to face legal you know complications of
what he's done I mean there's none of it
at all if we don't even hear from him go
ahead well this goes back to the the
whole problem with the FBR in the first
place remember when it was first formed
the first thing it did is started spying
on anti-war people in the early part of
the 20th century and putting them to
jail FBI agents do what if the rest of
us did it we would be sent to jail and
that's the core problem in in blundering
and losing quote losing evidence is
nothing new a look at the cliven Bundy
case in in in the western part of the
United States
they absolutely obstructed justice they
got rid of evidence to exonerate them
and they were founded doing it the same
thing happen if you remember a few years
ago in Ruby Ridge in Waco under
President Clinton this is part and
parcel of what the FBI does this is the
danger of having an organization like
the FBI national police force kind of a
Stasi for the United States so really is
nothing new but what they do the rest of
us would be thrown in jail if we did it
yeah Kevin what is Jeff Sessions doing
is he perpetually on vacation or maybe
maybe we don't know maybe he has already
called some Special Investigations he's
not obligated to tell the public that
he's doing that as a matter of fact he
really can't okay but I really have to
wonder I mean you know there's so many
of these things you know we want to find
out there's Donald Trump in the White
House there's Jeff Sessions at the
Department of Justice they can release
any documents they want what's going on
explain it Kevin well you know Peter I
was in counterintelligence with the CIA
and we worked daily with the FBI and at
the lower levels I worked with some
ashlee fantastic FBI agents but at the
upper levels I can tell you we saw a
constant politicizes even leaking
information to the press on cases that
we had but up to attorney general
sessions one thing we did learn about
the FBI and was kind of frustrating
it'll take them a
year or years to investigate a case just
moving and plotting along dotting every
I crossing every T I think sessions is
just being careful slow and and really
meticulous and what he's doing it's
frustrating they're not going to come
out and say things that will get
sessions or others in trouble until they
have things solidified so although it's
kind of frustrating and I hear all the
time people are are wondering about
sessions but silence does not
necessarily mean that there's a bad
thing going on it could just mean that
Trump and sessions are building a solid
irrefutable case okay well Daniel in
Washington do you think that case is
against Jim Comey Loretta Lynch a
Samantha power I mean in these types of
people here because it appears that they
have their fingerprints all over this
and then we can talk about the entire
history of the quote-unquote Russia
dossier okay which is a whole different
Avenue to go down go ahead Daniel in
Washington I think the problem I kind of
disagree on the Attorney General
Sessions part okay he has not been
effective he has not been a good leader
and he has not done which is
unprecedented when you have a change of
party you get rid of all of the
institutional employees and you bring in
your own people this has Obama era
attorneys working all throughout his
institution he brings rod Rosen sign in
and also you know recuse himself instead
of proactively addressing the
administration on this entire Special
Counsel investigation in addition to
that he's the the White House is not
known as a well-run machine right now
they do not have their act together
internally and this is you could see it
in State Department DoD so many other
places that really need White House
direction but I find that attorney
general sessions is not doing his job
effectively you mentioned a litany of
things that he should be speaking about
at least addressing and hiring and
directing and he's just not doing it and
I think that was you know a poor choice
to have him in that position and if we
had Rudy Giuliani right now oh you have
a completely opposite situation and
absolutely in the Department of Justice
Daniel II in Lake Jackson I mean is you
know one of the things that we're
witnessing right now and I think it's
the real dilemma is that you have this
entire you have many people in the
highest I don't know echelons of the FBI
that appear to be in collusion from what
we know let's be careful here and then
you have this special in but you have
the special prosecutor and juxtapose
that both of them here I mean if mother
comes out with something you know in its
accusatory inflammatory there's gonna be
a lot of people and I'm gonna be one of
them gonna say but what about
investigating the investigators do you
see the kind of deadlock this is going
to create and I think that's another
real crisis that the country is facing
there's no confidence in the probe I
mean of course you wouldn't hear that on
CNN and Amba seem to see I mean the the
junk that they spew is this
extraordinary but the the rest of the
country is listening and wondering
what's going on is there a crisis here
go ahead Daniel in at Lake Jackson well
I wonder how many of the rest of us I'm
sure Peter you feel the same way are
wondering about the Moller investigation
where's Russia this was talking we
should remember this is all about
Oh Daniel I'm his campaign team please
forgive me I forgot all about that okay
you're right go ahead if you're supposed
to you're supposed to yet just just
relax you'll be okay listen to CNN no no
we're not talking this was a very very
limited investigation of whether the
Trump campaign and Trump himself
colluded with Russia whether five or six
years ago President Putin woke up one
morning and said you know what I bet
Donald Trump is gonna be President
someday so let's set up this whole chain
of events to entrap him in a way that we
can manipulate him and make him our
puppet this is what the whole thing was
supposed to be about yeah and now we're
talking about an interview with Trump
and Mueller to talk about whether there
might have been obstruction of justice
when he fired Comey as a previous
speaker said very well he had a right to
fire all these people and he should have
that was probably his big mistake he's
all bluster and no action okay gentlemen
I'm gonna
in here we're gonna go to a short break
and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on release the
memo welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
to remind you we're discussing release
the memo
okay Kevin let me go back to you in
Atlanta I guess we have another dilemma
facing us here again you know there's a
viewer of CNN or MSNBC if they
accidentally tuned into this program
here they wouldn't have a clue of what
we're talking about okay and I'm talking
about release the memo and of course you
know I'm really glad that Twitter and
Facebook corrected the record you know
it's not actually we're using the
hashtag for this program right now but
after Facebook and Twitter said it
wasn't Russian BOTS okay so I wanted
we're in the clear here at crosstalk but
Kevin here this memo either is goodish
you know it's good to unglue everything
or it's the all time
nothing burger because depending on what
media outlet you're watching you have
won't you have a choice go ahead Kevin
well yet this memo could and probably
will unravel the Russian collusion
narrative right now the memos classified
secret and and unfortunately the
government over uses that to conceal
information from Congress but I think
the pressure from the public is so
strong that this memo will be released
congressmen and senators who've seen it
have come out and said that is it is a
shocking abuse of power by the FBI and
the CIA for that matter who leaked the
dossier area information calling it
intelligence the memo is serious it very
possibly documents illegal criminal
activity on the part of some FBI agents
we don't know whether it's struck or who
that falsified affidavits to the FISA
Court and you don't lie to a judge
that's serious this this memo is going
to come out I'm absolutely absolutely
convinced it's going to stop the entire
Russian narrative and it's going to turn
things back on what I hope will be a
criminal probe into abuse of power in
the uppermost levels of the FBI Daniel
in Washington with that prompt what I'm
gonna again betray my age here like a
church commission or is it so polarized
now that it would be impossible Oh
gentlemen I I'm very serious here he you
know even if evidence comes out there
was incriminating evidence for the FBI
these people are very very powerful and
they have the resource called the media
behind them so this is the collision I'm
worried about
what what people speculate that are in
that memo memo I've been saying on this
program for 18 months so I'm not
surprised okay go ahead Daniel in
Washington two quick points Kevin I
agree with that it will come out and the
insurmountable pressure will come and
there probably will be some heads that
will roll because of it
but as I've said on this program many
times before from Syria to Ukraine to
sanctions to expansion of NATO to
continued provocation of Russia phobia
from here to the EU to UK to blame
Russia for everything from brexit to our
election the narrative will never cease
against Russia and Russian collusion
because we still seek to take advantage
from Russia over Arctic mineral natural
resources and that's what the crux of
all this has been since 2011 so
unfortunately even though this could be
a huge smoking gun that narrative will
not cease and there provocated and
spreading that continuously you hear it
every day in the halls of Congress -
throughout this town so that's not going
to change I wish it would but it just
simply won't daniel in lake tracks
that's a very interesting point i
believe this anti Russia hysteria will
continue irrespective okay it's not
based on anything it's just a hysterical
supposition that has been inserted into
public discourse here but I mean it will
in this kind of chunk it goes into my
mantra about the media I mean when we
read the memo we all will it's only four
pages and we'll all read it very fast
and will depending on how you look at
everything you're gonna come to a
conclusions very quickly I'm pretty sure
about that but you know do you think and
this is what's really got me got my goat
for the last year how is the mainstream
media going to spin this I mean are they
actually going to say that oh the
Republicans in Congress are now you
drumroll everybody oh they're in cahoots
with the Russians because that's what
they're going to say all of the GOP in
the house is working for Vladimir Putin
it's not impossible Daniel go ahead and
Lake Jackson
IIIi agree with you on that but I tend
to slightly disagree a bit with the
other guests on the memo itself I
believe it might be a bit of political
theater no this was authored by Devin
eNOS and particularly his staff on the
House Intelligence Committee and newness
is known for over selling things he's
done it in the past
here's newness who was who had these
this information in his hands he knew
about the FBI's abuse of the FISA
process process yet he was one of the
key members of the House of
Representatives demanding that we extend
section 702 of the FISA Court so they
can continue spying on the rest of us
yeah so his credentials on actually
caring about the abuse of the FISA
system are very very suspect the other
aspect of the memo the Republicans
screaming released a memo released a
memo do a Mike Gravel
micro Volant to the floor of the Senate
and he read the Pentagon Papers into the
Congressional Record that's how we found
out what was going in Vietnam so all the
members that are whining and moaning
about we need to release it just get
your butt down to the floor and read the
memo and we'll finally hear it that's a
great idea
Kevin weigh in up because I think
because the way it's polarized even if I
can use this word because it's it's it's
so abused these days even if you get to
the truth will the truth be conveyed
because again you have these major
liberal networks and news outlets they
are so enamored with their own nonsense
and their own vision because of their
blind hatred of Donald Trump and Russia
is always a good foil it has been a cold
war all the way to the present okay what
I'm saying is they don't have to have
any kind of anything that it touches
reality because the narrative is it has
such a strong current that facts don't
matter and then I worry about that too
go ahead Kevin in Atlanta yeah I agree
then this is the people's house the
Congress in the Senate they need to take
this memo down to the floor I couldn't
agree more and read it to the American
people constitutionally that's who they
serve and with the mainstream media we I
think we all have to understand the
mainstream media in terms of reporting
the truth is
essentially gone there are six major
corporations that control the media
about 20 CEOs control the news and the
editors they're connected into Wall
Street what some are calling the deep
state now and also I am aware of the
fact for some years that even the CIA
has connections and controlled to the
median kind of a quid pro quo
relationship and sometimes the media
with this parent what the government
says so the media is gone there's no
question about that
you know Daniel should we believe the
FBI anymore
I mean that this is a crisis a huge
crisis that they're dealing with and and
is it possible to clean up the the FBI I
mean mass firing I mean you know it'll
be the Saturday night massacre or 1937
you know Soviet Union I mean it's gonna
be it would have to be a huge purge yeah
it is possible to do and it starts with
the director why Christopher Ray was
ever an administration I have no idea
somebody that they need a non-attorney
that was actually served in the
intelligence services as a background is
not tied to the bureaucracy and could go
up and clean up and bring in whoever
they want that would be the way to do it
and that would be and it will remain in
institutions so you have to clean it up
or they're just gonna let it run amok as
it has been for so many years and then
as far as graduating to the Special
Counsel we know no in spite of this memo
whether it's released or not the only
thing they're going to charge is either
trying to trip up the President on a
perjury charge from his interview or
simply money laundering and financial
impropriety from people like manna Ford
and Flynn and if I were the president
and advising him right now to kill the
collusion story once and for all I would
just advise him to say hey look at my
campaign team at the end of the day if
they were handed a blueprint from the
Russian government these guys are so
incompetent they couldn't have done it
on their best day and then you killed
the rest of that story that's what I
would do that's absolutely perfect I
love that Danya weigh in on that because
I think that that's absolutely brilliant
here
you know that this it's taken on a life
of its own this own Russia gate thing I
mean you how you can find anything
around the world did you know did you
hear that that you know Russia now house
has these killer crocodiles you know and
it's all you know pointed against
America and the West that's a real story
it's a real story that popped up here
where is this Daniel where is this gonna
go what is it where is this gonna go
with the FBI well I guess I'm one little
radical because I don't believe we need
an FBI 400 in some years without one
there's no use of having it the
intelligence services can handle
counterintelligence just fine
most of the crimes that the FBI is
involved in are made-up crimes most of
the terrorism that investigates it
itself has been involved in fomenting so
we don't need an FBI just of the issue
of the news I would mention one other
thing and I'm sure you know this Peter
Hamilton 68 the organization the
Association for for defending democracy
Bill Kristol Mike Morell yeah this is an
organization funded by the US government
yeah and this is the one that is
following all of our hashtags and all
our Twitter accounts and it finds a rush
of BOTS everywhere so you have collusion
among the neo cons and the never Trump
Hillary i'ts that's a perfect storm
that's what's keeping this alive yeah
you know campaign Hamilton 68 I'm sure
is a big fan of this program I'm waiting
for their their next scribed or the
write about us okay Kevin you've been in
government here I mean what is the
possibility of correcting these wrongs
and these are wrongs that we only know
now what it seems so much more could
come out go ahead well I'm really
concerned that Russian crocodile is
gonna get Donald Trump that no I'm just
kidding
it in terms of the FBI we we know that
over and over and over Michael Flynn is
a good example if the FBI can't prove a
charge like Russia Co collusion they'll
drum up something else their favorites
are lying to investigators in the case
of Trump
what Mueller is starting to do is veer
off a Russia into obstruction of justice
and try to get Trump on an unrelated
charge that's what they do they say they
always get their man and they
mean that even if it's an injustice to
do that that's a concern well people be
prosecuted it's gonna be almost
virtually impossible to prosecute anyway
that's the way what some people call the
deep state shadow government works
it protects its own from the top down
but I'm telling you people and and this
is where the American people come in to
demand this through their congressmen
and Senators they need to demand that
people if there were false sworn
affidavits for FISA warrants on a
presidential campaign the American
people need to demand not just firings
or reassignments but criminal
prosecution who watches the Watchmen who
investigates the FBI we've got an
out-of-control weaponized FBI now
something dramatically needs to look
about be done about that the American
people need to claim and cry we've run a
man that we've do a run out of time
gentlemen I have a feeling that Donald
Trump will be indicted for over Twitter
use I don't know many thanks to my guess
in Washington Atlanta and in Lake
Jackson and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
