hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
days ago the US Secretary of Defense
James Madison revives America's global
defense strategy
it is a dark vision of the world and
calls for massive defense spending what
he calls the defense strategy critics
say is a blueprint for wars without end
Krauss sucking endless worse i'm joined
by my guest michael Vlahos in washington
he is a professor of strategy at the
johns hopkins university also in washin
and we have Christopher Nye Wayne he is
a former Army police sergeant Iraq war
veteran and contributor to the hill
newspaper and in percival we cross to
Phillip geraldi he is a former CIA
counterterrorism specialists who is now
executive director of the Council for
the national interests alright gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in anytime you want and I
always appreciate it
Phillip let me go to you first in
personal I read the report in and I will
repeat what I said in my introduction I
thought it to be a rather dark vision of
the world it's less about defense
strategy than preserving or advancing
hegemony around the world and I found it
remarkably lacking in any kind of
discussion of international law go ahead
Phillip well yes I mean international
law did not enter into it yeah it it is
not a as it describes itself a defense
strategy it's an offense strategy and
and essentially what it does it takes
away any genuine threats against the
United States and against the American
people like Isis and it's it shifts the
defense burden on to being competitive
with other countries in the world most
specifically Russia and China and and
essentially it creates a case if you
want to call it that for spending vast
amounts of more money on defense
basically to promote American interests
which have nothing whatsoever to do with
defending the country okay that was my
reading as well Michael weigh in on that
okay of course I think we would all
agree that the United States has an
adversarial relationship with Russia and
China I can accept that they all have
their own national interests and they
will pursue them however the way
shifting away from terrorism taking away
even and talk of the climate I I got
this feeling reading apart we're going
back into the 19th century of great
power struggles here the difference is
these powers have nuclear weapons go
ahead Michael
well this is primarily an exercise in
strategic rhetoric and as such it lays
out a kind of highly aggressive
ceremonial strategy what you might call
a fierce face strategy and that is
simply because the US has entered a
historical period where its leadership
is declining and will eventually find
itself say like Spain did in the early
17th century in a position where it can
no longer orchestrate the kind of
hegemonic status that hit had come to
define itself own and so my sense is the
u.s. is staking out highly aggressive
histrionics and theater in order to
maintain others of a fear and in order
to cloak the increasing insecurity that
we feel because as as you said Peter
although we're pursuing a kind of
endless war strategy as Spain found out
in the 17th century endless war feeds on
itself and at the very end of that
you're kind of used up and that's where
we are now where we're entering into a
kind of Twilight period that may last as
long as it did for Spain as long as 40
years before we finally give up and say
well we can't do this anymore okay Chris
sir let me read some of the words from
James Madison he was introducing the
report here but I found quite
bewildering here to those who threaten
America's experiment in democracy if you
challenge us you it will be your longest
and worst day so what does this have to
do with national security I mean who is
attacking America's democracy other than
the Democratic Party cheating Bernie
Sanders and possibly the DOJ trying to
undermine and a legally elected
president of the United States I find it
really quite galling that the Defense
Secretary is talking about democracy
when one can make the the supposition
that it's very challenged in the u.s.
itself go ahead Christopher sure I think
that you
secretary mattis is a marine he
understands war I understand war and I
think that taking this position he's
asserting himself he's establishing a
tenor on the on the global stage and
we're just sort of stating the obvious
that these are global powers on the on
the end of a long history I mean
post-world War two the main power
players
have in some ways stayed the same but
the u.s. role has expanded I actually
look at this a little bit differently in
Reverse I think we want to the u.s. is
focusing on nuclear deterrence and the
idea of this strategy is focused back on
deterring nuclear powers namely North
Korea from continuing to be aggressive
while reducing endless war I think we've
seen I think Russia and the United
States has both seen the experience of
endless combat with forces that are sort
of enigmatical Ike Isis you know we
there's ways to control those without
having those endless conflicts so it's a
recalibration focused on principled
security networks in Asia and preventing
those kinds of conflicts and yes China
and Russia are powerful nation states
they're sovereign and and those were the
traditional you know sort of power
players and so we're just focused on the
basics okay you know Philip can I read
you some more words from there that from
the secretary quote we will develop
enduring coalition's to consolidate
gains we have made gains
I repeat gains we've made in Afghanistan
Iraq Syria and elsewhere to support the
lasting defeat of terrorists as we sever
their sources of strength and
counterbalance Iran I mean gains I don't
know what he's talking about whatsoever
the candidate Trump said that he didn't
want to go down the path of
nation-building well the United States
now always involved a nation-building in
part of Syria okay that path is being
continued here I can't see any gains in
the countries that I just mentioned I
don't know what he's talking about
Phillip yeah well I don't either I think
that he's completely delusional I
there's another comment in the report or
by mattis where he I sent the report
basically says there's a confusion by
the Russians Chinese and Iranians
between Civic issues and military issues
now what country in the world has had
confused Civic and military issues more
than the United States so I really don't
get this I think that there certainly
have been no gains nothing but disasters
in those countries that he cited and and
there's other stuff in this report I'm
sorry it's not a conventional laying out
of American strategy moving forward and
it's this is more so a a a ticket for
mischief on the part of the
administration and if there's a if we go
to the issue of nuclear weapons
obviously nuclear weapons should be a
major issue and there's a comment in
here that basically says that the U in
the report that the United States when
confronted with with issues of national
importance like the standard of living
of Americans will be able to use nuclear
weapons in a first-strike capacity and
this is quite incredible stuff and
that's again in that concludes countries
that do not have those kinds of weapons
I would like to point out as well
okay you know Michael you know what I'm
really kind of confused here is that and
I want to ask the same question of
Christopher is that is this Donald
Trump's foreign policy because it's very
stark contrast to what he ran on okay
everything that's going on right now
from from Yemen to Syria again Iran is
in being targeted here I mean it seems
to be such a continuation there doesn't
seem to matter who's the president of
the United States it's the deep state
that decides who our enemies are and how
though they will be dealt with okay
because I I just I can't the contrast is
Soak great that I've never seen it from
a candidate to a president in my
lifetime go ahead Michael
well candidates get captured when they
move from the campaign and from their
own voice however authentic or
inauthentic it is and then they get
subsumed into the imperial worldview of
the Imperial City and the courtiers or
the deep state if you want to call it
that instead reshape their worldview and
in many ways
is the the overarching sensibility in
Washington today in terms of strategy is
one of tremendous anxiety and insecurity
yeah yeah so a grandstanding strategy a
grandstanding strategy that looks like
it's doing things that looks aggressive
like the war on Isis it's all a
wonderful kind of demonstration and
display the u.s. is not going to risk a
big war with either China or Russia but
it will grandstand
hence the 10,000 or so Barrett 50
caliber sniper rifles to Ukraine that is
grandstanding the same with Rocketman in
North Korea it's a way of the u.s.
boasting forcefully but what I would
bring home I think is the contrast
between forceful boasting of Trump and
the very much more successful forceful
boasting of Teddy Roosevelt and the
difference is that Teddy Roosevelt was
announcing America's debut on the world
stage and America had 40% of the world's
manufacturing today it's absolutely the
opposite in terms of trends and
direction okay let me go to Christopher
Christopher you're an Iraq war veteran I
mean if I could just ask you personally
I mean it seems like we have a
continuation of this mentality of empire
in I mean for Iraq it's been a disaster
for Afghanistan it's always a disaster
but and you know and what's happening in
Syria hear it but we don't seem to learn
any lessons here you were there do you
see that what the problem is here right
I think there's there's a few different
issues I want to try to address as many
ism I can I think that we're all meeting
several different things here we're
overlooking several different things for
one I think the president's actually
moving away from nation-building we're
trying to get for example the Iraqi
security forces and the Iraqi military's
had significant gains against Isis we've
been trying to empower them to take the
reins and to be able to do that kind of
fighting themselves
we've also omitted the fact that we've
decimated the leadership of Isis we've
kept them in a constant state of
confusion we've killed the sama bin
Laden
there's several strategic victories that
have occurred along the way we also
forgetting the US military provides
significant
for nades who are allies we still
provide a blanket of security across
Europe we're protecting South Korea
we've been in a global leadership role
for decades and those are the kinds of
issues there's no one trying to imagine
for the United States let me jump in
here we're gonna go to a short break and
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion on Washington's new
defense strategy stay with Artie okay
let me go back to follow up in percival
right before we went to the wreck
christopher was talking about our
alliance as well you know alliances are
a transmission belt for war we've seen
this historically and I'm thinking of
the situation that the United States is
facing with its NATO ally Turkey and
Turkey is illegally invaded Syria and
well you know all of the entanglements
that the US has found itself there with
the Kurds and whatnot in its NATO ally
here I mean and then we had not too long
ago we had a Russian jet that was shot
down by the Turks then you have you know
you know you have this Article five kick
in here it seems to me the United States
is very dangerously involved in a
potential war that it doesn't want to
fight and then we can bring up the issue
of North and South Korea you know what
they're talking that's a good start
isn't it and then we have this bluster
coming out of Washington that maybe it's
not enough I mean the South Koreans
probably know best about their defense
than anyone else
go ahead Philip yeah well I have I have
to agree with the your premise which is
essentially that America's alliances
have in many ways outlived their
usefulness the Russia does not threaten
the United States does not really
threaten the Eastern Europe it has a
sphere of influence like every other
country but this does not amount to a
threat and NATO is dangerous in a way
because NATO could very much involve the
United States in a shooting war where it
doesn't want to be in it and I would I
would be comment on the situation
between Turkey and Syria Turkey is
indeed attacking Syria but Turkey has an
interest in Syria the the PKK terrorism
problem and the Kurd
problem for Turk's is very real the
United States is illegally in Syria so
the United States shouldn't be throwing
stones at at anyone when it comes to the
situation currently in in Syria and this
whole concept of a of a 30,000 man
border guard is just totally ridiculous
the Turks won't let it happen the
Syrians won't let it happen and and and
the Iraqis won't even let it happen okay
you know Michael you mentioned Ukraine
earlier here I mean what explain because
I don't understand it what is in the
national interests of the United States
of America to be giving offensive
weapons to Ukraine when we know and our
viewers that have been watching
crossbuck over the years know the
importance of the Minsk Accord okay it's
not perfect but it certainly slowed
things down cooled things down now we
have legislation that is not reported in
Western media that the Ukrainians have
walked away from it unilaterally and now
they're very happily taking offensive
arms the we have to be honest here the
prospect of a Ukrainian Russian war is
very real folks it's very real but you
wouldn't know that and you wouldn't know
that by reading mattis's report go ahead
Michael
the u.s. finds that its alliances both
NATO and its key alliances in in East
Asia and the western Pacific are like
lifelines to America's claim to hegemony
so it is to American advantage to stir
the pot in Eastern Europe and to create
a situation where you know poor helpless
Ukraine is is being threatened with with
deep violence by you know and this is an
old metaphor going back to World War one
frankly and the Germans in Belgium and
it's a way for the u.s. to maintain the
salience of
its position in Europe which it no
longer has economically and in the
instance of good relations with Russia
would would not exist in
in the strategic sense but because
European states especially Germany are
unwilling to to to spend the money they
need to on defense to do it themselves
which they could easily easily then the
us by create yes I mean the the Germans
could simply double their defense budget
and it would be no larger a percentage
of their GNP than it was during the Cold
War but the key here is that the u.s. is
able to have it both ways it's able to
assemble a kind of crisis in which the
u.s. is the absolutely essential partner
and its leadership is on question and
frankly it can do that because of the
general disinterest by Germany in in
stepping up to taking over the
leadership role in Europe when it comes
to strategic issues the u.s. is doing
the same thing in Asia with Japan and
Japan is willing to be there as the
sidekick of the u.s. under all
circumstances and therefore the u.s. is
playing the same game using the fruits
of its absolute victory over Germany and
Japan in World War two to continue what
will increasingly be the fiction of US
world power in the future not not
tomorrow but but 15 years from now okay
Christopher Michael brings up a very
good point I mean if you look at the GDP
of the European Union is vast okay it
equals the United States Japan certainly
isn't a poor country by any standard
South Korea is what for its size and
population is remarkably successful and
very rich by the way why can't they just
carry their load for their own security
is because what is the u.s. get out of
it
I mean if something happens to the US
you think everyone's gonna come to the
US as aid from Europe and South Korea
and Japan
I don't think so why would they go ahead
I think that's a great point I think
President Trump has challenged NATO and
Europe to put more financial resources
into their own defense and I think that
would be a thing that we should be
supporting but I want to go back a step
I
think we're still continuing to emit
many many different factors for example
you know we've sort of discussed the US
and this sort of dystopian light and the
tone and this this vision people want to
come to the United States people are
risking their lives to try and they're
dying trying to get out of places like
North Korea where their governments and
the way they behave is absolutely zero
freedom no freedom of the press
extremely dystopian and in the case of
Iran you have an entire government
that's stacked with clergy that's
frankly extremely dystopian but excuse
me Chris Pisa right here for a second
you know but that has nothing to do with
the defense of the United States you're
talking about values and I suppose
that's all fine but it has nothing to do
about protecting the sovereign country
of the United States the State
Department should deal with these other
issues here okay I mean I'm serious I
mean it sounds nice but it has nothing
to do with defense here let me go to
Phillip here you know Phillip I was
doing a little bit of research before
this program you know I was looking at
you know Republican senator Robert Taft
when when NATO was started and he was he
was saying you know why should we get
involved in this alliance because then
we lose the right to declare war we're
giving it over to an organization then
you had in Mike Mansfield and in the
1970s under the Nixon and Ford
administration's he was heavily lobbying
for ending American presence in Europe
because the war has been over they're
rich they can take care of themselves
the reason why I'm bringing up this
boring history for everyone is that
where is the debate in the public in the
media about what is being said in
Madison's report there's almost none I
mean I read a lot of the reviews it just
well he this is what he said but there's
no there's no distilling of what he's
talking about it just passes it on as if
it these people are just stenographers
in the media and don't question anything
that is being written we're questioning
it honestly on this program
go ahead Philip yeah it's quite
astonishing I mean the the stories the
stories on on this paper and on the
comments by mattis disappeared within 48
hours yep and were hardly covered at all
and yet this is as I said in the
beginning this is a formula for offense
this is formula for the United States
to exercise its leadership by military
offensive and and this is quite
outrageous and and also the the question
would weigh we haven't done anything
offensive against states that don't have
them Christopher you want to jump in
there go ahead sorry
you like Christopher jump in where's
what where's where's where is Phillip
where's Russia on North Korea missile
testing in North Korea threatening
Hawaii and making these aggressive
stances does Russia support North
Korea's continued nuclear proliferation
and launching my opinion I guess if I
can I can answer that question very
clearly Christopher if you had watched
the proceedings at the United Nations
Security Council when there was a vote
against North Korea in which China and
Russia did participate and did vote for
the sanction they also offered an
alternative a freeze for a freeze and a
go back you can watch it it's on YouTube
it's very thoughtful it's very thorough
but you had all of the other countries
saying North Korea bad okay well I'm
sorry that's not very intellectual it's
not very helpful
okay so I would answer you Christopher
that Russia and China have been
extremely helpful in trying to defuse
those tensions but it doesn't get any
coverage in the media because that's not
what people want to hear
go ahead Christopher no well it should
be covered I mean that that's a fair
point there should be more coverage but
you look at these these oil transfers
that China is in a position to really do
a lot more I think there's a lot of
opportunity and a lot of optimism
let's do forget somebody does the United
States sit down with the North Koreans
and have a conversation what's so hard
about doing that you could actually say
we went the extra mile instead of this
rocket man nonsense that's not helpful
okay if the United States really wants
to show it's responsible in the world
wasn't it sit down and talk seriously
and if it doesn't like the deal walk
away from it but at least you talked go
ahead I'm just saying the obvious that's
a fair point that's a fair point but I
think I think we have a but we have a
president that wants to see some results
and I think unfortunately a lot of our
goodwill and a lot of our diplomacy has
had diminishing returns when you look at
for example the Iran deal and other
things where were able to get a little
bit of cooperation but what we have is
continued nuclear proliferation
continued talk of aggression and the the
u.s. is continuing to provide foreign
aid to continue to fund our our allies
in Europe and these sorts of other
things so I think those talks should
happen and I believe the u.s. is opening
to talk to North Korea but we need to
see a sort of tone and center of
cooperation and we're continuing to see
boasting of continued nuclear
proliferation in the region and remember
the defense security strategy that's our
document for us I there's nothing in
there that is overtly offensive it is a
document that is reaffirming our
perspective on building up the military
I mean Christopher elaborating
relationships you're right Christopher
is written about the United States for
the United States but the whole world is
watching and and the reaction from a lot
of capitals if this is a very aggressive
and in a continuation of an aggressive
foreign policy the world does react to
the most powerful country in the world
alright gentlemen I'm sorry we've run
out of time many thanks to my guests in
Washington and in percival and thanks to
our viewers for watching us here Dorothy
see you next time and remember crosstalk
rules
