the UN Security Council has concluded an
emergency session on the use of chemical
weapons in Syria let's now cross live to
artis Samir Khan in the States for us
Samira thanks for being with us could
you tell us what was said at the UN
headquarters in New York well the u.s.
accused the Syrian government of using
chemical weapons while Russia
highlighted that there is no solid
evidence to substantiate any of these
claims well the two sides had a pretty
heated exchange earlier this week we
received yet another report that the
Assad regime has used chlorine gas
against its own people watching over the
timing of the announcement was very
fortunately chosen around the time of
the meeting in Paris in the upcoming
Syrian National Dialogue Congress such a
striking coincidence the US and UK
envoys have rushed to accuse the Syrian
government before receiving any evidence
and without waiting for the
investigation to finish Russia has the
audacity to lecture this Security
Council about how to stop the use of
chemical weapons
you thought watching us we were the
strongest advocates for an investigation
a professional investigation not an
imitation Russia is complicit in those
Saud regime's atrocities some countries
are still trying to divorce the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons to put the blame on
Damascus they do not understand that in
doing so they are undermining the
authority of this respected organization
this came after secretary Tillerson
accused Assad of perpetrating a chemical
attack that supposedly happened on
Monday let's take a quick look whoever
conducted the attacks Russia ultimately
bears responsibility for the victims in
East gouta and countless other Syrians
targeted with chemical weapons since
Russia became involved in Syria well the
problem is it hasn't even been confirmed
that attacks even happened let alone
who's responsible and there are only two
sources saying this and both are
notoriously Pro rebel number one the
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights
which is comprised of one person based
in the UK
number two the white helmets so it's
safe to say that the u.s. is ascribing
blame based solely on online sources and
the OPCW takes months to conduct a
thorough investigation so how was the
u.s. able to gather all of this
information just one day after the
alleged attack but going back to
secretary Tillerson statement he also
said that Russia would bear ultimate
responsibility which doesn't make any
sense considering Russia China and
Bolivia have put forth a draft
resolution after draft resolution to
look into the attacks all of which the
u.s. voted against and of course the
fact this fact is conveniently left out
of the narrative but this whole blame
Russia game continued at the Security
Council and it seemed Nikki Haley's
statements were more about Russia than
anything else but at the meeting Russia
said that the joint investigative
mechanism became a political tool and
called for an impartial investigation
into all cases of chemical weapons use
in Syria including the joint
investigative mechanisms new reports but
even though several other member states
supported the proposal of a new
impartial investigation the u.s.
rejected saying that it's ready to bring
back the old joint investigative
mechanism but quote all other
suggestions are unacceptable we're not
gonna accept any Russian proposal that
undermines our ability to get to the
truth or that politicizes what must be
an independent and impartial
investigation don't forget the fact that
the u.s. dismissed our proposal right
from the start
reveals the truth they do not need an
impartial investigative mechanism what's
interesting is that these chemical
attacks allegedly happened right before
the meeting in Vienna and the Sochi
summit on the Syrian crisis that's set
to take place in only a few days so the
timing of all this is pretty fishy to
say the very least
all right RT Sameera comm you know as
the story develops you'll stay across it
for us there from the United States
perspective thanks for being with us for
more on this we can now cross live to
Rick
sterling from the serious solidarity
movement Rick thanks as always for being
with us here on Rt International
uh so Russia they say that a new probe
needs to be carried out with experts
actually traveling it to the site of the
chemical attacks in Syria this did not
happen previously so that just seems
like common sense in terms of an
investigation why would anyone object to
that well they would object to it if if
they are not really interested in
finding out the reality or the truth of
the matter for example in April in
Kahn's shaken the investigation team
never actually went to the site of the
incident and they issued their their
findings from abroad
and we see a jumping to the conclusion
here right off the bat from the US the
US and its allies who we may remember
themselves the quote Friends of Syria in
2012 2012 just as they were supplying
the armed opposition with weapons and
communications equipment and endless
amounts of propaganda and media support
so this is it's suspicious that this is
exactly what's going on now but if one
wants to find the truth it will take a
serious investigation not as a snap
judgment as this happening here
well nikki Haley said that during the UN
session the facts come back over and
over again that the Assad regime
continues to use chemical weapon hidden
weapons against his own people
is there really any proof of that no the
the facts that came out regarding this
business the famous incidents in outer
Damascus in 2013 ultimately showed that
the atrocity was carried out by one of
the opposition groups with support from
Turkey so the facts actually the quick
accusations against the Syrian
government there were later thank you
found to be false in numerous invent
investigators including the Americans
Seymour Hersh came to came to that
conclusion that it was not promised the
Syrian government so when serious
investigations are done which does take
time which takes on the ground you know
examination of the
not just relying on the agents who are
actually paid by the West the facts have
shown that in past cases it's been the
armed opposition they have a motive for
doing this of course which is to drag
the US and NATO into the conflict do you
think that this long-running blamed game
over the chemical weapons and the
investigation that there is holding back
the overall peace process in Syria oh
absolutely and and it's also interesting
what Samira was saying about this the
timing being being interesting because
we've seen that in the past day or two
before Geneva negotiations what starts
there would be some claim of an atrocity
and that's a that again it's what we're
seeing happen happen here so it's really
sad the the it looks like there's a
possibility of ending the conflict in
Syria but evidently there's some forces
that just want to prolong it and and
keep it going it's really sad and just
one final point it's pretty stunning
hypocrisy to hear demoralizing from the
United States which after which actually
is the only country to use nuclear
weapons in world war two that used
massive amounts of chemical weapons in
in Vietnam and massive amounts of
depleted uranium in Iraq so the country
that's used chemical weapons to the
greatest extent that the in among all
countries is in no position to be
moralizing well continuing with this
blame game idea the US Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson he claims that
Russia actually bears the ultimate
responsibility for all chemical
incidents in Syria specifically because
of its military role there how logical
is that statement well I would kind of
reverse it and I would say that the
United States bears responsibility for
the conflict in Syria to the extent that
the United States and its allies France
the UK Saudi Arabia Qatar the whole
group of them it's it's open information
is public knowledge that they've been
supplying weapons communications
equipment all sorts of support including
propagandistic and information support
to the armed opposition that's a clear
violation of international law that UN
Charter now do you think other world
powers share Russia's concerns over the
way the chemical probe in Syria has been
conducted so far we'll see it's the the
Security Council is is clearly split
along along you know along the lines
that that we've seen in the past with
the the West and it's our allies which
almost all of whom were in the so-called
Friends of Syria cynically named and
then on the other side you've got other
countries which are we can say they're
defending Damascus but what real they're
really speaking out in support of is
international law which is supposed to
prohibit countries from intervening and
the internal affairs of other countries
and making threats and funding an armed
opposition I'm Rick Stirling from the
Syria solidarity movement always
interesting to hear your thoughts always
interesting to talk to you sir thanks
for helping us get our heads wrapped
around this one
