Russia's Defense Minister has revealed
that talks are underway with several
nations on the purchase of a
state-of-the-art Russian missile defense
system RTZ lien petrenko has more it's
acknowledged as one of the best air
defense systems out there it can strike
80 targets at a time at a range of 400
kilometers even if they're traveling at
5 kilometers a second I'm always about
to say an hour but no a second so
perhaps that's why there's high demand
the s400 isn't some undeveloped
technology still on the drawing board or
sitting in a dusty warehouse it's on
active duty in Syria protecting Russian
units there
the Russian Army's top man hasn't
revealed the names of the systems next
buyers but he did mention the region's
the Middle East and Southeast Asia he's
touring that part of the world right now
mr. shoigu says whenever he's talking to
army bosses from other countries there's
always discussion about buying Russia's
defense technology so soon we'll find
out who's next in line for the s400 I
say next because Turkey has already got
a contract and when they signed the
papers it was big news sure
that's a NATO member washington's key
ally that's counting on russian
engineering to keep its skies safe
somewhere else that's military might is
all but dependent on America is Saudi
Arabia but a few months ago the Saudis
and the Russians agreed on an s400 deal
as well China's getting it in India too
let's see if the name of the next
customer comes as a surprise
