keep reporting there now the FBI has
lost crucial text messages sent by its
employees which could have shed light on
some of the anti Donald Trump bias
within the agency particularly over the
so-called Trump Russia investigation US
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has
already said the Justice Department is
looking into what happened while
Republicans demanding a special counsel
be set up over the matter Samira Khan
reports from Washington months of text
messages between two FBI staffers linked
to the Trump Russia probe have gone
missing one of the agents is Peter
struck he oversaw the investigation into
alleged Russian interference now he was
also part of Robert Muller's team that
was looking into supposed collusion
between Trump and the Kremlin prior to
that the Clinton email investigation
which went nowhere and then there's Lisa
Paige a lawyer for the Department of
Justice who also worked for Robert
Muller the couple came into prominence
back in December when their private text
conversations were released to Congress
god Hillary should win I know and maybe
you're man to stay where you are because
you're a man to protect the country from
that - thanks it's absolutely true that
we're both very fortunate and of course
I'll try and approach it that way
these text messages prove that both
struck and Paige were biased in favor of
Hillary and the messages even hinted
some nefarious political activity so
when they wanted to dig deeper it turned
out the rest of their conversation had
disappeared the FBI ascribed the data
loss to miss configuration issues
related to rollouts provisioning and
software upgrades that conflicted with
the FBI's collection capabilities but
let's look at the time frame of these
text messages December 14 2016 through
May 17 2017 and when did Muller's
investigation into Russian collusion
start oh look
May 17 27 teen surprisingly convenient
the timing is just too coincidental
seems that they were trying to plant the
evidence somehow as an insurance policy
thinking that Trump had no way of
getting elected and then when he did
scrambling in order to try to stop the
election or to create the necessity of
an impeachment of Trump
they were conspiring inside the FBI to
figure out how to catch Trump on some
sort of you know criminal activity
having a Russian connection Russian
money-laundering being involved with
Putin in the in the Russian Trump
collusion of which they provided zero
evidence
well the revelation of the FBI's key
data slip does come just days after
another intelligence agency had
reportedly lost crucial documents the
National Security Agency says it deleted
information it earlier had pledged to
retain saying they sincerely regret the
mistake the information was related to
the presidential surveillance program
during george w bush's time in office
the bsp internet content data matched
criteria that were broadly used to
delete data of a certain type in
response to mission requirements to free
up space and improve performance of the
backup system the NSA has no reason to
believe at this time that the content
data was specifically targeted for
deletion the data in question was
controversially collected in the
aftermath of the 9/11 terror attacks it
was initially ordered by a court to be
preserved for further examination but
has now been erased along with all the
backup tapes the information was deemed
important too to a number of pending
lawsuits former NSA director and
whistleblower William Binney told us
that this sort of data tends to
disappear far too often it's a way of
covering your backside so that when the
investigation started and they get there
they just can't let that day to be
exposed that's all it's just more
evidence of their criminal activity the
Department of Defense Inspector General
did the same thing with the material
against whistleblowers
even when the whistleblowers were in a
court under under criminal accusation in
a criminal trial they destroyed evidence
and it was only because was exculpatory
and they didn't want that out so now
this is all deliberate even when they
lie in front of Congress or to the
people the United States or even to the
president or any of their cabinet heads
it doesn't seem to matter there's no
accountability here the intelligence
community has so much power I mean even
Senator Schumer told the President Trump
that he shouldn't be attacking the
intelligence community because they've
got six ways to Sunday to get back at
you and these are the ways they do it
