previously on the great American
pilgrimage that was my little whore
right I wanted to show our members that
we could own our own businesses that's
not how to forgive and let's find a way
so that our children and their children
have it better than what we have today
hey everybody I'm Stephen Baldwin gosh I
look fantastic Hollywood guy usual
suspects my favorite movie proud
American first of all I'm just as George
Washington for sure and RV enthusiast
uncle Steve this is my buddy max famous
financial guru and well he's a little
bit different last but not least my
larger-than-life Iranian an aspiring
star Rio with all the drama happening in
our great country I'm hitting the road
to have some fun
me everyday Americans forward
what's America to you our ancestors
suffered the most and see how things got
so crazy I was naked completely naked
hopefully start to bridge the gap this
is the great American pilgrimage
our lone hero makes his way through the
Midwest and hopes to reunite with Max
and also continue on the pilgrimage of
knowledge with Max lost in Chicago
steven has a new copilot look Rio
we're in Chicago I'll tell you something
else right now Rio
I like big cities brother we're New
Yorkers right but I like coming to
Chicago I got a lot of old friends here
they got great deep-dish pizza and look
I think the both of us we need a little
cleanup I'm gonna find a part for shop
and I'll bet you buddy we can find
something for you too to get all cleaned
up nice and pretty
sounds good in search of a barbershop
Steven finds a cornerstone in this South
Side neighborhood to get cleaned up and
speak with the owner to get his
perspective on what's happening in
America I'm good sure I'd love to get
cleaned up if you have some availability
I got a man standing by ready for you
when I got a young lady we're gonna give
you a shampoo first is you're my brother
Al's gonna take care of the haircut for
you thanks man if you do me a favor have
a seat we'll get right to you
Thanks all right while waiting
Steven decides to photobomb some selfies
special client mr eelan let's get my
shampoo off for my big brother here and
also gives unsolicited relationship
advice
you're in trouble
you better get another job tell you
it'll be okay gonna learn yeah one day
at a time sir Stephen are you ready
almost she's upset I'm revealing too
many girl secrets she's upset
how's it going on Sarina Stephen thank
you so much slackers yes they have a
seat belt
well he may be a distracted driver he
always wears his seat belt
Jimmy rush your neck in a necklace thank
you
no problem has a water perfect while
Stephen is getting his hair done Rio is
having a spa day of his own
hello I grew up you know with a dad that
was an ex-marine so as always when he
was cutting our hair as kids it was
always cleaning around the year all that
stuff yeah yeah I mean if that's cool I
mean I mean it acceptable respectable
well it's gonna take more than a shade
for that well I just said that
so my friend will you mind me asking a
what brought you to our lovely time let
me get your first name - my name is
sleepout this is now pals barbershop
where we are the heart of England right
in the middle of a very historical
neighborhood here in Chicago that's
going through a lot of us stressful
things right now you've been here a long
seven years or you must be doing
something right yes we're doing good
business for good people yeah we're
professional we're licensed most barber
shops back in the day were historically
the you know the place for everybody to
come together me and that kind of has
been changing that the generations have
changed my goal was to rule till we
bring that back I want to make a place
where I can get my hair cut I was
looking to get my hair cut one day my
neighborhood and I couldn't find a place
right so I was like you know what I'll
put a shop right here and then small the
small was empty nobody was here and I
stood here with a $30,000 investment by
myself for like three months nobody came
in and then one day I got two bubbles
the next week I had three barbers and we
were going ever since
so yes in action I was blessed to you
know have some money standing by working
film production I've lived in this
neighborhood for years I care about my
people a lot of situation is to be the
best example I possibly can be so you
know what I'm not gonna complain about
not having a barbershop here I'm gonna
put one here so I went to barber college
got my Barmes license then I start
Kinnear now retain my barber teachers
license so now abolish doctor and I'm
the barber all Chicago Fire a TV show
you almost got for a minute there it was
got a little more highly with the Lee
brother wait as I was gonna say we were
traveling through South Dakota
and meta fella who's a Native American
guy who is part of the Dakota Lakota
Sioux Nation okay
he runs Italy he started on the rest
because there's a lot of poverty on the
reservation mm-hm
so like you he said you know what I'm
gonna start a business on the
reservation yeah so all the young people
can see you can have your own business
he just said the same thing you did
pretty much which is I can't you know
there's no barber shop you did all of
that at a time when it was probably the
most difficult to do that in the
economics of it yes or no yes or no
Chicago is one of most segregated cities
in the world we have 50 different
neighborhoods and ourselves and
african-americans we're divided to
gangbanger wise so it's a lot of things
that keep us apart
sitting up a barber shop is not just an
easy thing to do just you know pop up
chairs and fight barbers it's a lot of
different factions that you might have
to deal with just to start business and
to really aren't implicated on what
you're saying one of the worst things
that could happen to a man into his
business happens to us here so somebody
came through that door stop right there
and started shooting had two clients I
killed one and shot up at his barbershop
two years ago your barber right now was
here missus below I went behind you
right now and it's totally changed our
perception this is your neighborhood is
your mom your mom shot this shot it do
you let your kid go back to their web
shop of course not right is this pretty
much okay would you like to go back to
the barber shop you would feel comfy
with it was what their spirit of death
yeah me either
keeps people with and I feel you do
that's what I feel I feel pretty much
have to happen I feel bad we had nothing
to do with it
everybody's knows that well
that were upstanding we licensed barbers
we do what was positive so everybody
should just fall back in but they did it
one of situations where tragedy well
until we turn into trial so what
happened but it was used for good that
so I was watching barbershop 3 our shop
theater there's somebody at his bumper
shop there's kids so they called for a
ceasefire in the neighborhood because
they realized that their cutting is the
hair of the kids that are going out here
killed each other so why don't you stand
up because they respect you stand up and
speak on it so that's what we did we got
all the barbers in Chicago I got all the
barbel colleges go together we did 54
barbers in the park for federal for five
hundred hairs in one day we'll call the
Brotherhood of our overseas fire move
what we did was empower the barbers to
start to speak to their clients again
and start to step up right so if you had
power farmers to start to really realize
who they are what their what their
position is a society and they use that
power to create change so start to talk
to these kids think the kids look up to
you they sydney is here they come to you
for you to make that look good they will
listen the mayor actually paid attention
and gave us 250 pounds lost over the
barber college and a barber shop across
the street
by the way you google me I'm perceived
as a Trump loving right-wing Christian
Christian
to the t-word for now what I'm learning
is I'm just
Steven balling who you are where you're
from Who I am what I've been through
yeah you know I'll tell you right now
man I find myself more blessed and happy
and joyous and free the more I stopped
worrying about how much I think I can
impact all this politics and this thing
is you try to save the world you can't
save the world the world is a very large
places a billion people work but you can
save your family might be the best
example but hey you can save your
community your comedy the way you live
directly by being a good example yeah
that's well it's a we work my goal is
that you know what's crazy what I'm
trying to do right now and I'm gonna get
in trouble for this one oh boy
but like Rodney King said can't we all
just get along
mmm I believe we can once we get to know
each other yeah you know what I'm on
Star Trek
who's what Star Trek back of the day
yeah prime director yeah me don't mess
up you know roads other cultures messing
up their culture but you know relatively
go in to try to help right and the deal
is only on Star Trek yeah I mean in the
enterprise you got all the cultures
working together and it would be
wonderful if the worlds like that and it
could simply be that way
but if we have agendas I am taking back
that you voted for truck right yeah but
you have a total different perspective
of what's going on the world than I do
we are here right now just struggling to
survive make sure our kids stay alive so
I have a whole different perspective of
the tough situation they're using and
the small politicians like ourselves you
know just do these well for small
policies and people that affect you know
Challenge exactly the shape should
affect the culture and the way that
people think but people that are out
here for the kids to see that's really
matter shrunk really doesn't matter to
us in a lot ways but we're here and we
have to constantly educate ourselves
they kind of open ourselves up cuz they
be truthful
usually the trumped able to turn
everything the whole other direction but
actually it opens me up to wonder why
would you vote for him or why did you
vote exactly upset cuz that's really the
exciting part well
come on get a good one
why did you vote for exactly you don't
see it cuz that's really good exactly
well come on got a good one
hey kids it's simply because me the
first thing I thought was gonna be
important with the next president is
that that person immediately move as
quickly as possible to start affecting
the economy in a way that allows people
to make more money is that the answer I
don't know you know what I was never the
first thing when he first got elected
well we were like do you guys we gotta
respect it cuz I really did pay so I
understand the money is it's just the
the character flaws and then the fame
that he says oh right that's the thing
please like you're crazy helpful with
that guy money it's not gonna be perfect
mother he's just he empowers me with
education and put people in situations
to make more money in the future for
their families especially and that's
what's up okay so let me ask you a
question now let me ask you a question
let's say your tips go up in the next
eight years by a thousand percent is
that gonna happen so we got to go
through all the shenanigans the equal to
Stassi pool just to get a thousand
percent tips that's not enough okay I
won't deal with it I don't think I wanna
do expand on that what would he do oh
hoop like he's got going on Twitter he's
banging on this on social media
but everybody right he worse than
guessing in the streets that's nothing
to me he is the president he has to be
to a certain style of ethics now longer
stuff to you Obama was in Friday did
your world change for the better
let me feel like I did cool wow you you
got people with a race right they was
able to move around and do things a
little bit easier they didn't have a
whole lot of pressure from the political
standpoint of oh well we're gonna cut
this and we're gonna cut that he gave to
the people who needed Obama yeah I went
to barber college I didn't have to pay
to go to Bible right so like I said
before I'm learning and I'm like with
Barack Obama being elected it was it
changed our lives it made first his
first time ever
voting and I'm you know educated not
know better it's also for what it made
me feel included and when he won it gave
us a hope that that was even possible
event for him to be so eloquent in the
way you know carry this up so so forth
it gave us a great example of a man and
it empowered a lot of kids a lot of kids
are as college now so so forth based on
that if in the eight years of Barack
Obama more and more and more positive
things happen for African Americans in
America praise God mm-hmm
now my question is educate me if we if
that were true for Chicago how did the
violence get worse if that positive
stuff would happen at the same time
violence always existed that's a good
question I feel that the president is
just a person that is in a position that
we see that's the person we get to pick
on us also for we can point and say he's
the problem but they're greater powers
that are in control of things
so black folks were enslaved for 500
years we've so called the three for a
little bit over a hundred
500 years the damage is not gonna go
away in Algiers second and then and the
damage goes on both sides because young
white folks are damaged just like the
unblock folks whatever's because we were
raised in this same society so we have
Chicago in Chicago we had our station we
had the projects and they knock all the
projects down they lock up all the gang
leaders and they disseminate all these
people across Chicago do you have kids
out here with no fathers you have women
I had not able to raise the kids
and then now you give them guns so now
you got all these unruly kids whether I
mad at each other about Facebook his
curls and silly stuff they kill each
other no like real ignorance you have to
ignore it's the state of ego and they
know better than a scene from your
perspective why is the violence
increased so much so in Chicago it's
almost a conspiracy tale but it's the
truth so we have freight trains freight
trains run through why they would we
were kids we used to go about the
freight trains where'd you get put video
games TVs and you can get guns no trains
like that coming through Long Island man
no we did that we were ticket scalpers
we get those front-row to Michael
Jackson's a little bit please continue
no so Goods stopped falling off the
phrase am i understanding this correctly
if these weapons stop shitting on them
trains you ceased that whole thing with
change no this education education
doesn't keep everything because it is
ignorance if you really knew who you
were you wouldn't want to kill your
brother
you knew what your brother really was or
who he came from it his history and
history of his people you wouldn't kill
that you would lift it up now you got
kids that don't have no structure
whatsoever no idea no concept no
leadership they watch the TV and videos
and they have guns
like wheels so they've been desensitized
um totally desensitized and feel with
the fantasy I mean they they're
literally living off Facebook you have
me off with images that they create so
you got kids dummies hair on
Facebook would goods not too long ago I
would have said where's all the black
leaders in Chicago stepping up to fit
depicted could I you're not what we had
in the form of we'll say gang leaders
we're saying well you know we had a
masterful men that ran organizations in
our neighborhood they started out as
Street just like the Kennedy started out
as Street selling okay they got powered
numbers they got grants or a food
program my breakfast program for kids
had a TV show that came on you know like
educational PBS type show for kids job
referrals situation the whole deal they
had control of the neighborhood but then
they brought drugs in heroin comes in
cocaine comes in and then distractions
and so all of our leaders all of the
lives that we were taught to you know
Revere and honor and so forth they're
respectable powerful men but they jail
right now back in the day where would
you go as a black man what would you go
to pay for college for your daughter
where would you go if you want to open
up a business you could go to a bank you
went to the policymakers to give you
money to invest in your future downtown
like Englewood was downtown period it
was like a second downtown we should go
over there and get our Easter suit said
it was a movie theater with ducks in it
you feel like it was amazing and they
took all the other way and then we want
to go to the aspect of why are we
standing up doing something about it
half of this I am servos we are but we
have been conditioned to get educated
and then we move on up which is away
from our actual neighborhoods so we
don't have Jeffersons yeah Steven
exactly like The Jeffersons if you feel
me
we don't have people here they have the
wherewithal right here are the the kids
that don't have father all right here
are the men there are on drugs or
alcohol we allow key
to do more that we should allow Irish
napola they're not gonna live we got
Bridgeport running down the street with
a mayor Daly in forecastle raised
they're not about to allow kids to take
over there they would you know say that
they're gonna get up and they're gonna
police their neighborhood period they
won't work with the police or against
the police but they're gonna make sure
that their neighborhood assaulted we
should do the same thing but we don't
have the brain trust that we should
because the when as soon as we get
educated we leave here but you're
starting to change yes and it feels
amazing this is gonna cool
generationally now young black men will
graduate from your barber school and
they'll be able to give their story of
saying this is how my life change that's
America wait has anyone checked in with
REO in a while
we're looking like a sinner Alec Baldwin
boys to lay like salad from kellyco
of these jabs it's your brother
he's got a good gig for the next eight
years now he plays a little more
pressure I'm starting to relax about
Alan out I remember my last question so
mr. pal what's America mean to you is
there still hope America to me is the
idea of hope idea of hope but the
actuality of America the reality is that
we're a country that was developed on
genocide so therefore we're going
through the growing pains of dealing
with that genocide
and as we get over that or we all
reconcile with what has happened to a
lot of different people
everybody has been subjugated and used
to well it to be a benefit we only once
a certain rates but a certain class in
America and so until we rectify those
issues and get some type of Solace so
that we can grow from essence waste
coming here today and just at least
having
a bit of a sense in my experience to
know that I got to do a whole lot more
listening than talking
yeah I understand that perception of
much better now than I did before I came
in here I saw something go I'm glad you
were able to listen and I'm glad to be
heard
thank you for making the effort
Wow
that's what's up thank you so much Chris
yeah all right I think we got to go
check on my other little family
my little hounds cut to Rio
god bless you and this place thank you
hey man your family you too shit I'll
see you again I'll be back yeah we did
good night hey Alan Kiku
day one of Chicago is a wrap and Steven
is amazed with his clean shave
and how incredibly long this l-train is
finally and now he has a new perspective
on the pilgrimage and will hopefully
soon reconnect with max next time on the
great American pilgrimage I'm from New
York I live in New York New York City
I'm from the can I can I have a little
fun with you al yeah okay
you seem like a children's tune right
now already and no 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11
all them years as a kid when I lit that
fuse and ran the car was coming back
right now
