we'll start this hour in Afghanistan
where a major hotel in the capital Kabul
has come under attack by a group of four
armed men police say that they have
killed two of the perpetrators but that
the two others remain at large there are
also reports of several fatalities so
far there's no official number of
casualties with more details these local
journalists in Afghanistan bilal suwari
according to several sources within the
afghan special forces the 1st and 2nd
floor has been cleared some rooms on the
third floor either burned down on some
of them have caught fire and there's
definitely a gun battle on the fourth
floor according to multiple sources
within the Crisis Response unit team one
fighter told me that he saw two people
who are carried away from the third
floor he couldn't really tell me whether
they were injured or they were killed
this is still an ongoing situation but
we still don't know who is really inside
the hotel how many casualties and
fatalities were talking about and this
is also hotel that got attacked in 2011
and we only heard in the last 48 hours
or so from the US Embassy in Kabul
putting a security alert saying a number
of hotels and government buildings in
other locations were at risk of an
attack
obviously this sort of an attack shows
the constant security and intelligence
failure but it also shows how the Afghan
government in its international allies
or finding themselves fight another
fight on a very difficult front line
which is the cities it's still a very
confusing situation some people were
able to get out of the hotel they
managed to get out and they have told
local TV stations about casualties and
fatalities so we'll have to wait and
hear more from the authorities there
