in France riot police have moved in on a
prison in Corsica firing tear gas not at
inmates but at guards unrest fled while
the prison staff had been taking part in
a week-long nationwide strike over what
they say a dangerous working conditions
including a escalating attacks on guards
elsewhere in the country the Justice
Minister attempting to solve the crisis
received a rather hostile welcome from
angry prison workers all employees of
the prison are in the state of shock
we're angry because there's been a week
since we created a national movement
following the aggression right now we're
waiting for the measures their buses and
the penitentiary administration will
take with respect to the management of
inmates a number of attacks on guards
have been recorded in French presence as
of late a week ago in fact three
security staff injured after an inmate
set on them with scissors and a razor
blade while in another jail on Monday
seven guards were attacked by an inmate
in that case according to officials the
perpetrator had been radicalized inside
the prison well are following these our
latest incidents the prison guards union
issued a list of demands aimed at
improving working conditions
they're asking officials to create more
than a thousand new jobs in French
prisons as well as our fully isolating
radicalized inmates they're also calling
for more security forces to protect
workers growing discontent led to the
nationwide strike which has seen the
burning of barricades of tires appearing
outside many of the facilities
said la falta do not know the government
our representatives are to blame they
don't want to discuss the problem or to
find a solution to our poor working
conditions we demand an increase in the
number of prison guards and also the
creation of a special high-security wing
for radicalized prisoners we are really
determined to make ourselves heard and
to ensure that our demands are met and
we really want work conditions to be
changed especially in terms of security
