a growing number of US Republican
Congressmen are demanding the release of
a top secret intelligence document they
believe it reveals political bias the
highest levels of the FBI and the
Justice Department in how they handled
the investigation into alleged ties
between the Trump campaign and Russia I
had that same shock feeling I was like
wait a minute this actually happened
from our Justice Department and this FBI
that's how serious this is there has
been a real attempt to undermine this
president and it has come from the
scariest of places as the type of
information that we need all Americans
to see immediately I'll correspondence
American joins me live on the line from
Washington now Samara if we are to
believe what those congressmen just
there said this could be potentially
political dynamite to what extent do we
know what is in the memo and what it
could mean yes absolutely well some
Republicans are referring to the top
secret memo as a scandal worse than
Watergate and reactions have ranged from
sickening to jaw-dropping saying that it
raises serious questions about the Obama
administration now the memo was put
together by the house Intel committee
and since then Republicans have been
calling for its immediate public release
we don't know what's in it but it
supposedly contains evidence that
Justice Department officials mostly FBI
are guilty of political bias against
Trump and according to reports US
intelligence officials used the Trump
Russia dossier that's filled with
unproven claims to improperly obtain a
warrant to look into the Trump campaign
Democrats voted against the release of
the memo understandably so saying that
it's being used to discredit the
intelligence community and the Trump
Russia investigation so yes I guess
Democrats are now defending the
intelligence community and
representative Adams shift even called
it a profoundly misleading set of
talking points
well the document has raised interests
outside of Congress
WikiLeaks wants it so badly they've
announced up to a million-dollar reward
for it and some have even said that the
memo will not be released to the public
but regardless this alone reveals
partisan bias against Trump's so we'll
just have to wait and see what happens
many thanks Meera Khan with the latest
air from Washington DC
well let's discuss this potentially a
very significant story with Ron Paul
former Republican comments can form a
presidential candidate in the United
States Ron always a pleasure to speak to
you what's your reaction to this based
on what lawmakers are saying we don't
know too much about the content there's
a lot of speculation out there what are
your thoughts I'm I didn't hear if
that's to me I didn't hear the beginning
of yourself yeah my apologies Ron I'm
just asking there's a lot of speculation
about this memo what are your thoughts
on it and its significance
well I think you're catching me off off
base describe a little bit more what
you're asking please yes certainly if
you could hear me okay we're just
talking about this this memo which is
some are describing is a bigger scandal
than Watergate what's your reaction to
it
oh okay
well it may well be but I think there's
still too many unknowns especially from
my viewpoint I don't know what the
details are but there's a lot of things
out there there one side hides it from
the other side but but I think that the
the degree of emphases that so far our
media's put on you know the Trump
connection to the Russians I think has
been way overblown and I'd like to just
get to the bottom of it but this new new
information that's coming out maybe this
will reveal things and help us out but
right now it's just a political fight I
think they're dealing with things are a
lot less important than the issues they
ought to be talking about so I guess
we'll wait and see until we know exactly
what really went on but right now I
don't think anybody is seeking justice
or seeking truth as much as they're
seeking to get a political advantage the
speculation again I must say this
speculation at this point says that the
document refers to officials in the
Obama administration now if you think
back Donald Trump said claimed at one
point that he had been wiretap by the
Obama administration we had the FBI
director denying it we had the National
Intelligence director denying it I mean
if anything comes out of this to support
that allegation this would be a huge
scandal wouldn't it it would be but you
can't believe anything that they do say
because for me from my personal
viewpoint without knowing I would be
surprised if they haven't spied on him
they spy on everybody else and they have
spied on other members of the executive
branch and other presidents so yes I
hope it is a if they get the information
I hope it does wake up some people but
but it's ongoing you know just the other
day when they voted to give FISA even
more power to spy on the American people
the president couldn't be influenced by
the fact that they used it against him
and I believe they did and he believes
that and yet he went along in giving
more power to these secret agencies to
spy on the American people I've always
maintained that government ought to I
ought to be open and the people ought to
have their privacy but right now the
people have no privacy and all our
government does is work on secrecy and
then it becomes competitive between the
two parties who who get stuck with the
worst deal by arguing who's guilty of
some crime and it's it's a political
thing much more than seeking justice
should we read anything to the fact as I
understand it all Democrats on the
committee have voted against releasing
this memo or will the Democrats always
do that when it comes to the Republicans
sort of it's my argument it is so so
political but on occasion you know while
I was there we would work on issues like
this and we'd get one or two Democrats
that would come over and be independent
minded and sometimes you'll have a
Republican there were times when I
thought the Democrats were right in what
they were accusing and I would support
them but our problem is is those numbers
of people who are willing to not be
absolutely blindly loyal to the
political party they're far and few
between you don't have too many of that
but the fact that if all the Democrats
are opposed to it might mean that Trump
is probably right there's probably a lot
of stuff in there that would exonerate
him from any accusations they've been
making I don't think there's too much
denying that there has been a pretty
fervent campaign to to get Donald Trump
removed since his inauguration
Republicans have been speculating though
that the infamous Trump dossier was used
to obtain a surveillance warrant against
Trump is it possible that such a
document a political one with unproven
allegations is it possible it could have
been used to do that
well I think they used that to get the
special prosecutor and that's a joke I
mean he's no more an independent
prosecutor than the man in the moon and
it's just really weird how this new
administration was able to go along with
this and put somebody like that you know
to investigate everybody so I think the
dossier has no legitimacy as as being
something revealing some truth or some
revelation of Trump of being associated
with with Russia I I think yeah it's a
different the people I know and respect
and see what they've been writing
they've been telling I think the story
that it's all made up essentially
there's there's nothing there to say
that there's a real a collusion between
the Trump administration I'm no fan of
Trump you know on the support of his but
I think that has been carried way
overboard
I think they can't stand the fact the
Democrats can't stand the fact that they
lost the election and they can't stand
the fact that Trump is a little bit more
independent minded they like and I think
the deep state is opposed to him even
though his policies are all over the
place and sometimes I say that I'm
frustrated because he supports too much
of the neo cons in his foreign
interventionism so it is a mess but they
are very frustrated with Trump and there
still is a significant number of
Republicans and Democrats would do most
anything if they could kick him out of
office
many thanks Ron always a pleasure to
speak to you be listening to the voice
of reason for many people former
Republican congressman Ron Paul
