the right-leaning alternative for
Germany or AFD party has proposed
verifying the age of all migrants coming
into the country an idea that's been
roundly condemned by all other parties
in the Bundestag Arty's Peter Oliver
reports well if the right-wing populist
alternative for Germany thought that
getting into the Bundestag was going to
be the hard part they've certainly been
brought back down to earth with a bump
over the last couple of days since the
German parliament has convened on Friday
the AF day have put forward changes they
wanted to see to laws relating to asylum
and refugee status here particularly
when it came to the ages of those
claiming refugee status in Germany now
the alternative for Germany say that
between 30 and 80 percent of those that
have applied in the past haven't been
the age they said they were this was
turned upon by the the other parties
within the Bundestag every single one of
them to a man saying that the
alternative for Germany was wrong in
doing this and in fact when the
proposals were put forward they were
greeted by boos in the chamber
making no bones about it they disagree
strongly with AFD and all of their
policies one could get the impression
our position is close to that of the AFD
but if you just look through their
proposal and listen to what they're
saying here you realize that it's all
about attacking migrants the proposal of
the AFD is permeated with right populism
it ignores reality who ever seen the
wording of the proposal and heard the
speech of the AFD representative will
recognize instantly that it's not about
the improvement of age verification but
about stirring up animosity against
young migrants the kind of rhetoric
we've heard from the AFD goes against
our Christian values it's all about hate
towards foreigners and this we cannot
support we also saw it on Thursday and
the parliamentary session it was held
the alternative for Germany put forward
an idea that the one of the reasons
behind a rise in anti-semitism in
Germany had been due to the influx of
Islamic immigration that was then shot
down many parties including our Angela
Merkel's Christian Democratic Union
saying that anti-semitism had its roots
in the far-right in politics in Germany
and elsewhere around so that's where we
stand at the moment for them if they've
just entered Parliament last last
September following the election this is
the first time that they're really
getting their teeth into legislation
it's not going well if you're an
alternative a Germany supporter anyway
at the moment all of the other parties
coming together
uniting is one something we can't find
them doing over any other issue here in
Germany to say no to the AFD and no to
their policies
