hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
with the Islamic state and its many
Confederates defeated or facing defeat
in Syria what is next for this war-torn
country what justification exists for
the u.s. to maintain military forces
there does Washington want Syria
partition if so then why
crosswalking syria i'm joined by my
guest Jonathan Steele in London he's an
international affairs commentator in
Leeds we have efficient shahi he is a
senior lecturer in Middle East politics
at the University of Bradford and in
Doha we cross the Mohammed
shakaal we he is a professor of conflict
resolution at George Mason University
and author of what is enlightenment
continuity or rupture in the wake of the
Arab uprisings all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in anytime you want and I
always appreciate I've seen if I can go
to you first in leads here let me read
some of the headlines here Tillerson
touts indefinite US presence in Syria
and Assad must go in new plan also
Tillerson US military presence in Syria
open-ended will ensure regime change
option I thought we got way way past
that with the with the collapse of the
Islamic state with talks in Afghanistan
I'm sorry in Kazakhstan with the
Russians in the Iranians in the Turks I
thought you know till it this is a blast
from the past where is this coming from
go ahead of Sheeran leads I think what
we see at the moment is effectively
Germany fication of Syria effectively
what we are seeing at the moment is
replication of the post-war German
situation when the country became
divided between two different spheres of
influence and that kind of open-ended
division I changed the security and the
political landscape of the world at
least for about 40 years of course we
have to bear this in mind that at the
moment certainly over the last 12 or 13
months what we have seen in American
political establishment is confusion so
I really don't want to jump to a
conclusion but if mr. Tennyson is
absolutely committed to his words and
they're going to keep their kind of
forces in Syria to prevent further
empowerment of Bashar Assad effectively
is what I mentioned is going to be kind
of German efficacious
of Syrian conflict which will have
serious implications not only for Syria
but for the wider region of course they
keep telling us that you know they are
not interested in partition and
disintegration of Syria but if it moves
like a dog if it is like a dog then
probably it's a dog
you know Jonathan weigh in on that
because I'm really quite mystified by
all this what is the national security
interest of the United States to
maintain military forces illegally under
international law in Syria what is the
game plan it seems to me it's a lot of
spite they don't like the fact that the
Russians the Iranians and Assad one that
is a fact on the ground they won't
accept it go ahead Jonathan well I think
they've made it clear that it is against
Iran
initially it was against iris than it
was against Assad now it's against Iran
they say that quite clearly they've
built here on up into a bogeyman I mean
Tillison was talking about this northern
arch there's some kind of arch invisible
to anybody except Tillison and the
American administration that would
stretch from Tehran to the Mediterranean
coast
I mean it's nonsense I mean for years
Syria was a completely calm country but
Iran had meant minimal influence there
had no troops there at all it's only
because of the collapse of authority in
Syria that the Iranians have come in if
Thor 'ti is restored in Damascus and
Assad can exert control as he's hoping
to do throughout the country then we no
need for the Iranian presence and I'm
quite confident that it would be
dramatically reduced so it's a bogeyman
in the eyes of the Americans it's
nonsense yeah okay but I may go to
Mohammed in Doha me I agree with you
it's it's really in a farce here that
the u.s. is a created in pursuing here
but it has real-life implications on the
ground here I mean the the interesting
thing is is that the the Syrians proxy
civil war never gets simpler we we have
the whole situation
okay Atlantis and illusion but Turkey is
not and this is we have this collision
that's going on between to mate and NATO
countries the United States and Turkey
having a collision over the Kurds here
and I don't see
any real easy way out except for maybe a
deterioration of NATO relations within
the Alliance I mean that certainly can't
be what the Americans want is it go
ahead Muhammad while so far we have seen
one year of trumpism
and u.s. foreign policy and so far what
we are witnessing is basically hyper
politics with no specific strategic
objectives so far the Trump
administration has not has not resolved
the ISIS problem for sure at the same
time the Syrian conflict now is at limbo
and instead of de-escalate in this
particular conflict in the Mideast what
Trump has done he has trained triggered
another conflict with Turkey so far now
we are faced by with one open-ended mega
conflict that is going to be between the
United States and Turkey then it's going
to have other ramifications in Iran and
beyond so far in terms of conflict
analysis I don't see a particular
strategic way out of this mess and
fortunately we had a lot of rhetoric
coming from the White House but we don't
have any effective strategic decisions
trying to deescalate the situation or at
least help the Syrians find an outcome
that would be favorable to all parties
and as I'm now writing this piece the
whole Geneva process now has been become
history yes I've seen I mean I'm sorry I
don't want to sound naive here but there
is a way out here it's called a sitting
down at the table and negotiate an end
of this have internationally I've
observed elections I have nothing
against that make sure no all these
foreign proxies leave you make sure the
Gulf countries stop sending arms and
money to these nefarious groups here I
mean there is a way out it's not that
hard there's no political will
particularly on the side of the United
States that has no geopolitical winces
whatsoever to be in that country go
ahead there is no easy way out because
they are
too many kind of foreign interests
involved in in this conflict and in my
opinion we are only beginning to enter
the second phase of this bloody and
multifaceted and multi-dimensional
conflict in the first phase we can
assert that account of Assad along his
allies like Russia Iran and Hezbollah
have been the main kind of a witness but
now we are entering the second phase and
in this phase maybe we're going to have
an active involvement of other regional
players important regional players who
did not play a leading role in the
previous phase and here I'm talking
about ezel the reason that the United
States is going to keep kind of at least
2000 soldiers in Syria and at the same
time training another 30,000 count of
soldiers within the framework of kind of
SDA forces it's because of the fact that
they want to maintain a military balance
in the second phase because it seems
that they are extremely concerned about
permanent military bases by countries
like Russia and the Islamic Republic of
Iran so in my opinion basically fighting
against our edge or basically taking
measures to prevent further empowerment
of Bashar Assad is nothing but a pretext
against against what's happening at the
moment so they want to just create a
balance of power in the country and that
can create an open-ended conflict for a
very very long time that's a very
interesting way of looking at if I go to
Jonathan I mean but you know what I
I guess what you know these other
outside forces forget that Syria is a
sovereign country it can invite other
countries in to set up a military base I
mean the United States says it all over
the world okay and the in the Syrians
want to have the Russians there have the
ratings there were they were not there
before I mean that the the rank
hypocrisy of all of this you know why
should these foreign powers who decide
who can have a military base in Syria
when they have no right to do so under
international law go
Jonathan well I mean I agree with you on
that I mean rock
the Americans were invited by the Iraqi
government of Nouri al-maliki initially
and Hyderabadi afterwards and they came
in but in Syria they've never been
invited in and they've never never been
approved their presence by Damascus so
it is completely illegal and they should
now finish off I mean they the trouble
is the cancer behind eating away at US
policy is this issue of trying to get
Assad to resign they early on in 2011
thought he would resign or be toppled
rather by the crowds in the street like
what happened in Syria what happened we
know what happened in Egypt I mean what
happened in Tunisia but it didn't happen
they now must admit that they made a
terrible mistake and if they want peace
in the country if they want
reconstruction if they want the refugees
to go home and the IDPs to go home they
have to recognize that Assad is the
winner in this you must deal with him
and construction and reconstruction was
go through him and all these rebel
groups from outside funded by the Gulf
countries and Turkey and so on must to
go home and and leave the country alone
well Mohamed knew me if I go back to you
go back to our last minute before we go
to the break here I mean since 2011 to
the present can you explain to me in our
audience what difference does it make if
Assad is there or he's not there we have
seen to this the civil war that is an
invention from the outside the cohesion
of the Damascus government it is there
okay and it's not based on a per
personality a cult of a personality the
outs these outside forces had broaden
the the people of Syria are very very
different people to come together and
fight off foreigners okay so this whole
thing that Assad must go is ridiculous
go ahead Mohammed well so far since the
protests in Daraa that started
peacefully in March 2011 and we had a
six-month of non-violence so there was a
political process that means the young
Syrians were protesting there's there
misery and socio-economic grievances and
then there was this interaction however
once we moved to October 2011 things
went south we had violence so far I
perceive Syria as a kitchen of regional
bad politics where you have several
powers trying to manipulate the battles
and the security for this faction I'll
come back you we must go to a break it
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion on Syria stay with our
team
the 2008 economic crisis turns some
countries into pigs
these are the countries with weaker
economies that needed austerity policies
if you are in a situation of low growth
even recession austerity is a very bad
idea
it doesn't work and it makes millions of
people very unhappy those who are
unemployed see their wages decline after
almost a decade how good are the results
she saw no certainties occupying pure
crystal water of the TV CEO Lee ro Joon
Jae hol attitude Bellucci it at Estoril
clamorous i mean why are the same
measures still in place the one of the
consequences is to weaken labor slowly
dismantle the a welfare state one
hypothesis that should be considered is
that the consequences are actually quite
acceptable to the decision-makers
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter labelled
trying to were discussing Syria
let's go back to our scheana in Leeds
here I mean we can discuss the origins
of all of this I would disagree with our
guests in in Doha it wasn't all peaceful
in the beginning there were people that
were using force and looking for a force
regime change which of course those
elements have been there for a long time
and we know who've been backing them so
and also I'd like to point out is it in
this horrible horrific civil war when
you look at the casualties half of them
have been government troops fighting for
their country fighting for their come
their right to exist okay the people
they were fighting well they were more
interested in ethnic cleansing okay so I
think we should have a sense of
proportion here I've seen I mean I'm
really still very concerned with this
element with Turkey here how do we get
through this here because it seems to me
that a Erdogan has this kind of a neo
Ottoman view of the conflict he's
digging in in northern Syria and he
plans to stay it looks like so much for
the sovereignty of Syria and it's from a
country that is a member of NATO
go ahead Turkish Foreign Policy is
complicated and if you do look at that's
an understatement
if you do look at kind of on cara's
foreign policy over the last five years
it has gone through so many different
stages so we really cannot talk about a
single Turkish policy towards by the
Assad or Syria over the last five years
certainly in the first phase of the war
it was all about Assad and the future of
Syria without him but now it seems that
the main preoccupation occupation is
kind of its own internal security
dynamics as you know very well yeah the
Turkish security establishment and
political establishment has been
sometimes in violent and sometimes in
nonviolent confrontation with particular
care we're talking about three four
decades of confrontation and now this
they see this kind of year per year
which is in the framework of SDF account
of gaining more and more power
not only is gaining more and more power
in Syria but it is directly backed up by
the United States so as far as the Turks
are concerned this is directly
jeopardizing the internal national
security so what is happening right now
at the moment between Washington and
anchor it is no longer only about asset
and the future of Syria it is also about
some other very important issues and if
you do look at what has been happening
between Washington and Ankara over the
last year their relationship has kind of
gone to a very very problematic stage I
mean only it was about a week ago
American officials warned their own
citizens about traveling to Turkey and
Turkey did exactly the same there are so
many issues like Fotolia Jalan like a
discount very problematic case of
results are robbed as well as SDF that
are kind of creating a lot of
impediments for a cordial relationship
between these two NATO allies you know
Jonathan it's really interesting is a
serious kind of a backdrop overlooking
the crisis in Turkish American relations
I this is you know these are supposed to
be NATO allies here you have a you have
other NATO countries that are quite
nervous we have to point out to our
viewers that Turkey is the second
largest military in NATO and they see
there they say what are their allies
infringing upon the sovereignty of
another country and we have air21
actually wanting other NATO countries to
start joining in on his security efforts
security problems that he has created
for himself the more he meddled with the
Syrians that you would occur to
situation in Syria the more it hurts him
down the road just as we have seen
pointed out this is a very domestic
issue as well it's it's not one in Syria
it's not no actually it's also in Iraq
go ahead Jonathan well no I mean I've
seen is absolutely right I thought his
analysis of turkish foreign policy and
the contradictions was spot-on I mean
the problem is that there's no reason
why there should be a conflict even in
Turkey itself yeah there was a peace
process for two years everyone was
talking to Abdullah jalan and the kep
PKK leadership people and they were
making progress
and then he just threw it out of the
window because he wanted to present
himself to the Turkish domestic
electorate as a strong authoritarian man
who wasn't giving in because at that
point he was trying to win a referendum
on a new executive powerful presidency
so it was select rly modified moderated
and negotiated and he just threw the
chess board on the 10th floor the
Kurdish chess board but now he's got to
continue in Syria because he is
convinced that the SDF in Java as they
call it in Northeast Syria is somehow
beholden to the PKK which is no longer
true yeah Mohammed how much you know
we've talked to you started out with
your first comments about the first year
of the Trump presidency or trumpism here
in the Middle East I mean how much of
American foreign policy is actually
driven by some kind of vision that
President Trump has which I tend to
doubt to be honest with you or how is it
really coming out of Tel Aviv in Riyadh
because it seems that you know Trump has
really cozied up to Tel Aviv in Riyadh
in his presidency in a very simplistic
and I think dangerous way but how much
is he being pushed by those two
countries go ahead mohamed well i think
there are two shifts worth taking into
consideration in study in the position
of the trump administration one Trump
was always critical of the Obama
administration policy toward the Syria
he said that he was not effective and he
was not kind of help in the decisions
and now we are looking at the situation
where basically there is no clear-cut
u.s. role in Syria now in the midst of
all this chaos shift number two is and
over and exaggerated over emphases on
counterterrorism in the international
relations of the unit of the United
States with the Middle East and I think
what we saw in Riyadh Riyadh some it was
too much investment in this
counter-terrorist car to the extent that
now it has overshadowed the complexity
of the whole Syrian crisis and other
chaos and there is also another problem
now I think we are
kind of perpetuating among ourselves is
that we are trying to simplify whom to
blame who which country or which
government is responsible for the
escalation in Syria and I think the
blame goes round starting from the US
and some regional powers who thought
that we can manipulate a new balance of
power inside Syria and in the region and
guess what the this over is you know
this exaggerated investment in
counterterrorism is now bringing us to
the realization that it is still a more
complex conflict that what then were to
assumed back in 2012 you know I've seen
what are the interesting things is the
more countries like Saudi Arabia and
Israel blame Iran for the region's woes
you know the Iran just gets more and
more influential because it doesn't make
these geopolitical blunders that these
other characters do in in the region
here
I mean Iraq was a catastrophe what's
happening in Yemen is a catastrophe
Syria is holding its own here and you
know always looking to blame Iran and
Iran out by almost doing nothing comes
out on top don't you think they should
learn something from that
go ahead I've seen yes I mean certainly
when you do look at what has been
happening in the region over the last
certainly 15 years since the invasion of
Iraq by by the United States a lot of
things that has happened in the region
somehow has ended up kind of benefitting
Iranian position within the Middle East
the invasion of Iraq kind of the Arab
uprising the rise of Isis and so on and
of course it is not only about the
Iranian policy it is also about
miscalculations and wrong policies of
the Iranian drivers primarily here we're
talking about Saudi Arabia but the
situation is changing a little bit now
we have a president in in the White
House who has a very kind of narrow Iran
centric kind of understanding of of the
region
- according to his kind of naive
perspectives all the problems in the
Middle East all the instabilities in the
Middle East all over the southern can be
resolved if they could confront Iran and
the best way he thinks that he could
confront Iran is to kind of undermine
this historic nuclear deal and now
increasingly there is more evidence to
suggest that maybe within the next three
or four months we're going to see the
end of this a very important security
deal and if that happens it can create
some serious new problems for for the
region so Iran should not take account
of its recent victories in the region
for granted because the situation is
changing the corridor of power in
Washington is certainly in favor of
Saudi Arabia and Israel to the point I'm
not even sure if mr. Trump is acting on
behalf of American interests or the
interest of Israel and Saudi Arabia in
the region because if you do look at his
policies is effectively undermining
American interests or even with an
interest in the region in order to serve
kind of the foreign policy discourse of
both Israel and Saudi Arabia right let
me go to Jonathan I would add on to that
from what we just heard from what I've
seen and also a splintering on NATO and
the European Union over the Iran deal
okay because on the United States look
at nikki Haley you know and that vast
hall she's all alone or virtually all
alone in all of these issues here and
you know I was highly critical of
Obama's foreign policy the only thing
that he did in his foreign policy that I
agreed with was the Iran deal I think it
make pragmatic sense okay and now we
have this reversal here Jonathan one
last minute here I mean from what we
just hear do I mean is it really just
all about Iran and preparing some kind
of conflict with Iran because you know
all the pieces on the board kind of
point in that direction go ahead well no
that is certainly to endure and what
I've seen said was right again I mean
Israel has always wanted the u.s. to
change the regime in Tehran they hoped
that they would do that 15 years ago
they thought the Iraq was the wrong
enemy they were pushing for Iran and
they were quite and off by was being
told we'll move on Iran later after
we've done erupt and that is still now
the policy of the Trump administration
of course it's a complete diversion the
real problem in the Middle East as it
has been for 50 years is the
israeli-palestinian issue but of course
it it's in the interests of Netanyahu
and the right wing in Israel to try and
minimize the Palestinian thing say no no
Iran is much bigger threat and it's much
bigger issue it's trying to take over
the whole region and so on unfortunately
the u.s. so many people long before the
Trump administration have fallen for
that ploy yep they certainly I'm here
all right gentlemen that's all the time
we have for this very fascinating
discussion and I'm unfortunately I'm
sure we'll be talking about Syria in the
future many thanks to my guests in
London Leeds and in Doha and thanks to
our viewers for watching us here RT see
you next time and remember crosstalk
rules
