the US ambassador to the UN nikki Haley
said on Wednesday the Trump
administration's policy in Afghanistan
is working and they're closer to a peace
process than ever
however the UN was recently reporting
itself almost half a million people were
displaced in the country in 2017 alone
let's have a look at some of the latest
pictures from Afghanistan the u.s.
policy on Afghanistan is working
therefore my gesture I the phone did
them we are all war victims of the
bombing is ongoing in our village
a lot of houses have been destroyed in
several villages about six to seven
thousand displaced families are living
in this camp
we're closer to talks with the Taliban
and the peace process than we've seen
before as we were fleeing the Taliban
and ISIL were fighting each other then
government forces launched a military
operation against ISIL our houses were
destroyed our livestock we do not want
Afghanistan to be a safe haven for
terrorism anymore and so we continue to
go down that path 21 international
terrorist groups are operating in this
country the essence of suicide bombers
or being sent we are under siege we do
everything we can to combat terrorism
nikki Haley has to pretend that US
policy is working because she's a loyal
follower of Donald Trump and she can't
say that Donald Trump's policy is not
working his policy is very similar to
Obama's except that he is now sending of
another four thousand troops so soon
there will be something like fourteen
thousand US troops instead of none at
all so that's a sign that the old policy
wasn't working but it's not at all clear
that the new policy of sending more
troops will work either
the trouble is that whereas five or ten
years ago the main opponents were the
Taliban since then we've had other
people coming into the picture there was
the Haqqani network there was school but
in Hekmatyar been the third group that's
come up in the last five years is is
Isis they've been conducting some very
dramatic suicide bombings in Kabul
itself so that Kabul itself has become
much less safe than it used to be
