new law in Germany which combats hate
speech online is making headlines again
as laughter the Facebook account of a
member of the right-wing alternative for
Germany party was blocked following her
call for people to join a women's march
against rape and killings perpetrated by
migrants in the country I organized the
women's march to the Chancellery almost
every day we read about horrific rapes
and murder of women the more women come
the more pressure will put in Merkel and
politicians from the old parties
together let us take to the streets to
fight for our right to freedom and
self-determination despite belonging to
a party known for its strong anti
migrant rhetoric Leyla bills who's a
women's and children's rights activist
regularly travels to Syria and Iraq to
help people there she's of migrant
origin herself and was surprised at the
official reason for her Facebook ban as
a mentor Facebook cabochon my travelers
with Facebook started a few years ago
Facebook has a big issue with women of
migrant background you can notice that I
don't have a Nordic look you can see
that I am originally from the South here
in Germany I fight for human rights
which isn't always easy in Islamic
countries people like me are silenced by
Facebook but since I have a certain
popularity and quite a large following
I was blocked for 30 days then my
account was deleted but that wasn't the
first time my accounts have now been
purged four times and since I am a
member of the a of D which in Germany
fights for women's rights I'm a nuisance
for Facebook and the mainstream media
laila was banned under the new law that
forces social media to delete offensive
content within 24 hours after receiving
a complaint otherwise companies would
face huge fines earlier this month the
deputy leader of the alternative for
Germany party saw her Facebook and
Twitter account suspended after she
criticized the country's police for
saying Happy New Year in Arabic Leila
bilge again says people who express
their anger at migrant policies in
Germany are seeing their voices silenced
online this probably m'sieur the policy
of the German government and especially
of the older parties is intended to help
young man from
Islamic or African countries get settled
in Europe and to accept their religion
and culture for this reason a German
citizen who has lived here forever is
being ignored and in the case of
Facebook or Twitter it works like this
they censor all critical statements even
though they are consistent with the real
situation of course it runs against the
mainstream political line in Germany for
this reason they try to silence all
critics of the German government's
asylum policy
