one short statement from US military
command has led to a rather
uncomfortable situation for the White
House the Trump administration has been
rapidly backpedaling on plans to create
a border force with Kurds in northern
Syria after sparking a furious reaction
from Washington's key ally near their
that of Turkey the Secretary of State
let her try to clarify the situation
saying the US has no intention of
creating a border security force in
Syria is he saying that when the
Pentagon says we're gonna try to come up
with a force of 30,000 people that that
that's wrong or is he just disputing I
would have to refer you to the
Department of Defense on that I think
they were clear in the statement that
they put out so let me just refer you to
them on that but I'm asking about his
comments yesterday we said there's no
border security force that's not what it
is
look I don't have to refer you to the
Turkish government about what they
became so concerned about and the fact
that somebody misspoke and I'm not gonna
name any names and neither as a
secretary but somebody clearly just
misstated their policy it's as simple as
that
however the the announcement had already
threatened to create a new conflict in
war-torn Syria with turkey immediately
moving as tanks straight to the border
it later said it had no option but to
continue the operation in turn Kurds
then took to the streets to protest
against Anchorage military actions and
to denounce or other one's remarks
a friend will be aired the ones
graveyard today hundreds of thousands
are protesting to tell him that the
people of our friend will never leave
their land the international community
should send a message to Turkey telling
them to stop we have bought the YPG as
their so we can defend ourselves we
discussed the latest tensions between
the US and Turkey with international
relations professor Jamal Joaquim he
believes we're currently seeing various
stages of damage control being set into
motion he's trying to limit the damage
that was caused to the Turkish American
relations with this new American move by
establishing this border army under the
pretext of protecting the the border the
Syrian border with Iraq and with Turkey
but I believe that the main geopolitical
objective here is for the United States
to have a surrogate army in eastern
Syria that could ensure that the United
States have a foothold on Syrian soil
and prevents the Syrian government from
extending its control over the northeast
part of Syria
so as regional tensions between the two
key allies worsen Arty's eager standoff
has been taking a closer look the Middle
East has always proved a tough nut to
crack for the United States hardly
helping matters now though is lacking a
unified game plan days ago the Pentagon
proudly announced it would create a
so-called Syrian border security force
the Coalition is working jointly with
the Syrian democratic forces to
establish and train the new Syrian
border security force currently there
are approximately 230 individuals
training in the BSF synagogue class with
the goal of a final force size of
approximately 30,000 but the u.s.
apparently forgot to run the idea past
turkey for Ankara Kurdish military group
cite terrorist factions it says
clear-cut is that hence Washington's
announcement drove Turkey hopping mad
America has admitted that it has
established a terrorist army at our
border and it's up to us to strangle
that terror army at birth Turkey power
projected additional troops along with
tanks to the southern border with Syria
and amid this pass America's top
diplomat Rex Tillerson intervened to
save the day
the entire situation has been missed
portrayed mr. scribed some people
misspoke we're not creating a border
security force at all
being a mouthpiece of u.s. foreign
policy these days is one hell of a job
especially when you have to contradict
your own military to keep an ally happy
but arguably that's not Ellison's
biggest brain wrench right now
explaining why the US military is still
in Syria is first it was the we need to
fight the terrorists mantra our military
policy in Syria has not changed our
priority remains the defeat of Isis
so-called Islamic state as to all
intents and purposes now been reduced to
a ragtag of guerrilla fighters but
surprise surprise
it's left to Tillison to come up with a
new purpose for the US military in Syria
is crucial to our national defense to
maintain a military and diplomatic
presence in Syria stable unified
independent Syria under post-assad
leadership is functioning as a state
Iranian influence in Syria is diminished
and as if life wasn't hard enough for
Tillison here's the tweeter in chief as
his president Rex is a bit of a
Tyrannosaurus when it comes to social
media but he tries to survive I don't
even have a Twitter account that I can
follow what he's tweeting so my staff
usually has to print his tweets out and
hand them to me
