drug-related crimes the becoming so bad
on parts of the Paris Metro that train
drivers are reportedly refusing to stop
at certain stations that's according to
a letter written by a union which
represents the metro and bus network in
the capital artis Sharla dubitzky jumped
on board to find out if those fears are
grounded for most Parisians the Metro is
a staple of life with its winding
tunnels and lines that stretch across
the city it's often the easiest way to
get from A to B but down in the
underground the gritty underbelly of the
capital is being exposed drug-related
crime and violence has been a
long-standing issue on Paris's Metro but
now the unions representing the train
drivers say it's a spiraling out of
control dealers and users including
those taking crack cocaine and no longer
hiding what they're doing they openly
lighting up Metro drivers are so fearful
of attacks at some stations many are
choosing to no longer stop there I say
if I'm office everything it's very
dangerous and it's terrifying it can
range from a simple punch to people
using nails and knives stations like
Mac's dawa and marca de Poisson year are
especially troubled drug users come here
for their daily fix and gangs have taken
over the problem is very dangerous for
both the Metro workers and for the
commuters it's even more dangerous they
are target's of theft I've seen more
than 100 attacks take place within
minutes of arriving at max dorm hua
metro station we witnessed what looks
like a drug deal the man with his back
to the camera has just arrived with a
bag in hand he walked the platform
stopping and exchanging some packages
with people and then he left with his
bag empty this seems to be the new
normal there are lots of drug users and
I think that with everything
that's happening in the metro they
should be doing something most of the
time the drug users are aggressive and
everyone is afraid for the security my
children now 20 and 25 lived there with
reverse of course they have been
attacked just one time
because he had in the middle of the
night is the smartphone playing with
that the principal problem is the
security robberies can happen sometimes
it's maybe aggression physical
aggression sometimes - once I saw a man
attack another young man as we traveled
through some of the most dangerous
stations we saw Metro security and
police trying to crack down on the
problem they succeeded in moving this
bunch along but in reality all they've
done is move the problem to another stop
or on to another day Charlotte Dubinski
RT Paris
