millennium aria my name is Maria I got
I'm a vet from Poland East for us for
once I have a project for species that
are going extinct it's called on behalf
of those who cannot speak based the goal
of the project is to enlighten people
that anyone is able to do their share of
protecting the animals I took part in
many projects but my biggest dream was
to take part in a project where animals
are released into the wild which like a
sheeted fidelity duties I found such a
project in Russia it's the bear cub
rescue center in Alicia Natalie the
mobile losses for the center is
supported by IFAW was I applied and was
approved for the project
the best amoeba scuba now I'm a
volunteer here just that she can take
the she's taking care of the
Cubs at the center row see you soon
different they voted huh it's a genuine
currently we have five of them need to
be down so sometimes I have to get up at
night or early in the morning to feed
these hungry babies now they're still
young so you have to feed them every
three to four hours the water in that
verse you love it you have to clean
their boxes and change their Linens
after you feed them you have to massage
their tummies to help them prove I
learned all those things quickly enough
even Katya explained everything to me
and showed me how it's done
- you wouldn't move it mr. money here we
have lots of work to do today but just
keep them we have to clean the perimeter
of the enclosure is silly because we
have electric fences installed along the
walls so Cubs can't escape is beautiful
they're not ready to be released into
the wild yet we have to go around the
perimeter and sprinkle the snow with a
sash so when the Sun comes up it melts
quickly
see how much snow we have here
so this is how we do it whatever dude
yes good job
now when the Sun comes up we'll melt
away much faster
it is known today that when I came here
there were only two cubs at the center
then soon after that we got a third one
it was covered with dog bites this is a
very common situation in Russia people
go into the forest to get wood and
stumble onto a layer they scare away the
mother bear so she abandons her cubs
unfortunately the dogs killed one of the
cubs but the people managed to save the
other one so they brought it to the
center they did a surgery on it and a
moment the cup survived but it's still
the smallest and the weakest one here
it's impossible to single out any one of
them every cub is special in its own way
I love them all night would be the most
difficult part as a volunteer is to hold
back your emotions when you're with the
Cubs it's really tough you have to
remind yourself all the time that these
are wild animals and soon we'll have to
release them into the wild so they have
to remain wild you have to keep your
contacts with the animals to a minimum
you can't fall on over them because it's
HOT them touch them unless you have to
and they're so cute
practically but this is invaluable
experience which I will certainly
remember for the rest of my life
it's possible the values the center uses
the methodology developed by its founder
Valentin budget nor thing apparently
move up
the chorus davon italianized pays over
80 years old today so smoothly his son
Sergei and his grandson Vasily don't
work with the Cubs you can say it's a
family project as the entire family
works on it Valentin Pajitnov
methodology for rehabilitating bear cubs
and releasing them back into the wild is
recognized as the best in the world
mama I really hope that all the
knowledge and experience I've acquired
at the center in Russia will help me in
my work with bears after I returned to
Poland
you
