a teenager has attacked a school
injuring six people including a teacher
in eastern Siberia let's get more
details on this right now our teaser
Jacqueline Berger live in the studio
with us this morning so as far as we
know now what's the latest well it looks
like around 9:30 a.m. local time a
Molotov cocktail was thrown into a
classroom full of seventh-grade students
and when they attempted to flee the
classroom which was then of course on
fire there was at least one attacker
waiting out in the hallway with an axe
and he ended up injuring several
students and a teacher and we are
getting some conflicting reports still
at this point it's a very chaotic
situation of course some are still
saying there was only one attacker
others are saying there were in fact
three attackers so that's being followed
very closely at this point and one
eyewitness actually said that the
attacker warned a fellow student what he
was planning let's take a listen the
girl said she received a text message
from the boys whom attacked the school
that she should not go to class warning
that there will be blood he ran into the
class and inflicted injuries upon three
school children and a teacher with an ex
a child received a blow to the face
another one was truck on the back and
another girl lost some fingers so
according to initial reports we have at
least six people injured the seventh
grade students and a female teacher all
of whom have been taken to the hospital
but two of which are still in critical
condition it's also been reported that
the attacker himself tried to injure
himself but was detained and has also
been taken to the hospital and at this
point a criminal case has been opened
against the attacker on charges of
attempted murder of minors
now Jackie Russia is already reeling
from a school attack this week and now
this exactly exactly on Monday in the
Russian city of Perm at least a dozen
people were injured when an 11th grade
student and a former student entered the
building armed with knives let's take a
look at what happened there
we heard children screaming very loudly
we were scared at first we thought it
was a joke but then we realized it was
serious who thought there might have
been a fire or a bomb we ran
I saw three little children covered in
blood honestly it was horrible
blood was spilling from heads from necks
absolutely horrible
some guys told me that two youngsters in
masks ran into the classrooms injured a
teacher and started stabbing kids then
one of them jumped out of the window
trying to escape
another kept running trying to injure
the children then hurt himself
so two violent attacks on schools in
less than a week and the problem is in
both cases the motives are yet unknown
what was behind this what the thinking
was so of course we'll be following this
and just hoping that this doesn't turn
into some sort of very disturbing trend
no teaser chuckling Luka updating our
breaking news hero Nazi international
thank you
