hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report yeah the show that takes you down
deep to where spongebob lives and then
drowns Stacy hey max you know here on
Kaiser report we often cover things that
are not part of the orthodoxy we are we
cover heterodox economics and things
that are not part of what the mainstream
media might say so this is quite
alarming for a mainstream media headline
and it's from Peter coy the business
editor economics editor I'm sorry at
Bloomberg and his headline reads the
tyranny of the US dollar the incumbent
international currency has been American
for decades is it time for regime change
and as a very bizarre just 2 paragraph
article and it doesn't really say
anything other than this sort of
paragraph by the latest tally of the
European Central Bank America's currency
markets make up two-thirds of
international debt and a like share of
global reserve holdings oil and gold and
price and dollars not euros or yen when
Somali pirates hold up ships at sea its
dollars they demand and threats to be
cut off from the dollar based global
payment system strike terror into the
likes of Iran North Korea and Russia
it's no exaggeration to say that the
dollars primacy is at least as valuable
to the US as a couple of aircraft
carrier strike groups
well there's a direct correlation
between air strike carrier groups and
the dollar the dollar has no intrinsic
value it has no trade value trade values
collapsed 97 percent since it was
launched in 1913 and as Paul Krugman has
said the dollar is backed by the
Pentagon is backed by violence and the
dollar is essentially tied to the
American Empire well that's why it's
interesting that Peter coy economics
editor at Bloomberg is now asking is it
time for regime change
that's not Kaiser report asking that
question is Bloomberg News asking that
question yes well that's right and
because the the writing is on the wall
as the saying goes that other countries
are looking to de dólar eyes that's the
phrase that has become popular in the
last few years d dollarization
china-russia
definitely on the deep dollarization
camp they are hoarding gold they're
building up gold as they play to de
dólar eyes they are looking for the
dollar to trade significantly lower and
and so yeah you're right in that
mainstream media is pointing out this
fact we've been talking about it for a
while checking in our heterodox
economists sources but now the heterodox
has become the Orthodox well based on
his suggestion in the title the tyranny
of the US dollar I don't think these
nations that Rd dollar izing I don't
think they care about the price of it I
think they care about the tyranny of it
is what he's suggesting I think what
we've suggested and you know Jim
Rickards has also suggested that on the
show and I know I invited him to come on
the show today but he was on his way to
Washington DC he said to talk to some
folks there we know who those folks
might be about D dollarization so with D
dollarization we also come to another
headline suggesting that you know
mainstream sort of figures are coming to
the Kaiser report way of thinking and
this is another possible downgrade for
the US debt and this is economic
inequality could cause u.s. debt
downgrade moody says economic inequality
isn't just an academic idea as the
recent wave of populist voting has made
clear but a new report suggests that
worsening inequality in the US could
have financial repercussions for the
country that report out by Moody's early
in October from the credit rating
agencies Moody's Investor Services
called government of the United States
rising income inequality will likely
weigh on credit profile and now remember
after the US election and they mentioned
the populist wave we got blamed for
pointing out the possible cause of the
populist wave as the wealth and income
gap and perhaps the people of Wisconsin
in which Michigan for example did not
want
TPP or TTIP trade deals so perhaps that
was more likely for it rather than some
foreign you know some guy who lives
thousands of miles away whether it was
in a cave or a bin Laden or Moscow for
Putin you know it's always some for and
our way over there that has some sort of
mystical control over American
population but here Moody's agrees with
us that it could possibly be the wealth
and income gap that is more important
yeah that's confusing because in
aggregate the numbers look better than
you know they look like average wages
are going up and the wealth effect of
rising stock market causing the market
for jets to trend higher and even the
market for used jets is trending higher
but if you dig into the numbers you see
that there is this widening wealth and
income gap so the averages might be
going higher but that's just meaning
like there's a huge concentration of
wealth in the top one percent or top
one-tenth of one percent and it's making
the averages mislead the pundits on the
mainstream the the averages are going up
averages median is going down so that
half the population is earning less and
less so median is the one to look for in
terms of what George you know half the
population is actually earning less yeah
yeah so the median going down and then
this causes this wealth and income gap
which leads to you know all kinds of
problems that we've talked about and
they go on to say why they are thinking
Moody's is considering a downgrade and
basically they're putting the US on
watch to be downgraded so they said that
in short the Moody's analysts wrote the
deficit is likely to surge as inequality
increases the need for more social
spending to support lower income
households even as tax cuts that benefit
the wealthy reduce revenue meanwhile
fiscal consolidation efforts that
attempt to reduce the burden of
entitlement spending by hiking payroll
taxes or cutting benefits would
ultimately exacerbate inequality as for
inequality moody sinks it's already
problem so deepening it would be serious
right so I mean downgrading the debt now
I think Moody's are
the rating agencies downgraded American
Treasury debt already from triple-a to
stumble a double-a + + yes right I think
that was maybe just briefly and then
they upgraded it again so they've been
flirting with this idea for a while they
absolutely should downgrade the debt
because that that is still skyrocketing
the Trump administration has spent
heavily the debt is over I think 21
trillion and you have now the interest
on the debt becoming the second greatest
budgetary line-item right after the
military's defense spending if I looked
at my figures recently we're going to
talk about that on the next episode
actually we're gonna go over all the
data about the deficit the debt and all
that sort of stuff alright so so this is
you know this is beginning to smell bad
because you've got population that's
mired in debt and lots of other social
problems and there's no way to pay for
the stuff the theory of trickle-down
that that can be paid off by tax cuts
that encourage rising GDP and therefore
a bigger tax base that hasn't really
ever worked in the 30 years that it was
first proposed and you know it's not
going to work ever well a lot of people
in America will say if you look in the
mainstream media they'll say well you
know all these social justice warriors
and all of these social democrats these
people who like Bernie Sanders you know
the the fact is they're commies and they
should you know we should get rid of
them from the political space because
inequality is not something to object to
because you can't begrudge somebody
who's a multi billionaire from having
their billions but if the system is
rigged to create that situation and here
there's actual economic consequences we
already pay something like six hundred
billion dollars a year and just an
interest on our debt as a nation and
here they're suggesting that it's
actually going to rise because of this
wealth and income gap but finally I want
to say you know Jared Kushner son-in-law
of the President of the United States
I'm gonna show you one way that the
wealthy can get wealthier wealthier
based on the legal system that they own
the the legislative system that they owe
own in particular Jared Kushner whose
net worth is nearly 320
four million dollars appears to have
paid almost no income tax from 2009 to
2016 the New York Times reports the US
tax code allows real estate investors
like Kushner whose family company
Kushner companies has spent billions of
dollars on real estate over the past
decade to write off depreciation or a
property's devaluation because of use or
wear and tear so he's reported
significant depreciation and these
assets that he has he's gotten to write
that off against millions in income so
he pays nothing in income tax unlike the
ordinary Joe bag and doughnuts or Maxon
Stacey you know we had to pay a lot in
income tax we've paid a lot more than
this guy he's now on he's now basically
paid by our taxes as well by the way but
this is the sort of system that you know
it's the there was actually a carve out
in the latest tax legislation just for
these property developers to keep their
the this loophole that basically allows
them to avoid any income tax Leona
Helmsley
twenty years ago said only the little
people pay taxes I mean that's
she's a property developer her husband
the Helmsley properties Empire really
and in the property market you have this
depreciation aspect that allows you to
avoid paying taxes while having property
that goes up in value exactly but this
is the beauty of property and property
speculation and this is how fortunes in
America have typically been based on
property and so but nothing has changed
as such make this any different because
the property market is the number one
source of revenue I would say roughly
speaking for banking sector so the
banking sector has the strongest
lobbyists in Washington whether it's in
the US or the UK lending into the
property market is their number one
source of revenue and they as you say
control the legislative branch so until
you get bankers out of the legislative
branch that is to say until you get
bankers stopping making laws for
themselves you know every time they get
caught breaking the law they
new law and that makes what was illegal
suddenly legal as you saw it the S&L
crisis of the 80s they made it legal
through passing laws and then we had a
2008 crisis that was the same repeat of
S&L crisis but the difference being that
this time it was legal I want to point
out as well that here on Kai's report in
2016 we had Francine McKenna on to say
why would Trump try to hide his tax
returns and this is exactly it because
the mainstream media she said would have
focused on the fact that he had reported
massive losses and they order gone he's
not a billionaire but in fact what the
truth is what Kaiser report covers is
that this is how they get to report
massive losses they get to look like
losers on their IRS tax returns in order
to stay wealthy that's the way they stay
well that you only can become wealthy if
you don't pay any taxes like he's done
and we covered that on Christ's report
back in 2016 where we said Trump would
show massive losses as well hey don't
write us off stay tuned for the second
half right after this break
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time to turn to yo sup Quan
he is the co-founder of ho show yo
welcome thank you now you are the
co-founder of ho show we're at Osho con
in Las Vegas and it's really a security
conference could be the first may you
know big security conference in crypto
and yet from the very beginning
Security's been such a huge issue in
crypto from the mount cots blow up to
every single day things are blowing up
people who lose their wallets how come
security hasn't gotten the attention
that it deserves yo so that's a great
question
III think that what's happened is
there's these these periods of influx in
the markets where a whole bunch of new
people come in and the people that have
already been in for the last period of
like hacks and like all the mal
stuff and all these other things they
they kind of learn their lesson they got
burned a couple of times and they do
take serious acuity more seriously they
demand from the the wallets and the
things that they use that they they go
through a greater level of security
diligence and process but then when all
these newcomers come in and they haven't
had that the experience of being burned
in there they're fresh to it they're
they're thinking about like all the the
possibility and so they're entrepreneurs
starting new web sites and doing all
these things to to grow gain traction to
try to use that these technologies and
sometimes they they leave security to
the wayside and so here we are in Vegas
a lot of people just jump right in to
the blackjack table they don't really
know anything about blackjack but
they're excited and they lose everything
so you gotta do a little researcher so
explain as I understand it what host
show does is like you've created a kind
of a standardization for security so the
host show if you do business with a
company and that company can say we've
been hosts show scrutinized so we got
the host show seal of approval you know
and and that become the industry
standard for security is that true is
that a fair assessment
Oh kind of I mean well we've been
helping primarily with smart contract
audits to begin with and then we started
doing things that were like penetration
testing and other pieces to the security
infrastructure and
hygiene that company needs to undergo
but we started out only doing pieces of
the security for companies and security
needs to be much more comprehensive they
need to consider everything right I mean
the attack vectors are multiple they can
come in in any place I mean every single
week there's more hacks more sit it does
mean Facebook is major security breaches
everything is a major C is anything 100
percent secure not not historically I
would say no basically anything that can
be hacked at some point will be now in
the case of software it's a problem if
the software is hacked and there's
problems in the case of cryptocurrency
of course it's money so if you're a user
and you hear that everything gets hacked
all the time what does the user do do
they try to spread their accounts over
multiple platforms and how can you
mitigate the risk on the side of the
user you could split across multiple
platforms I'd say doing a little bit
more diligence right now on you know
like what's out there and what's
available for security use is probably a
better Avenue than just like you know
randomly using a bunch of different
services hoping that you know they're
they're not you know targets on the
dartboard but I'd say that we're still
pretty early on in that the the industry
as a whole needs to to kind of grow and
that's that's why we're throwing this
conference is to have those
conversations and find out like what
resources are out there for companies to
use what resources have not yet been
developed and need to be and done in a
collaborative way why is it seemingly
more difficult in crypto than let's say
their traditional banking space like
what are the unique challenges in this
space that you're facing one is just the
cryptocurrency wallet and the wallet you
know it's held in software and it's
never really been the case before that
you know a basically a string of
characters your private key holds you
know the access to all of your your your
your money and that brings some really
unique challenges from like custody -
you know theft even if you know exactly
who the culprit is that has stolen
crypto there's really no guarantee that
you could ever recover it
so the fundamental base layer that needs
security is the wallet layer
well even that yes absolutely needs to
be secured but there's a lot of
fragmentation there's a whole bunch of
different wallets for different
currencies but the bigger mistakes are
usually made by users wallets are
technologically complex and the way
they're designed now isn't ideal for the
average person where they might lose
those private keys where they might not
secure them properly and like you know
very much like a password or something
you know people might get access to them
and steal their funds and the it's just
way more difficult more burdensome for
the user and the consumer or even the
entity to try to protect those assets
right in okay so in the case of crypto
once you have the private key it's like
I stole your wallet and I've got the
cash and that's it you're not really
gonna recover it that type of that
that's the challenge there so let me ask
you a question about quantum computing
because people have suggested that this
is a security threat at some point in
the future and can you talk a little bit
about it like what is it how does it
relate to crypto and is it a risk we
actually have a speaker from NASA that
leads the quantum group that's speaking
tomorrow that I'm pretty excited to
learn more about this this very topic
but for Bitcoin for example there is a
maximum complexity to how much the
hashing rate power could be in the sense
that you know the the practicing oh I'm
starting a technical but the practicing
string on the the resulting hash is a
bunch of zeros so theoretically the
maximum difficulty would be all zeroes
and if we ever get to a point where we
have such a large amount of computing
power that we could calculate the hash
for that instantaneously then the
security backbone that supports Bitcoin
would just dissipate it would be it'd be
useless and suppose you deal to rewrite
the chain from any point in history and
that's what proof-of-work is supposed to
protect against so I guess that would be
one of the threats of you know having
just an immense amount of computing
power with quantum processing that being
said you know you could obviously fork
Bitcoin and put like quantum resistant
and algorithms in to protect against
that but ok so where are we on the site
like what is that because they're
quantum computing stories are coming up
more frequently this measuring qubits or
something
it's all happening where are we as the
threat and the time I mean it's
difficult to say but I'd say we're still
pretty far away because even if we get
the hardware to where it needs to be
meaning we have quantum computers that
are capable of like you know doing what
I like you know breaking Shah sensually
it doesn't mean that we would have the
software ready to employ on those
quantum computers very quickly it's a
different way of thinking and it's
different than all the way like you know
our present programming languages are so
far abstract 'add above what's
essentially a binary system and so to
use quantum with qubits would be very
very different so it was sha-256 but
secure hashing algorithm 256 yeah there
was have been new iterations and some
would say better hashing out of the
rhythms like sha 3 for example
so with sha 3 how much of a protection
do they ought what does that offer I
mean if in the sense in the the scope of
quantum computing almost nothing really
yeah because ok well I I'm glad that you
came on the show because I've just
changed my life now tell us about the
smart contract space some people argue
that you can't do it on Bitcoin and by
somebody I mean Andreas Antonopoulos
what are your thoughts about this I mean
the Bitcoin definitely was not
constructed to be able to handle smart
contracts or do like you know
decentralized processing and if you
tried to you know convoluted away into
you know specifically Bitcoin to do it
it would be very burdensome on the chain
so it's it's an unrealistic use case
that being said I know there are some
companies trying to build a layer on top
that and I guess it depends on how much
of the the processing or virtual machine
happens in that other layer versus what
happens in Bitcoin and
so I'm not too familiar with what that
that looks like right now but I'd say
you know anything's possible if you try
hard enough at it alright fair enough so
no let's just get a feeling for what you
would consider being at hosho and you
guys are like the big name in security
now so what is the most insecure areas
that you're looking at that you are
focused on in the next you know year two
years what are you really focusing on so
one is wallets we are building a
multi-state wallet and it's just like an
area that like since the very beginning
of the company and even before people
always asked us how do we store our
funds securely what you know what should
we use how should we do it and we never
had a great answer for people and so we
decided that basically we would build
our own and so that's definitely one
huge piece on our roadmap the other
thing is tooling that helps people write
smart contracts more securely and
develop on protocols more securely so
that's what meadowsweet is all about we
open sourced that and we started
building that in January to help us do
the security and analysis that we need
to do because the tool and just didn't
exist so we're we had to build it all
right we got a couple of minutes
let me speak broadly you know you got a
startup how long a guy's been around 14
15 months right and so as an
entrepreneur as a startup is this your
first startup it's my 10th your 10th
yep and what were the lessons you
learned that you brought to hoe show and
so many so all of those had many of them
failed some of them succeeded one of
them was a Bitcoin exchange that we sold
the Kraken and so I learned a lot whose
security lessons there but probably the
more valuable lessons I learned from
that was just kind of you know like from
a legal regulatory standpoint that like
no one really knows what's going on in a
lot of these areas it's just so new and
oh I'd say the big lesson out of that is
learn it yourself go dig into
dig into the documents against uh you
know whether it's legal documents or its
programming code or whatever learn about
it and figure it out and say it buzz I
mean I feel like there's just no better
guidance than then going into it and
trying to figure out how it all works
start up what's the common mistake
people in startups make that you can
pass along some wisdom here a veteran of
over ten startups you're now with OSHA
looks like a winner
like what what can is a mistake to the
millions of people watching and thinking
I want to do a start-up like what are
the couple of the pitfalls they can
avoid man there's so many I mean like
even the ones that I did well and I I
there's still so many mistakes I made
like one of them I didn't do any
marketing at all and I realize that's a
big problem
how important is stamina in other words
when you do a startup you're 24/7
dealing with stress more or less and you
need to eat right exercise and just have
your stamina yeah okay I'd say that
that's actually a big one is don't burn
out like you know you you can be so
tempted to you know like work those 100
110 hour weeks week after week after
week and at some point you are going to
burn out though if you do that and if
you burn out it's just way more damaging
overall than if you had just cut back a
little bit and maybe you didn't meet
that deadline maybe you didn't close
that deal but at least you can continue
operating yeah finally people are
familiar with hardware wallets trades or
and others now there's some concern has
been too concerned about
man-in-the-middle attacks can you talk a
little bit about the risks there and
what your thoughts are I mean at the end
of the day every single thing that
you're storing a crypto LAN is going to
have some sort of potential exploits or
vulnerabilities and hardware wallets are
no different I think that a better
approach than just keeping your capital
on a single hardware device are only
accessible by one is to use a multi
signature approach where you split it up
and in that instance it becomes less
important whether or not that one device
has some sort of very you know limited
vulnerability because it's one of many
fair enough yeah sup Quan thanks for
being on the Kaiser report thank you
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with main mass Kaiser
and Stacey ever want to thank our guests
yo sub quant co-founder of ho show and
founder of this fantastic event
Oh show comp in Vegas if you want to
catch us on Twitter its Keiser Report
the next time bye y'all
