one of france's most notorious prisons
has seen 200 guards there go on strike
over security concerns at the jail
following the strike almost a hundred
and twenty inmates refused to return to
their cells the prison's reputed to be a
hotbed of Islamic extremism among the
inmates there is Salah Abdeslam now he
was behind the deadly Paris attacks of
November 2015 and it's not the first
strike to hit a French prison this week
with guards fearing for their safety
across the country all discussed only
popular desires today we've all come
here for a strike
because discontent is spreading across
France a crucial problem is the security
of prison personnel today for each guard
there are 90 inmates on top of that
there's the issue of Islamic radicals
who are also kept in our jail and who
are not isolated from other inmates
it's dangerous for us to be around the
inmates because for them we are
everything they hate for them we are
enemies by definition
our work is very dangerous
where WIC teams of aggression and
insults who experience violence which is
not taken into consideration by the
government it has become more and more
difficult for us to act I've seen
physical aggression towards my
colleagues every day it happens every
time we open the cell doors support the
city we denounce the working conditions
of our colleagues at the prison the
security conditions the numerous acts of
aggression against them we want salaries
to be increased for those who face such
risks at work as well as an increase in
personnel and better security French
Justice Minister Nicole Bello Bay met
with a number of prison workers on
Tuesday she outlined a 10-point plan to
improve their working conditions among
the points she highlighted more staff
better equipment and a new director
further discussion on the issue has also
been scheduled for March
