now social media Giants Twitter Facebook
and YouTube have again been grilled over
alleged Russian interference in the US
presidential election I'm assuming that
none of you have any doubt that the
Russians meddled in our 2016 election
and attacked our democracy any question
it's only the latest US Senate hearing
the three social media Giants have
participated in this time round Twitter
also announced it was preparing at all
to warn users about Russian trolls the
idea has already sparked concern over
just how trolls will actually be
identified artist Daniel Hawkins takes a
closer look this time they've been
grilled at a US Senate committee session
about dealing with terrorist content and
other dangerous materials a letter that
I wrote hauling on these companies to
individually inform all users who were
exposed to false misleading and
inflammatory posts generated by Russian
agents we will be working to identify
and inform individually the users who
may have been exposed to the IRA
accounts during the election now
Facebook already enables users to check
if they've been exposed to Russian BOTS
and trolls from an apparent Russian
troll factory named the internet
research agency which sewed division and
mistrust back in 2016 fair enough if you
buy the Russian election meddling
narrative but it doesn't stop there now
it seems Twitter's going down the same
road we don't yet know the full details
of how this will work but in a hit-and
recording undercover journalist group
project Veritas allegedly discovered how
exactly Twitter picked out other
apparent BOTS
random breach
we have requested comment from Twitter
can they confirm that the tool aimed
tackling and identifying these Kremlin
trolls is 100% effective what are you
supposed to do in the case of a mistake
although the company has previously
stated people in similar recordings
didn't represent official views Project
Veritas of course themselves have in the
past been at the center of controversy
as a result of their methods tackling
BOTS is all well and good but what about
targeting opinions that are
controversial unsavory or unfavorable
1984 anyone so next time you're browsing
social media and come across material
let's may go against the grain don't
overthink things the platform itself
will give you a heads up what to believe
or not
