US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has
significantly backtracked on the
Pentagon's earlier claims it was
establishing a border force in Syria
however Tillison says the initial
announcement was simply a
misunderstanding the entire situation
has been miss portrayed mr. scribed some
people misspoke we're not creating a
border security force at all the
Coalition is working jointly with the
Syrian democratic forces to establish
and train the new Syrian border security
force Washington seems to have changed
his tune after turkey gave a furious
reaction to the initial announcement
president or the one accused the u.s. of
building a terrorist army on his border
and vowed to destroy it our video news
agency roughly filmed turkeys military
equipment on the border with Syria as
Ankara was preparing for a military
operation despite Washington's eventual
denial on Wednesday Tillerson was
reinforcing the u.s. intention to stay
let's be clear the United States will
maintain a military presence in Syria
focused on ensuring Isis cannot Ria's as
a so-called caliphate is dead job done
the world can pat itself on the shoulder
mission accomplished and all that what's
left of Isis has gone underground not
the sort of thing you can fight with
tanks and jets so why is the United
States now building an army in Syria
considering Syria already has an army
that can reliably keep Isis in check why
would they need a second one but ok
politics the u.s. really wants to stay
in Syria we're gonna stay for several
reasons stabilization and assistance in
the vital north and northeast protection
of our allies the Syrian democratic
forces but for other reasons as well let
me show you something else these a
Turkish missiles tanks artillery Turkey
a coalition member preparing
for an offensive against Syrian Kurds
the YPG who are also part of the us-led
coalition the Turkish president isn't
happy about America building an army of
Kurds now America's acknowledged it's
established an army of Terror along our
country's border is up to us to drown
this army of Terror before it is born
that's tough coalition trained fighters
are about to be attacked by a coalition
member what kind of Alliance is that add
to that the u.s. apparently told no one
it was building a new army any
activities that we take part in with
regard to the Syrian democratic forces
is something that's internal only
internal only to Syria internal or not
but SDF elements armed and trained by
the US reportedly on the move preparing
to defend against a Turkish offensive a
NATO member offensive with weapons given
to them by Washington how's that for a
tragic twist to expend so much strength
time and money to defeat Isis who need
to set the stage for another war a law
within the anti-isis coalition earlier
Syria's Maine Kurdish party appealed to
world powers to act on turkeys threats
occurred in Europe have taken to the
streets to protest against Ankara
operations on the Turkish Syria border
and we asked regional analysts about
what to expect from Washington which
might have to make a choice between its
NATO partner and its main ally in Syria
we have to be honest American right now
using the Kurds as a boots in the ground
and nothing more nothing less and then
also to put pressure on Turks to put
pressure on Russians to bring up a peace
deal to Syria and to get Iranian out of
that area and
this is the sad thing you know America
betrayed the Kurds in Iraq and they're
but ready to betray them in Syria at
this moment they're only staying around
just again to put a pressure on Turks
and Russian to make a deal in Syria and
our view Turkey will will not stand by
and we'll have invade the Kurdish area
and and this is a serious mistake and
maybe America is allowing this to happen
to kind of get Turkey in trouble even I
think the lies on the Friends of the
u.s. I don't know exactly what the USA
want
there is no clearance and their politic
towards the region or specially toward
the Kurds turkey and USA are members why
not oh there's a problem if one member
of NATO is treated the other should
actually help them but now it is very
difficult to say that in the trade
because it's coming from there Holly USA
if there is a real conflict with Turkey
sure us I will not that back the Kurds
to the end and that is that the problem
for me
