12 activists in the californian city of
El Cajon have been detained after they
were caught trying to feed homeless
people in a park according to current
legislation it is illegal to share food
in public places that attention was
caught on camera the ban on public food
sharing in El Cajon was introduced back
in October last year as a precaution
against an outbreak of infectious
hepatitis a the penalty for breaking the
law can be up to a thousand dollar fine
or even a six-month jail term well we
talked to her activists who were caught
by police they claimed the legislation
actually has the opposite effect of what
it's meant to do the homeless people who
were there were very thankful that we
were standing up and they were very
upset that the mayor in the city council
members could pass such a heartless
ordinance and none of those government
officials come out to that park and talk
to those people it really seems like
this is part of the city of El Cajon
effort to criminalize homelessness
they've already made made it against the
law to a panhandle to sleep on the
sidewalk so this is really like the next
step in in trying to push the homeless
out of their city and the big
justification that they used was the
heavy outbreak in San Diego and they say
all the Parkers the parks are so
contaminated with hepatitis A that we
don't want the homeless people to catch
it so we're trying to protect them but
everybody else can still go and have a
party at the park and share food with
each other and they wrote that into the
ordinance and that's what makes it
discriminatory because the target slowed
its operation yeah it's everybody else
is not magically immune from hepatitis A
within the same space so clearly there
this is not about hepatitis A and the
mayor has made comments in public
session at the city council meetings
where he said we're trying to make the
park less inviting to homeless people a
recent report by the UN outlined the
difficulties homeless people currently
face
we see an average of seven to eight
hundred people every single day
Congress has reached an agreement on tax
legislation that will deliver more jobs
higher wages and massive tax relief
since the recession we have not
recovered the homeless homelessness is
actually increased there's a problem
with high property values Airbnb is
buying up local properties and evicting
the tenants the mayor of El Cajon would
like everyone to think that all homeless
people are drug addicts and that is
absolutely not the case we have a very
high percentage of our homeless are
veterans we have a high percentage of
people who are working in this growing
criminalization of people who are poor
and powerless really is also a bigger
problem with the mass incarceration of
that happens in our country where we
have for-profit prisons with companies
making money off of jailing people
