members of the European Parliament had a
busy day discussing Russia and supposed
threats coming from Moscow Peter Oliver
has more now what we did see is this
polarizing MEP s on one side the group
that said that Russia was the root of
all fake news and lies they were trying
to drum up support and extra cash for
the East Stratcom task force now that's
the EU body that tries to look into and
expose what it sees as fake news RT &
Sputnik featured very heavy in some of
the rhetoric coming from these MEP s
there I have focused firmly on the fact
that every vote in Europe was
potentially the target of a dastardly
Russian plot there are Russian agents in
this very apartment right now and
they're already trying to actively
influence our elections Russia today
Sputnik and other channels are dangerous
it's quite interesting that the
Communists and the extremists
nationalists in this chamber they can't
see Russian this information and of
course your comms but we can see you
there are also voices pointed back
towards those same MEP so you just heard
from saying that they were just looking
for a bogeyman a scapegoat for their own
political failings and that Russia
fitted that scapegoat perfectly we need
to be careful when using phrases like
fake news I'm not trying to defend the
Russian regime by that I'm just rather
skeptical by references to interference
in US and European elections there is no
evidence of such interference lies and
lies and lies are being told throughout
Europe and we hear the same story over
and over again you say that the Russian
media spreads false figures and facts
tell us when have Russians provided
false facts when I followed events in
Libya Afghanistan Iraq and Syria and in
all instances I've seen the
transatlantic lies the media have been
reporting they'll publish the findings
of following from this debate and
whether there needs to be more financing
for the
East Stratcom task force in the spring
the keeping an eye on that expect to see
this debate over fake news not going
anywhere anytime soon
