before sliced Tel Aviv a modern
metropolis with high-rise architecture
as of today Tel Aviv is the second
largest city in Israel however just over
100 years ago at the time of its
founding it was just a small suburb of
the ancient city of Jaffa which lies
behind us but times are changing at a
rapid pace
so today the old city of Jaffa with this
rich 3,000 year history is just a small
tourist centre within Tel Aviv
first off toys clam degan her Pisgah or
the old jaffa hill which offers a
panoramic view of the entire city
however there is more to this place than
just the view the main tourist sights
here is the sha ha emunah
or the gate of faith it is a sculpture
that encapsulates the essence of the
Jewish nation expressed in three stories
Jacob's dream God asking Abraham to
sacrifice his son Isaac and the Battle
of Jericho the gates of faith is made of
two large stone pillars taken from the
Western Wall in Jerusalem this is the
right time in the right place to make a
wish but don't forget to touch the gates
when going through it now let's walk
through the old streets of Jaffa this
journey may become an endless affair as
every twist hides something new and
every corner highlights the rich
historical heritage of the place
as legends have it Jaffa was the very
city where Noah built his ark Perseus
rescued Andromeda and prophet Jonah
embarked upon his journey
throughout history it was the port that
was the heart and soul of Jaffa a famous
sea route was going through it and it
was the apple of discord that across the
ages caused many vicious battles between
the Egyptians and Phoenicians Arabs and
Turks French and British until 1965
Jaffa had been a major port for fishing
vessels and trade today the port only
harbours small yachts and privately
owned fishing boats not so long ago it
was reconstructed to become a
recreational area with the fish market
restaurants and art exhibitions
nonetheless the overall pitch has stayed
the same no matter how much they tried
to modernize the ancient Jafar its
unique individuality has remained
untouched it continues to be a very
distinct place with great historical
heritage
