activists supporting the recent movement
against sexual misconduct are taking aim
at their peers authors actors and other
public figures who dare to doubt the
direction of the so called me to
campaign is going face a furious
backlash
Jacqueline Vega has the latest examples
it feels like every time you turn around
another me to headline has hit the press
with new accusations from directors to
actors to fashion photographers but it
seems we've reached a turning point as
renowned feminists are concerned that
the campaign is becoming a witch-hunt
take Margaret Atwood author of a
Handmaid's Tale and acclaimed work
attacking misogyny who says she's
starting to doubt the movement this
structure guilty because accused has
applied in many more episodes in human
history than Salem my fundamental
position is that women are human beings
the full range of sanity and demonic
behaviorist dis entails including
criminal wands they're not angels
incapable of wrongdoing the backlash
she's received online and in the media
has been ruthless strange how someone so
brilliant can demonstrate so little
insight and self-reflection
I guess privilege is blinding wish
Margaret Atwood would get back to
writing the step-in fiction about a
misogynist world instead of you know
actively creating it I mean 78 year-olds
aren't exactly known for progressive
takes Condoleezza Rice the first female
african-american Secretary of State also
says me too maybe changing perceptions
of women and not for the better
I do think we have to be a little bit
careful let's not turn women into
snowflakes let's not infantile highs
women over in France a hundred
influential female artists are being led
by actress Catherine Deneuve in signing
an open campaign letter against me to
rape is a crime but insistent of clumsy
flirtin is not a crime Nora's gallantry
of chauvinist aggression now this
liberation of speech has been turned on
its head but the reaction to that was
furious and enough was forced to issue a
hasty apology a few prominent men have
also voiced their reservations one of
them was actor Liam Neeson there is a
bit of a wait
chants happening they must people being
suddenly accused of touching some girl's
knee or something and suddenly they're
been dropped from their program or
something unsurprisingly Neeson's
comments have also been less than
well-received by many the problem here
seems to be that there's often a if you
aren't with us you're against us
mentality with movements such as me to
those who are speaking out about their
concerns are not condoning sexual
assault nor attacking the campaign
itself but more often than not their
words are twisted or go unheard
Atwood may have said it best herself in
times of extremes extremists win
