bitcoins been on a rollercoaster ride as
of late for the last 24 hours have seen
its value plummet to below 11 $1000 in
fact all major crypto currencies are
down aetherium fell drastically in value
by 31% and is currently just under $1000
the crash follows a global crackdown on
the digital currencies in terms of
regulation in Brazil investment funds
are now prohibited from buying crypto
currencies in China authorities are
targeting online platforms that offer
exchange services and India is actively
targeting wealthy bitcoiners through
income tax regulation and some believe
Asia will bring in even harder measures
there are warnings this could now be a
survival of the fittest for digital
currencies China has always been opposed
to to Bitcoin and Korea now is becoming
increasingly concerned Japan is going
wild the most of the action on Bitcoin
atop coins are in Asia so the
speculation is really extreme
particularly in Japan and they know that
this is going to happen soon so they're
correcting China I might add since the
Communist Congress has taking a turn to
deal with speculators the only issue
right now is that this sector is so
technologically advanced that it went
and became big outside the bounds of
national governments and what they're
doing is catching up the world doesn't
need on a business sense
all of these cryptocurrencies all of
these projects they're not necessary
some of them will outperform and
out-compete
their peers just because they have a
better management teams better products
better solutions better technology etc
just look at them as very speculative
startup businesses some of them as it
happened in the nos that in the Nasdaq
bubble of the late 90s some of them will
be a dominating company dominating
business in 10 to 20 years but most
Neumann will be wiped away with the
underlying technology blotching
technology is good is here to stay
