the online streaming service Netflix
recently uploaded the iconic 90s
American sitcom friends but it hasn't
gone down well with a new generation of
viewers who have expressed that serious
reservations about the show
so will it stand the test of time
Kaneesha that sethi takes a look the one
with the homophobe the sexist and racist
not your average title of a friend's
episode but according to Millennials it
could be when Netflix announced the
award-winning sitcom would be uploaded
to the streaming service fans both new
and old were thrilled only instead of
enjoying the classic comedy the younger
generation have nitpicked reasons to be
offended Netflix putting friends in
their top picks for you suggestions is
straight-up homophobic
there is nothing I hate more than Ross
and male nanny episode of Friends he is
so sexist in homophobic and I just want
to jump into the TV and strangle him all
the fat Monica jokes
I remember them so clearly they used to
follow me around in my head when I was a
teenager and stop eating things guys
friends as more than 20 years ago and
viewers would have molted the characters
changing perceptions of society but
apparently in the eyes of Millennials
the jokes of the iconic 90 show have not
aged well with 29 we're not women
then there are bisexuals the some just
say they're kidding themselves political
correctness has had a massive impact on
this generations shift in taste making a
comedians job even harder to appeal and
not offend and for veterans of satire
like Mel Brooks is pretty much the death
of comedy we have become stupidly
politically correct which is the death
of comedy comedy has to walk a thin line
take risks comedy is the lecherous
little elf whispering into the Kings ear
always telling the truth always telling
the truth about you and behavior even
talk-show hosts are running scared of
getting their fingers burned people
became so offended at the TV host Bill
masks jokes he introduced this feature
Americans have got to learn how to take
a joke
a few months ago we introduced a segment
called explaining jokes to idiots some
comedians have even stopped performing
for younger audiences altogether I have
no interest in a gender or race or
anything like that
but everyone else is kind of with their
little calculating is this the exact
right mix the difference between the
generations right now is that people are
being rewarded on social media for
saying that they're offended by things
whereas back in the past people would
just kind of laugh it off or just kind
of shrug it off or you know turn off the
television if they didn't like a show so
now the new generation goes on you know
Twitter or Facebook and complains that
something is you know offensive to them
and you know it's not it's just funny
it's a comedy people need to lighten up
and I can't believe that people are now
like retro actively saying that they're
offended by it
