Facebook is being accused of revealing
detailed information on a group of
Dakota access pipeline activists to
prosecutors
that's according to documents obtained
by the online news site the intercepts
well after an executive order from
President Trump the pipeline is set to
be expanded across Native American land
and pass underneath the Missouri River
the activists organized a protest
against it using their Facebook page and
around 100 indigenous people drop
traffic on a freeway for about an hour
but later PT dispersed and no arrests
were made local prosecutor the local
prosecutor heard twice sought
information on this group from the
social media site according to documents
Facebook apparently helped them get a
warrant approved through the Department
of Justice activist Tina McKim thinks it
was part though of a deliberate effort
to scare supporters away not only does
this warrant attempt to scare people
from organizing this warrant attempts to
scare people from even looking at
information
well journalist Meyer on jury he does
report on issues of Native American
Americans thinks that Facebook violates
the protesters constitutional rights the
violations are continually happening as
we're seen and now in the court system
and so with Facebook as being an outlet
in the beginning we're seeing they're
also being used and violated in our
constitutional rights as US citizens but
as indigenous people we're gonna do what
we can to protect our land and we've
been seeing it abuse for 500 years and
desecrated it's important for us to
protect the earth
we can't violate that natural law and
we're seeing it happen or seen man do
that we're seeing individual
corporations do that individual
corporation is Dakota access having all
assets and federal and state and local
officers and mercenaries and National
Guard and Homeland Security and Border
Patrol at their disposal
