which staff have been caught on camera
revealing that the company has direct
access to all of its uses private
messages and that the level of control
is now concerning even some of the
firm's own employees the hidden-camera
conversations with twitter engineers was
conducted by the undercover journalism
group project Veritas you know and that
could be that could be shared I mean do
you have access well we should point out
the group behind the revelations does
have a mixed reputation it has been
accused mostly by those as exposes of
political bias as well as getting
information under false pretenses and
selectively editing it but its founder
James O'Keefe says the deception tactics
they use are solely to get to the truth
unlike their subjects who he claims lie
to their audiences when the latest
revelations do come days after another
project Veritas undercover sting in
which Twitter employs detailed how some
posts could be silenced from appearing
in timelines without the user knowing a
practice known as shadow banning
you've been someone but they don't know
they've been bad because they keep
posting but no one sees their context so
they just think that no one's engaging
with their content when reality no one's
seeing it
well Twitter's response to those claims
were that the comments in the video were
made by its employees in a personal
capacity and do not represent the
company Samira Khan now looks at whether
yet more revelations though might see a
user backlash against Twitter Rajeev
Baroness has been on a roll lately and
they've now published undercover footage
of Twitter employees admitting that they
view all of its users private messages
and then analyze them to create a
virtual profile which they then sell to
advertisers
who's like even after you said that
before I like finalizing damn but seeing
what you
regular tweets for the VM
everything so if you're sending private
messages by a Twitter keep in mind that
they will be stored and maybe even used
by Twitter so it'll be interesting to
hear Twitter's response this time around
now that their employees are blatantly
saying that storing private information
is company policy and this latest
revelation makes it clear that
everything you post be it public or
private doesn't really belong to you but
to a multinational corporation
Samira Khan reporting there well we have
asked Twitter to comment on these latest
claims although as yet we haven't heard
back from them human rights lawyer
though Dan Kovac says that the company
has gone too far I have no doubt that
they are abusing their power and that
they are probably looking into people's
private messages to be able to promote
advertising with folks using Twitter but
of course it is an invasion of privacy
the users have no control over the
social network but the companies do I
think this is a great scandal because I
think the whole system operates on the
premise that private messages are indeed
private and if people's private
information is being sold to third
parties who themselves are probably
selling it to other third parties then
we have no privacy at all and I think
people should be very concerned about
that
