now during talks in Washington the
Syrian rebel representatives have urged
US officials to revive a suspended CIA
program providing military aid to
militants fighting pro-government forces
now a senior official of the Free Syrian
Army Mustafa said jari stressed that the
US should get serious about challenging
Iran's growing influence in the country
so Jarrah underlined the Iranian role in
backing Shiite Muslim militias which
along with Russian airpower changed the
situation on the ground in favor of
Damascus the program was launched in
2013 under the Obama administration its
aim was to provide training for selected
recruits from the Free Syrian Army at
bases located in Jordan and also to
supply weapons and equipment the overall
cost of the US aid was around 1 billion
dollars a year further discussed the
issue let's cross live to Michel Maloof
a former Pentagon official Michael
thanks for being with us here on Rt
international so first of all how likely
is it that Washington will agree to
resume the previously suspended CIA
program for military support I tend to
think they will not number one it was
suspended because it was it wasn't doing
the job number one but number two the
the forces there that they were trying
to supply work more anti-assad than
anti-isis now that isis has sort of left
the arena there's there's other issues
and considerations the United States
decided not to suspend and ultimately to
kill the program to not only help Russia
but it's also putting it in direct
conflict with the Turks the Turks
actually support to these groups in in
the inlet province area in northwestern
Syria and that could result in the
confrontation already the Turks are
blessed in the United States for
providing arms and what-have-you ant
support to the Kurds ultimately what we
some of us believe is to partition Syria
itself east of the Euphrates but and
leave that for the Sunnis
so but I think that it's a little
contentious right now because on the
western part because of Turkey and
Russia and if if and some of those
elements that are going to in some of
the jihadi elements that are in the in
Liberia are not only al-qaeda but they
are remnants of of Isis for example I
heard from a friend of mine that the
head of Isis at the Aisne hill way
Palestinian camp in Lebanon just south
of Sidon just went up to Syria and he's
he's Isis and he's going into the inlet
so there's still elements of Isis up
there and so this is of concern I mean
you bring up a good point with so many
different factions involved I mean we
have Isis we have Sunni we have Shiite
we have the Kurds we have the Turks
if this military aid is resumed could it
destabilize the situation in the country
even further Oh totally totally it'll
show that the United States wants to
continue war even though the stated
purpose of even getting going into Syria
illegally by the United States was to
stop Isis well that's that mission has
been for that matter accomplished for
the most part to keep to break up the
the Caliphate although you still have
disbursements and and and other
insurgencies that'll probably occur in
the months maybe even years ahead but
but for the most part the Syrian army is
taking over and it's also it would also
put these elements these jihadi solvus
elements in direct confrontation with
the Syrian army and if they were killed
with the US arms that's a problem now we
know that US Iranian relationship right
now is not necessarily the best what
might be Iranian reaction to be to such
a renewal of such support for these
rebel groups
well it'll it'll play right into Iran's
hands had to make the allegation and and
I think rightfully so that the u.s.
really had no intention of a leaving
Syria one
say they did away with Isis but it's to
foam it further for their violence and
war in Syria and ultimately to
ultimately to the stable eyes that
government and that's something that
Tarin is against they want a stable
government in Syria and I and some of us
as I said believe that the u.s.
intention of not leaving even though
Isis was kicked out what is to partition
the country and and then that that's
that would be the u.s. then would side
more with the with the Kurds and the
Arab elements of the of the Syrian
democratic forces in that case and and
ultimately to allow for the Sunni
control of all of the eastern part but
the Syrian government wants to
reestablish its control over all of
Syria and there therein lies the problem
and also the United States and
supporting the Kurds once again runs
into a problem with the Turks certainly
is a mess to say the least Michael
Maalouf former Pentagon official trying
to sort all this out your help it makes
it a little bit more easy to at least
digest thanks for being with us
