also I'm just wondering is it right to
use the world word terrorism here
terrorism means to instill terror or
fear in people
I mean blowing up Twin Towers is
terrorism and shooting people in Charlie
Hebdo is terrorism and blowing up London
metros terrorism but eco-activists
targeting machinery really terrorists
you know that that's a you're getting
into semantics so what I would say yes
it is it's an eco-terrorism you don't
say terror you say eco-terrorist and the
reason it's that whether they're blowing
up an animal-rights lab or torching and
suv's in a parking lot or you know it
goes even further when I was in the
United States Senate Environment and
Public Works Committee I was one of the
researchers we actually held a hearing
it's actually right before I got there
with one of the animal rights former
Animal Liberation Front leaders a dr.
Jerry Vlasic who actually openly said
for every scientist experimenting on
animals that they can kill they can save
untold amounts of animals so they're
perfectly willing the leaders this is
one of the former leaders of alph and
other environmental groups of radical
terra eco terror groups openly calling
for killing scientists experimenting on
animals because they will save animals
lives and the scientist lives are
expendable because you're only talking a
few scientists and many countless of
animals that would be saved so this is
threatening people when the logging
protester puts the spikes and a tree and
and if someone comes by to chainsaw and
the chainsaw breaks when it hits the
spike there's been at least several
reported incidents of people being
massively injured and disfigured so
they're people do get hurt it is a form
of terror it terrifies the people in the
industry doing it and
