that Islamic state may have been all but
wiped out in Syria but the US presence
is going nowhere the Pentagon has
announced its training a brand new force
in the north of the country the so
called border security force aims to get
30,000 people in its ranks and about
half will be members of the Syrian
democratic forces the Kurdish led group
already supported on the ground by the
US the Pentagon says it's currently
training 230 fighters well here's how
Washington justified its prolonged stay
in Syria we're gonna stay for several
reasons stabilization and assistance in
the vital north and northeast protection
of our allies the Syrian democratic
forces who have fought so valiantly
against Isis in the northeast try to
work to help transform the political
structures in that area to a model for
the rest of Syria
okay well let's discuss this further now
with RT correspondent you guys you're
done off he's in the studio with us Igor
I mean a big move isn't it this what
will it mean do you think for the
fragile peace in the region well first
and foremost this will mean that the
United States are creating a their own
proxy army in Syria and don't let
yourself be deceived by the name because
they are calling it a border force but
the border does not necessarily mean the
border of Syria the you know the
external border because the the troops
are the idea that by design they're
intended to be stationed at the line
that separates the Kurdish controlled
regions from those controlled by the
Iraq by the Syrian excuse me by the
Syrian army so also worrying for some
experts is Washington's words that this
could be a model for the whole of Syria
because this could mean anything and by
the looks of it this could also mean
dividing syria by sectarian lines I mean
the us being tried in forces hasn't it
for a long time to you in Syria well
totally and America u.s. experience in
training Syrian opposition forces if
anything says don't do it because
they've been trying to train them
they've been sending them weapons which
would end up in jihadists hands and the
defections would also plague the program
because the rebels those rebels
Washington considered moderate would
defect enjoy
join the ranks of ISIL and other
jihadist groups in terms of how
successful that operation that program
was in terms of numbers he's a reminder
can you tell us what the total number of
trained fighters remains it's a small
number and the ones that are in the
fight is is is we're talking four four
or five we're talking four oh five now
they're aiming at thirty thousand mmm
another point here to Turkey is a NATO
ally isn't it but it's it's very much
against this proposal it is of course
Turkey has already said that the
proposal was that it found put the
proposal unacceptable and there's really
Washington should have seen it coming
Turkey and the Kurds are not the bestest
of friends if you know what I mean
I mean the announcement of the operation
itself has come amid some very strong
rhetoric coming from recipe Ratigan the
Turkish president have a listen just
like we do not let separate these terror
organizations open their eyes within our
borders we're determined to vanquish
them on the other side of our border God
willing in the coming days we will
continue the operation to purge our
southern border from terror terrorists
here Aragon of course means the Kurds so
and they're part of the us-led anti-isil
coalition and so it is funny because
Washington says it's a coalition you
know driven effort to create this force
and one of the key allies is not in on
it so what you have here you're
aggravating what if your key one of the
key players in the region you have very
bad experience doing the same very thing
some five years ago and I mean just
creating another force and dividing
Syria by sectarian lines can't mean
anything good for the peace in the
region mmm okay thank you go that was a
RTG Gordana thank you or Turkish
international relations professor who
seen Bagchi says that Washington's move
could ignite a dangerous conflict with
Turkey suddenly Turkey and Bashar Assad
regime has come on interest
if they do not act together the Kurds
with the support of the United of
America will control the entire North
Korea so the Turkish statements
yesterday and today by President and
whether his speaker says the truck is on
the way
to undertake military measures probably
Turkey can do this
I think the Turkish American cooperation
as two NATO partners will have now a new
different dimension where Turkey and
America have totally different interest
so we have a big regional crisis there
and I think it would not lead
necessarily to a war between the United
States of America and Turkey but
definitely a crisis military crisis is
just coming and waiting
