one of Britain's leading girls school
says the sudden stop referring to its
pupils as girls now in our controversial
move to adopt more gender-neutral
language seems Altrincham Grammar School
for Girls defended the policy saying
it's trying to break ingrained habits
here it's got the best intentions it
says to help students with gender
identity issues adding that we welcome
and celebrate diversity although the
moves got people wondering of course how
the girls school should now be described
further to this Altrincham grammar says
it's got no plans to drop the word girls
from its title we are some of the locals
around that what they thought of the new
gender-neutral policy I think the
majority girls would be happier to be
called girls
ridiculous I think girls are girls and
boys are boys there's too many pressures
on pupils too much attempt to move
everything towards gender neutrality I
think it actually leads to more
confusion rather than clarification this
is a girls school and it's extraordinary
that children are being encouraged to go
longer paths we're going to have more
and more children with mental health
problems who are confused and unhappy
by all means support children who have a
gender issue but don't do it at the
expense of the majority do not rob them
of their gender identity we only need to
apply those basic principles of
religions that we treat other people how
we wish to be treated and we solve the
problem we need to stop foisting pushing
adult neuroses onto these young children
