American musician and DJ Moby claims
he's been doing the behind-the-scenes
bidding of auntie Donald Trump figures
in a recent interview he said friends
and contacts within the CIA had asked
him to promote certain ideas online
including the alleged collusion between
the President on Russia and the reason
for that because Mobe has a more
significant presence on social media
I've managed to make a few friends in
the intelligence community so they
passed on some information to me and
they said like look you have a big you
have more of a social media following
than any of us do can you please post
some of these things just in a way to
sort of put it out there from the
mountain South will last February Moby
wrote a lengthy post on Instagram after
what he described as a meeting with
friends from Washington DC in it he says
it's safe to say from was being
blackmailed by the Russians that's a
quote he also called the u.s. leader an
incompetent president and controlled by
foreign governments Brian Crabtree is
the publisher of talk for tea calm on a
political talk show host as well and
joins us live in the program hello to
you Brian what was your initial reaction
to this claim by Moby that the CIA had
asked him to make those anti-trump posts
well either he's lying and you know and
a lot of times our political left in
this country of which mobis part of lies
and makes up false equivalencies or
people that don't exist or sources say
in terms of our fake media in this
country some of our fake media or even
worse there's people in the CIA who are
supposed to be serving the intelligence
community who are going to the liberal
entertainment community and asking them
to get out a message then they don't
want to give to the American people from
the intelligence community I think
either way it's a very distorted
discourse in America it's been of a
bizarre situation this is that just look
at reading through how this transpired
over the past year why would Moe be now
reveal this you know at the very least
it's but as so-called friends
at the CIA in an embarrassing position
doesn't it well if you look at the past
week we've migrated somewhat from
Russian collusion to trump has dementia
and when Trump was accused of having
dementia he then had a meeting that
resembled Celebrity Apprentice with
senators from both sides and it was
anything but a demented guy and so that
failed fairly quickly after the Michael
Wolfe book and I think they're trying to
gin up the Russian collusion nonsense
and the American people aren't buying it
and the reason the American people
aren't buying it is I want to know where
the call that I received the other day
that came from our Internal Revenue
Service that was obviously an Indian
outside of this country pretending to be
an American employee - fraud - fraud me
out of money that's what we care about
and the and the media doesn't seem to
get that in this country that the
majority of Americans don't care about
some story that's now a year and a half
old of Russian collusion that doesn't
affect or affect our lives if it's even
true and we can debate that later we
care about what's happening happening to
us so we have this detachment between
our media and their agenda which is to
finally at some point prove themselves
right about this president we've elected
in that he's some sort of communist or
something and it's not gonna happen
because we care about things that really
matter it's believed that just on this
Brian that the CIA actually dips into
Hollywood now and again editing the
scripts of popular movies we've heard
like Argo and zero dark thirty it's not
necessary for them to do that it's not
their job no it's not even it's not
necessary and it's not appropriate in
fact if if directors of the CIA were to
discover such type of outreach and
behavior unless it's at their direction
they should be fired whoever's doing it
should be fired their jobs not to reach
out to Hollywood liberals to try to
undermine in a gross display of
insubordination their boss the President
of the United States whether it's Barack
Obama or now President Donald Trump it's
insubordination it's theft I don't think
it's espionage unless they're leaking
classified data for that purpose but it
certainly undermines their role well
it's one of the stranger stories of the
week this say this movie thing isn't it
Brian Crabtree publisher of talk for
t.com on political talk show host thank
you for your time this hour
