there's been more violence than the
Tunisian capital trouble continues
they're into this weekend hundreds of
people took part in an anti-government
rally last night Friday and rest has
been escalating in Tunis of late since
new austerity measures were announced at
the start of the year
you may just notice though some of those
shots some of those guys in that
demonstration holding yellow cards
calling for the tough policies to be
scrapped
over the past week protesters have set
dozens of government buildings on fire
that's prompted authorities in turn to
deploy soldiers onto the streets to
counter it at least one demonstrators
been killed almost 800 have been
arrested Tunisia incidentally marks the
seventh anniversary of that big
pro-democracy Arab Spring uprising this
weekend
