snapshot of life in Germany it's
literally just happening the last couple
of minutes we didn't show it she lied
she didn't know what was going to happen
but we were half keeping an eye on these
shots this is Berlin literally the last
couple of minutes this is a bomb
disposal guy has gone up to this
abandoned suitcase we've been keeping an
eye on it for about an hour just to see
what would happen but ten minutes before
they seem to take a photo of it but look
how this is a guy doing his everyday job
to try and keep people safe this is the
center of Berlin today outside a big
railway station we couldn't take our
eyes off this look at the bravery of
this guy doing his everyday job goes up
to that case carefully so carefully
tries to take a picture of it this goes
on for a couple of minutes we can't show
you at all we can't actually show you
the moment I'd only give it away when he
does open the case but it's just to give
an idea of what people do to keep his
save of course Berlin that awful
Christmas attack that desert terrorist
attack back in December 2016 everyone
high alert but look he's tackling this
case I can tell you it ended okay he is
safe it was just a case that some
happens to leave there and caused all
that confusion should we say today but a
brave guy we thought we'd leave him with
that shot good luck to him
