German children's TV channels caused
controversy by airing a documentary
about the relationship between one
Syrian guy and his German girlfriend
critics say it fails to challenge the
repression of women you mean your
judgments coming up stuff okay I cannot
wear short things always long things I
cannot accept my wife looking like this
this is very difficult for me and for
Arab men in general I do not like other
guys talking to my girlfriend she
belongs to me I belong to her those are
my rules
we can't eat pork
this is forbidden it's what's written in
the Quran it's not okay to eat it pork
is not normal meat and so I asked do I
really have to eat pork too well since
we will have to live together I stopped
eating it one concerned parent who
describes herself as a qualified
psychologist has written an open letter
now calling the program an attack on the
emancipation of women she says the
channels portraying a repressive
relationship in a positive light
we got reaction from two guests with
opposing views on the program I'm not
sure that that's the role of a publicly
funded agency or a media outlet if a
private company or a cultural center
wanted to do it sure but the idea of
German taxpayers paying for for this
kind of sort of fake romance I think
it's really disturbing I don't think
it's the role of the government or a
government agency to to work the
children against continuing the values
and cultures of their parents this is
not really about the ages of those
people it's not really about freedom of
expression or journalism this is
actually about saying look at these
weird Muslims and brown people with
their funny views and pushing it onto
white impressionable and vulnerable
young people in society these are real
stories and I think the most important
thing of all is it's important that we
empower young people with good advice
intolerance extremism is out there I
don't even know if this is a real
romance this is about a story a channel
what is it what are the ages for these
for this channel 3 to 13 topically fun
to channel right so
seven and eight-year-olds who are
watching this romantic thing I'm not
even sure that was appropriate okay
and so let's start there and then the
idea that the idea that parents would be
subverted by their own government that's
absurd
let's I'm whole if you want a cigar get
a sense of things Ram really sensor sir
when it's the government and it's
taxpayer money that's not censorship
okay if it way if you want to do it
privately with your own dime god bless
go for it but if you're using taxpayer
money
why are you subverting the intention of
the parents and the pet and the
taxpayers that's the problem
how are you speaking for this I'm really
sorry about this but just from a you
know presumably in a court of law they
would say how on earth are you
advocating as to the intention of the
parents of viewers I mean where are you
getting off doing this stuff I think you
need to get back in your box you really
are in no position to be able to say
what the intention of my work so what
does that earn you know what that means
what I'm saying is this okay that it is
my it is my guess that German parents
want to see their culture and their
values and their family legacies
continue okay he's my guess he's my true
is my kamila Nehru in Russia this than
true in the United States
