now Sweden has been blocked from
deporting a Moroccan asylum seeker
thought to be a potential terrorist by
security services the man appealed to
the European Court of Justice after
Swedish intelligence decided he was a
threat to national security recommended
deportation but the court ruled that the
man's extradition would violate the
European human rights convention because
he could face torture in his home
country fact there was a similar case in
Germany if he days ago
the country's High Court prevented a
Turkish man there who'd been convicted
of supporting Islamic extremists from
being sent to Turkey again because it
was thought his human rights would be
violated if he returned his some of the
reaction we've been hearing the issue
primarily is about the European Court of
Justice EU organ which is countermanding
the desire of the Swedish state to
remove an unwelcome alien and a
threatening alien and a security risk
alien from their own country and yet the
European Court of Justice says that
machine dividual rights Trump the state
the rights of the state to protect his
own people we've got to be aware that
there is a due process of law that
should be conducted and if anybody's
involved in preparing terrorism and
supporting it or increasing it then the
due process should take its cost the
European Court of Human Rights have a
passer judgment which is that he cannot
be deported but it hasn't said that the
state of Sweden cannot take action
against this individual to lock him up
if he poses a threat to the security of
that country he wasn't born in Sweden
he's come as a guest to Sweden and the
Swedish have looked at him and they've
said this man is a security risk to our
society he needs to go back home now why
the yoomi disagree with that decision or
not we've got to respect the right of
those institutions to make those
decisions and I go back to the central
point if these people are involved in
terrorism then what these what the
countries should be doing is taking
criminal action against those
individuals I'm putting them away behind
bars what should they do that the bloke
cause as a guest he's a guest in Sweden
he's clearly a now an unwelcome guest
because they feel he's a threat to their
society they were right to chuck him out
send it back home that's what they're
gonna do I advise the Swedish government
would be ignore the European Court of
Justice they're talking trollop I send
the bloke Lecter back to Morocco anyway
that's where he needs to go he's a
threat to their society quite clearly
they've investigated it no threat to us
Hardy back he goes and he'll have to
take his take his chance back in Morocco
I just think due process is very very
important when we live in a democratic
society where we have to understand and
respect that process and if the
judiciary is making a decision we have
to abide by it
