Washington Post is under fire after one
of its bureau chiefs in the Middle East
posted a tweet
apparently praising a journalist from
free syrian TV questions were raised
over the reporters possible links to Al
nusra front terrorists as you go she
done off reports everybody needs a hero
even beacons of independent journalism
like the Washington Post and what better
candidate than a man doing his job
despite the constant threat of bombs
this Syrian journalist standing in an
open field while bombs explode all
around him is very lucky to be alive not
flood jacket or helmet you can barely
hear him above the explosions he and his
colleagues are very brave a professional
for all of us journalists to look up to
right wrong this book may have a pretty
cover but it's the gripping content
that's of most interest this man in the
video is to hear al Ahmar and possibly
the best way to understand him is this
sweet Shiite militia turned into minced
meat 60 people killed in an isil suicide
attack some respect for the dead maybe
no now I'm satisfied he writes the
definition of bloodlust if you ask me in
this picture
illumise old smiles and handshakes with
a Saudi cleric a jihadi role model here
abdullah al mo Hasini is sitting down
against the backdrop of terrorist flags
here's the one of ISIL and here's
nostris as he worked as a mediator
trying to reconcile the groups back in
2014 he set up and ran a training camp
for child soldiers in Syria and has
reportedly made repeated calls for
sectarian genocide no wonder he's on the
US security blacklist Marie Cini is far
from the only terrorist Alomar has
rubbed shoulders with min kulli belt
that naar de Salma Herrera national
embarrassment Optus Jindal AXA the group
has embedded within this video joong-dal
AXA is internationally designated as
terrorist born as a branch of an
al-qaeda affiliate later they swapped
sides figuring ISIL flavored terror
was more to their liking when I reached
out to the Washington Post's Beirut
bureau chief about her tweet she
disputed the fact that she ever gave
praise to the man or his so-called
journalism I dispute that I gave praise
to the journalist or his journalism I
pointed out that standing up in the
field and continuing to talk while
explosions are going off all around you
he's brave she's still admires his
bravery though they may sue media has a
history of becoming enchanted by jihadi
affiliated wannabe reporters
take bilal abdul kareem the storyteller
when it came to the battle for aleppo
this might be close to if not the last
communication people are executed it's
as simple as that what can I do here and
see you blend in the crowd I don't think
so am I gonna turn myself over to the
regime forces huh absolutely not
so what that he's giving a platform to a
suicide bomber right at least he's
taking all the right boxes they say you
have to protect human rights and they
support the Terrorism so how on earth I
support human rights and I support
terrorism that's that's the bottom line
of it
they are Hippocratic they they have
double standards
if this happens in the US mainland would
they accept terrorists to be available
terrorist organizations and to say they
they have good cause of course not
the mainstream media has a habit of
putting itself on a journalistic
pedestal getting the facts right giving
balance and using trusted sources but
those standards appear to be selective
and only if the story fits the cover
gosh darn of RT
