Russia's foreign minister concluded his
participation at the UN General Assembly
on Friday with a blistering attack on
Western foreign policy Sergey Lavrov
condemned what he called a parochial
self-serving ambitions of a small group
of countries and said those states are
undermining the organization and its
principles Sergey Lavrov saved all he
and Russia had to say to the rest of the
world for his final day in New York the
foreign minister kept himself within the
boundaries of diplomatic language
however his criticism and told war stron
enough number of Western states are
seeking to preserve their
self-proclaimed status of global leaders
and prevent a natural transition to a
multipolar world order to that end they
spare no means including political
blackmail economic pressure and brute
force such activities lead to
devaluation of international law the
international community has paid dearly
for the self-serving ambitions of these
countries diplomacy a culture of
negotiation and compromise have been
replaced by unilateral restrictions that
lack UN Security Council approval such
actions are not just illegal but also
just ineffective I like that long
serious statement the press conference
where Sergey Lavrov covered the same
global issues happened to be an event
where the audience had a giggle a few
times so there's a policy new policy now
of land expropriation in South Africa
that the that they are implementing as
the parliamentary process people could
lose their farms without compensation
and this talk that Russia is trying to
take the gap if you will and Leo some of
those disgruntled no no no this time we
are busy with meddling with Catalonia
elections
no time for this you know it's too far
too far but with you are saying
stabilize Yemen Iraq Syria and deter
Iran it seems as if to bring peace to
these countries you have to completely
eradicate Iranian influence there how
realistic is this it's not for me to
judge but it seems to me you can't lock
a country with such history civilization
and people inside its borders like in a
cage saying you cannot be realistic and
expecting them to stay within their own
borders why would you support such
expansionism and they're particularly
the United States as you know during
this that's cause that's how fake news
is born this is what you just said you
just said no Iran can't I I said you
cannot limit Iran I mean you cannot put
Iran and its own borders and prevent
Iran to exert influence outside its
borders like Saudi Arabia exerts its
influence like Carter exerts its
influence that's what I said well the
most awaited speaker in this building
and also at the UN Security Council was
still President Trump this year his pick
for the planets greatest evil was Iran
but the rest of the world didn't fall
for it and even America's allies in
Europe didn't Sergey Lavrov pointed that
out once again and said that Moscow will
continue working with China and --use
major players to do everything to
preserve the so-called Iran nuclear
agreement when I spoke to the person in
charge of dealing with the media at the
Russian Foreign Ministry she couldn't
help talking about how it only took
president Trump 12 months to make a
complete u-turn when it comes to his
stake on little Rocketman Kim according
to Marie is a Harvard there's still
loads of room for improvement for the US
administration for many years North
Korea was an evil and this country the
the leaders of this country in the
country itself and the people of this
country was mentioned as the world's
hugest problem and an evil was the world
which was used to describe the country
and now yeah and now I think you heard
how mr. Trump thinks several times North
Korea so what happened to this situation
I not North Korea has changed nothing
like that happened but United States
changed their position then their policy
toward North Korea probably they they
can use the similar approach to Iran and
the things will go better yeah who knows
what kind of twists and turns another
year will bring about Amelia vitrenko
in New York we asked former American
diplomat Jim Jefferies what he thought
about the remarks from russia's Foreign
Minister they noticed that mr. Lavrov
tends to be very diplomatic very polite
very gentlemanly in his expression but I
did notice a certain level of impatience
today that he I think his patience has
been tried one time too many yes we are
talking about whether or not we will we
will continue down to this road of the
United States seeking in a very sterile
way in destructive way to hold on to
this notion of global hegemony or
whether there will be a peaceful and
national natural transition two or more
multipolar world so far we don't see the
people making policy in Washington
willing to make that transition and I
think that is something extremely
dangerous and I think maybe that partly
accounts for mr. lavrov's sense of
impatience
you
