hello I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report perpetual motion machines you've
heard about it we've read about it we've
tried to create one when you were a
sixth-grade probably do they exist I
don't know maybe let's talk to Stacy Max
Keiser well it's a mad mad world out
there everybody's getting on the chain
the block chain they're issuing their
own coins we've seen Kodak coin we see
the Long Island iced tea we're going to
have a blockchain their shares went up
everybody's getting in on that and
everybody's talking about that craziness
but you know this is the entire world is
crazy because mad markets SP has already
surpassed year-end price targets with
only eight days into 2018 here's a chart
this little lion dotted line down here
was where the markets started the year
and this line here is where most
analysts predicted the S&P 500 would be
at the end of the year but it already
hit that within eight days the markets
are mad well you know if the cost of
money is zero then Marcus can go to
infinity that's the way it works now I
hear there's a rumor out there that the
Chinese are gonna stop buying US
Treasury debt that's been our rumor for
hundreds of years not hundreds of years
but it's been a rumor for at least ten
years yeah and of course there is the
understanding that China and America
have a symbiotic relationship where
China sends over all the cheap goods and
they buy all the bonds and this goes on
in perpetuity but you know there's a lot
of tension now between these two
superpowers and China has in fact
curtail their bond purchases which would
mean that the costs of money goes up
because a bond market goes down interest
rates go up despite what the Federal
Reserve Bank does they can only control
the very shortest term on the yield
curve they can't really control the
middle or the long term so if China
dumps US Treasury bonds and interest
rates start going up then there is
something called
cost for money for the first time in ten
years so Apple would not buy back its
own stock it would be too costly yeah
we're gonna get into Apple buying back
its own stock in these next headlines
but first I want to talk about the fact
that there's Switzerland we need to talk
about Switzerland this is a little small
country and and and I'm going to compare
it to the fact that here I mentioned at
the top of the show
Kodak coin Kodak coin is a hundred and
something year old company it used to
produce you know film for for video and
for like you take the little snapshot on
your vacations and you would take the
little roll of Kodak film to your you
know the print shop and have it printed
a few weeks later now their shares have
soared over doubling after they
announced they're going to come out with
their own cryptocurrency so in a market
right now it seems first mover to
announce that there are blockchain or
they have a crypto coin is soaring
they're benefiting from it it shows that
people have an appetite for investment
in anything related to crypto now
Switzerland you and I have talked about
them since 2008 since the financial
crisis when they basically their
currency the Swiss franc is treated kind
of as a commodity
everybody pours into it during bad times
they're the value of their their crip
their coin there coined their currency
the Swiss the Swiss franc soars so
remember we've discussed the fact that
they started printing Swiss francs and
buying shares in companies around the
world we said this was insane but they
were the first mover their small country
and they could do this and they have
benefited big-time as the first mover to
go full insane
well Switzerland central bank made fifty
five billion dollars last year more than
apples profits Switzerland got a lot
wealthier in 2017 thanks to its central
bank's emergence as a major money
manager with a near eight hundred
billion dollar portfolio of foreign
stocks and bonds so they announced that
had 54 billion Swiss francs and profit
which is about 55 billion dollars they
just print the money a body shares in
these international companies and they
made more than Apple
so Apple has to actually go through the
whole process of hiring engineers and
technicians and designers and producing
phones and coming out with phones and
doing all this stuff but here is the
Swiss National Bank could be a more
powerful than Apple just printing up
money and yeah but it's a repudiation of
the entire concept of a central bank the
central bank is supposed to be there at
the lender of last resort to provide
liquidity in case there's a credit
freeze the fact that you have central
banks becoming the buyer of first order
and that they're printing money to buy
stocks it's a complete inversion of what
their role is supposed to be in the
economy and they become a giant hedge
fund and they again are utilizing
maximizing or benefiting from the fact
that their costs of printing their
wampum they're funny money their fiat
nonsense is zero and they're buying real
assets with those ear with that zero
cost money and that is a Nirvana like
situation that is not going to last
forever because there's going to be
geopolitical tensions whether it's China
blowing up and saying you know we're not
gonna buy US Treasuries anymore interest
rates cannot remain at zero yeah again
first of all I'm saying that Kodak coin
for example Kodak is not something that
you and I being having been in the
Bitcoin industry for the past seven
eight years when it was only $2 a coin
you wouldn't have thought of codec as a
thought leader or innovator in the
crypto space and yet they were the first
mover they're one of the first publicly
listed movers into the space and they've
benefited the Swiss National Bank in a
market of other global central banks saw
those bigger central banks the US
Federal Reserve the Bank of Japan the
European Central Bank going crazy
lowering interest rates driving costs
down and they as a smaller country a
little tiny entity of just a few million
people compared to three hundred and
something million people under the ECB
300 million people under the US Federal
Reserve went
got a first mover advantage whether or
not the US central bank whether or not
the European Central Bank will be able
to buy shares and Apple as Swiss the
Swiss National Bank has done Swiss
National Bank owes millions of dollars
worth the shares of Apple by the way
that's part of their portfolio so
whether or not the US government could
do that without causing hyperinflation I
don't think that they could do it like
the Swiss National Bank has done and all
of these mad markets whether it's Kodak
coin or the sp500 already hitting
year-end estimates in the first eight
days you know this could be the sort of
spiral the vortex the craziness that you
know these eight years ago or nine years
ago was set in ten years ago back in
2008 when these central banks started
going and saying is this is finally
they're finally getting the inflation
that they want but I don't know whether
or not it'll be out of control well you
do have some pressure on the US dollar
world reserve currency it's trending
down if you see that break 90 on the
index you know then you're gonna have a
freefall which would be a catastrophic
event but look the Swiss National Bank
you know you have to compare them to
let's say Nestle Corporation Nestle
Corporation will buy a reservoir of
water public utility of water from the
public domain for nothing and then
they'll sell it in bottles for a markup
and they'll claim their business genius
men even though they're basically just
stole of the public's utility the
public's common good okay the public is
like deranged by it
the public is also now like clamoring to
get raw water from a company in
California raw water means it's not
treat at all they go like this and take
it out of the river and give it to you
there are all sorts of bugs and viruses
and bacteria in their water people want
authentic disease an organic authentic
disease instead of virtual cyber
diseases yes the mind they want they're
actually they want to have authentic
gastrointestinal problems that are real
you know the fact that the New York
Times even covered this story of people
buying raw water for like $20 a gallon
sent people clamoring to get their hands
any supply left so now it's like $60 a
gallon people want it even though the
New York Times then look at these
imbeciles who are buying raw water and
everybody's like I want to be the
biggest imbecile of all so you know
there's always a bigger fool at the
table apparently but speaking of crazy
and this is something you kind of
predicted a long time ago and speaking
of you know Swiss National Bank earns
more profit than Apple well Apple to
take 25% stake in Apple incorporated
Apple could buy back 25% of its stock
over the next three years as it brings
home foreign cash according to a new
analysis from UBS analyst Stephen
Milanovic he reports this to Barons that
buying is likely to provide support for
shares as iPhone unit growth slows and
services and other businesses play a
more important role so yeah well yeah I
mean they're buying back their own stock
but they've got that 250 billion or so
overseas that should have been taxed as
income at some point but instead was not
taxed at all now they're getting a
sweetheart deal for the Trump
administration and bring that money back
they're gonna use it to is it gonna
create infrastructure create factories
create jobs no they're gonna buy back
their own stock so enriching
shareholders and insiders and executives
and again a massive Ponzi scheme called
Apple Computer
Apple Computer is a Ponzi scheme
Berkshire Hathaway one of their biggest
shareholders that's a Ponzi scheme the
stock market's a Ponzi scheme the bond
market is certainly a Ponzi scheme the
US dollar is the mother of all Ponzi
schemes Bitcoin is the only thing that's
not a Ponzi scheme again so the tax cuts
makes it more advantageous to book these
profits over here and the United States
bring this 256 billion dollars from
overseas to here but they're also
predicting in this report and Barron's
about Apple buying 25 percent of his
company so it's gonna be like 25 percent
shareholder they're gonna be the most
companies are taking themselves private
yes that's taking themselves partially
private yeah if you give these
corporations free money to buy back
their own stock at no cost if you allow
Jeff Bezos to buy Whole Foods without
any cost to him whatsoever it's
accretive it goes on to the bottom line
the day one it's zero cost he's just
grabbing up the
that's what I'm saying like Swiss
National Bank has zero cost to print
Swiss francs because especially there's
no longer the world it's no longer put
on Brutalism here they're saying that
Apple's gonna spend an additional 173
billion on top of the already you know
several billion that they were doing on
share buybacks so most of its gonna be
front loaded into this year basically
they're doing like Browns bottom Gordon
Brown when he sold all the UK's gold
announced it to the world we're gonna
sell all our gold drove the price down
got the guaranteed lowest price for the
United Kingdom here Apple is
guaranteeing the highest price ever paid
for Apple to buy these hundred and
seventy three billion dollars worth of
shares they're saying there that this is
gonna be front loaded into 2018 most of
the share buying will happen this year
and those of us who are not
participating in this Ponzi scheme
called central bank Apple Computer
Warren Buffett trifecta of fraud are
going to be put out on to the surf slave
surfing on the ups and downs of the
stock market of their manipulation of
their fake money and their fake cool
idea just go surfing on the ocean of
free money as it comes crashing in on
the shore alright more coming your way
after the break don't go away
welcome back to the cars report I'm Max
Keiser time now to visit with Adela -
lon she's a FinTech lawyer and an OG
cypher Punk oh my god this is gonna be
cool
Adela welcome hi thank you tell us about
your background what led you to Bitcoin
well I first learned about Bitcoin in
2001 I know so I was working in the gold
industry in 2001 we founded this company
and actually I ran an online gold backed
payment system and built them as well
and we did a bit white labeling and
whatnot so it was first then that I sort
of got introduced into the world of like
the possibility of a not centralized
currency an alternative to what we had
going on you know centralized actors so
the cypherpunk label goes back to this
period of time in other words obviously
Bitcoin the white paper was in 2008
right are you saying it the history of
it goes back years before that in terms
of looking at decentralized ways to
create value to send value and different
companies have been trying to do that
for a while and you and your background
goes all the way back into that early
early days yeah yeah actually I worked
with some people that had formerly
worked at eagled and eagled was probably
the first Clarence in settlement system
of micropayments
and so that's that's that's that's the
whole beginning of Bitcoin I think
that's when the conversation really
started to materialize into software
right and you were already in legal
business law oh not at all not at all I
was in a business of building things and
you know and working with teams to to
build these systems out to build up
build out these protocols so you've
always ran into technology yes okay and
then the law came what got you into the
law side of things the legal side that's
actually really interesting because you
know we reached a point post 9/11 where
people were going to jail and starting
to see really you know crazy things like
I
sync our conversations are being
monitored we started to see the closure
of bank accounts with bank accounts that
we previously banks that we approve
ously worked with and so as we say like
was getting real right not sure if I can
see that but it was it was getting real
and I saw wow I love technology I love
to build stuff I love this ecosystem I
love the idea of having an alternative
to to a centralized Authority having a
monopoly over how and when we can move
value and so I thought I need to
understand the the regulations behind
all of this I can't know a couple of
prominent you were in the gold space
yeah and we had a couple of prominent
people in the gold space like a Peter
Schiff for example or a Jim Rickards for
example folks and they don't seem to
really understand Bitcoin or they're
anti Bitcoin or they're bitcoin skeptics
so you know you're somebody's been in
the business for a while you're in the
legal space you what are they getting
wrong Wow I mean do you want to be here
cause hey I look I'm gonna take it back
to something that I used and that I see
in my in my in you know in practice all
the time and it's that we're dealing
with regulators for years and back in
2014 2014 I thought 2013 2014 okay these
guys have a long time to figure this out
this is new it's exciting the value
propositions obviously they're you know
in the form of a white paper we started
seeing the BTM companies coming out so
the regulators really do have time to
figure it out but it's 2018 and we're
still not really far ahead from where we
were in 2013 I think it's the same of
these guys I think there's a lot of
intellectual laziness going on and I
know a lot of them are super super
prominent you know intelligent coming
from those guys is that they're skeptic
so they have arguments but they're not
the arguments that one would think one
would use against Bitcoin because there
are some arguments that can be made
against Bitcoin but they never used
those arguments there is kind of
hackneyed ideas about tulip bulbs and
things like this but let me move on for
a second here so let me get you taken a
perennial question that folks have which
is the means of exchange versus store a
value question you know the white paper
is called digital cache essentially a
digital payment system digital cache so
Bitcoin started off really as a medium
of exchange and it wasn't until the last
couple of years or so that actually this
idea of a store of value took off and
people started buying it as a store of
value and of course the fees have made
the medium of exchange argument
problematic and you've got Bitcoin cash
coming around saying hey you know we've
got a solution to this how do you weigh
in on that debate well yeah that's
that's actually a big one because we
need both things for a currency to
actually be successful you know it needs
to be a store of value and it needs to
be we need to be able to transact in it
easily and we're seeing problems on the
second part of that I think Bitcoin has
turned into like a sort of Hodel tourism
destination so it's it's kind of like
the the maximalist idea of holding on to
every single Bitcoin that you have and
never ever transacting in it and that's
become very very popular especially in
the sort of like underbelly of the space
and on the other side of that we're
seeing a lot of tourism so I have people
writing me daily in my inbox I've been
posting about this forever
from jump like you I've been talking
about it forever posting articles and
people are now writing me emails like
hey how can I buy stock in the bitcoins
how can I get rich online with Bitcoin
so I think you know one of the problems
is is adoption we're getting there we're
getting to adoption another huge problem
with that is understanding and again
people taking the time not taking the
time to really understand what it is
let's talk about real attack vectors
okay because now that bitcoin Jamie
Dimon was a skeptic now he's saying I
regret having called it a fraud he's
done a maiya culpa essentially but the
central banks of the world the big banks
of the world governments are starting to
get nervous that maybe their ability to
tax is gonna be diminish
because if everyone's in the crypto
space and there's no way to track them
down that's going to be a problem for
their coffers you know so the
government's this is now in their radar
some governments are taking it on board
like Venezuela is trying to crypto
Russia is looking at crypto and these
are countries that have been kind of
manipulated by the US dollar and its
status that's world reserve currency and
it's backed by the Pentagon really and
so they've got a whole new geopolitical
element you're in the legal aspect of
this what do you see as a genuine it's
called an attack vector
or an or vulnerability or problem of
Bitcoin going forward oh my god it's a
real-world application
the banks are I would say the hugest
problem right now just in use every
single day use case and the problem is
that the problem is where you know the
where do the banks stop and the
regulator's start and so I think by by
extension banks have acted out and they
are refusing all the major Bitcoin
companies bank accounts so there's a bit
of a system D under that so the long
ramp is choked because the Fiat the
crypto conversion is controlled still by
the bank absolutely and you're saying
the what not reg D but you said system B
system D yeah that's a French term it is
yeah which means kind of chaos making
chaos yeah it's also an economics term
where people sort of transact and find
ways around the status school what does
the French who are that comes from this
system
Dave Dave who yes Gary or something
something like that yeah all right so
it's a let me having lived in France for
a while this is if somebody says well
how are you gonna do that and it's a
common you know colloquialism to say
system D just means I just fuss fuss
around and get it through it to
something somewhere so this is what the
the principle guiding bitcoiners through
the bank block a this is to just wing it
uh.well to wing it I've seen I've heard
that you know some people
probably misrepresent what the account
is being used for of course you know
auditors figure out you know Bitcoin is
involved through you know wires to the
registered exchanges coinbase etc
Cumberland who which is a proprietary
trading firm they track it down then
they shut them down to give them a
couple of these sometimes if they're
nice or they just get shut down
overnight and so there's a lot of
banking tourism that's going on right
now people just stop moving from bank to
bank seeking a more hospitable situation
and what I have seen a lot of is you
know companies having up to ten you know
even more than that bank accounts right
so you've got a portfolio of bank
accounts and you're trying to cover your
basis you know different countries are
vying to become quote Bitcoin
Switzerland they want to be they see
this as a competitive edge they want the
business they want the technologists
they want to be leaders in this field
what countries are leading this remember
Isle of Man was considered to be a
forefront or a forerunner in this as
Switzerland itself is looking like it's
an attractive space what countries now
are kind of in the good position to be
leading the charge we do a lot of
jurisdiction dropping and we you know
we've seen a lot of good things out of
Switzerland but it's becoming a little
overplayed I know for example one of the
companies one of the major exchanges
right now is having a problem right now
because the Swiss want them to register
as some sort of you know not a financial
institution but kind of a financial
institution and to do kyc over amounts
of $5,000 so what I'm seeing is a shift
right now to the Eastern Caribbean okay
and I think the regulators so far have
been very receptive they've learned are
hardly they learned a hard lesson this
would be never thank you Dominica
Dominica yes so they also have the
ability for people to buy in citizenship
from these places yeah in the Caribbean
for a couple hundred thousand bucks you
can buy a passport
you see them now or it's becoming
leaders in the script of space as well I
hope so I would love to see that I want
to see more interaction with you know
with the crypto companies and the
regulator's cuz the regulator's are
asking questions there's a think tap
think tank down there that I do some
work with that I've you know done some
papers for they're asking the questions
I and I would love to see that that
that's space from dominated by that area
those change gears for a second here so
I SEOs initial coin offerings 2017 we
saw billions of dollars raised by
hundreds of ICS the summer during the
some of the SEC said most of these ICS
or securities of course that you know
they they have to make that distinction
what's happening in the IC o---- market
I believe you represent IC o----
companies and your your your doing so
from a legal perspective what's
happening in this IC o---- space where
is that going forward so my firm we do a
sort of soup to nuts type thing you know
from the very beginning we often deal
with issues on the backend you know so
that it represents what happens on the
front end right because there's a lot of
issues with that you know they're
they're a lot of different types of
products being offered through these I
cos I think you know my feeling on it
it's like do you really need to raise
150 million dollars in two minutes so
far the hard cap probably not do you see
growth in that area yeah yeah there's
there's immense growth in 2018 to see
another making another big growth area
absolutely but I also see the SEC gonna
coming down on it a lot harder than they
have and also they are looking at these
tokens to see whether it is a you know a
purely utility token our candy crush
coin or a security right yeah okay
thanks for being on the cars report
thank you so much for having me
alright well that's gonna do it for this
edition of the Kaiser report with me max
Kaiser and Stacy Herbert like I think
our guest Adela too long if you want to
reach us on twitter it's Kaiser report
until next time
oh yeah
