the Trump administration has opted to
extend sanctions relief for a run for
another 120 days a decision that will
Fernau prevent the landmark 2015 nuclear
deal from falling through in 2015
the Obama administration foolishly
traded away strong multilateral
sanctions to get his weak nuclear deal
despite my strong inclination I have not
yet withdrawn the United States from the
Iran nuclear deal instead I have
outlined two possible paths forward
either fix the deals disastrous flaws or
the United States will withdraw even
though Trump has repeatedly vowed to
tear up the Iran deal he has decided to
keep the deal intact extending sanctions
relief but also warning that this will
be the last time until the deal is
strengthened but sanctions will be added
on Iranian entities for their alleged
support of terrorist groups now this
comes after his national security
advisers and other signatories have all
urged him to comply with the agreement
and the EU has been urging Washington to
stick to it for months and just
yesterday top.you diplomats met with the
Iranian Foreign Minister in Brussels to
reaffirm their support for the deal
values the jcpoa the nuclear deal with
Iran the deal is working we want to
protect the jcpoa worldwide support for
this deal is crucial for the security of
the region but also for the security of
Europe well the agreement was signed in
2015 it was hailed as a breakthrough in
us-iran relations as it ended
international concern over Iran's
nuclear program and it's often described
as Obama's signature foreign policy
achievement but Trump has always accused
the country of violating the quote
spirit of the deal which actually means
Iran hasn't actually violated the deal
and this is deliberately deceptive
Washington is fully aware that the IAEA
other signatories and even Trump's own
officials said that Iran is in full
compliance with the deal now at the last
deadline at trumped wave sanctions but
decertified Iran's compliance with the
deal which is completely unrelated to
all of this a it's not part of the deal
and B Iran's ballistic missiles already
been capable of carrying nuclear
warheads but regardless Trump has always
hated the
he's previously threatened unilateral
action to end the deal and his even
attack diplomats who negotiated it one
of the worst deals I've ever seen the
disastrous deal with Iran one of the
dumbest deals are one of the weakest
contracts the people that negotiated
that deal namely Kerry and his friends
are incompetent one of the worst deals
ever negotiated but perhaps Trump
realized that ending the deal wouldn't
have been wise considering that it would
have led to massive backlash from the
international community now we'll just
have to wait and see if Congress and US
allies will agree to Trump's demands the
Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif has
called Trump's decision an attempt to
undermine the nuclear deal Trump's
policy and today's announcement amounts
a desperate attempts to undermine a
solid multilateral agreement jcpoa is
not renegotiating tired rhetoric the US
must bring itself into full compliance
just like Iran ya lost him all over on
this we got reaction to Washington's
move from political scientists Magadh
buttress and also convey off rossabi a
former adviser to Iran's nuclear
negotiation team he keeps saying that
well this is my last time but actually I
wouldn't expect for a second that he can
pull out from this multilateral deal
because all his partners oppose this
what happens is the the other parties
involved in the multilateral agreement
will cut a new deal with Iran and
continue on with it and just ignore the
u.s. the US will start bluffing all the
way my hunch is that you know this is a
president that makes ad hoc decisions
and you have to go one day at a time
and you know don't place too much bet on
in his ultimatum today because this deal
serves users national interests as
confirmed by defense secretary Marcus
and Rachel erson and others
