snooping powers have been renewed by the
US House of Representatives for the FBI
and President Trump making it easier
essentially for the intelligence
community to monitor communication and
the amendment to the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act has
received some unexpected support wolf
more analyst I'm joined live by caleb -
on the program caleb just talk us
through what all this actually means
especially for ordinary americans and
what was the rationale as well of those
in the House of Representatives who
backed it now the Congress was debating
the reauthorization of the FISA law and
essentially donald trump was proposing
an amendment to the law that would
require the FBI to get a warrant require
the FBI to get a warrant before getting
access to recordings and surveillance
done by the National Security Agency the
NSA now Nancy Pelosi and many Democratic
leaders along with many Republicans
spoke in opposition saying that the FISA
law is fine just the way it is let's
take a listen to some of the Democrats
speaking in favor of this law as we
protect and defend the American people
and the Constitution and their rights we
have to have that balance was it Tom it
Benjamin Franklin said if we don't
provide for for privacy security and
freedom we won't have either it's not
right to say there is nothing in this
bill that protects the privacy of the
American people from my experience in
all of this and what weighing the
equities involved that that's the path
that I will take now the bill
essentially you know the the privacy
provisions that were proposed and
supported by Trump are being opposed and
it's interesting that they would want to
give the power to Donald Trump and the
executive branch to wiretap and and
have access to surveillance without
warrants when they have been quite
critical of the Trump administration
describing it as authoritarian and such
let's take a listen to what they've said
about the man they just gave a great
deal of power what we saw yesterday was
the president clearly demonstrating that
he doesn't know right from wrong
true from false his conduct is driven
not by honor decency or national
security but by raw prejudice what the
president did was totally outrageous
totally outrageous now Donald Trump
spoke up on social media regarding the
FISA law and how it may be used and he
said it may have been used with the help
of the discredited and phony dossier too
badly surveil and abuse the Trump
campaign and previous administrations by
previous administrations now when he
said that he immediately ruffled some
feathers that we saw an immediate
response from Adam Schiff of the
Democratic Party saying that trumps
claim that he could have been wire
tapped or surveilled or mistreated due
to this law the FISA law saying that
that's outrageous this is the response
to Trump's tweet this morning as my
colleagues are aware the President
issued a statement via Twitter
suggesting that this authority was used
illegally by the Obama administration to
surveil him of course that is blatantly
untrue so the privacy protections that
Donald Trump was supporting and hoping
to add to the FISA law amendments have
been voted down in the US House of
Representatives forces that are quite
critical of Donald Trump and have have
not really said positive things about
him just gave him power to surveil
people power that he himself did not
want live from New York City kill'em
open this hour explaining the ins and
outs of that first Thank You calleb
