again it's now the sixth consecutive
Friday that Palestinians have come out
in force to protest Donald Trump's
recognition of Jerusalem as Israeli
capital at least three protesters have
been injured in clashes now in Gaza is
the latest we're at local journalist
hend Corey has been reporting why
Palestinians are out raging the Israelis
are throwing tear gas canisters as you
see tear gas were filling the place
everyone everyone was inhale is inhaling
tear gas now there are at least two
injuries we can see the energy right now
as you can see the injuries right in the
leg from the tear gas canisters that
were thrown away now on the Palestinian
protesters the ambulances are here ready
for all the injuries that can be shot so
far there are three injuries teargas
canisters have been thrown and rubber
bullets have been thrown and targeted on
the Palestinian protesters yesterday
there was a Palestinian killed in Gaza
and another one was killed in Nablus
both of them are sixteen-year-old
Palestinians
