the head of the Libyan National Army
says that the country is not yet ready
for democracy there is a un-backed
election scheduled for later this year
but halifa HAFTER believes it won't
change anything Libya is not ready for
democracy the upcoming elections in the
country must bring a solution to the
current bloodshed but if this situation
and the chaos continues after the
election then we will say enough is
enough and take action well after the
death of the longtime leader there
Muammar Gaddafi back in 2011 Libya
plunged into a power vacuum with two
rival governments one in one is based in
Tobruk which you can see here and the is
allied to half task forces and the other
is based in Tripoli and is backed by the
UN and enjoys wide international support
that lack of overall leadership though
has seen Libya suffer years of turmoil
rival factions now militias have been
fighting over territory with the chaos
being blamed for a rise in terrorism and
also a worsening of the migrant crisis
we discussed the prospects for Libya
with the editor of the pan-african news
wire and also a former British
ambassador to Libya it is an open
question whether or not Libya is ready
for what is perceived to be a
multi-party democratic election there's
huge disaffection displacement there at
least three different regimes that are
claiming to be the sole authority within
the country the Libyan people want I
have no reason to doubt that they want
something like a democratic state but
they can only have one if they can
persuade their present leaders to
compromise this was said some six years
ago that this was some type of
Democratic rebellion inside of Libya but
what has actually happened over the last
six years is chaos the Western coalition
dropped ten thousand bombs on Libya that
is the real genocide
that has taken place the alternative
would have been to allow Gaddafi to
commit an act of genocide against his
own people the notion that the previous
government I was going to engage in
atrocities is unsubstantiated the Libya
prior to 2011 was the most prosperous
and affluent country on the African
continent I don't accept at all the
description of Libya under Gaddafi as
the most prosperous country in Africa I
think that's absurd let's bear in mind
apart from the question of prosperity
that Gaddafi was responsible for
shocking atrocities against you don't
