WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has
been granted citizenship by Ecuador
whose London embassy he's been living in
since 2012 after he sought political
asylum and although there is still
widespread suspicious suspicion that the
u.s. wants to extradite him Washington
officials would not be drawn on the
speculation Fodor announced that it's
granting nationality to WikiLeaks
founder Julian Assange does the
president agree or disagree with this
decision by the Ecuadorians I haven't
spoken to him about that we don't
discuss whether we are considering
bringing Julian Assange to the United
States for trial
well the UK and Ecuador have different
ideas over what granting Assange
citizenship could actually achieve
hekkador Ian's officials do you say it
gives him an extra layer of protection
towards finding a solution to let him
leave their embassy but Britain says the
only way to resolve the issue is for
Assange to surrender to face justice
we've been asking some people in Ecuador
what they think it's vital to continue
negotiating the situation is difficult
being incarcerated for several years is
dangerous to health we all know that the
objective behind the trials has nothing
to do with Assange or WikiLeaks there's
a real possibility of extradition to the
US your circus eyes
I think sanch was treated inhumanely
during the entire trial process a
prisoner without a fixed sentence and
with rights to defense so then just to
recap Julian Assange has been holed up
in Ecuador's London Embassy for more
than five years after Swedish
prosecutors began investigating sex
assault allegations against him British
authorities are also after Assange -
after he jumped bail when he went into
hiding at the Embassy and the u.s. has
long been trying to get its hands on the
whistleblower for leaking a vast amount
of classified documents on WikiLeaks
what we discussed the options facing
Assange with the social justice
campaigner jorge bada
he thinks that the political stakes for
Britain outweigh legal concerns the
basis on which the the UK authorities
would arrest him apparently is for
breaking bail conditions for the
charges in terms of the the case in
Sweden that have now been dropped but
absolutely maybe there will be an
extradition attempt and and as various
kind of international bodies have found
when they've looked into it the chance
of Julian Assange getting a free and
fair trial in the u.s. are minimal with
the Robert Miller investigation and the
allegations about collusion between the
Trump campaign and WikiLeaks there's
obviously a a sort of politicization
element potentially around this case
with brexit looming the UK obviously
wants positive treatment from the US as
it leaves Europe and in terms of a
potential trade deal you know so there
are concerns obviously that this will
this will be treated politically rather
than legally
