hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things were considered I'm Peter Lavelle
it's being called an Olympic truce after
months of over-the-top rhetoric the two
careers are talking again the first time
in two years is this a serious
diplomatic opening or merely a ploy
South Korea appears to welcome this
opening does the same apply to
Washington
crosstalking the Koreas I'm joined by my
guests Michael Maloof in Washington he's
a former senior security policy analyst
in the office of Secretary of Defense
also in Washington we have Sarah
Gupta he is a senior fellow at the
Institute for China America studies and
in London we cross the Charles
Shoebridge he is a security analyst and
a former UK Army and counter terrorism
intelligence officer all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate it Charles let me go
to you first here of course looking at
the reactions to this Olympic truce the
one word keeps coming up wedge the North
Koreans are trying to wedge the u.s.
away from South Korea well of course
they are that's the whole idea
that's what's called the political and
diplomatic gambit let the games begin
at least the diplomatic ones here really
the question is how the Americans are
actually gonna respond to it not that
it's a wedge because it is go ahead
Charles yes undoubtedly North Korea is
quite skillfully taking advantage of
events such as the Olympics that doesn't
mean to say of course that they don't
generally want to take part and I
suspect many in North and South Korea
would welcome that they're going to take
part after all they're all Koreans at
the end of the day America could have
perhaps seen as coming perhaps did but
the way they were acting in the
immediate run-up to this decision
suggests that many of them weren't for
example nikki Haley of course in the UN
very loudly as is often the case
unfortunately not just on this issue but
so many others but very loudly
pronouncing that talk simply wouldn't be
taking place that very the first of all
North Korea had to denuclearize and
abandoned their program before any talks
would happen and then almost as if the
rug has been pulled underneath her but
to be fair as well although Donald Trump
himself has welcomed these talks
he's tweeted I think is of course where
we find policy coming from he has
tweeted that it's welcome and of course
it is he then of course if we went on to
claim credit for it and actually it may
be that in some ways credit is due to
him after all it may be that for example
they're not so necessarily his tough
approach but his very unpredictability
and
irrationality not just amongst Koreans
but around the world alloys as well of
course could have contributed to this I
agree with you you can look at it from
totally different venues and come to the
same conclusion actually it's very very
interesting so let me go to you in
Washington here a few days ago the very
suggestion that the North Korean Olympic
team would go to the South to
participate Lindsey Graham said that
should not happen and one of the
interesting things that Western
policymakers don't give South Korea much
agency about their own security and I
think that's again part of this wedge
here I mean if the North Koreans can
talk to the South Koreans where the
problem is in that region you have the
Russians and the Chinese vouching for a
process that's the way it should work
that's a whole lot more confidence than
somebody all the way across the globe
talking about is big button go ahead
it's you know the point about agency
which you mentioned is actually the
important one and it is that it is that
aspect of agency which the current South
Korean government has has has cottoned
on to the center life governments in
South Korea always felt that they needed
to exercise that agency so as to have a
little bit more of a balancing role on
the peninsula and rather than be
completely aligned with the US because
on on Peninsula issues because when you
are completely aligned with the US on
Peninsula issues sometimes things just
go down the wrong way hawkish track or
the military route they're the wrong way
essentially you know one of the very
important factors about Kim Jong Un's
reciprocation in his New Year's speech
was actually that many of those points
were laid out many of the many of the
points which he which he talked about
were points which were listed by
president moon jae-in in a speech in
Berlin in July moon jae-in had said
please come and see and participate in
the Olympics let's try to have exchanges
starting with during the Korean New
Year's and have family family exchanges
let's reduce tensions on the demarcation
line I mean each of these has received a
response from Kim jong-un and a positive
response yeah we can talk later
it's an employee it's interesting
because if you look at the North Korean
the leader of North Korea his New Year
speech Michael let me go to you here I
didn't see really much coverage it in
the mainstream it was very interesting
okay fine it's the old days of
Criminology reading between no fine
that's fine with me but I mean in the
face of it it was it was very it was an
overture and the South reciprocated I
mean that's how you start a process okay
and I think this is something that's
very good I know the North Koreans are
very difficult to work with but the
Americans don't keep their word okay so
now we have to go to baby steps to start
a process go ahead Michael yeah I think
that what what North Korea did
particularly Kim of North Korea he he
made it he made these overtures I think
because he now realizes that his nuclear
and missile capabilities are in play
that they are sufficient to deal with
any u.s. threat I don't think he would
have done anything before he was assured
and felt confident that his arsenal was
was it was was prepared and ready to go
it's he's not going to use them against
the South and I and I think that he has
good strategic thinkers and and by
making the overture to South Korea
president moon of South Korea was very
has always been involved in wanting to
have closer discussions the question
that that then arises for the United
States is does this then make the United
States influence on the peninsula less
and less relevant as a consequence but
it still doesn't take care of the the
issue or address the issue of Kim's
nukes and I think that those are not
going to go away and I think that what
happened is that South Korean initiative
has taken yeah yeah but I'm gonna go to
Chinese here because I mean this is a
deterrent I mean I can no logical person
with knowledge of this long going
conflict can convince me that North
Korea wants to use these weapons in an
offensive matter because if they do they
will be incinerated in
matter of minutes it is for security it
is for in and this is what the North
Koreans want they want the Americans to
sit down at the same table and the
Korean War that's right folks it has
never been ended they want legitimacy
and they want economic aid and they want
to be part of the international
community as they see fit I think those
are interesting talking points okay it's
or better than war go ahead Charles yeah
I think we need to look at this from the
perspective of North Koreans or rather
because this is what's relevant in this
case the North Korean leadership North
Korea like other countries around the
world has seen a decade and a half
getting on for two decades now where
countries were persuaded to give up
their weapons of mass destruction and
countries such as Iraq come through such
as Libya on the promise that they
wouldn't then be interfered with that
they didn't need to defend themselves
against countries such as the United
States and those countries were then
destabilized and their leadership
deposed by force of arms and course to
talk about Iraq and Libya and arguably
of course that may well be an issue with
Syria as well who's also of course given
up their deputy WMD and we may see
results of that in the future but
nonetheless this has sent a message
around the world to smaller countries in
particular particularly those countries
of course that have been on the list of
the axis of evil at the United States
promulgated of its plans widely known to
topple what it sees as enemy or
unhelpful regimes around the world
I say it's use of the word regimes we
would say governments and of course the
North Korea is and has long been on that
list and so the only way that it can
prevent an attack from the United States
from its perception or from its
perspective is of course to go the
opposite way of these other unsuccessful
countries and actually not just maintain
its WMD but actually acquire and refine
them and I agree with the previous
speaker who says that actually now north
korea has arrived at that situation it
has arrived at a point at which it now
almost certainly is too late for the
united states to take military action or
i think really interesting if you look
at the history of the the ups and downs
and the
oceans here I mean it's or it's kind of
a golden Bluff nobody really wants to
test it at this point right now okay and
I think that's really quite interesting
I mean I am NOT a technical expert in
these things here when they tell me this
is an ICBM or maybe it's just an
intermediate missile with extra fuel I
mean I remain agnostic about these
things I don't believe the intelligence
services and I don't believe North Korea
okay but I do believe in bluff what do
you think okay good a soda up in
Washington before we go to the break I I
completely agree with you on that point
he his deterrent is not completely in
place but he seems it to be sufficiently
adequately confident and comfortable in
this regard and there is some element of
bluffing because we do need know that he
does need some additional testing to to
refine that if that deterrent but that
deterrent what he has in place is
sufficient for him to both deter the
u.s. fire and him for him to feel
confident to re-engage in a diplomatic
process I think he has actually been
waiting to see where the Trump
administration was going when Trump was
president-elect he sought Trump to be
going more in a hawkish and a fresh
maximum pressure direction he felt he
needed to have that deterrent he's got
that deterrent
he's now willing to open conversations
and so I think there's something fairly
pragmatic not just strategic but fairly
pragmatic about his approach
you know Michael right before we go to
the break has it is back and forth the
eve of the current Korean leader in
Trump just highlighted the significance
of North Korea way out of proportion
because I think it has go ahead Michael
well it showed that the small guy can
they the David can still beat the
Goliath and what's happened here is that
he's outsmarted the US and and the u.s.
is left hanging dangling and he holds he
retains his nuclear weapons and at the
same time he makes nice with with the
South which is fine and brings a little
more calm to the situation the problem
that I'm seeing emerging within the
Trump administration is that some
neocons wanted bloody do a bloody nose
approach yet and hit us
maybe a target just to show him that
they mean business that could just
absolutely okay I'm gonna jump in here
on that note gentlemen up in here we're
gonna go to a short break and after our
short break we'll continue our
discussion on the Korean Peninsula stay
with our team welcome back to crosstalk
we're all things we considered on people
about reminder discussing the Korean
Peninsula
okay we left the first part of the
program with Michael talking about the
possibility of a mistake and I think
that's that's one area here that is the
what is the known unknowns if I could
quote a famous former Secretary of
Defense I think you work for him Michael
but Charles you know I there's not a lot
of discussion in the mainstream or
hardly a zero is the russian-chinese
plan above freeze for freeze freezing
the program for freezing of the
exercises and if we go back I think it
was the penultimate round of sanctions
against North Korea it was televised I
watched the whole thing
I saw the Western nations you know again
the sanctimonious nonsense okay gong but
then the Chinese and the Russians put
out a plan and it was actually quite
lengthy it was quite detailed and and
it's still on the table and that is a
way forward and at that table the US can
still sit if it's a wishes go ahead
Charles yeah that's very interesting you
mentioned this is the if you like the
geopolitical backdrop to it because that
is also on the should we say the micro
level or the tactical level exactly what
has caused this breakthrough if indeed
it turns out to be that to take place
the only reason why these talks have
been able to take place in the first
place is simply because South Korea
agreed to pressure the u.s. to postpone
the big military exercises that were
planned until after the Olympics take
place on the basis of those exercises
being postponed and the North has made
it quite clear about this those talks
then take place so it's of course that's
ironic in a way because of course the US
has constantly stated that the aim of
those exercises isn't to threaten the
North Korea and elsewhere but it is to
reassure the south and yet it is the
South that has gone to America and said
listen let's actually stop these
exercises or at least put a halt on them
and perhaps we can make some progress
here and I made this comment earlier
this week that you've got a situation
where as in Korea now it would appear
so many other places around the world
Ukraine comes to mind to some degree
Syria and so on that when you've got the
US and its policies being placed to one
side in these different theaters of
potential conflict then that allows
local players to actually exert together
and talk ignoring what US says is its
interests in its policies and actually
solving problems or at least starting on
the road to solving problems themselves
it's sort up I think it kind of follow
up with what Charles were saying there
is the dilemma that the u.s. faces is
it's very entangling alliances because I
think all of us on this program had
agreed that this overture is worth
exploring the u.s. should sit down at
the table and and talk about real
security issues where everyone needs to
feel safe but then you know that the
Japanese are gonna be saying huh oh
you're gonna walk away from your
commitments there you're changing your
mind see this is the nightmare that the
US has with all of its alliances because
if it makes one false step then the
entire region is going to take lesson
from that and maybe it won't be a lesson
that that the u.s. wants them to because
the u.s. obviously does not want to look
weak in the Pacific go ahead on
Washington yep you know you you you've
if you spoke on a really important
subject you know this issue of either
being in entrapment or abandonment
issues we're allies field either being
entrapped or there or them being
abandoned and then it creates various
dilemmas but let me out here throw out a
proposal which is a little bit off the
charts
okay deal with this situation on the
Korean Peninsula you know I think one of
the important things that needs to be
done is a little bit of disentangling of
the korea-us alliance
within the context of the United Nations
command South Korea is capable of
deterring fighting and defeating core
North Korea by conventional means of
course if South Korea just was able to
take care of that responsibility it
would also find that it has greatest
autonomy in its political and diplomatic
decision-making with regard to North
Korea what it does depend on with regard
to the u.s. is the extended deterrent
the strategic deterrent
that has to remain in place and that
needs to be credible but if we can have
a little bit more separation between in
within the war fighting in the aspect
between South Korea and and the United
States and South Korea takes the lead on
that perhaps they might also become a
little bit more brave on the diplomatic
front and drag America a little bit more
towards more diplomatic means of
tackling these situations than just
purely military means and other emphasis
seems to be Michael particularly since
American public opinion a recent world
major poll that came out is it the the
American public is is by a very sizeable
majority of frowning on all these
foreign adventures and entrapment
wrapping alliances here but I mean one
of the interesting things is that um in
the West they don't think about or talk
about is that there's always been on the
agenda of unification of the peninsula
of course the issue is under whose terms
okay because the Chinese well we
certainly don't want to see it under
Seoul's auspices and of course the
United States doesn't want to see it
under the North Korea what they call
quote unquote the regime here again I
think the region has to give more agency
to the Koreans to find out what they
want to accomplish where they want to go
because the South Korean submit' have
abrogated that responsibility for a free
defense but I would say having all those
American troops there and makes the
place far more dangerous and the u.s. is
way long overstate its need to be there
in in South Korea go ahead Michael well
I think that's part of the dilemma for
the United States now and on the one
hand agreeing well yeah let's proceed
with talks but on the other hand how
does this in in the long term affect our
relationship because you have to take
into account the United States needs to
take into account then what a strategic
relationship will be toward Japan as you
pointed out earlier and toward the South
because we do have existing alliances
with South Korea I think that the
reality is the United States unless it
takes some pre-emptive effort which is
going to knock everything out it needs
to allow the Koreans to figure out their
own destiny on the one hand
we have to accept the fact that North
Korea now has nuclear weapons it's like
accepting whether India or Pakistan is
nuclear weapon or Israel our influence
over that was zero or even Israel yeah
Israel it's a you know we they deny that
they have them but they've got them
about a four hundred units of them and
it's it's really well let me let me go
ahead my proposal is it's always been my
proposals always been the United States
needs need needs diplomatically to go
and challenge North Korea by offering
them ultimately diplomatic relations
lesson this lesson the sanctions accept
their existence and and accept the
reality and that they're there and let
the two Koreas to figure out their own
destiny okay Michael one more thing I'll
go to Charles here they're going to have
to accept that North Korea's a nuclear
power
because just as you said a country that
is determined to get those weapons does
it okay and there's not much you can do
beyond obliterating it we have the India
we have Pakistan we have Israel while
South Africa decided to give up you know
Ukraine gave away their weapons and
through negotiations but you know North
Korea as Charles II started out with the
program they've learned the lessons of
regime change so part of the list that
into enumerate what Michael said is to
recognize him as a nuclear power say
nuclear weapons state okay that's gonna
be very tough for a lot of people to
swallow but I think it's almost an
inevitability and then when you have a
unification of maybe south south of the
Korean Peninsula
maybe those weapons go away too it's a
long long process Charles go ahead
that's right missus all tied into their
now ancient concepts of course of
deterrence mutually assured destruction
and all that now the as things currently
stand and for the foreseeable future
the fact is that North Korea does not
pose a threat to the United States even
if it develops the capability to have a
couple of nuclear weapons on board quite
unsophisticated ICBM systems that
doesn't pose an existential threat to
the US whereas of course the use of
those weapons would very much pose an
existential threat to North Korea
the problem is is that of course America
has got other interests in South Korea
that are beyond simply ensuring peace on
the peninsula there for example it's we
talked about its military facilities
early there is also a dispute of sorts
going on between the South Korean
government and we're talking about
diplomatic wedges earlier over their
deployment over anti-ballistic missile
systems there and especially the radars
that the Americans are deploying which
of course are important perhaps not so
much for the South Korean security but
for spying on China that's certainly
China's fears and so there's quite it's
quite a complex situation in respect of
the strategic picture other countries
such as Japan it's understandable that
they from their perspective see career
as a threat with these weapons and
therefore that threat needs to be
mitigated but the question is how and
what is the best way of doing that and
it would seem to be the case that with
the progress we've made so far in terms
of these talks starting and they're only
the beginnings they're only mainly
talking about sport but it may go to
other issues and hopefully it will that
actually when you take the pressure off
and reduce the rhetoric and deescalate
then progress can be made and the yet
cancelling or other postponement of
these exercises which North Korea sees
with a threat to its existence is a
start for that process okay let me go
back to Michael gives you're a real
expert one of my experts on Donald Trump
and I'm gonna but gives up say something
to do I don't it's like putting up if
I'm gonna put up the flag and I want to
see if you want to salute this is a
golden opportunity / / for Trump to
prove his critics wrong you know think
out of the box be decisive you know put
up her a shut up you know I mean this
that it's in the cards he could pull
this off if he wanted to okay but this
yeah the guts or does he have the
strength or as he just hemmed in this is
a real serious question go ahead Michael
well I think he's being hemmed in by the
neocons who want to - - who are
committed to regime change - to a
nation-building and I think Trump needs
to go back to his original promise
during the campaign that he wouldn't do
either one of those things and yet he's
doing them today or attempting to or
he's under pressure
from a lot of the neocons in order for
that that they can remain relevant in
this town I think that he needs to if
he's going to look inward into the us to
rebuild infrastructure
yes foreign policy in effect should
become his domestic policy and I think
that that that is where he needs to go
and he needs to let the Koreas work
things out he's got to recognize that
that if he takes military action
anywhere it's it's going to cost
tremendous amounts and he's he's always
thinking in dollar in terms of dollars
so I think that that's going to be a
major well in alliteration for him but
it also means influence influence
throughout the region what do it what is
the agent if it's gonna mean what I
wanted I want him to think about his
legacy a peaceful legacy that's all the
time we have gentlemen many thanks to my
guests in Washington and in London and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here in our to you see you next time and
remember Rostock rules
