a very warm welcome to the Stan
Collymore show coming up I'm gonna be
speaking to the one and only Gary
Lineker
about England's incredible 1990 World
Cup campaign one nation that failed to
qualify for next year's World Cup was
Norway we got the chance to follow one
of their former international stars laws
Bohannon now a norwegian premier league
manager we visited him in beautiful
Sandefjord
we are in cold wet and windy sand fjord
in the south of Norway to chat to a
former teammate of mine we played at
Nottingham Forest together he played in
the 1994 World Cup for the Norwegian
national team now he's the manager of
the local tip plugin Premier League team
here in Norway let's have a chat with
Lars po Henan yeah looking very well
God a robot dressing rooms
we're in the home dressing room here at
sand fueled in the Norwegian Premier
League we're what two hours from kickoff
and we've been given privileged access
you see here hard work beats talent if
talent doesn't work hard that's one of
the things in dressing rooms around the
world now inspirational comments to be
able to get the players up and ready for
the game call the place for the names
and a little lockers all the kit is
ready and as we move around the dressing
room that's a quote there from Pep
Guardiola in Norwegian and then we get
round again we've got the players kit
and here's the little locker with the
boots and of course las bohemian former
teammate of mine at Nottingham Forest
about 19 mid-1990s it's big Anglophile
he played for Nottingham Forest Derby
County Blackburn Rovers so Alex Ferguson
quote there if you give him once you
will give in twice and no dressing room
should ever be without music pretty much
when I was a player it was hip-hop it
was rap it's exactly the same in 2017
the players get their choice of music a
couple of bikes here to warm up and the
Norwegian Premier League and sand fjord
is ready to go
you never lose it Lars you never lose it
I'm ready ready to play can play up
front today get a couple of goals
fail to prepare prepare to fail
ah welcome I could get used to this this
is the bosses room and this is where
Lars and his technical staff are before
the game we've been in the home dressing
room let me just show you around quickly
this is where all the coaches usually
three four or five coaches fitness
people physios masseuse he's the boss as
my former teammate laws Bo Heenan nice
to see that in this day and age in 2017
when players are pink boots gold boots
silver boots he's gone for the old
classics Copa Mundial that's what he
used to wear when he used to give me
assists at Nottingham Forest nice to see
that he still has them there as I say
all the kitties up and again he's on
tactics board so he will just sit with
the coaches and decide who's playing
who's playing where the coach's room
bulletins which is unusual talk you know
CNN all the other so we've been in the
dressing room had a chat we've the boss
before the big game in the Norwegian
Premier League and the last-minute
preparations you can see the players now
it's game time
so Sandefjord one two goals to kneel
here on a very sodden wet Norwegian
evening which keeps them in the
Norwegian Premier League
more than likely for another season that
means a very happy manager a happy Laws
boin and we can have a chat with him in
the morning
Lars delighted to be here in in
sun-filled fantastic win yesterday which
may well keep you in the Norwegian
Premier League for another season
incredible achievement for such a small
club and I've seen you do television
work you've played in England you've
played in World Cups why management I
was I was a sports director for a while
and I thought that was quite an
interesting job but it it was too far
away from the pitch too far away from
where the decision decisions were made
and less contact with the players so I
tried I tried coaching in a second
division team I really loved it we did
well and had a good season and then this
club picked me up and I have been here
for four years now now I just love it
it's the closest thing that you can get
to being a player and I'm sure you miss
it too are you number she's manager do
you want to go back to England where you
played for forest and Derby and
Blackburn or France or Italy or Spain is
it is it part of the plan it's part of
my my dream to be honest but I I I'm in
no rush I have I've not plenty of time
but I have some time I'm getting older
but I'd like to go abroad and then it's
difficult to say I mean that Norwegian
managers in England hasn't been really
successful but we'll see I want to go
abroad and see what I can do and I
definitely want to go to a bigger club
with bigger resources that can win a
league or two at least titles in this
club that's going to be difficult so
we've been building clubs here building
this club over four years and it's a
limit it's limited at how far away I can
go here I saw in the dressing room cut
the quotes one from Pep Guardiola and
one from Sir Alex Ferguson inspirational
quotes which is normal there in include
dressing rooms and who are your
managerial inspirations I think I've
taken
a little bit from from many also from
people I haven't met or bidden player
under Ferguson s as a leader more maybe
then as a coach Moreno as a coach and
our our thorough oh yes and now planned
everything is and have structure eyes
everything is and also how he does
everything to win and it is prepared to
do everything sacrifice everything to
win and sometimes it goes over the line
I think but I tried to steal from
everything could be from a second
division coach here and in this control
could be from from Roger oh I tried to
steal wherever I can 1994 World Cup
second ranked team in the world in the
mid-90s the Norwegian national team 85th
now in terms of that experience then why
was that Norwegian team so special in
the mid-90s and what why has there been
a drop off now it was a big generation
there from the guys born in 68 69 70
maybe 71 it was and it was also a time
when when England opened up a little bit
for foreigners and no reason players got
really popular and and they also got to
play regularly in the top teams and that
for me it made all the difference
when we then came and played Holland and
England we weren't like baffled by their
situations we thought we could we could
win I think if 95 96 in a period we had
over 20 players playing in England and
top teams and playing regularly and now
and there hardly any King George King
but I think that it's got to do with the
the football has gotten better that the
football caught up with us a little bit
we did some stuff and in that period
organizing the football being playing a
4-5-1 really cynical football very
direct very good playing in the zonal
defense system that that we did really
well now the team it's a different
cultures different opposition I think
that the teams around us has caught up
with
over time and we haven't been doing good
work in this country for many years so I
think for us we need to find sort of a
niche that we could be really good at
and then we can start climbing but we'll
never be number two again never that
will never happen
would you be interested in managing the
Norwegian national team at some staging
in in your career maybe in 10-15 years
then that would probably feel natural
and the right place to to be so yeah in
in long term I would do that and you
also see now we got Alan Johnson and
gajala they're coaching the under 15 16
17 so they're in there and I think that
the whole the whole group from that from
that generation are sort of dominating
the Norwegian football at the moment and
I think that's good and we'll develop
our game from that and I don't think
it's just me wants to be a national
coach in about 10 or 15 years there's a
few others I think that wants to be that
as well from my from my generation
ideally what would laws behind him be
doing in the next five or ten years time
what would the career pathway get a
bigger club in Norway and and do well
with them and then move abroad and and
the most natural thing for Norwegian
coach is to either go to Denmark or to
to Sweden and if you get one of those
clubs and then you do well then I think
that and it would or could be realistic
to talk about England if you look at
some of the other coaches that we've had
like stolen soon back and it wasn't
wolves yeah we tend to go all the go
that with all of them they don't go from
Norway and then straight to England or
Germany or or Holland like that needs to
be a career that's been built up so they
see that you can manage different levels
of football and at the moment I'm at the
bottom level so I got a few steps to go
boss thank you good good thanks good to
see you in pleasure join us after the
break as we speak to former World Cup
Golden Boot winner Goa Linacre stay with
us
at RT we have a great team but we needed
to strengthen before the FIFA World Cup
and who better than a legend to keep it
tight at the back
in 1992 they're not qualify for the
European Championships at the very last
moment no one believed in us what we
want and I'm hoping to bring some of
that winning spirit to the arty team
recently I've had a lot of practice so I
can guarantee you that Peter Schmeichel
will be on the best form since my last
World Cup I can run that story
thoroughly that was an old joke I was
only kidding here I come Russia
right right right right no no left left
left more left
okay stop that's really good that I sat
down with my all-time England hero Gary
Lineker
to this grouse is Italian 90 World Cup
memories from Sir Bobby Robson to Gaza
and everything in between
I thought we had a better squad in Italy
even before it I know we didn't do very
well in 88 in the euros but there were
circumstances that didn't quite come
through and it's few lose two games and
all of sudden you're out but we had a
good squad then I think it was made a
little bit better by Gaza you know gas
going waddle Mitch Barnes was still
that's well platy you know Bryan Robson
was around the table we got injured
again but Beardsley and myself up front
good defense Terry Butcher you know
there's Walker great you know fluidity
we could play different systems so I
actually thought we had a better
all-round squad of more world-class
players in that team which is what you
need to be competitive
Irish in Sardinia that big bowl of a
stadium at that game
you got roughed up a bit in that game
the likes of Mick McCarthy I thought in
those days of course you could just kick
you know there's a lot of physicality
much more than there is now you touch
someone now you get yellow card and the
line on the floor etc but it was but we
got off to a great start I might have
just hold off McCarthy and so many times
with the ball to make sure it crosses
he's giving you a little but definitely
not gonna let him get me get to that
ball ahead of me I was so determined to
get that goal and then obviously they
came back really well there was I was so
competitive hard you know they played
that kind of very direct football very
um that old-school English football that
thankfully is gradually drifting away
but it worked it was difficult to it's
hard to play against and then obviously
we got we were getting back to the end
back home as we always do expect that
was always silly they forget that other
teams are quite good as well the Dutch
guy was interesting obviously that was
the time we changed the system and for
the first time ever we played through at
the back which we'd never done before
and I mean there's that hope the whole
myth about it was player power we forced
him you know a complete nonsense I mean
what happened was that Bobby Robson had
the idea to play that way he wanted to
change the system but he I remember he
came to three or four of the senior
players are certainly shilts Terry
Butcher myself and Bryan Robson was
there even though he was injured but so
you know and he just said to his he says
I'm thinking playing this way gets the
Dutch I think it might suit us you know
with van Basten we could ya des walk and
follow him and Mart right spare etc etc
what do you think and we all went yeah
well I think they were really work with
the players that we've gotten him give
us a bit more of a fluidity to our game
will be less kind of stuck rigid rigid
we're always rigid before footy was
quite hard so and then he went away and
we and then in the team eat before the
game he said right this is the way we're
going to play there was never ever
a moment where anything platic we got
played us a nonsense and from there on
in we start the next game is a tough one
as well but no memo's to get through and
that's what you got doing the group
stage and then it becomes knockout the
Belgium game plat scores but I can't up
but think and then if you ask most
England fans it's your it's your look
like jumping on it they're not in the
group in the corner it's lighting in the
game and you looking away like letter
cameras just I was just I was charging
thinking and thinking I wonder what gas
is doing her that was all it was but
I've seen I've seen that footage yeah
but what a goal what a finish absolutely
incredible finish Cameroon did England
underestimate that again remember it
Roger Melia it was you know the oldest
man to play in the World Cup nobody knew
exactly how old he was
I think few suspended as well I remember
the team meeting before the game and
Bobby Robson saying we like I shouldn't
tell you this but a scout report I'm
gonna I don't know that was he said I
shouldn't tell you this but Scout says
we've got a buyer it couldn't be further
from the truth car they were good they
were strongly a physical and they played
some intelligent very good football
going forward kept the ball well and all
of a sudden from being one up I'm
thinking maybe we're gonna get away but
we it wasn't a we're the slightest bit
complacent and no we didn't you don't go
out like that we would this is Welker
court file as if and then all of a
sudden were to one down Roger Miller did
his magic the penalty were you aware as
the game was slightly drifting away that
well it's all right Lilly can I'll get
us out of this well I didn't think that
they are doin it thinking any Cougars
but what I did think was come on I've
just one chance get one chance one
chance you know so you keep going and
then the Bulls Gaza knocked into me and
I turned I got hit and I thought penalty
and then the ref point the spot and I
thought yes and then I thought oh I've
taken this
I've been England penalty sex for four
years we hadn't had one I'm sure I was a
little bit nervous but I also loved
situations and if you're a striker
you're playing the game you're desperate
to get a chance you can't get a better
chance than a penalty and I had a true
story this is about probably Rob the
truth
I've been paid to take a friend a few
years and particularly in that World Cup
I'd practiced I hit like 30 or 40 a day
after training penalties so I hit this
one where I just you know that one with
the innkeeper's left but just bendy just
ain't right just outside the post and
you'll always pull it in a little bit so
I hit that post day after day after day
after day after day after day day before
they gave me train in the Napoli Stadium
where we where we played against huge
bowl of her game you'd be a boiling hot
again hard page so I went to doing a
penalty of bad start our penalty taking
and practice Bobbie Russell Gary Gary
that's what he said I've been told that
the Camerons have got spy in the stadium
watching the training so said you might
want to think about your penalty
practice because he knew obviously knew
what I did so and all right so I put the
ball on the spot and I'd only about ten
but each one I hit low to the keepers
right into that corner crossly yeah so
then we go the game comes agnes go
penalty think i thought right okay go
just hit the one you've practiced you've
know you know how to do it just bob just
do that do that do that do and as soon
as I struck it it was was perfect and
also even before I struck it I could see
the keeper diving low to his right so we
kind of bloke up in the stands the
Cameroonian guy was there I'll never
know
but after 90 minutes extra times to to
so we go off for a little team talk
Bobby Bobby coach I told you so Joe so
it was good and then obviously then we
get another penalty now I'm thinking now
what do I do
I planned for two so I thought well he
dives so early with the first one I'm
just lucky down the middle and I'm sure
the tiger out of the way again because I
did place it so I was fairly confident
if I struck it straight down the middle
that score and so it proved to be
thankful England against Germany a
classic old rivalry and World Cup
semi-final
how did you feel leading up to that game
I remember the night before Bobby Robson
had a team meeting the night before and
we had the team meeting and then we were
going to watch the other semi-final
Italy Argentina and he we had this
meeting the clipboard was there as
always and as always Bobby was a bit
late for the meeting so we had this
thing we're talking about entertaining
side you know entertaining the players
because through a note you know we
didn't used to have all those game boys
PlayStation FIFA mobile phones laptops
of you know box set it's nothing like
that though so we made our own
entertainment we used to do a bit of
each sub-race nights and yeah and Peter
Shilton myself for the weather we were
the book is so honest Schultz and Lynx
we were cool and then so their night
before the World Cup semi-final against
Germany did the clipboard was on Bobby
was late so I'm turned a page over and
I've written in his big marker pen have
written even money he mentions the war
close it back up and with early takers
well it was a kind of a joke but then
five minutes lady he walks into the
broom and he goes around surprise boy
Jesus we beat them in the water
massive cheer goes right and he's
Bobby's good lot what and he and they've
all gone yeah turn and he turn the thing
over in East Kahn linacre you've bastard
true story
another iconic goal and II Braemar
Luke's over Paul Parker Paul Parker we
interviewed and he said the East job was
to run out and close it down comes off
in loops over okay and then at the other
end is long raking pass to you you do
what you do best take you in you score a
goal in the World Cup semi-final oh did
it for your eyes against the German is
again he was that explosion of emotion
and different feelings of relief of
being back in the game of the joy of
actually scoring a game as massive as
that and and with her left foot volley
and it was it was like a joyous moment
but obviously there's a lot of game to
go
and but at that specific moment I can't
remember a kind of better feeling Paul
Gascoigne how good was he in that
tournament came back himself a superstar
something that you knew about coming
back from the 1986 World Cup gets a
yellow card did you feel a
responsibility to to babysit this kind
of incredible talent well it's the
iconic moment where I point to the thing
which again I claim no idea at the time
is only half staff the people started
going what were you doing I want and
then I'm sorry
I remember that Gaza was he obviously
made the London attacking mistimed obey
got the yellow car which he knew
therefore if we make the final he
wouldn't be able to play and I was just
kind of with it dogs barking I was just
with him at the side of the you know
where it happened and I his botnet was
starting to go and I thought oh crack
he's and so I looked over to Bob you
know because the bench was really close
and I just would you know have to work
with him all basically keep an eye on
him good Gazza responded brilliantly and
and he was great in that he was
unbelievable in that welcome I mean
gathers that in terms of talent was
unbelievable penalties you school yours
the end of the game it's like an
intolerable amount of time until
actually the penalty shootout starts
don't put your players in we were trying
to find you know players that would take
penalties were for volunteers and Chris
Waddle who both accepted to take one and
then I remember been I've never
forgotten it he totaled in the center of
the pitch the five of us before the
shootout starts and Bobby Robson walks
over and it and he got around the huddle
me when boys he said don't let me down
he said there are thirty million people
watching this back home and I thought
I'll relax and beardsley myself burst
out laughing so it kind of took away a
little bit but it was yeah it kind of
brought it home what it meant
if I look back on my career and people
used the word regret is regret it's just
if there's an if only moment would have
been obviously to win that panty
shootout because he was so close then to
winning the ultimate footballing prize
so and I know that I shared spoke Bobby
Robson knew numerous times about and he
shared that that fact that we were so
close and the Argentine kind of shot in
the finals where I would have been I
think I'll never know
we always fancy our chances but it and
it would have been a tough game but yes
this is the one if only moaning what was
the mood like in the dressing room after
the game it was it was incredibly
despondent at the same time there was a
degree of pride because we knew we'd
done well and I got fun in a phone you
saw the game in its entirety about eight
nine months ago for the first time and
we we played well in that we do say you
know when you're playing you know you're
not always quite sure how it's gone
especially when time passes but we
played so well in that game so there was
a mixture of it was year downright
despondency what it was like for Stuart
place and Chris Waddle I have no idea
but all we could do is try and comfort
them but but what do you say when
someone's done that no difficult so and
then I remember we got on the team bus
on the way back and we did silly songs
ooh singing on the way back from most of
the trips just you know because we were
in good spirits and then I think it was
Gaza or waddle started it they don't
know but gradually everyone started to
join him and by the time we were saying
it was kind of weird but it really
lifted our emotions and we felt like
we've done ourselves proud we could we
could go home with a heads held high but
at the same time there was that all of
all you know it wouldn't leave that
thing about God
that's a lot for this week thank you for
joining us on the stand Collymore show
we'll be back next week as I interview
real madrid and spank at to the legend
Sergio Ramos vamos
