hello and welcome to Sophie and comme
Sophie Shepherd not said in listening in
the military this woman never thought
she'd be in danger from her fellow
soldiers rapes assaulted and harassed
she was forced into a struggle that
ended her career to victims of rape have
a fair chance of justice in the US
military
Air Force veteran and military rape
christ-centered worker Jennifer Norris
is with me today to share the story of
her battle American women are reaching
the highest ranks in the modern-day
military but away from the frontlines
they find themselves defenseless against
a threat much closer to home why sexual
assault so rampant in the US military
what happens to victims who dare to
speak out and is the Pentagon willing to
contain the epidemic its own soldiers
face
Jennifer Norris retired US Air Force
veteran activists in the military rape
Center who herself had first-hand
experience of sexual assault in the
military thank you for joining us in
this program I want to start right away
now the first time this happened you
were drugged by your recruiter did he
trick you into having sex with him do
you have any recollection of how the
incident happened when I look back on
the incident I realized that I was
actually tricked by this man to even go
to the party to begin with he had told
me that it was a new recruit party for
other recruits and I was excited to go
meet them because they would understand
exactly how I felt so he had ill
intentions from the get-go cuz when I
got there there were no new recruits I
was the only one how many times were you
subjected to sexual assault or abuse was
it just that one case it started with
that one case and I thought that maybe
it would be over after that that I was
just unlucky at the wrong place at the
wrong time so I pushed forward but
unfortunately as I entered into the
military service it
again and again and again within the
first two years of service so tell me
this why didn't you report straight away
after that happened the first time I
didn't report the first time because I
hadn't even gone to basic training yet
and I didn't really know what to say to
I didn't even know where to go if I was
supposed to go to a commander in the
military if I was supposed to go to the
police department I was completely
clueless as to what sexual assault and
rape and harassment were at that time so
I just tried to soldier on and move
forward with the career that I was
looking forward to doing for at least 20
years so what happens at that moment
when you know you're assaulted sexually
what what do you feel what do you go
through is it guilt is it shame is it
what uncertainty
it used to be shame because I used to
feel like I was an idiot for going to
this person's party but after years of
counseling and working with rape victim
advocates I learned that predators
operate in much the same way they're
very manipulative and they will set you
up for an attack or they will take
advantage of an opportunity and so now I
realize it was a calculated crime but it
took me years to realize so for those
who hasn't been faced with this kind of
ordeal but you know a danger is always
there tell us how do these manipulators
actually trick their victims into it how
do they lure you in I think they do what
what you would call grooming so they
make you believe that they're
trustworthy and that they're going to
take care of you and it almost seems
like it's too good to be true
and so when you're naive you don't
necessarily realize that now everybody
is speaking at face value so as an 18
year old or even a 24 year old it's easy
to fall prey to the niceties because you
don't know that there's evil lurking
behind it and I think that's the real
danger of the
these kind of people and how they
operate is that it's they're able to get
to us based on a trust that has been
established and in the military we
dependent we are dependent on each other
in every way especially in trust so how
old were you like 18 wouldn't that
happen no I was actually 24 I had
already graduated from college as a
social worker I worked in the field for
a couple years I worked with as a case
manager I worked on a suicide crisis
hotline and then I decided I wanted to
go and get my master's degree and the
military offered a GI bill that could
help me accomplish those goals so that's
the number one reason that I decide from
being patriotic and wanting to give back
and being involved in something that was
bigger than myself okay so it was
completely clueless as to what was in
store okay you know one woman who went
through a similar ordeal Air Force
urgent Marty Riviera she said that the
military has a way of making females
believe they brought this upon
themselves did you feel that as well yes
did you blame yourself for what happened
I did for the longest time because
especially with the recruiters incident
I it's like it says if I knew that as
soon as I walked through that door that
there was danger but it was too late to
turn back and that particular incident
taught me a lot about how to take care
of myself in the future unfortunately if
you're working for someone that's
assaulting you you can't escape them so
no I don't have shame or blame or any of
that stuff anymore as far as what I did
all I did was go to work in uniform and
these people took advantage of their
power and opportunity and that's what
we're trying to change is that it's
taken more seriously if someone does in
fact abuse their power and that kind of
a Saturday I'm trying to figure out the
psychological aspect of it how exactly
does the whole military structure make
you feel guilty for what has happened
and not the other way around
I understand so
given the way that you report currently
in the military it's not you don't go to
a police office to report a crime you're
supposed to report it to your commander
in my particular case and in a lot of
soldiers cases that the commander is
also has a relationship with the
perpetrator and he may or may not have
known the perpetrator way longer than he
knows you and so what it does is it
creates an atmosphere of intimidation
that if you see your command or hanging
out with the same guy who assaulted you
then you feel like oh wow he's not gonna
take me seriously that looks like
they're both really good friends and
then when you do go ahead and report the
first thing that the defense attorneys
start looking into is whether or not
you're this you're that you know how do
you conduct yourself are you
you know they immediately go into well
you shouldn't have been at this place
and if you hadn't it you know that
wouldn't happen well they could have
done that to me too
but it's not our fault that I know we
thought we were attending what was
supposed to be but I'm thinking Jennifer
I'm thinking there are also other women
working in the military I mean they you
know they're they're compassionate
creatures you could have shared your
story with them they certainly would
have understand what you went through
especially if this happens all the time
maybe there are other women alongside
you who are actually subjected to the
same sexual assaults did you share your
story with any of your female peers well
what I learned is that first of all I
was one of very few women in my squadron
there may have been if we were lucky
three of them and one of them is an
administration or personnel and then
maybe there's another one in another
shot but I was the only female that was
working for satellite communications and
in combat communications so no I didn't
have other females that I could turn to
and say you know hey this happened to me
as a matter of fact I didn't want anyone
to know that this had happened to me
because I didn't want to be judged
unfortunately it appears that once
people learn that you've reported a
sexual assault or may have been involved
in an incident that they become scared
of you instead of being scared of the
perpetrator they think that you're gonna
be hypersensitive to if they swear or if
they say something in offense you know
offensive when in fact it's not going to
be that way at all
so there's a culture of fear built up in
the military and I think that's why they
want to automatically blame it on the
woman because if she goes away the
problem goes away and they can get back
to work as normal human rights watch
reports a very dire picture of what
happens to the victims of sexual assault
and they say I quote that these people
are being spat on deprived of food
assailed with obscenities threatened
with friendly fire during deployment
discharged for misconduct is it true is
it really that dangerous to come forward
it is in some cases it just depends on
your situation if you're isolated you're
in way more danger than say other people
would be on some big base that has
security forces in a in a Jag office but
if you're in some place like the Azores
or you know in some other random
location across the world and all you
have is the people that are with you
then yes you could be in in grave danger
if in fact someone harms you and
threatens you and says that if you say
anything that they will kill you it
happens I research it we have had
non-combat deaths occur overseas that
include homicide and unsolved cases that
nobody is talking about and that's what
we're trying to tell people is did you
get threats were you threatened yes not
only was I threatened but I was
physically beat after I reported by one
of the perpetrators friends the entire
squadron turned on me I was
automatically the liar even though they
didn't know the circumstances and even
though we did have proof and we were
able to move forward with two of the
four cases the other people in the
squadron did not know what had happened
so they believed the perpetrator who was
able to
them the story while I was at some other
squadron waiting for the case to go
through but see for me it's just mind
boggling that you're saying you'd be
just like standing there harassed
assaulted in the open with other people
just standing by and not interfering how
come no one interfered why didn't troops
come forward for a fellow soldier well I
did have a couple people that had my
back along the way but it it felt more
like it was a culture of fear like
nobody dared stand up to those that were
higher in ranking if they were the ones
that were doing the harm because they
were afraid that it would have backlash
on their career to me now I don't have
respect for those people that didn't
stand by and take a stand and support
the ones that were actually being harmed
but along the way there were some silent
people that came up to me and said that
this person had done that to them that
this person had done this to them and so
people opened up along the way but they
wouldn't take it as far as I did in
actually rapport although I must say it
was because of a Senior Master Sergeant
that I finally confided in he's the one
that finally convinced me to report the
four individuals to the commander
Jennifer we're gonna take a short break
right now when what we're back we'll
continue talking with Jennifer Norris US
Air Force veteran talking about the
epidemic of rape in the US military and
what happens to those who dare to speak
out against it stay with us
and we're back with Jennifer Norris Air
Force veteran and military rape survivor
sharing the story of her ordeal and how
she found the strength to move on now
Jennifer
Iraq veteran Chantell Hannah berry says
she was less scared of enemy fire than
the men she served with she recalls she
would like drink less water to avoid
going to the bathroom in nighttime but
she was so terrified of being harassed
so why do women even join the army
despite hearing all this horrific
stories I think that it boils down to
people don't think that it's gonna
happen to them and that's typical of I
think just society you just don't think
that bad things are gonna happen to you
I had the same mentality before I don't
join to so you know they want to follow
their dreams and they want to do what
they want to do and in some of us our
dreams was to be in the military and
retire and and do great things and move
women forward so I think that's normal
that's okay
United Nations is speaking out about
this the problem of sexual assault in
the US military and it's saying that it
needs to ensure effective prosecution of
offenders is is going to make any
difference absolutely right now the
prosecution rate for sexual assault is
less than 10 percent compared to the
civilian world which is at least 40
percent that's what we're trying to say
is that if if people are raped or
assaulted and then report we would like
for these cases to be taken seriously
right now like I spoke to you earlier
you have to report the crime to your
commander they are not a legal
professional they are not Special
Victims Unit
they do not understand how these things
work and what we want is to be able to
report to a police department or a law
enforcement professional someone that
understands how these people work and
can't be manipulated by them so for
years activists and lawmakers in the
United States have tried to change this
protocol right but leaders in the
military are
springing civilians in two bases to
investigate alleged assaults why are
they against it and what are they
winning this debate wide why do you
think the military is winning this
debate because they're able to protect
their institution if they're able to
keep everything in-house and that's
exactly what they do they want to stomp
it out before it gets out to the public
whereas we want it out in the public so
people know who these offenders are and
can be on alert
they don't just offend people in the
military they're offending people in our
communities as well their wives their
children so it's not just a military
issue it's societal issue and I think it
would be way more effective if everyone
reported to a police department where
all their crime data was kept in one
place so you think in completely
removing sexual assault cases from the
military chain of command that would
actually solve the problem
I think standardizing the justice
process in general to have it in sync
with the civilian society meaning
database is connected and you know
whether it's the civilians that try the
the perpetrator or it's the military
that tries the perpetrator everyone
should be talking so that we can connect
the dots on who's doing what where
because it makes it a little bit more
complicated with a military personnel
who can transfer all over the country
into different parts of the world we
need all the data collection to be put
into a system so we can actually track
what these people have done through the
course of time and be able to move
forward with a with cases that may win
as opposed to what he said she said
incident so Jennifer what I'm thinking
is that maybe there should be more women
in the US military you know in
high-ranking positions that way they
would take more positions and maybe kick
some butt especially regarding the men
who are potential Salters what do you
think should there be more women in the
US military that'd be ideal although we
have to take into account that over half
of the victims in the military actually
53% of them are males
so this isn't a female issue necessarily
we are at higher risk because we're
seeing as the weaker sex
but predators do not discriminate they
are harming both men and women in the
military and a lot of media I have been
trying to cover the issue we just have
not been able to get any footing with it
but people need to know that more than
half the victims are men in the military
here's another crazy number according to
the Human Rights Watch only 5% of sexual
assault cases in the u.s. militarily two
convictions of the perpetrators what
happened to the man who assaulted you
was he punished yes the recruiter
skipped town after I threatened to
report him to the commander
unfortunately so we couldn't do anything
with that case the technical instructor
that assaulted me at Keesler Mississippi
we had no jurisdiction over because he
was active duty and I was considered
National Guard and then the other two
who were both National Guard members
that worked with me we were able to move
forward with cases but by the time it
went up the chain of command it got
minimized from sexual assault to sexual
harassment they both retired with full
benefits after 20 years of service no
Pentagon keeps saying that programs are
implemented changes are being made the
problem is being solved is it all a lie
I don't think it's all a lie but I
definitely think that they sway the
media to see things a certain way so for
example although the numbers may have
gone down from 26,000 or roughly 19,000
the last couple of years and they're
bragging about a 30% increase in
reporting it means nothing in the
civilian world doesn't understand that
that in the military you can report a
crime under two different guises either
restricted or unrestricted if it's
restricted that means nobody's supposed
to know about it including your command
or so you can go forward and get some
help if it's unrestricted then it turns
into a full-blown investigation if in
fact your commander agrees to move
forward with a case which is another
sticking point
so people need to realize that although
the reporting has gone up it's been
restricted reporting which is not
helping us catch these criminals they're
they're still not being reported you
might be able to get help but they're
still moving along in their careers
assaulting other people while the latest
victim is just getting help you now work
with those who went through this same
problem as you did are you seeing more
cases of women speaking out has the
situation gotten any better I think
awareness has definitely got better
around the issue and there's way more
talk about within the military and
outside in the veteran community to
address getting help for after someone's
been traumatized by an incident like
this so that in fact is has improved
I've actually benefitted greatly from
the programs that have come as a result
of our advocacy with military sexual
assaults so for that I'm thankful as far
as the military justice system goes and
policy goal goes it's it's the same
thing it's always been nothing has
changed whatsoever as far as the core
issues that we're trying to address
which is taking a commander out of the
decision-making process as far as
whether or not you're going to move
forward with a case we just want law
enforcement professionals and detectives
and investigators to deal with these
cases not a commander who's you know
great at war but has absolutely no idea
how the legal process works and what
sexual assault is what do you do for the
victims how I have the report in my boss
what I do is I empower them when I did
work for as an advocate I actually would
help them kind of deal with their cases
as they were moving along in the process
and I noticed the same patterns over and
over and over so now what I do because
that was really hard to take until we
can change things is focus on helping
them to heal despite not being able to
get justice so trying to find a place of
you know faith and finding a place of
comfort in yourself to know that you
didn't do
anything wrong it's just that the system
is not working well and it needs to be
changed and we there's nothing we can do
about it right now except to take care
of ourselves and hope for the best in
the future so you just mentioned earlier
that it's not just a man/woman problem
that 51% of the ones who are being
assaulted are being our men and I read
this recent survey also by American
Psychological Association that says that
number of men facing sexual assault in
the military is 15 times higher than
reported by the Pentagon now that would
mean up to 200 10,000 men are assaulted
in one year is that number correct is
the right classification do you and do
you help manage know yo yeah so who ever
needs help when they come to me I will
assist them as best I can that actually
that study from American Psychological
Association was retracted they had used
not a very good way to determine those
numbers it was it wasn't correct so it
was retracted it's not actually that
high what it doesn't really matter it's
still high enough where it should be a
concern the the actual number is what I
shared with you it's roughly 53 percent
of the victims of military sexual
assault are males this is not a female
soldier issue this is a predator issue
and that's what we're trying to tell
people Jennifer thank you so much for
sharing this story with us thank you so
much for empowering women who went
through the same thing as you did thank
you so much for being so brave and
outspoken and I hope that you really win
you win over pentagon thank you
we're talking to Jennifer Norris a
retired Air Force surgeon now activist
with the military rape crisis center
speaking about sexual assault in the US
military and she shared the story of her
ordeal and her fight for justice that's
it for this edition is Sophia CO I'll
see you next time
