on the second day will be held under the
topic of building regional partnership
in Afghanistan and Central Asia as a
model for interdependence of security
and development the first session will
take place under the presidency of mr.
Nazarbayev and the second will be
presided by the head of the foreign
ministry of this country I think that
Kazakhstan's initiative to organize
these events is very relevant and the
importance is defined by the high
interest of the member states of the
United Nations who support the promotion
of central role of Security Council in
the finding and efficient solution for
the main problems of international
relations and we hope that during the
sessions there will be a constructive
exchange of views on the problems of
non-proliferation of weapons of mass
destruction and the situation in the
region of Central Asia and Afghanistan
also during the Sergey Lavrov visit to
New York and his participation in the UN
Security Council meetings you'll also
have another meeting with the UN
secretary-general and mr. Gutierrez and
currently we're working on the agenda of
the bilateral meetings of the head of
the Russian Foreign Ministry we will
inform you about these contacts now
moving on to international agenda and
Russian foreign political approaches
also traditionally we begin with the
development of the situation in Syria
but before that I must quote several
quite strange declarations of our
American partners that were made on the
situation in Syria and on Russian
foreign political doctrine relevant to
this country as well as the efforts in
the fight against terrorism
I would like to give you the Declaration
of the acting AIDS of the Secretary of
State on Middle East David Satter
filled it was giving a speech during the
hearings in the Senate
there were many declarations there many
speeches I will quote several of the
most crucial ones he said that he did
not understand and speaking the name of
the United States he said that the US
did not understand the Russians
long-term strategy in Syria we hold
briefings every week and attacks are
published on the website and we talk
much about the long-term strategy of the
Russian Federation in Syria and the
Department of State over the United
States would have already made made sure
that employee read the text of our
briefings and the speeches of the
minister and so on on a daily basis the
administration of the Russian President
and of course first of all the President
of the Russian Federation the Defense
Ministry the Foreign Ministry talked
about the steps taken by Russia to
settle the situation in Syria as
measures for long-term recreation and
restoration of Syrian statehood what can
be unclear
it can only be unclear for those who
have no interest for the topic at all
and such incompetence for the aid of the
sector of state is unacceptable and the
second declaration is that the u.s. is
going to act on Syria through the UN the
has come through a to the Syrian
National Dialogue Congress in Sochi this
was said by the same person
the acting eight of the Secretary of
State on Middle East mr. David
Satterfield and I quote we intend to act
in
everything they yes and the
international community do through the
UN and through the resolution 2254 of
the UN Security Council this is a
counterweight to Sochi and the Russian
initiatives meant to control and limit
their own track
we will not legitimize the alternative
settlement process led by Russia does he
even know that mr. de Mistura who is a
special representative of the UN
secretary-general on Syria came to
Moscow that he met they had a foreign
minister and defenseman showed the
Russian Federation that they work on the
modality of the involvement of the yen
to the events planned in Sochi the
aforementioned Congress did he not hear
the declarations made by the
secretary-general of the yen and his
special representative does he not know
about the efforts that Russia takes with
the UN to restore long-term Syrian
statehood
another thing is striking here the fact
that the u.s. openly says that they will
contract and prevent the Congress
another thing is that they are trying to
pack it all up and show it as a
counterweight to other processes for
example to the events in Sochi it's been
said many times that the process in
Geneva and Sochi are interlinked and
without Geneva and without esta now
without the talk platforms has been
working actively for several years there
will be no full-fledged settlement we've
been talking about this we said that all
these elements are parts of the joint
and common global process it is
surprising that now the American
diplomats in particular since he is an
acting aid for the Secretary of State
are doing this openly and showing this
as an open counterweight now it is clear
that's why certain groups of the Syrian
opposition
Claire that they are still thinking or
they do not have a clear position on the
participation in the Congress now we
know who is behind them and who is
working against them
the third declaration that also as
pretentious is that the US and the
coalition continues to fight against
Isis in Syria while Russia has declared
that the fight was over that was said by
the a to the sector of state-owned
Middle East of the United States while
Russia said that the fight against Isis
is over the US and its coalition
partners do not consider this as the end
of the efforts this is once again a
demonstration of a full and non
understanding of the Russians actions in
Syria from the very beginning Russia has
been saying about this even if those
newly appointed diplomats do not know
about this from the very beginning
Russia suggested that we fought together
against Isis and other terrorist groups
or over it was done on the basis of
international law later when there was
no response from the United States of
America from the country that leads the
certain anti-terrorist coalition's in
the region in Syria we did not hear or
see any desire to work together that's
why the Russian Federation had to begin
the operation to counteract terrorist
groups that you've been watching
in fact online by visiting the region
and so on during this operation we've
been talking on numerous occasions at
the United States and the Western
coalition that was led by it and the
international coalition was working
against us and supporting certain
terrorist groups now they're trying to
show this in another way and some
countries and certain politicians in the
United States state that was not Russia
who was victorious in the struggle
against Isis it will what rather it was
them and now they say
only the united states is the country
who is left there alone fighting against
the enemy this is full of perversion of
the situation in the region so that's
why I wanted to mention these sayings of
the American diplomats and now we will
move on to the facts and move on to the
figures and names I will also come back
to these declarations and answer to all
of them in the first days of 2018 in
Syria in intense provocations of the
al-nusra front and which is actually
interesting for the US lawmakers and
David Satterfield in particular is the
role of the United States of America in
the support of these structures so in
the first days of this year there have
been intense provocations of the nasara
front terrorists and radical groups and
in particular attacks against Russian
military bases the circumstances of the
show shootings of the himemiya airbase
and the massive use of high-tech
equipped drones against our military
personnel and women in Tartus was
reported by the Russian Defense Ministry
and I have nothing to add to this
information I will just allow myself to
once again pose a question to the same
mr. Satterfield where did the terrorists
obtain these new means of warfare and
why this means appear now when anyone
any observer can see that Syria is
showing transfer political stabilization
and a situation in stabilizing in
general creating a good
additions for reaching political
settlement and return of country to
peace isn't that because such course of
events with the principal role of Russia
does not comply with the position of
certain powers and our American partners
are talking about this openly that they
do not like this they do not like the
fact that we are holding another
crucially important and large-scale
event connected with the establishment
of inter political dialogue in Syria at
a rather solid basis we are conducting
important efforts to counteract
terrorism in this state perhaps someone
still has illusions that Russia would
abandon its line to promote peaceful
political settlement in Syria based on
resolution 2254 of the United Nations
Security Council that we will refuse our
efforts to organize the Congress of
Syrian national dialogue on the 29th and
30th of January or rather at the end of
January because the agenda is still
being elaborated so if some forces and
now we know their names mr. Satterfield
in particular have such illusions and
they will lead to nothing no matter how
hard you try no matter what you say to
your lawmakers in the Senate and so on
in response to numerous provocations by
terrorists the Syrian government forces
have begun massive offensive in the
southeast of the province of Idlib and
Aleppo
towards the above the whole airbase
which since September 2015 has been
under the control of al-nusrah and
nowadays the right and the government
forces are finishing liberating it
and before the new year al-nusra along
with Afra rush out and file a column on
terrorists have carried out operations
in the region of Damascus and the scale
of the operation is comparable to the
jihadi attempts of breaking the blockade
in March 2017 the situation was
stabilized by the 4th of January but the
actions in this region have negatively
affected the situation in East guta the
escalation zone which prevented the
implementation of trust-building
measures in the region and the situation
is much better in the de-escalation
zones in the north of Homs
and the South zones and the Syrian
border and the ceasefire regime is solid
here which allow the Syrian government
to establish practical work to restore
power lines and to re-establish normal
power supply and energy supply the
roster and Talbiseh regions in the first
days of the new year 69 former members
of illegal armed groups use the Syrian
president's order on amnesty and in a
damask region 650 militants are an
individual account and numerous units of
armaments have been given in and more
people have settled their new status in
Palmyra and in the settlement of
Hercules in the east of Homs province
they used the specialized Center for
working with those who avoid military
draft and deserters and according to the
Syrian civilian society as a result of
exploding minds in the zones controlled
by the Democratic forces supported by
the United States 89 civilians died and
activists complained that the Americans
and the local authorities supported by
them which is very surprising either
completely ignore this problem or make
attempts to
take payment from the local population
to defuse the remaining mines and IEDs
from Isis is this what the employee of
the State Department was talking about
when he said that nowadays it is the
United States who will fight against
Isis in Syria by taking payment for mine
clearance from local population that's a
strong declaration we've been calling
for collective efforts for humanitarian
mine clearing and the local population
cannot return to these regions Russia is
continuing its efforts to provide
humanitarian assistance to Syrians and
the Russian military regularly delivers
cargo and products and medical products
to the regions of Syria and the center
for reconciliation is working to
normalize the humanitarian situation and
regular reports on the work of the
officers of the centre are published on
the website of the Defense Ministry of
the Russian Federation and on the 6th
and 7th of January the people of the
Deir Ezzor province received potable
water and the local population including
children have received medical aid and
more than 30 children have received
qualified medical assistance and safe
and secure passage for humanitarian
convoys of the United Nations has been
established to the settlements of the
hip and tell your help in that there our
province and the local population had
received products of old-world weight of
180 tons and 240 tons the Russian
military has delivered several tons of
humanitarian aid stores a battalion in
Damascus region as well as established
mobile and medical assistance points now
talking about human Terran assistance
and him current situation in Raqqa the
situation remains quite difficult and
this caused a serious concern
large parts of the city are still mined
and there's a large number of
undetonated explosive devices and more
than 80% of the buildings are damaged
the city plumbing is not functioning
electrical supply is established only in
several of the neighborhoods numerous
courses remain in the ruins epidemic
situation is difficult and the United
Nations is unable to conduct an
evaluation of the situation and the
conditions for the return of
surveillance have not been established
the reasons are apparent the use of
force by the so called international
coalition against Isis led by the United
States of America and the current
manipulations with the creation of the
so-called local self-governance and
which does not respond to the central
authorities and against this background
the media are trying to create an
apparent silence plot on the actual
situation in Raqqa in order not to
discredit the actions of Washington and
its allies in Syria who I say this once
again do not have an international legal
basis for their presence in Syria at the
same time there are continued efforts to
pervert and distort the actual events in
East gouta and Italy which are a part of
an escalation zone in Syria by the way
what was the recent publish on Raqqa of
the famous London Human Rights
Observatory I haven't seen those
materials some reason they keep quiet I
should check up on them during the New
Year holidays we have seen complicated
situations not only in Syria Palestine
it unfortunately
we became witnesses of the fact that
December and January gives Ukraine right
to take destabilized actions
particularly for certain politicians and
extremists
new year holidays and Christmas holidays
given opportunity to show themselves and
to take action unfortunately they took
russophobic action frankly speaking we
were really shocked by all the situation
bigoli when the ukrainian President
Petro poroshenko in his televised
address in sincerely wished peaceful
done best people as a proof of his
so-called sincerity he welcomed the
decision to supply the American major
lethal weapons to Ukraine and the
Ukrainian foreign ministers who well as
it seems watch today TV in the kitchen
expressed his sorrow over the dominance
of the Soviet films and the local TV
channels all this statements provoked an
extraordinary atmosphere particularly I
should talk about the statements made by
the Ukrainian historians well they're
not historians they're falsifiers they
proposed to call the period when Ukraine
was part of the Soviet Union as Soviet
occupation and they believed that the
today's Ukraine is the successor of the
Ukrainian People's Republic that existed
for several months but why are they
taking this action why do they want to
spoil to them and to the people who are
living together with why they want to
spoil this holidays this days that they
have to have rest well they're even
or I'm can tell you about the acts of
vandalism and hooliganism taken by
Ukrainian nationalists they doused with
paint the building of the Russian Center
of Science and culture in Kiev the
radicals from the far-right group as
Fulton showed up in the holidays and
they blocked the Kiev patrol avril under
the pretext of looking for the Federal
service of security center well if they
want to take more action they can look
for a CIA Center in Kiev and they can
douse with pain some other building
Russian people also faced with other
actions so those are people who wanted
to visit their friends and family they
didn't have any bad intentions they just
wanted to see their friends and
relatives they had to undergo
fingerprints and they need to talk about
it later in more details the Ukrainian
foreign ministry also informed the
Ukrainians by saying that their visit to
Russia could become a one-way ticket
well what can I say it's difficult to
disagree with this statement it's quite
real I can I'm sure and I can say that
to you that many people who from Ukraine
who visited Moscow they were really glad
to see all the decorations and the
spirit of the holidays in the Russian
capital so the statement made by the
Ukrainian foreign minister is quite real
but also I should say that the security
service of Ukraine intimidated
Ukrainians with auntie Ukrainian
provocations
conducted by the Russian intelligence
officers well maybe they were afraid of
the fact that Ukrainians will be
kidnapped by their father Frost I didn't
know what they were talking about but
they try to give a political nature to
New Year's and Christmas holidays and
they tried to spread this russophobic
propaganda in holidays and now let's
talk about the biometric data that was
taken from the Russian citizens since
the first of January 2018 the Russian
citizens are obliged to undergo them
metric checks particularly fingerprint
checks so now I believe that they that
Ukraine Ukrainian authorities have
additional means and they didn't know
where to spend them so they it seems for
them that it's impossible to live
without fingerprint checks for the
procedure will be conducted in
checkpoints in transport means and also
in the the checkpoints for transport and
also when the border service of Ukraine
but also in special posts to control
those the people who are crossing the
border and other offices and areas of
the forest services of Ukraine but the
head of state and government of russia
member of delegates and they staff who
is working for these delegations and
people under us under 18 and tourists
and also members of crews of military
ships and aircrafts and also people who
part of the crew so for civil aircrafts
are free from taking this the metric
checks also I should say about the
foreign ministers and members of
diplomatic staff as as well as members
of consul generals administrative staff
and diplomatic staff as well as the
staff of military attachés and trade
missions they have have their families
their relatives as well as the
diplomatic staff will have all the
necessary documents and staff all the
international organizations who are
having a business so wizard to Ukraine
as well as representatives from the
international musicians whose
organization is represented in Ukraine
and have all the necessary documents you
know in line with all the international
documents as well and also their
relatives
if these people refused to undergo
fingerprints checks they will go further
control and after their the decision
will be taken if this person is going to
enter this territory and now let's move
to other topics as relevant we received
many questions concerning the questions
posed by Interfax agency I'm talking
about the Vancouver meeting on the DPRK
situation and the fact that Russia is
not participating in this meeting we're
well aware of their plans to organize
the meeting by members of coalition of
the Korean War in Korean 1950-1953 but
we view this as idea as they called as a
demonstration of the Cold War mentality
and bearing in mind the universe
stations to have a dialogue between the
North and South Korea we are seriously
concerned by the objective of this
meeting particularly to take actions to
further to make a further pressure on
the DPRK it's quite curious and
interesting bearing in mind the
statements made several hours ago the
statement made by President Trump that
he he's in good relations with North
Korean leader and should say that on
22nd of December 2017 the UN Security
Council had adopted the resolution 2397
that introduces new restrictions against
the DPRK with the fact that they
continue to work on their nuclear and
missile programs but at the same time we
need to say that the decisions to make
more to exercise small Praja again more
pressure against the DPRK taken by one
country or a group of countries are
illegal apart from the decisions taken
by the international community we
believe that the settlement of the
Korean crisis is possible through the
dialogue that includes all the parties
all the conflicting parties but instead
we see that we see the participation of
all the actors of that Hall so talking
about the signal that they want that the
organisators want to send to the
international community is quite unclear
for us we do not exclude the possibility
that they pursued the one goal but they
have at the moment are the results and
it seems to us that
the results of this event is unclear we
do not support this event because it's
again escalates this tense situation and
the Korean Peninsula we were asked to
make commentary well actually I don't
remember
well I received this question during
this during one of my briefings the
question regarding the plans to develop
Russia Japan cooperation in 2018 as I
promised I as I remember I promised you
to tell you about this in greater detail
the 2018 will be quite significant for
relations between the two states and in
line with the arrangements on the
highest level
there will be live lateral yeah
organized in Russia in Japan the opening
ceremony will be held on the 26th of May
in theater Bolshoi we believe that it
will give an impetus to cooperation in
researchers economy politics culture and
we hope that together we will implement
ascent of initiatives that will set a
basis for the economic community
beneficial cooperation for a long term
perspective we are planning to have
contact between mr. Lavrov and mr. Cohen
in November and mr. Khanna and bearing
in mind their meeting in November 2017
they were arrangements made concerning
their future meetings new rounds of
Russia Japan strategic dialogues will be
launched between the first deputy
foreign ministers and consultations will
be called on strategic strategic
stability as for the economic
cooperation on the South Corea Islands I
should say that in the framework of two
working groups on
Commerce and logistics we're working on
the wheel working on five areas DC
culture Y and energy economy and also
the organization of tourism and
recycling as well as the launch of the
transportation between the psychoanalyst
and the Hokkaido prefecture so we
believe that there will be a new round
of negotiations on the level of deputy
foreign ministers in February and the
other issue it was mentioned by
journalists during one of the previous
briefings I promised to tell you about
it in greater detail I was asked to
comment the one hundred and fortieth
anniversary of the liberation of
Bulgaria from the Ottoman invasion as
you remember the third may mark the one
hundred and fortieth anniversary when
the San Stefano based treaty was signed
it laid the foundation for the
independent Bulgarian states one of the
organizers of the events will be the
national committee which was established
in May 2017 and was patronized by the
Bulgarian president eating this
structure involves many public servants
researchers and artists and as well as
spiritual leaders many events will be
organised in Bulgarian cities and they
will involve Russian politicians and
Russian activists particularly diplomats
of the Russian embassy in Sofia but for
example in June 2017 and swished of the
they celebrated the liberation of
the first Bulgarian city by Russian
soldiers its they marked the one hundred
and fortieth anniversary and in 2017
president relief and the Russian
ambassador organized the joint ceremony
where they pay homage to the heroes and
soldiers of these events in the
beginning of January they organized
solemn solemn ceremonies and in March
they will organize another Invents where
the Russian patriarch Kirill will
participate on the 3rd of March the Rath
laying ceremony will organized they will
pay how much two soldiers died in the
Russia Turkey war
they also planning to organize the
exhibition of documents from the archive
of the foreign policy department of the
Russian embed and Empire it this
exhibition will also be organized online
the mark so will be issued with the
faces of soldiers heroes that Lebanon
skull death and other joint events will
be organized to mark this memorable date
and I ask all of you all you who are
interested in this topic please look at
the website of the Russian embassy in
Sophie Sophie you'll find all the
information there and I'm sure that all
the events will be organized on a
perfect level mint it's a regret that
briefs and stuff is not present here
what I was saying he's ill well we wish
him to be well as soon as possible we
welcome him in Moscow and there are
other topics who are
so positive s the previous one
unfortunately we have witnessed the
desecration of the Soviet War Memorial
in Vienna which is located in
Schwarzenberg Platz on the night of the
10th of January the front face of the
memorial was doused who have faint the
Embassy Russia in Austria have sent note
of protest to the Austrian foreign
ministry demanding to immediately clear
away the inflicted damage and to find
and punish those responsible for this
horrendous act we are disappointed by
the fact that this systemic by the
systemic nature of the cynical acts of
vandalism because perpetrators are still
not found we have raised the issue of
organizing the security of this memorial
and installing video surveillance
cameras but we see that Vienna is not
answering to our calls and we hope that
the Austrian authorities won't ignore
this issue and will take immediate
comprehensive measures to prevent the
recurrence of this incidents in future
we have repeatedly commented on the
Russian level on the international level
the eastward NATO expansion and all the
guarantees all the promises all the
guarantees that were given by the United
States to our country we have heard a
lot of times for our partners and from
also political scientists and social
activists that no such declarations were
made these issues weren't raised and no
one understands what
we are talking about so the United
States published the material concerning
the concerning their commitments it's
not to to prevent the eastward expansion
of natural but now we are witnessing the
sections that are explained by the
so-called threat emerging from Russia
but at the same time we see that words
made by our colleagues have nothing to
do with their deeds and we see that they
ignore all the history historical facts
and all the arrangements made and in
December the National Security Archive
published documents concerning their
German reunification in 1990 they
reflects Western commitments to prevent
eastward expansion of NATO in the copies
of public statements and the phone
Gorbachev's documents as well as
official documents Declassified by the
State Department and foreign ministries
of other states about their commitments
not to expand eastward in one of the
statements made on the 31st of January
1919 the German Foreign Ministry made
the changes in Eastern Europe and the
unification of Germany shouldn't result
in violating interests of the Soviet
Union in the security sphere this same
statements were made by the French
president later on during his visit in
Moscow on the 25th of May in the 12
telephone conversation with the bush
george bush senior the US president
these are some of the conversations and
meetings that I mentioned and other
statements of the state secretary Baker
not too
not to expand the eastward is one of the
clear examples of a wave of guarantees
made by the Western leaders that line
that the NATO will remain in the
framework of its borders all the
statements were made in the 90s the same
statements will made in the conversation
between gantry and Baker and his British
colleague heard this were it was
mentioned during the during the meeting
between Gorbachev and Shevardnadze
Vernazza with the u.s. state secretary
and meeting between Khrushchev with the
US with the US officials so all these
hotels us about the commitments made by
the Western colleagues and now they
cannot deny it always published
materials demonstrate a blatant
violation of the of the treaty made
between the Soviet Union and the NATO to
prevent the eastward expansion so the
issue is only about whether there were
people gentlemen among those who
concluded those agreements another topic
that is very relevant nowadays on the
9th of January the the United States
announced that after Russia today the
status of the foreign agent was going to
be given to real global that provides
for information materials for this
predict agency now this is not a mere
formality maybe once someone can imagine
that but affect in fact this virtually
blocks the work of Russian media in the
which we could approve by the case of
Russia today when they were withdrawn
the accreditation by the Congress and
these steps to the fact when Russian
journalist releases and the extradited
and the commander pressure from our
foreign special services it states that
Washington is not going to rewrite its
politics and there is another cycle of
cleaning out the information space and
all these reminds us of different
examples of how it was happening on the
West in the West and we thought that
this page of history has been turned but
it is not so and these patterns of the
past the use now and such managers are
totally unacceptable and we see these
steps as an expression of discrimination
against our mass media and also as the
abuse of the freedom of the media let
alone that they contradict the main
norms of international law to ensure the
equal access of the media to access to
the rights of the media and the most
interesting thing is that that Russian
media were chosen as an enemy and by
this fact the American authorities are
creating a regime of favoring of the the
notorious a website in territories it
publishes the data of personal data
relating to Russian journalists and
other journalists who covered the
developments in Donbass and in Ukraine
and such a way publishing these
personnel data puts their lives at risk
at risk and we would like to see that
relevant international organisations
comply with the obligations including
the OSCE and would like to see the
response of the non-governmental
organisations including those in the
West who use any pretext to criticize
Russia where are you now when Russian
media discredited so now we come to the
situation in the u.s. I would like to
speak about the situation with the media
and I would like to speak about a very
important but very alarming trend which
concerns the pressure exerted on the
social networks in the Western countries
they tighten control on these social
networks in December last year in the
committee of culture and culture and
media allowed the British Parliament
they had hearings on the fake news and
misinformation and they stated a alarm
that such social networks were not
removing an in desirable counter content
in time so we have an impression that
through organizing such kind of hearings
the British parliamentarians are
creating conditions for
introducing censorship in the internet
we cannot rule out that the authorities
of the countries can take toughs allegis
legislative decisions to control social
networks
and they have an example for following
you know the first of January Germany
Germany adopted a law on typing the
legal discipline in social networks and
this so called on Facebook and according
to age it these networks had to restrict
the access to the illegal content and
this media all that can be fined up to a
50 million years for its such illegal
actions and the authorities were
directly been for introducing censorship
so in such way the global social
networks are under administrative
pressure the authorities of the East
Germany and Great Britain authorities
under the flag of fighting x-trans
trying to make it exert special pressure
on social networks and make them
accountable out to the government so
they try to reshape social networks for
the vested interests and to exclude the
possibility and the emergence of the
voices contradicting at the mainstream
and it's very interesting to see adil
relationship between the media and to
see the contradiction between the
material published by the traditional
media and these media we all understand
that this way or another that meditative
control is exercised upon the media as
we think as we can speak about the West
and we have an impression that this
uncontrolled publishing of materials and
information and propaganda work in the
media this which was thought to be a
normal practice started to create
mainstream media which
in the service of the main political
elite in the West so now have an
offensive on the freedom of the media
and social network in this context we
should take the closure of account in
accounts in social networks without
explaining the reason and unfortunately
we witness not only witness but become
subject to such politics and the rules
of moderation are adjusted to the
requirements of our political adequacy
and in 2018 we will witness these
politics of tightening their screws in
the mechanism of media work and France
is to follow the example and it was
announced by the president of this
country and we have grounds that such a
pattern will be taken by other countries
under the pressure of great powers and
we should pay great attention to this
topic that we will do in the future we
have received great deal of questions
regarding the recommendations of
traveling to Russia
you asked the our fbk and other other
agencies and I would like to dwell upon
these topic these recommendations that
were published on the 10th of January
they are quite puzzling and in them
Russia appears like a country that
should not be visited because it is
fraught with grave or risks in the
security area as the situation can
change any time I think that the State
Department decided to support the
Ukrainian our colleagues maybe so they
said that the situation could
could change anytime and we do not know
what they meant by that we think that it
is another kind of ungrounded
unsubstantiated statement that was going
to pour oil to the anti-russian hysteria
in the USA that was going on to instill
in to instill fear in the Americans for
Russia and has a threat a potential
threat terrorism was mentioned and we
have a question to the stated moment if
we proceed from this critique criterion
can we go down to New York downtown this
is a hypocritical attitude because it's
our general problem just recall things
about Belgium about Great Britain about
other countries the countries we crave
severe terrorist attacks were committed
but they were viewed as a more secure so
the stated moment made me think thinks
that there is no such a threat in these
countries so this is absolutely absurd
this document also states that that
Americans in Russia as such are suffer
suffering because of violence where is
the place where Americans suffered
violence or they were hurt or they just
had some kind of bad treatment so we
were thinking and we were looking
through the archives and to do not know
such a facts and what did the State
Department meant mean by these this is a
mystery for us where is the place in the
Russian Federation where Americans
suffer violence
maybe if they wish so but this is not
the question that should be related to
us if we speak seriously we have such
accidents high-profile accidents with
our citizens in the USA
anton kiev on pittsburgh in December
last year became a victim of the street
shooting and he got a gunshot injury in
his head it's one of the recent examples
as for Ukraine where the military action
isn't actions are in place and where the
situation is very unstable and it can
change anytime I was qualified by the
State Department aneurisms two countries
with less with last level fuel fuel rods
we are quite sorry by the fact that the
USA first obstacles to receiving
American visas in Russia and now they
try to discourage their citizens from
going to Russia but the statistics shows
the stable arise in the Americans coming
to Russia with the targeted interest
purposes up to two hundred seventy seven
thousand for the 9-month of the last
year and we say welcome and don't listen
to the absurdities of the State
Department as a woman the topic of not
rendering medical assistance to the
Russian citizen boot who undergoes and
serves his 25 year sentence on the
ungrounded charge as you know he
came down with the flu he had a fever
had that colfra and the prison
authorities said that they had no doctor
in the Penitentiary facilities facility
and suggested waiting two weeks only
with the help of the Embassy of Russia
in Washington we could get things moving
our developments contacted the prison's
administration the authorities the
Federal Bureau of Prisons and the State
Department and therefore the citizen our
citizens are gotten adequate medical
treatment he got to the nursery medicine
this is not the only case and the
consent agenda
who was convicted for 20 years is as
serious medical issues after his he was
up to the battery during the kidnap he
was kidnapped by the American agents in
Liberia he was rejected a medical
assistance at the very beginning we are
sore the biased attitude to our citizens
and we have a number of us in other
cases these citizens mentioned were
apprehended in the third countries were
moved to the United States and now are
the refused and assistance and the
appeals are dismissed so we are fear for
the life of our citizens and we would
take all the necessary measures to
protect the rights and the legitimate
interest and insist that they be given
an opportunity to come to return to the
motherland as soon as possible we also
received questions question just before
the briefing from the Serbian media
requesting to comment on that report
the senator cardin are published on the
10th of January
and it was called the assymetric policy
of poutine and the consequences for the
national security or for the United
States and there was information about
Serbia as for these comments about
Serbia would like to point out that we
that our us partners still allowed our
correct attitudes to the Earth's their
foreign partners and in 2017 the
president of Serbia visited Moscow and
he openly expressed his intention to
develop a partnership with Russia and
confirmed the course for your
integration of worth of the military
neutrality and would like to point out
that and stressed that our work with the
Belgrade is in full compliance with the
international law and all of those
factors that affect the situation in the
balkan region we have never promoted and
did not promote the negative agenda and
we do not call for steps directed
against anybody instead we are open to
discuss any topics interesting for the
situation in the Balkans the year report
states that such inclusive for
approaches are not shared by all
partners instead of the dialogue that
will be intended for solving the
problems they this dark just exacerbates
the situation's situation and the
attentions on the Balkans and the last
topic this is the kind of forecast issue
have repeatedly cited and demonstrated
are the materials
that are spread by our Western partners
through the controlled media by even
independent media which are intended to
to worsen our reputation for the events
of the foreign ministry events and other
events in Russia
yesterday I commented on the attempts to
blame net to blame but to spread to the
accusations against Russian diplomats
and these accusations regarding the
interference in the US elections these
statements were appointed many times and
now I'd like to talk about the future in
the context out of the Football
Championship you remember all these
institutions regarding the Olympic Games
in Sochi and now this negative trend
will rise on the eve of the this new
championship and we have serious grounds
to believe that it will become one of
the most and the central topics that
would be discussed in the Western media
have raised repeatedly raised this issue
and we exposed this falsified footage
and statements but it wasn't just the
top of the iceberg and now we know that
the journalists of the United Kingdom it
was not just one media outlet about the
number of them they got
and now they got Commission's
commissioned to spread negative news and
atmosphere regarding the championship to
be held in Russia so the media was not
asked to look into other possible news
but they were prepared some kind of
issues are to be talked about and out of
these things is the absence and lack of
necessary infrastructure of the
aggressiveness of Russian fans and
inactivity of war in law enforcement
agencies and insecurity of foreign
tourists terrorists and all these
warnings against traveling to Russia
maybe they're somehow connected to the
forthcoming event all these story will
be actively talked about before this
event and now I'm talking about the
British media we understand the
mechanism of inserting pressure on
journalists and we do not expect them to
be very brief and we understand that
they should gain the bread and the bread
and but we ask you not to the subject to
such a propaganda and you just can go to
Russia and feel the hospitality and see
with your own eyes these shortcomings
that are really present but not through
the perspective of such fake materials
just recall Sochi and just recall the
intimidating news
in particular the correspondent of the
daily daily telegraph mentioned that
Russia has sent these potatoes into
journey to the history of the country
and now it's this country is revived
after a period of dark times and they
telling reporters I said that the in
Romania was very exciting and
unforgettable and this time a we will
have this event to be organized in Adisa
very way in an interesting way now we
have a period of active negative
propaganda regarding this event now I'm
ready to answer your questions
understand Baku I know son of a Moscow
Baku Information Agency along with
Russia the least of a country is not
recommended for visits by the United
States citizens include zero by John
they also attack Americans you heard
them it is an absolutely unclear
declaration and we do not know what it's
based on you know why because air by
John also has very successful
international events in sports and in
culture and we need to constantly keep
to our Western partners stoned and I
think that the countries who do well
including their achievements in tourism
and the hospital bility foreign guests
they should be toned so that they don't
forget that propaganda can always be
used to create an image of certain
danger and so on and so forth and those
who for example frankly speaking I did
not see what was written exactly and I
did not read the original text about not
visiting Azerbaijan but I've seen it on
use that it was not recommended for this
this could be written by people who
simply never raised in Baku I speak
honestly as a person who has always
liked coming to Zahra by John and
visiting Baku many times and the
historical center and the restaurants
and museums and visiting my friends and
this is absolute nonsense to write that
they do not recommend tourists to come
to Baku Azerbaijan and so on I say once
again this could only be written by
those people who had no idea
Azerbaijan of the country's culture of
the political reality and I think they
would not even show the country on the
map thank you that was my question yes
please haji muhammad hasaan 24 TV
channel question on the national
congress and syrian Sachi how is the
world going in the preparation of the
Congress of Syria in Sochi and do all
the Syrian groups including the Kurdish
political party receiving invitations to
the Congress no you know we do not say
that all or not all have been invited
it's only currently a matter of working
on all the modalities on the terms and
possible events and the number of
participants and so on that is why it is
too early to say who is invited and who
confirmed their participation we are
working very actively and once again I
can say that when we receive detailed
information we will share it now I can
assure you that preparation is very
intense and active yes please
thus information agency how would you
comment on the reaction of Ukrainian
media on the awarding of the rank of
acting state councilor of third class a
lot or zimba and second question
could you confirm that the delegation of
the foreign ministry and of the Election
Commission is going to visit Syria to
organize Russian presidential election
here they have any details yes s for
Syria and organizing presidential
elections of the Russian Federation 2018
of course Syria is a state which will
require special attention due to the
presence of a large number of Russian
military personnel and Russian citizens
and specialists working there who
restoring the country and so on that is
why we will concentrate special
attention on this track s for the visits
the employees of the foreign ministry
regularly visit Syria and we have joint
visits and we will inform you later on
our joint visits with the Election
Commission when I receive additional
information as for your first question
yes I have seen that reaction though
those who did not see I will say briefly
that in the beginning of the sample an
order of the President of the Russian
Federation came out and the head of the
Department of the office of the
president of Russian Federation for
social economic cooperation with member
states of the CIS Republic on occasion
and South Ossetia mister in all our
zimba received rank of acting State
Council of the Russian Federation
third class and this Coast and
absolutely inadequate reaction from the
Ukrainian media and we received a wave
of questions from our own media asking
us to comment on this because the
Ukrainian media showed this
in a different way they are in fact
masters of this black propaganda they
equal these two receiving a military
rank of major-general for conducting
some kind of terrorist campaigns on the
territory of Ukraine this is absolute
nonsense and some indifference
impartiality of Ukrainian media towards
mister in dollars inva perhaps they have
their own crisis or perhaps they have
the desire to find some external enemies
have a mania to keep an eye on the
career of Russian civil servants I have
only one recommendation to the Ukrainian
media just to focus on their own
internal political and economic and
social problems in their own country and
not to try to find external enemies and
not to make up such news which would be
spread later they would rather they
would better analyze for example the
Minsk agreements and their
implementation by Kiev but speaking
frankly I do not even have high hopes of
that I think that's just beloved
character of the current Ukrainian epic
yes please just knock off Komsomolskaya
Pravda newspaper I'm very glad to see
you in this new year yesterday our
office was visited by Russian President
Vladimir Putin and he made a number of
foreign political declarations
particular he said that the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
should be carried out through dialogue
at the same time this dialogue has been
going on for many years and the question
is as follows can we say that there is
certain progress or tangible results in
this track and what exactly is being
done
and what could affect the process today
I already made a detailed comment on
this topic and I have nothing to add
here I think today I've talked enough
about the apparent progress that is
present and that we witness not only
hospitals so I think these frames were
seen by the whole world I mean the
dialogue between north and the south and
we proceed from the fact that this is
the format of negotiations in a calm and
normal atmosphere that should accompany
this complicated process it is not the
military way that is required and not
the demonstration of military force by
any of the sides not terrorizing the
citizens and not the use of nuclear
weapons the way these elements these are
not yet full-fledged talks but the
elements of the negotiation process that
we have witnessed should become a very
important symbol and a signal of how
this problem can and should be solved
the Russian Federation has said on
numerous occasions that it is ready to
provide such a systems to the
negotiation process to settle the
situation and we have answered the
questions whether it could be formal or
informal and proceed from the fact that
this does not require any formal status
and we continue to develop our contacts
with Western partners South and North
Korea and we promote the idea of the
political and diplomatic settlement and
we do everything we can in order to
alleviate the tensions rather than
exacerbate them yes please yes I have a
question for you currently the president
of Argentina on the 22nd 23rd of January
this month will is there going to be
meeting between the foreign ministers of
Russia in Argentina
you know I say once again that I do not
have any detailed information on the
events on the margins of the current
visit of Russian Foreign Minister in New
York
I will get more detailed information and
will relay the response to you as of
today I do not have such information but
I will find it out yes please but as you
know such a meeting took place and was
recently that is why and it was
described in detail on our website but
once again I will get additional
information yes the state television and
radio of the Islamic Republic of Iran
today you have mentioned the
persecutions of the media and the
sanctions of the American authorities
against Russia today and Sputnik and the
day before yesterday the Embassy of the
Russian Federation in Washington
declared that the pressure against
Russian media in this country continues
and that is why I must say that now it
is the term has come for the state
television and radio of the Islamic
Republic of Iran what is your evaluation
of the freedom of media and the American
model of the more
see you know I've been talking about
this regularly even today of course I
can once again say that the persecutions
of media when there is no threat to
peace and stability when there is no
involvement in terrorist activities all
of this is regulated by law when we talk
about politically biased actions in a
certain country as we see now in the
United States of course the pressure
against the media and the sending out of
journalists and not giving them the
credentials to attend the events and all
of this is unacceptable
but there is one moment that I would
like to relay to you you've mentioned
the key phrase and now it is Iran's turn
the turn of Iran's television should
everyone should remember this that no
one is safe from becoming the next
victim
silent acceptance of what is going on
with your colleagues keep in mind that
the lack of reaction from the
professional community gives a green
light for all of those who experiment on
your colleagues that is why whole world
all journalists should rise up when such
illegal actions and unjustified actions
are taken against any media Russian or
Brazilian or Cuban or Iranian or any
other media we should all stand up and
react to that through the professional
unions of journalists of national or
international unions
individually and let them know that this
is unacceptable
only then first of all will they
understand that the international
journalists community has a powerful
voice that such experiments are simply
unacceptable
and the second point when such
experiment concern your own media I can
assure you that the same reaction of an
acceptance of such policies of hunting
the media the same strong voice will
come to defend your owns media and
journalists unfortunately it takes large
efforts to wake up the journalist
community when such an inadequate wave
flooded the Russian media and the
Russian journalists when they're sent
out from Latvia when they are not
accredited in France when during the
briefings of the official
representatives in the United States of
America they are called propaganda
people and when there are questions for
several hours and borders when they
arrive to Ukraine and when they face
physical violence for example in
Moldavia these all requires a response a
reaction and it will be tenfold if the
situation occurs with you I think
everyone should wake up all
international journalists such
experiments are not only carried out
against Russian media this might be just
a test perhaps they're just using
Russian journalists as the subjects the
test a certain model of limiting
national media if you miss this today
then the same might happen to you
tomorrow
yes please al Jazeera and are the terms
of the Syrian National Congress still
the same and are there any certain lists
of participants today we proceed from
the date of the end of January and we're
still working on the list of invitations
that is why as soon as we confirm the
exact dates and the lists of
participants we will do that
yes please after Mike Rinder CEO
yesterday Russian we were in the Russian
Defense Ministry and we they showed us
those drones yes you are lucky yes I've
never seen those drones yes it was an
incredible sight and they think that
third countries have provided the
terrorists with these drones and most of
them think that it was the United States
so the question is do you think that
this situation is aimed at to disrupt
the Congress in Sochi and could this
delay the Congress thank you the fact
that the destabilization of the
situation in the region and in Syrian
and Syrian borders does not contribute
to the preparation of the Congress
that's a fact and they're creating solid
ground and so it foundation for this of
course Russian counter terrorist actions
and Syrians themselves and all those who
participated in destroying terrorists in
this country were contributed to the
process we have a solid basis and it was
important to use the momentum in order
to launch a comprehensive global process
of dialogue not just dialogue but rather
practical implementation by all
political forces present in Syria and
outside of it in order to elaborate
practical steps to consolidate the
country and to elaborate the main
modalities of its future development to
work on its future statehood and the
main documents settling the activities
of the country should
elaborate the steps of the process and
the attempts to undermine this basis
that was created with such efforts in so
many years of course by the design of
those who are behind these
destabilization all of this is aimed to
disrupt the political settlement and
since the Congress which is planned in
Sochi is aimed at political settlement
in Syria of course it is a target for
those who disturb lies the situation yes
please hello mr. Harborough jaggary
RT arab edition please tell us maybe
it's quite early to talk about it but
yesterday represents this of the Syrian
opposition met with with mcmaster in the
White House what's your reaction bearing
in mind that the White House is not
looking forward to Sochi
how is it possible just understand
please understand it understand it that
this whole statement wasn't made by
those who has nothing to do with
diplomacy today I cited to you the
statement made by the State Department
they are saying that the Congress in
Syria goes against the UN Security
Council resolution and goes against all
the efforts made through other made
through other platform n't was made by
the diplomat who should be responsible
for what they're saying
but they're saying that they are
dissatisfied with the Congress in Syria
but at the same time they used to wrong
arguments because Russia is interested
in complying with the UN Security
Council resolution so maybe you think
there are signs to derail the
negotiations well
you just you can read it you can find it
in what they're saying
just remember what quotations I made in
the briefing just imagine that this
person will be deployment but he will be
specialized in Eastern Europe or Asia
then someone would say that he is not
experienced in this fear it's just a
mistake a gaffe but at the same time we
should bear in mind the fact that they
said that they are not looking forward
to the Congress and they're saying that
Russians have a special purpose for
organizing this event in Sochi I even
read that Russia outfoxed everyone
because you know if they are saying it
publicly it's just difficult to imagine
what they're saying are we close but all
this weapons that terrorists have and
that the use in their attacks so they
had all these armed groups all this is
registered by the Russian Minister of
Defense these factors destabilize the
situation in Syria and this has negative
impact on the preparation process for
the Congress and all other events to
consolidate the situation in Syria but
and can mr. de Mistura influence the
situation to change may be to change
their point of view and to help to
persuade them to visit Sochi just to do
everything to unite representatives of
different ethnic and religious groups
mr. de Mistura efforts are mostly
military efforts he take actions to
as mediator between conflicting parties
but at the same time he remains in
contact with major actors of the Syrian
crowd crisis so you're absolutely right
when you are saying that they when the
mr. de Mistura have for all the
opportunities have all the possibilities
to call on everyone to take part in this
event and to emphasize the importance of
the Congress and it's not the success of
the Russian Federation is the success of
Syria and when we're talking about Syria
we are perceived from the idea that is
that it's the Syria that's all for Syria
the Syrians who from pro-government
groups and the Syrians who were against
the government this is this the future
Syria for all the Syrians so we were
safe from the idea that the military
efforts of mr. de Mistura should help a
Syrians and they should seek the success
should seek the prosperity of all the
Syrians all the Syrian groups all the
political Syrian forces who chose the
political settlement of the crisis who
who decided to the political settlement
in the restoration of their country yes
please good afternoon
Korean radio and TV company I would like
to come to comment the inter-korean
negotiations what's the position of the
Russian Foreign Ministry could it be
viewed at their first positive step
towards the development supposed of
developments in the Korean Peninsula and
in the relations between the USA and the
DPRK or it should be viewed
there you go negotiations between the
North and South Korea concerning the
Olympic Games you know we have published
the comment room in the official website
is quite detailed you want us to give an
evaluation than we did it
but maybe you want from us a forecast
because as for the forecast we would
like to see that our evaluations and
evaluations that we heard from other
states will be implemented and they will
become long term so it wasn't just a
unilateral step towards the organization
of the Olympic Games in South Korea and
after that we see the confrontation
between them threats to one another we
hope that this meeting will become a
clear example of how the two countries
can work with each other and maintain a
dialogue in a constructive manner and
this meeting maybe we'll have a positive
development for this issue I think I
told you everything about North Korea
and Japan well if you want to know more
details then please of the mic please
push the button because it's not turned
on
by simple shrubs thank you as full the
meaning of the meeting on the level of
foreign ministers and deputy foreign
ministers they they will be organized
into ocular in Moscow I'm going to
specify it later
thank you yes please yes I'm listening
to you of the mic off the mic one second
please you need to push the button or
please use the microphone bearing in
mind the Olympic Games in South Korea
there will be a large number of articles
in sports media and in the other media
about the fact that American athletes
will use vaccines to cover up drug drug
use what's your comment I have seen the
reports that bearing in mind the
preparation of the American athletes to
the Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games
in pinching the centers for disease and
control and prevention in the United
States devised vaccine recommendations
to prevent a wide range of various
infectious diseases well frankly
speaking we are talking about this too
much but we need to understand what's
going on but we see that according to
experts this this number of vaccines
could be used by American athletes who
might have got caught cheating so they
are going to use a loophole in the water
code
there is a sale loophole for this and
particularly the fact that that virus
vaccines are not banned so I would like
to remind you the incident with certain
American athletes who took part in the
Summer Olympics in Beijing their samples
contain data clenbuterol that is banned
in sports since the end of the 20th
century and the doping structures didn't
take it seriously explaining that
athletes ate contaminated food so it
should be emphasized that it's not a
single case and it makes us think that
there is a legal but at the same time
without an illegal basis possibility to
go unpunished for drug use so all the
athletes all the US athletes are being
intentionally guided and they receive
all the necessary support we have given
a good examination to this materials
just to understand what's going on if
you do have any questions yes please yes
yes I'm listening to you I can hear you
yes it's working of the mic it doesn't
work please wait one second yes it works
good I see that there are certain
difficulties maybe hackers are
responsible but what hackers not Russian
I suppose well some well maybe we will
know about it whose hackers they were
spoot occasions semiconservative so this
the question is
new year story maybe you heard me you
heard about the story when one of the
Russian political scientists the
director of Institute of new States was
arrested in Europe in Italy in the New
Year's Eve and he was expelled from
Italy he had Maltese and gained visa he
had a friend of French visa for three
years so she he was traveling to Italy
and the Italian border officer said that
he's been from visiting to Italy and
he's also banned from visiting Poland
well
Poland expelled him from visiting their
territory but he was expelled from
visiting the Schengen surgery so he
decided to return to Russia and after
the New Year's holidays there were
stories about the security station
national about the threats to the
national security and they all use the
same phrase the threat to the national
security so the glass my question is
what should we do with that
because it's quite evident that our
citizens are not terrorists they don't
they're are not involved in drug and
arms trafficking so what's their threat
to the national security because they
says the classic abuse this is abuse or
the phrase threat to national security
so they vile I violate rights of our
people you know it's not abuse it's a
magic stick that changes laws of physics
so European Western colleagues well
since we're talking about the European
Union we should say European colleagues
for many years full they have well
working out the law
on the media they called on the entire
international community to join this
work and this would be quite fair but
they tried to use their high standards
to all the countries without taking into
consideration all the cultural factors
all the national factors so they worked
out quite high standards in the freedom
of speech and they try to use these
principles and criticized all the
countries they didn't try to help this
countries but they criticized and
lectured them
those were the countries who were beyond
the political control the countries that
whose political leadership was trolled
well the countries where instability
should be maintained but now the irony
is that on the one point on the one hand
many countries follow these high
standards in the freedom of speech and
their mass media it's inside their
national media sector they feel the
power of the freedom of speech and they
become world mass media they started
creating infirm information competition
to American media and so on and so forth
and now the situation is when everyone
became equal in the media so today in
the media space it's not necessary to
inject a huge sums of money so that your
voice will be heard it's not necessary
at all all you need is the talent and
fashion ilysm and we have all the
technological means for it and as a
result and the context of this real from
in this real competition from the point
of view of the West colleagues many mass
media companies are losing they are
losing to their I'm talking about the
political elites world mass media now
audience can choose the audience can
choose not only the information that is
given to buy not only by the national
agencies but by the world ones also and
so the political leads now how the
questions how to support our media and
how to expel foreign competitors foreign
media professionals who followed their
highest standards and now they're
professionals for so many years they
invited young journalists from the
post-soviet countries they provided so
much money to support journalism in
Azerbaijan in Armenia in Russia and many
other post-soviet countries so this how
they develop journalism in the world so
so we have the situate the dead that's
in dead end the situation so they took
all the decisions that they wanted to
apply to other countries but now they
need to apply these decisions to
themselves but on the other hand they
says the competition that they created
and some media companies are losing some
media companies are winning and so they
use this magic tool that would legalize
all the restrictions against all the
undesired
mass media companies but also they use
this intro this instrument to provide
guarantees to those companies who are
losing and now they have this magic
phrase national securities there is
nothing behind this phrase particular
particularly when they're using it to
revoke visa to revoke accreditation when
people are denied access when they're
expelled from the country when they
denied the right to have a conversation
with someone this phrase national
security has nothing all this accusation
in the United States in Europe they have
nothing to do with our journalists they
don't provide any explanations what they
mean but this phrase is enough to
instill in their countries and in the
international communities the atmosphere
by saying that they don't want to pose
any restrictions these directions made
in order to guarantee their national
security
so our Western partners believe that
this phrase helps them helps them to
find the solution to the dead-end
situation but I think that the
professional community should discuss
and just reflect on the way how this
issue could be resolved because these
restrictions can be used against anyone
there are people who own the information
Committee of the Union are talking about
the inequality in the media and
traditionally the international
community believed that the material
factor was at false and the world was
calm because the West has had all the
money they had all the TVs and had all
the radios there and the developing
states and other states they are not
involved
in the media competition but nowadays
thanks to the internet thanks to the
information in communication
technologies and communicate other
communication means everyone becomes
becomes an actor of the media space so
on the one hand we have all the
conventions all the official documents
and agreements that it's inappropriate
to involve into the affairs of the press
but at the same time on the other hand
we see that it's impossible to intervene
you know it it looks like an interview I
I it's I'm fooling the same topic
because we're talking not only about
journalists we're talking about
political scientists scientists human
rights activists because this mass media
is becoming bigger because it involves
many people journalists are not the only
actors nowadays and this was the CSIs
that was put forward but by our Western
colleagues for seven years I've I've
heard the same phrase bloggers and
journalists are equal and we're saying
now that loggers have another degree of
responsibility but that's what our
Western colleagues are saying to us but
now they are trapped by their model but
I think that this should be discussed in
the profession in the professional
community
good afternoon
Maryville a demon of enough I'm glad to
see you
what happens if Russia imposes sanctions
and my colleague said that
that you talk about the United States
but there are some other countries so
there are many friends many countries
other than the United States maybe
Russia starts to impose sanctions
against other countries so in Kazakhstan
was a meeting on the Syrian settlement
in summer event was conducted on the
highest level without inviting actors
and what to do you speak about how can
you come and honor the further sanctions
but you speak about journalists we spoke
about these principle of reciprocity and
we speak that now nobody rejected that
but we think that it's just an erroneous
kind of our policy of our Western
partners
yes under the concluding question please
international Bulgarian news agency
distinguished maria vladimirovna first
let us wish and wish you all the best
after the holidays and thank you for
reaching the topic of all these great
date in the history of the Bulgarian
state this is the 140th anniversary of
the liberation of Bulgaria during the
liberation war and this year as you know
Vulgaria resides
in the European Union and we were joking
at home that this presidency was like a
big holiday we intended to come
celebrate it the rest fears when we try
to improve our relations with other
countries and we see anti-russian
rhetoric that is increased in the world
whether it is a revenge of the rest of
the United States for the victory of
Russia in Syria and can we say that the
West became more aggressive and
prohibits small states to develop good
relations with Russia I mean the example
of the recent example of Moldavia don't
speak that it's a small country
the youth president of Moldavia insisted
that he wanted to devour good relations
with Russia I think this concept is not
connected to particular events or
developments it is related to the
doctrine of deterrence and all the fact
that you know made and enumerated
testified to that including the attempts
of Washington to make and exercise
pressure on the countries who are not
have the ability to pursue the
independent polis polished policy so
these relations actually our natural
relations and the relate just to the
similarity of our culture's to the
history to great number of scientific
and cultural contacts
and they started before Syria this
started before the active military
operation in this country it's a started
long before that before the situation in
Ukraine and it's related to the changing
of the position of the weight of Russia
on international arena and it was linked
to the assessment of a number of Western
politicians so it was unwillingness to
accept this concept of multi polar world
and to accept the role not Secura but
rather an independent role of all the
states on the world arena so this is a
part of the concept of deterrence thank
you very much
