a President Putin believes the one and
only way out of the Korean crisis is
dialogue no matter how hard it may seem
the Russian leader gave his view while
talking to a panel of Russian
journalists more gas Jeff was listening
in for us it seemed like a vicious
unbreakable cycle the North launches
ballistic missiles the United States and
South Korea respond with ever more
frequent wargames the North launches
another ballistic missile more war games
but this cycle is now on pause and this
competition between Donald Trump and Kim
jong-un
well Vladimir Putin says that there's a
clear winner Kim jong-un has definitely
won this round he's achieved his
strategic goal he's got a nuclear
payload a long-range missile that can
reach any place that he sees there's an
enemy now he wants to come the situation
he's a well-rounded an intelligent
politician Putin was of course also
asked about the upcoming presidential
elections in Russia he was asked what he
thought about the fact that there are so
many people that want to run as as
candidates and he said well good the
more the more choice that Russians will
have to express themselves so long as it
all happens
according to Russian law and that
there's no outside interference so long
as Russians decide who their next
president will be
he also remarked that the specific
countries certain countries love to
lecture the world others on how to how
to vote and who to vote for yet when the
tables are turned and those same
countries believe that their elections
are being interfered with well they
become very irritated which Vladimir
Putin says is somewhat of a two-faced
approach he also talked about a resonant
topic here in Russia the drone attack in
Syria drone attack on the Russian air
base in Latakia and the port in Tartus
more than a dozen drones were launched
from the Syrian rebel held in Lib these
drones carried small bombs and a number
of them was shot down by the Russians a
number of them were landed several
detonate
an impact but those that survived were
examined that they may have looked
simple but that was largely camouflage
the Russian leader said because they're
incredibly sophisticated advanced from
using satellite guidance to get to their
destination to the bomb release
mechanisms to how the electronic
engineering inside them worked obviously
whoever made them had outside help help
from someone very experienced and
Vladimir Putin says this technology
could now be exported out of Syria there
were provocateurs at play there but it
wasn't the Turks we know who they are as
regard the attacks themselves we have no
doubt they'd been well prepared
beforehand those drones were made to
look makeshift but in actual fact they
clearly contain high-tech elements that
couldn't possibly have been assembled on
the ground in Syria more details are
expected as these drones are further
examined and hopefully we'll hear about
those behind them in the coming weeks
