now if you don't receive many retweets
on Twitter that could be because the
social networks censoring you by
imposing a so-called shadow ban the move
has come to light and the latest
undercover investigation by project for
more on this pretty explosive report
let's cross live to Samira Khan Samira
what else has been revealed quite a big
backlash to be expected presumably
because of this well the social media
giant has presented itself as
politically neutral but Project Merida's
seems to have revealed otherwise now
according to several employees who have
been caught on camera
Twitter reggae a Twitter regulates its
content by controlling what users can
see on their feets now one of Twitter's
policy managers says that the company is
currently developing a system that down
ranks certain users and another employee
says Twitter is trying to ban a certain
way of talking online let's take a look
and who could be negative
Twitter can also apparently dig into its
users profiles and conversation history
to figure out their political leanings
and determine whether or not they should
be banned now when asked who exactly the
algorithms target one employee said that
the majority are Republicans another
issue that came up is Assange s Twitter
page and the fact that it was deleted
without explanation a couple of weeks
ago and although the employee who was
asked about it I gave no particular
explanation he hinted at one possible
reason
well we can't verify if these are indeed
a real Twitter employees and if they are
they could also be lying and we've
requested Twitter's comments but we
haven't heard from them as yet but the
whole issue is definitely something to
investigate further
hmm sorry very salient topic for the day
as well artis Samira Khan that bring us
the latest
