our crew door has granted citizenship to
WikiLeaks chief Julian Assange who's
been holed up in the country's Embassy
in London for over five years now more
on that joined live by NSSA Julian had
to shed some more light at what's been
going on and sseo it was a bit on and
off for a while wasn't that the right
information coming through
seems official now what does this
decision mean for Assange well Dan
unfortunately for Julian Assange it
continues to be quite complicated as
this long-winded saga continues if you
remember rumors were spurred last night
following him tweeting a picture of
himself wearing a t-shirt with the
Ecuadorian national colours stirring
lots and lots of rumors online and in
the press about the possibility of him
potentially having received Ecuadorian
citizenship now tonight we have got a
confirmation of this from the Foreign
Minister of Ecuador
following a press conference where some
of the details but not very many were
laid out for the understanding of all of
those following the case of Julian
Assange here is what the Ecuadorian
Foreign Minister had to say not even
film this naturalization was granted on
the 12th of December 2017 the Ecuadorian
government is empowered to grant
nationality status to the protective
person also the latest that we have is
that the founder of WikiLeaks Julian
Assange does now have Ecuadorian
citizenship in terms of whether or not
this is actually going to open any doors
for him remains to be the big question
here of course as we all remember he has
been holed up inside the Ecuadorian
Embassy in London
fearing coming out onto the street and
leaving the place in fear of being
extradited to the US and the big
question remains what happens in terms
of the British officials reactions who
have been clear over and over again that
if he does walk out of the embassy they
would still arrest him because of him
having breached his bail conditions at
the time of what he initially went into
the embassy so we do know that
Ecuadorian officials have requested that
Britain allow for Julian Assange to have
diplomatic immunity or a diplomatic
status that would lead to diplomatic
immunity and this has been a big no from
the UK who said they're not going to go
ahead with this kind of plan we did hear
from the officials of Ecuador that
they're going to continue and have been
negotiating with Britain still to try to
find a solution as we know also the
foreign minister has said that the
situation with Julian Assange has become
unsustainable and it's time to move his
case along now we here at RT have spoken
to the people in Ecuador
about what they think of his case let's
take a look he does need human rights
and I think that's what the government
will give him there is also a health
issue because we know he's enclosed in a
very small space there are many things
that cross my mind
is he healthy enough to stay there the
best is to use a refugee policy and
supports him in this way well so with
this latest development of Assange being
granted citizenship the all eyes are now
going to be on what it seems the outcome
of these talks between Ecuadorian
officials and officials here in Britain
is going to be because again as we said
he still does face arrest if he does
leave the Ecuadorian embassy obviously
the biggest fear for Julian Assange
continues to be possible extradition to
the US where of course he's wanted for
all the works that WikiLeaks have been
doing in terms of exposing the actions
of the American government and all of
this of course despite the fact that the
initial case carried out by Sweden and
followed by Sweden in terms of sexual
allegations made against him has been
dropped so the reaction there would be
that that would potentially open the
gate for him to have more freedom of
mobility in this whole case but that
hasn't happened obviously of course we
saw bodies such as the United Nations
say that his being holed up inside the
Ecuadorian embassy here in London could
be seen as arbitrary detention so
certainly it's a very complicated case
of course that has been going on for
years and years but it seems that this
is a step forward so we're going to have
to wait and see whether this particular
latest step ends up leading anywhere
Royden answers here should can they're
reporting from London with the latest on
the Julian Assange saga
