british army is trying to keep keep up
with the times by recognizing that his
soldiers have emotional needs here's a
look at how the new approach compares
with the old you're nothing but an
organized grab a stick pieces of
amphibians you will not like me but the
more you hate me the more you will learn
the army is family they told them things
I wouldn't even tell my own family
there's always someone there to talk to
or even just make you laugh
the British Army ad is part of a
campaign to attract a more diverse range
of recruits here you can see the new ads
compared with much older ones a former
UK intelligence officer Philip Ingram
says he doesn't hold out much hope that
the more inclusive approach will boost
the numbers of recruits it was quite
surprised to see these videos that are
coming out I do understand that there's
been market research done suggesting
that they should target more minority
groups but if they can't recruit enough
people from the majority groups that the
British military have traditionally
recruited from I don't see what the
census and targeting these minority
groups I think the whole program and the
advertising campaign is flawed because
they're spending an awful lot of money
on this the British Army spent until
September last year ten million pounds
on its recruiting campaigns but one bad
piece of press from the not looking
after one of their veterans or one of
the current serving soldiers is enough
to undo that 10 million pound campaign
the best people to recruit other
soldiers themselves and if they can come
out with positive stories to say what
what it is that they've achieved their
academic achievements their training
achievements the adventurous activities
that they get involved in the team
spirit that they build up and then they
can take that and reflect whenever they
come back into society again as veterans
and veterans come out with a good
experience of not just how they've been
looked after whenever they've served but
how that set them up to go into civilian
life
