now the UK government's rejected calls
for a better system of checks and
balances to prevent future Prime
Minister's making the same mistakes as
Tony Blair did over Iraq
a special committee argued stricter
investigations should be carried out
before entering the country into any
conflict an inquiry into the war known
as the Chilcott report led to the
establishment of the UK's National
Security Council it deals with all
national security issues coordinates the
activities of the intelligence services
and formulates defense strategy and the
Chilcott report was published in 2016
ruled the UK's military action in Iraq
was not a last resort the Iraqi leader
Saddam Hussein didn't represent an
urgent threat and there was no
undeniable evidence of weapons of mass
destruction being used by the Iraqi
government
Lindsey German from the stop the War
Coalition believes it's easy for the UK
MPs to vote for war but much harder for
them to deal with the consequences
Chilcott was meant to change the whole
way in which these decisions were made
it hasn't been implemented it hasn't
been taken up and I fear that we are
going to get another episode like we've
had with Tony Blair in the past and of
course it shows that this government
just like the play government doesn't
want to be constrained by anybody the
decision to go to war can be taken by a
tiny clique of people around the Prime
Minister with very little democratic
accountability and of course it's very
very easy for these MPs to vote for war
it's much much harder to deal with the
consequences of the war as we've seen in
Iraq and as we as we're still seeing in
Afghanistan and Libya we know that
Theresa May is finding domestic
circumstances very very difficult indeed
at the moment what is easier for
governments like this and to say well
okay we have an enemy abroad and to and
to bolster the case for more
