Ecuador is pushing to resolve the case
of WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange he's
been holed up in the country's London
Embassy for more than five years now and
faces arrest if he leaves now Ecuador's
foreign minister says his country may
seek outside help Laura Smith joins us
live now with all the latest details on
this Laura good to see you tell us more
about what Ecuador is saying so the
Ecuadorian Foreign Minister has come out
and called the situation of Assange
living in the embassy here in London
unsustainable and for the first time she
raised the possibility of as you say
getting in outside help mediation as a
way out here she is
look whether we eat or not but person
can't live in those conditions forever I
must go see it and look we're
considering the option of mediation
we're not with us I don't have said that
could be done via a third country or
individual in walnut sauce no solution
is possible without international
cooperation or without that of the UK
which has expressed interest in finding
one in terms of the UK expressing
interest in finding a way out the
government here has reacted and it's
pretty unswayed it says that the
government of Ecuador knows that the way
to resolve this issue is to have Julian
Assange leave the embassy and face
justice for their part asanas legal team
have welcomed this new initiative
they're saying if the UK wishes to show
that it's a nation that respects its
human rights obligations and its
commitments to the United Nations then
it should elect Assange walk free and
when they refer to the United Nations
they're there talking to about a 2016
ruling by the organisation that Assange
was being held in arbitrary detention
meanwhile the media here is speculating
that what Ecuador really wants is to
push Assange out of the embassy to get
rid of him they are talking about an
incident where Assange clashed with the
Ecuadorian president because of course
his presence in the embassy has not
always been very conducive to their
working environment in September last
year he tweeted in support of the
Catalan separatist movement in Spain of
course Ecuador are allies of Spain
and the ecuadorian president was quite
angered by that he tweeted at julian
assange that he should stay out of
commenting on the issues of Ecuador's
allies as long as of course didn't take
that lying down here he is if president
morena wants to gag my reporting of
human rights abuses in Spain he should
say so explicitly together with the
legal basis there are other issues at
play here as well several days ago the
Ecuadorian foreign minister also said
that Assad his health situation is very
delicate staying inside for five and a
half years will do that to a person she
added that he is receiving medical help
but there was only a certain amount of
help that he can receive from inside the
embassy he really needs to go to a
hospital and that's something that's
been said about him for quite some time
now
she reconfirmed though that Ecuador is
guaranteeing his protection he has been
living in the embassy in Knightsbridge
here in London for five and a half years
now since 2012 and there have been
several key moments during that time not
the least of which was last year when
Swedish prosecutors said that they were
dropping their investigation into rape
allegations that he had faced people
thought possibly that he would then be
able to leave the embassy but the police
here reiterated that if he does set foot
outside the embassy he will be arrested
for being in breach of his original bail
conditions and WikiLeaks has always
voiced fears that he would then be
requested for extradition by the United
States so at this moment he still lives
in a small office inside the Ecuadorian
Embassy which has kept being converted
into rudimentary living quarters and
several months ago Ecuadorian officials
said that they were going to call on the
UK to guarantee him safe passage to
Ecuador but that's something that the UK
as we just heard doesn't seem to be any
closer to doing so for now
despite this little bit of movement
Hajis fate still hangs very much in the
balance and it's very unclear who or
which country might step forward and
offer to be that mediator
there are Smith they're speaking to his
live from London thanks for those
details Laura
