North Korea and South Korea have held
their first official talks in over two
years the negotiations took place in the
demilitarized zone between the two
countries the two sides agreed on the
participation of North Korean athletes
in the South Korean Olympics they also
discussed the potential reunification of
families separated by the Korean War and
in a significant breakthrough the two
Koreas agreed on talks between
high-level army officials in order to
avoid dangerous military incidents so
that you have two points of view one is
they're buying time to perfect military
capability their nuclear capability the
other is that they are self-confident
enough now they're accepted in a nuclear
power they can then become acting as a
normal state and start negotiating with
other states Kim jong-un is one North
Korea has won the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea's won now I think this
is very very welcome news that there is
a constructive dialogue going on between
the two Koreas and I hope something
comes of it I mean that when all said
and done the political Arrangements on
the peninsula between the two countries
are paramount here and if they're
talking I think that leaves a lot less
room for other countries notably the
United States to complain about things I
think really everyone benefits here it's
very hard to say who benefits most I
suppose in one sense it is North Korea
because if there were a new war on the
Korean Peninsula it is true North Korea
but it could be entirely destroyed I'm
not sure South Korea would be even
though it would suffer great devastation
so if your talk about total destruction
as opposed to very serious harm in South
Korea
I suppose in that sense the North has
gained more but look for South Korea
North Korea China Russia Japan the
United States if we can keep on to this
track it would be a big win for
everybody the latest talks follow months
of escalation in rhetoric and
sabre-rattling between North Korea and
the United States however the South
Korean president says Donald Trump
deserves credit for making the talks
possible let's take a quick look back at
the kind of diplomacy that according to
Trump himself eventually led to this
dialogue
totally destroy North Korea that's
called the military option the nuclear
and ballistic missile programs of that
regime require a determined response
little rocket man is a sick puppy
a lot of people have said a lot of
people have written that without my
rhetoric and without my tough stance and
it's not just a stance I mean this is
this is what has to be done if it has to
be done that they wouldn't be talking
about Olympics that they wouldn't be
talking right now
