the united states debate is heating up
over a migration initiative aimed at
protecting young illegal migrants also
known as the dreamers Donald Trump says
he's ready to approve a law on them
however only on certain conditions truly
should be a bill of love and we can do
that but it also has to be a bill where
we're able to secure our border drugs
are pouring into our country at a record
pace so in order to secure it we need a
wall deferred action for childhood
arrivals also known as daca is a program
created under the Obama administration
it gives a temporary right to live study
and work to those illegally brought as
children to America now US lawmakers
have two months to turn daca into law
the daca initiative has of late being
used by Democrats as a tool to accuse
Trump of violating migrants rights but
recent revelations make it look like the
debate is not so much about moral
principles would rather about votes and
support bases the media is now sharing a
memo written by the former director of
communications for Hillary Clinton's
presidential campaign the fight to
protect dreamers is not only a moral
imperative it's also a critical
components of the Democratic Party's
future electoral success if Democrats
don't try to do everything in their
power to defend dreamers that would
jeopardize Democrats electoral chances
in 2018 and beyond political analyst Jon
hajar is unimpressed by the way the
dreamers issue is being used to score
political points politics has become
very cynical in the in the US and you
know I think that it's a somewhat of a
dirty game we know that the left
immigration from a very cynical
perspective they have very wealthy
interests that rely on a constant flow
cheap labor and also they need the votes
and then they're against any of the
reforms that President Trump and the
Republicans have been pressing for
