janeshia has been engulfed in violent
protests with thousands rallying against
rising prices unemployment and tax hikes
police used tear gas to disperse
protesters who had been burning tires
and hurling stones the unrest erupted
around the same time as the
demonstrations in Iran but has largely
gone unnoticed
Arty's Middle East correspondent Paulus
Lea has more
well these protests in Tunisia started
after the new year and they came in
reaction to the Tunisian government
introducing a new budget plan for 2008
that included amongst other things a
rise in fuel prices and text hikes the
response from the Tunisian street was
one of anger and what we've seen is
protests taking place in several dozen
cities around the country with the
result that one person has been killed
and several people have been injured now
it is familiar as you mentioned two
protests happening in another country
namely Iran what you essentially have
here are two countries with protests
taking place on the street by people who
are unhappy with the economic situation
the root of it is just economics it's
the problem of youth unemployment I
personally haven't been able to find a
job for a long time but if people have a
job they don't have any problem with the
government the following suspend the
2018 finance law return to the original
prices of goods and hire one member from
every poor family these are in short our
demands the rise in petrol prices this
time is huge we have a lot of problems
and have to pay a lot of fines it's
unacceptable that we pay for this
government mistakes we are protesting
here because of high prices and
unemployment will reject the growth in
these and we have been subjected to
violence by security agents now the
Tunisian Prime Minister has said that
there is no place for violence and these
sentiments echo the words that were used
by Iran's leader what happened yesterday
is a violation of the law since the
state of emergency has been declared in
Tunisia these protests are the result of
operations that aim to Raviv social
unrest we are a free nation and
according to the Constitution and she
rights that people are absolutely free
to criticize the government and even
protest but their protest should be in
such a way as to aim to improve the
situation in the country we the
government will definitely not tolerate
some protesters who want to destroy
public property or disrupt public
discipline and create turmoil in society
Western leaders for example the French
president micron and the EU High
Representative on dem the Iranian
protests even have the American
president Donald Trump calling for
regime change
Iran is failing at every level despite
the terrible deal made with them by the
Obama administration the great Iranian
people have been repressed for many
years they are hungry for food and for
freedom along with human rights the
wealth of Iran is being looted time for
change but when it comes to the current
protests that are taking place in
Tunisia well here they've kept mum now
it might be that Tunisia was the first
country back in 2011 at the start of the
Arab Spring to asked a dictator in a
move that was widely approved by the
Western world as being one of Democratic
Change but since then there have been no
less than nine government's in place in
Tunisia all of whom have been unable to
get a handle on the economic situation
the question of course is whether or not
we'll see these cause for regime change
and condemnation and criticism against
Tunisia like we've seen for example
against Iran sociology professor Saeed
Sadiq told us instability in Iran is
always exaggerated by the US government
and media Tunisia is on the
Mediterranean it's a small country not
many people know about it in inside
American society in Iran too many in
America have been in the enemy I mean a
major enemy and a major obstacle for
American policy in the Middle East since
its revolution 1979 in the case of Iran
they are very happy to look at any small
that happens or any small POTUS to
inflate it in the media to look as if
this is the end of the regime so it is
totally different approach in covering
Tunisia and the Iranian protest totally
different
