hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
US President Donald Trump took center
stage at the United Nations this week
the Middle East was very much on his
mind particularly Iran for some sitting
in the General Assembly Trump's words
were simply laughable however what is
happening in the Middle East and beyond
is anything but funny
crosstalking Iran and the Middle East
I'm joined by my guest come out alam in
london he is a military analyst and in
new york we cross the rosebay al-abadi
he is a partner at global growth
advisors international strategic
consultancy group
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate
let me go to Rose Bay in New York first
I'm sure you saw Donald Trump's a speech
to the United Nations much much of it
had to do with Iran and how Donald Trump
sees the world we all do know that in
the General Assembly diplomats heads of
states
well found some of his commentary funny
they laughed okay a short montage of
what he had to say using his words here
Iran's leaders so chaos death and
disruption Saudi Arabia the king and
Crown Prince are pursuing bold new
reforms and Israel proudly celebrates
its 70th anniversary as a thriving
democracy that created a lot of giggles
and smiles what was he trying to say is
this a path towards conflict because
we're gonna talk later in the program
about how the Europeans are trying to
move away from the dollar system by
creating its own Swift system and we can
talk about what's going on in Syria what
happened in that speech is it has any
meaning consequence in your mind go
ahead in New York
Peter you write the president I think he
kind of mixed up his audience because he
started his talk by again as a
self-center individual that he is and I
think he thought that he was talking to
it to his constituents somewhere in West
Virginia rather than to a global body so
what we start with the president he came
out and he said his administration has
done much more than any other
administration in history of the United
States and if you can make German
diplomats laugh you are really doing
something wrong particularly on ung a
United Nations General Assembly of the
United States had very very harsh words
for Eve on just that morning the
president of the Unites tweeted and
mr. rouhani runyan president lovely man
and then few hours later he acted on the
center stage of the u.s. also I have to
say the numbers that the president throw
out in particular with the numbers of
employment was wrong we did not lose
that many jobs as he said it to China we
lost it to automation here in the United
States and he he gave some really in a
way wrong assessments about the global
politics he also further furthermore
Peter introduced a new doctrine let's
call it the Trump doctrine he called it
the replacing the doctrine of
globalization with the doctrine of if
you will patriotism whatever that means
and you also talked about he also talked
about yet really the nice words for the
North Korean leader and that was kind of
surprising so all in all the GPA of his
political GPA of his if you will ung a
speech was a was a big F and it was not
good for American leadership and
certainly was not good for it for the
executive branch having this kind of a
show on a thinner stage of the United
States come on I think Rose Bay makes a
really good point I think the Trump
always mistakes a large crowd for who
want to have his about rallies and in
his base here like come on one of the
things I found rather peculiar to be in
the extreme is that Trump talked at
great length about the importance of
sovereignty then turns around and asked
the whole world to destroy the
sovereignty of a sovereign state the
sovereign state of Iran I mean it was
intensely contradictory how can you talk
about defending one country's
sovereignty when crimeny destroy
another's go ahead in London yes there
was definitely speech full of
contradictions but specifics I would
regards to Iran and sovereignty of other
nations that it makes no sense one could
see that there's a path that the
Americans and the Trump are laying out
and they laid it out there against Iran
later on the repeater that
in the unc council that he chaired it
doesn't make any sense and if anything
what he's doing is he's isolating even
the closest american allies who you
could see them cringing in their seats
you could see people feeling very
uncomfortable about the language trump
was using because the european specially
are moving towards a different path
towards Iran and it's it's not looking
good for the US with regards to
international organizations whether it
be the UN NATO the World Bank all of
them are now looking the other way
because the u.s. is saying things which
no one is happy with okay well I'm glad
you brought that up about allies here
nikki Haley was on the Fox News Channel
trying to explain how the United States
is dealing with its allies easily Iran
and her take on it I think will be very
different from what you gentlemen will
think and our audience let's listen to
what she had to say the European Union
has this so wrong and it's all because
of their ego and their pride you've got
a Miss mogherini who helped get this
deal together she's trying to hold a
deal together because she did it but
she's not looking out for the best
interests of the European country I mean
so nikki Haley is looking after the best
interest of Europe I guess that's what
she's trying to mean ego and pride I
think again those two words are
misplaced on the wrong people in the
wrong country is this show how much the
United States particularly in the Trump
administration in its in its foreign
policy is out of step with the world I
mean this they're trying to develop a
special purpose vehicle that will be
include the European Union Russia and
China this is all at the expense of the
US dollar that is really the key to
American global dominance without the
dollar it's a different game go ahead
Rose Bay in New York well Peter is a
long-term that's going to be the case in
the long term there's 800 on financial
gorillas that is being controlled by
United States it's not going to be in
place it's going to be replaced with
other financial mechanism but let's talk
about the short term first of all I
think
ambassador Halley and others in the
White House and particular Trump
administration door furious over and not
what the Europeans are doing they
thought by leaving the Avanti or jcpoa
will fall apart it has not thus far now
let's take a look at what the Europeans
are doing the Europeans are following
what the international community has
committed to do the same international
community the same UN Security Council
that the United States voted to if you
will enact a if you will the Security
Council resolution 2231 which again
president France very much so overtly
violated it back in May but let's go
back to this financial mechanism if we
look at it in the short term the
Europeans are trying to help you on but
in the long term well the United States
has done through the mechanism of
sanction and punishment in a frankly a
unilateral manner it has in a way
diverted the attention of its closest
allies since the Second World War going
at the UK but looking at France and
we're looking at Germany to go together
with the Americans will call it strange
bedfellows such as Russia and China to
find a mechanism to in a way reduce the
influence of if you will this 800-pound
gorilla so the bigger signal is the Iran
deal and if you will the jcpoa is
becoming a prelude for the world to
diversify away its financial making them
from Washington and from frankly frankly
New York a financial problem that's so
perfectly put come out you know one of
the things again one of the ironies that
yeah Donald Trump wants a new deal of
some sort with Iran and the Iranians
will come to him but at the same time
he's demonizing a government that he
says he's willing to sit down and talk
to
he's demonizing a government that he'd
like to see overthrown I mean that is a
galling contradiction go ahead in London
yes absolutely any talk of a New Deal is
unlikely to go down well even in the
European capitals because however flawed
the deal might be all the European
countries supports it and it's working
we have
quite a few heads of states even
yesterday say that Iran is sticking to
their side of the bargain there is no
need to finish this deal and we see the
u.s. is also putting pressure on
countries like India Japan and even
Turkey not to do business with Iran but
again if anything else it's backfiring
because even Turkey is moving extremely
close to Iran on loads of business deals
and Turkey is a good example where a
NATO member which is feeling more and
more isolated within NATO and is now
feeling closer to Russia and Iran with
regards to the Middle East but also
business and with respect to the dollar
a lot of countries are now deciding to
trade in their local currencies China is
trading in the yuan and most of South
Asia and East Asia so it's a recurrent
theme all over the world's the more the
US pushes or rather more Trump pushes
against institutions and countries the
more it seems to go against them New
York with you I mean we're gonna in the
second part of the program I want to
talk about Syria but I've come out
already mention it it is quite
interesting and I'm glad you have a
historical perspective here we had we
have now a deal that Turkey and Russia
made visa vie Syria to deal with it lib
and we'll talk about the s-300s but that
deal was made with a member of NATO and
Russia without the United States
involved that is something new we
haven't seen something like that before
so you even within the Alliance the
United States is not being able to
control all of its members go ahead in
New York you're right Peter first of all
I think the deal that has taken place
right now and if you look at vegetate
Oregon or frankly anybody else in the
region they realize that politics and
international presidental day is local
they are in that location so what the
Turks are worried about is they're
worried about the refugees frankly what
even Germany is worried about is worried
about the refugees and if this if you're
world war will not be contained we're
gonna have a problem at the end of the
day what we have to realize that through
Syria the jus politics of the region has
been changing the chapter is changing is
moving away from this long 7 year civil
war into a period of hopefully
stabilization and reconstruction in
that space what we were seeing from
Ankara what we're seeing in Moscow and
Tehran and frankly elsewhere they're
saying we want to be part of that future
dialogue and that's why we're seeing in
a way realignment of interest and
Turkey's leading to charge on that
rightly so okay gentlemen way to go to a
short break and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on Iran
and the Middle East State welcome back
to crosstalk where all things are
considered on Peter Lebel to remind you
we're discussing Iran and the Middle
East
okay let me go back to Kemal in London
here
I guess I'll use an American phrase what
I'm sure you'll understand it is there a
new sheriff in the Middle East because
we have the situation of a ttle shooting
down of a Russian plane and the Russians
put blame on the Israelis for it the
s-300 anti-missile system is being a
deployed there Syria's wanted that for a
long time and it was after this dreadful
incident that the Russia finally agreed
how much has this changed the game on
the ground or in the air as it were go
ahead in London I mean it's a
significant change and it just goes to
show you the trajectory of the Middle
East over the last two years since
Russian intervention in Syria Russia is
definitely the biggest diplomatic player
not just in Syria but in the Middle East
as a whole to give you an example the
Turkish are buying Russian defence
systems Qataris are the Saudis are even
the Egyptians are but the s-300 going
back to Syria means everything changes
in the air because Syria which had a
very weak air defense system which kept
getting attacked by Israelis almost on a
daily basis will now be able to stand up
to the Israelis and effectively makes it
extremely difficult for these Raley's to
attack Syria because effectively that
means they're going to attack the
Russian air defense system so the
Israelis have made a colossal mistake in
downing the aircraft which they say is
an accident you know Rose Bay in New
York you know you have to think that the
Russians and the Syrians are doing
something like right when John Bolton
you know goes nuclear about it because
he's furious by that decision by his
logic it is a destabilizing decision I
that counterintuitive thing it is a most
stabilizing thing that could happen
to avoid having this war continuing and
to spread I think it was a remarkable a
political military and diplomatic move
go ahead in New York right Peter first
of all I think what the Russians did was
a political move the cell of the s-300
and they mean let me elaborate on that a
few weeks ago or near this
month we saw that the Russian plane was
shot down by the Syrian forces because
they thought it was a Israeli playing
trying to go after the Iranian target
this is a complexity we were dealing
with in Syria what the Russians decided
to do is a purely a political move and
here's the reason why
deploying as 300 Russians are containing
a potential danger and friction point
between the Iranians and the Israelis in
a Syrian geography that's purely what
the Russians are after the Russians want
to de-escalate the situation the goal is
not to put anyone on offensive mode or
defensive mode and they decided the best
way to do it is this way which would
need into this new chapter the new
chapter is if the Israelis decide to
take any unilateral actions against
Iranians in Syria they will probably
think twice or they probably will not do
it or probably discuss it with the
Russians so that is called the
de-escalation mechanism all in all I
think that's what the Russians are did
it and mr. Bolton I don't think it's a
barometer for Russians thinking or
frankly Russians satisfaction when it
comes to this issue so Moscow made a
strategic political decision by selling
the s-300 it was not a military decision
and I think it was a long-term wise
decision and it was a long-term game
that the Moscow played in Syria you know
come on come on you know you're a
military expert do you think the
Israelis will test this missile system
it that is a being a setup in in Syria
do you think that they're gonna go that
far there they get a probe what do you
think I think we'll be very careful and
highly unlikely that they'd go having
said that the Israelis always test the
limits of all the norms of war and they
go to the extremes the Syrians have been
trying to get the s-300 for almost 10
years and one of the key reasons it
didn't get it was the Israelis were able
to convince Moscow that don't give the
Syrians s-300 as I said even before the
war because they know the s-300 was a
game-changer in the region so that's why
I think it's significant and for the
Israelis to still go after targets in
Syria it becomes extremely difficult and
for them to test it will actually
be quite a task because they will be
putting their pilots in grave danger was
banned in New York do you think now
because it was you know everybody has
their red lines when it comes to Syria
and when the prior to the the deal that
they Russia and Turkey made there was a
lot of noise coming out of Washington
actually than the the British and the
French and even the Germans or even
thing about parlaying in this here does
this change this now because if they're
not gonna be able to use air strikes to
support their groups and we can leave
leave it unspoken what their friends are
in manator living around I mean do you
think that this is another move where
they're gonna actually consider stop
supporting these groups here and
actually find a conciliation point where
these terrorists can be moved out where
they go I don't know that's everyone's
biggest nightmare and but the I'm
skeptical of the deal that the deal with
Turkey it has to get some legs for me to
really believe in it because Turkey has
a lot of culpability and a lot of
responsibility just defuse the situation
in Italy because you know I've used the
word sovereignty in this program many
times well Syria is a sovereign country
and it wants sovereign control and once
it live is taken care of then the
Americans must leave Syria because
they're not that they're not invited
there they're there illegally under
international law go ahead in New York
sure Peter I think Italy is a
strategically politically and frankly
geographically the mass rebel-held
location in region in Syria and it would
mark the end of the civil war in Syria
however I do not believe at this point
certain actors in the region as well as
Tel Aviv and Washington would like to
see the end to here's the problem if you
will conflict so what they try to do is
they try to shy the damascus moscow on
quran tehran from making an attack and
we saw president from ironically thanked
the iranians turks and Syrians and the
Russians for for their position and edit
but bottom line is this nutrition cannot
be contained this way on the other hand
we have a humanitarian catastrophe
any type of conflict could make could
probably leading to a 1 to 1.5 million
refugees moving north towards the
Turkish borders so all you know I think
what the the challenge for Moscow for
uncle Rock or Damascus in Tehran will be
to find a way to in a way separate from
the the regional actors in the GCC
countries and as well as Tel Aviv and
Washington to find a way to come with
some sort of a peace process with them
and if it doesn't happen we will see
some sort of offensive action and I
think it is not best to the interests of
everyone but if you look at the texts
from a Twitter 30,000 feed Peter the
biggest the most important thing is
right now Washington Tel Aviv and GCC
actors would like to drag this conflict
using ad lib that is not to the best
interest of Syria and I think what
that's what that is the point that
Moscow Ron and others are advocating you
know the Kamali one of the interesting
caveats is that Russia is the only
country they can talk to almost every
single actor in this conflict here and
you've seen it ceasefire attempts were
then but other parties didn't want to
see a ceasefire with the s-300s here
Syria literally has its own sovereignty
within its grasp does this say send a
signal to outsiders to stop supporting
their proxies because eventually
ultimately it's a lost cause and I've
mentioned before on this program the
u.s. is there without a mission it's
searching for a mission but if we have
the regional players and I'm talking
about Riyadh as well and the Israelis
Israelis you know they owe the Russians
right now okay this is an interesting
moment an interesting diplomatic opening
that could possibly be pushed forward
because if airstrikes from abroad are
off the table now maybe there'll be
cooler thinking what do you think
absolutely because if you look at
diplomatic maneuvers as you said they've
been able to talk to every side in this
conflict whether it's the Israelis the
Turks various Syrian groups the Syrian
government of course and all the other
Arab League nations as well so the s-300
basically means the serenity of the
Syrian Arab Republic is restored and
this is something the Russian said they
were here to do they want to support the
state institutions of Syria which is a
legitimate recognized government in the
United Nations with more than half of
the Arab League also having their
embassies and ambassadors and this is
important because a lot of people in the
UN and NATO keeps saying the Syrian
government is not a government it's a
regime it's a government and even within
the Arab League more than half of the
ambassadors are in Damascus
so that means Syria government has
recognized as a state and the Russians
have helped them in the international
level and diplomatic scene the Chinese
have also come in so the Indians two
Brazilians a South African which
completes the BRICS troika so the s-300
I think is a final let's say sentence
that says the Syrian serenity is back
slowly but surely their military is also
rebuilding while by other countries and
proxies will think twice before
attacking a country which sits in the UN
table back in New York and soonish upon
Iran here we had Trump's personal lawyer
Giuliani Rudy Giuliani attending AME K
meeting that in New York as well a group
that wants to see the illegal overthrow
of the government in around the United
States is a really big supporter of in
almost every single way is this and with
either sanctions and all of this I mean
is do you think ultimately the Trump
administration will attempt some kind of
regime change within because they're
non-stop talking about Iran I mean they
have a Iran on their brain
one minute Rose Bay in New York go ahead
a short answer is I don't think so
unfortunately everything that has come
out of mr. Trump's mouth and his
national security advisers and Secretary
of State has been tactical groups the
latest example of that is
the State Department coming up with the
publication called the outlaw regime it
is nothing but if you will a think tank
based ideology of Iranians or Iran
activities are bad but that is another
strategy so at this time however I do
not see a strategy behind this response
if you will a team what I do see is the
vacancy of not having a strategy could
get us into very dangerous Krantz
air-ground and those dangerous grounds
could lead into unintended are
unintended consequences that would be a
hot conflict I hope it doesn't happen
that way but I just need too many
tactics no strategy and that is
precisely the danger Peter yeah a good
example of that is keeping American
troops in serious some kind of
contingency plan waiting for a strategy
to be hatched very very good point
gentlemen we have run out of time many
thanks to my guests in London and in New
York and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
