and as Trump and the US media do battle
over fake news one piece of
misinformation has caused a laugh on
American social media a man called
hunter Fisher was giving an interview to
a local TV channel the journalists there
didn't believe he had given his real
name here's how he describes what
happened he stopped me randomly in the
crowd and at the end of the interview he
asked for my name and for me to spell it
out which I did and he kind of had a
little bit of a look of disbelief but
with all the festivities and how crazy
it was I left pretty rapidly I got
interviewed and I knew that I would get
my 5 seconds of fame on TV so I was
scouting the internet looking for the
shot and when I pulled it up it it said
Benjamin Holcomb instead of my name and
so I was a little bit confused and
decided to take it screenshot of it and
put it on the Internet I wasn't as
insulted as as much as I thought it was
funny
my name has always kind of been a
talking point with all my friends and
family and yeah you could probably guess
that my mother definitely has a good
sense of humor for deciding that that
would be a good name it's a catchy name
but I'm uh
I wasn't insulted I thought it was kind
of funny
Fisher later shared his story on Twitter
with friends what he didn't know if it
would it would go viral and prompt well
a fair amount of online giggles
it kind of blew up way fast I was not
expecting it at all
like I said it really was just for my
friends who kind of knew me and knew my
name was obscure my small group of
friends really and then when it took off
it happened fast my phone was buzzing
off the hook with notifications I was
googling it and found it on a lot of
different sites and I never ever
anticipated my 5 seconds of fame on a
smaller news network - now this
interview on Russia television
