the US National Security Advisor has his
knives act for the new year with a call
to reveal what he describes as insidious
Russian meddling HR McMaster here says
that pulling back the curtain might be a
vital first step to prevent further
interference the Russian blaming trend
hit full throttle almost a year ago with
the release of a US intelligence report
that kept the momentum going throughout
arguably the biggest story of 2017 was
Russia it was on the lips of world
leaders and politicians but this wasn't
always the case
this was Obama's analysis of the country
back in 2014 Russia is a regional power
that is threatening some of its
immediate neighbours not out of strength
but out of weakness regional power
weakness well that was the past in the
last year we've seen Russia propelled to
be the greatest threat on the planet in
the words of the former FBI chief what
kind of threat do you believe Russia
presents to our democratic process given
what you know about Russia's behavior of
late well certainly that in my view the
greatest threat of any nation on earth
well here's how it all began On January
6th of last year US intelligence
agencies issued a report saying that
Russia had tried to influence our
elections we assess Russian President
Vladimir Putin ordered an influence
campaign in 2016 aimed at the u.s.
presidential election Russia's goals
were to undermine public faith in the US
democratic process denigrate Secretary
Clinton and harm her electability and
potential presidency we further assess
Putin and the Russian government
developed a clear preference for
president-elect Trump now the authors of
the report at the time said they had
high confidence in their judgments a few
pages later they explained exactly what
they meant by high confidence with a
little disclaimer high confidence
generally indicates that judgments are
based on high quality information from
multiple sources high confidence does
not imply that the assessment is fact or
a certainty such judgments might be
wrong well after the report the word got
around that blaming Russia was now a
thing and that opened the floodgates in
2017 hardly an election went by in
Europe without Russia being accused of
meddling Russia
is the balanced disrupter covert effort
in 2016
covert disruptor part of our
responsibility is to educate the rest of
the world about what's going on in the
United States Germany France Netherlands
Montenegro
from hacking into the Danish defence
ministry to trying to meddle in the
maltese elections russia has had a truly
diverse collection of accusations thrown
at it
russia is accused of influencing the
brexit vote through social media
probably yeah sure I believe all of this
it's Russia they're crazy Russia was
accused of intervening in the French
election yeah you know what I believe
that too
the German election sure all right
Catalonia separatism yeah yeah I believe
that too I'll take all of them how about
sending BOTS after a Star Trek star
trying to take him down with sexual
allegations Star Trek no Star Wars I
would believe I have my doubts about
BOTS so I would say no they were
actually accused of that and that was oh
good Russia hacked into the US Irish and
British power grids fake Russia was
influencing the brexit vote through
social media
fake Russia hacked into Catalonia
separatism and was promoting Catalonia
separatism in Spain real how about
buying ads on social media in order to
influence US public opinion yeah yeah
why not they got the budget actually all
of those allegations were levelled
against Russia do you believe that do
you think that they're actually doing
these kind of things from what the 17 US
intelligence agencies indicate than the
strong possibility that they did I feel
like it's just hype cell news to sell
newspapers people will just run with one
story and then put it on everything else
at least we showed New Yorkers is
dwarfed from an actual file of things
that Russia has been accused of it turns
out that if you point the finger at the
Kremlin you can find a convenient
scapegoat for almost any trouble that
you're dealing with caleb Maupin RT New
York
