I liked beer still like beer it's been
reported by the press that you would not
submit to an interview with the
committee because of your fear of flying
how did you get to Washington in a
airplane reporters were sitting outside
of my home and trying to talk to my dog
through the window cherish your friends
look out for your friends
lift up your friends love your friends
what you want to do is destroy this
guy's life hold this seat open and hope
you win in 2020 you said that this is
the most unethical sham since I've been
in politics and if you really wanted to
know the truth you sure as hell wouldn't
have done what you've done to this guy
boy y'all want power god I hope you
never get it I hope the American people
can see through this sham you had no
intention of protecting dr. for none
she's as much of a victim as you are
you're looking for a fair process you
came to the wrong town at the wrong time
my friend this is going to destroy the
ability of good people to come forward
because of this crap all this nonsense
is coming out you know down in gangs I'm
on boats in Rhode Island I mean it's a
Colorado these things are printed and
run breathlessly by cable news none of
these allegations are true correct no
doubt in your mind zero I'm 100% certain
not even a scintilla not a scintilla
100% certain senator you swear to God
I swear to God so I had
you
