I'm asked a sir this is the Kaiser
report happy Orthodox Christmas you know
a lot of people win massive shopping
over the holidays and apparently they're
suffering a big debt hangover as always
Stacey yes of course it's an Orthodox
Christmas today and that's why you look
like a Christmas present there because
that is not at new shankha and I want to
bring that up because Moscow today while
we record this is 36 degrees Raleigh
where we are is 23 degrees this isn't
Fahrenheit
and this should not be the case we
should not be having polar vortexes or
vortices or whatever however you plural
all the time yeah the vort i well we
shouldn't have it because we don't have
schanke's here we're not allowed a
shortcut that big forehead you're we're
in Moscow yes your ears warm yeah their
brain cogitating it's the great flipping
the Moscow on the Hudson is slipping you
know Moscow has become a tropical New
York's becoming Moscow Ihnen it's
freezing up there it's warm over there
it's part of this vortex in New Age you
mentioned flipping of course that is a
term that has been used in the
cryptocurrency community everybody was
waiting for ether or aetherium and the
other currencies to overtake Bitcoin
over the Christmas and New Year holidays
Bitcoin did as a share of the percentage
of the overall crypto currency market
fault in an all-time low and that was on
the news that etherion was working on
the crypto ruble so this was one of the
things that drove a theory I'm quite
high of crypto ruble is coming and there
will be a flipping but it will probably
be ripple ripple is the anti Bitcoin
it's everything that Bitcoin isn't it's
ripple it's the friend of Jamie Dimon
coin it's a friend of big business coin
it's centralization versus
decentralization meanwhile over there in
Russia Vladimir Putin and his team at
the Kremlin are thinking about taking
this Aryan blocking it hard fork in it
and doing that ruble coin is this
important of course it is because
they're gonna bypass sanctions and
therefore all attempts by
the centralization of the American
government and the u.s. dollar is for
naught I think you got too much Sun in
little bit anyway so of course over the
Christmas break everybody purchased a
lot of goods for gifts that they
actually couldn't afford so these
headlines go together and it tells an
interesting story for 2018 paying down
Christmas debt how long will it take
this is from Misha buck and he provides
this chart consumer credit outstanding
going back to 1968 the red line on the
bottom is the revolving credit like
credit card debt that hit a trillion
dollars in the past year but the yellow
line is non revolving debt which is
things like student loans auto loans
mortgages and you could see that is
soared now the thing that he points out
on this chart though that's quite
interesting is 1971 August 1971 when
Nixon took us off the gold standard
which allowed for a lot of the debt
we're gonna go deeper into that with
another chart he provides in a moment
but what do you say about all of this
debt that Americans have they added an
average of 1054 dollars in debt over
Christmas to being debt is to express
your true self as an American and a part
of the Western consumption culture card
debt is by definition your identity your
credit score is who you are
and when you combine social media as
they're doing in China any time you step
out of line if you spit on the subway
your social media index is degraded and
your cost of funds goes higher and you
get deeper into the casino gulag
remember we're entering into the era of
the casino gulag where people are glued
to their virtual reality goggles playing
video games all day for credits on
shopping and if they fall out of line
they get an electric shock up their
string spinning and it hurts really bad
but it teaches them don't try to escape
the casino gulag it's happening in China
it'll be happening in America it's
already been around in the UK for a
hundred years but nobody's really
noticed because nobody pays any
attention to the UK actually I did see
over the break some journalists a woman
from America who was travelling by train
from Beijing
or something like that and she mentioned
that over the loudspeaker there was a an
announcement comes every half hour so
that if you break any rules of traveling
on the train that it will affect your
credit score your social credit score
that's exactly what I'm talking about
social credit score tied into massive
surveillance and billions of
surveillance cameras are coming to warp
you our personality behavior and
character so that you never stop
thinking about clicking on ads so Mark
Zuckerberg is hey let's face it he's the
Antichrist so you're saying that ad
blockers for example if you use an ad
blocker so that you could freely browse
the internet without having ads prop on
you that lowers your credit score they
love that kind of thing so talking about
debt let's look at the numbers that we
have here bouncing back from these
purchases won't come quickly only half
of those surveyed expected to repay the
debt within three months others 29% so
they need more than five months to pay
off their Christmas debts often leading
to interest on the credit card debt and
growing balances in fact 10% of the
people who took on holiday debt said
they will only be able to make minimum
payments on credit cards if the shopper
spent one thousand and fifty four
dollars and paid a minimum of
twenty-five dollars each month he or she
would be paying down that balance until
2023 so the debt that they've incurred
10 percent of these people will not be
able to pay it off until 2023 they'll
never pay it up because it'll be
intergenerational it'll be passed on to
your heirs it'll go on for perpetuity
there'll be no end to it the thing that
we will leave as a society is debt the
Egyptians are the great pyramids we've
got the great credit cards you know
unlike ancient civilizations of the past
with their great monuments and temples
the only thing we'll have our landfills
and credit cards you know essentially
leaving behind and so in alien
civilizations show up and whatever they
do show up finally when it's safe to
come to this toxic orb they'll say oh my
god it's safe to go there because all
the people who ran up all that
DET Ã¤r now you know done so it's a good
thing of course to see that in 2018 max
is not stopped with his doom and gloom
about the toxic nature of everything
just so you were worried but of course
speaking of this average debt of 1054
dollars a lot of people by the way in
the new year at American Airlines at
Southwest Airlines at various companies
amount around America have announced
that they're giving $1,000 bonus to
every single employee including
part-time employees because of the tax
cuts so yeah and john d rockefeller gave
kids dimes on the street while he was
plundering the economy and you know
rapaciously destroying any underpinnings
of a sound economy here kid have a dime
yeah cash this nickel between your teeth
be my friend you know so what they give
$1,000 it's gonna go immediately down to
pay off their Visa or MasterCard they're
not let's say buy Bitcoin they're doomed
going back to this chart that mich had
highlighted that debt has exploded since
1971 when Nixon took America off the
gold standard and thus took the entire
world off the gold standard by the way I
did buy some gold over Christmas I'm
going long gold again just so you know I
think it's a just full disclosure
regarding this headline so he's explains
the credit binge and he says the
availability of credit exploded after
Nixon closed the gold window on August
15th 1971 at that point nations no
longer had to spend their gold or hike
interest rates to stop the flow of gold
on trade deficit balances and this is a
remarkable chart that he provides Harith
because I haven't seen it put like this
but this is the balance of trade
this is 1971 for America their balance
of trade with the rest of the world had
to stay even because otherwise you're
sending your gold over there remember
that we had to send Navy ships full of
gold to France when Charles de Gaulle
asked for it back here you see the
balance of trade since then it's just
gone this is us getting free goods from
the rest of the world we just have to
pay dollars is it's worse than any of
the worst of the altcoins
I would use the word that is often used
in troll boxes about what they call
oiled coins but it's on
on air that's correct it's inappropriate
for a family show like this one to call
the dollar by its rightful name the kiss
ahahaha which is a little-known dialect
on a faraway planet which means Kaka
actually you know that Kaka stock
receipt it comes from the Latin prefix
of Kaka which we carry forward to this
day anyway so you know we've been
talking about this this is something
that we've been highlighting on Kai's
report since 2009 is the absence of a
gold standard has allowed for the
explosion of debt whether or not that
makes people more free I don't think so
I think having all this debt probably
makes you less free I think this is why
you see the Millennials the younger
generation people pouring into things
like Bitcoin and all these other old
coins and crypto currencies this is a
direct result of what we've highlighted
in previous episodes where this debt
system is the real Ponzi scheme the
likes of Jamie Dimon will say bitcoins a
Ponzi scheme
well this this he's the biggest
perpetrator of this this Ponzi scheme
that is called the consumer credit
outstanding economy yes the US dollar is
is extremely dangerous to the world
economy as well as the world of ecology
because it gives not only the
consumption that's inappropriate outside
of a gold standard but all that
consumption leads to eco Holocaust which
were suffering now with the polar vortex
and the fact that Moscow is now like
Florida in Florida is now like Siberia
that's all because of the gold standard
been abandoned that's why Russia is
buying gold
that's why China's buying gold because
they want to bring back discipline to
man of course Bitcoin solves all these
issues well as I said I've been buying
gold yet recently because I think the
what turned me on to it again was the
fact that it became so so so hated
we covered the story we're hedge funds
were dumping capitulating on gold
dumping all their gold short and gold
just and like going ending all their
long positions and I thought you know
they were all pouring into Bitcoin and I
thought well that's probably a good time
to go long gold again
because this is really those blood on
the street moments where it's so hated
and reviled not even just like in a
passionate way just like oh it's so
boring and listening to Kai's report
where max said gold was so boring so
many times I decided to go on gold so
you're a contrarian yeah I listen to you
and I go opposite of what you had said
well I'm with you on that I think that
gold 2018 is gonna be a good year for
gold and silver because it's been
basically sold off to the point where
there's no more sellers so once you've
run out of sellers any marginal buyer
starts the price action in the opposite
direction and then that feeds on itself
and you have a new resumption of a bull
market trend that's the way markets
frickin work it's been that way since
Adam first sold that Apple to Eve I know
in the second half you talked to Richard
Hart again and I'm gonna go get my
ushanka endure this weather here and go
long go schanke's stay tuned for the
second half of part 2 Richard Hart stay
there welcome back to the Kaiser report
on max Kaiser time now to continue our
conversation with Richard Hart Bitcoin
enthusiast OG Original Gangster I'd say
who knows what he's talking about when
it comes to technology derivatives
trading Bitcoin crypto he's got an
outstanding YouTube channel that I watch
along with the world crypto Network also
on YouTube which is an outstanding
channel to cover what's happening in the
Bitcoin space Richard welcome back
thanks for having me first of all a
quick kind of housekeeping thing because
a lot of people watching this might be
new to the crypto new to Bitcoin what's
the best way to secure your private keys
Richard Hart tell the people tell the
audience out there what's the best way
if if you want to be in the
cryptocurrency space and have control
over your money if you don't have the
private keys it's not your money so if
you have money on exchange in your name
you don't have the coin you have i/o use
you have little tokens that maybe the
exchange honors maybe they don't they
get hacked
maybe they lose your money so you really
need to have your own private keys now
when I got in this game you generate a
private key there would be no easy way
to remember what it was because it
belonged computer generated
numbers and letters then someone came
along and invented this cool thing
called HD wallets meets hierarchical
deterministic and it just means that you
remember a series of words and as long
as you have those words you can generate
infinite new public addresses and
private addresses from them and so this
you know let's call it 20 forward seed
you can choose the length depending on
the software you use it is all you need
to access all your funds forever so this
the seed phrase this long series of
words as long as you write it down store
it a couple different places you will
always have access to your funds forever
it's very important that you are the
only person that has access to those
seed words because if someone else gets
access to them they can steal all your
money let's talk a little philosophical
here you know you are talking about of
course Bitcoin you've got the key it's
importantly as one of the chief features
of Bitcoin is that it's completely
outside of all governments all
corporations it exists in a parallel
financial universe you could say and
this is one of the greatest things about
Bitcoin is that you are now individually
sovereign as our friend Jameson lawless
likes to say so you had mentioned in a
previous show that libertarians in this
space they love it but they forget that
there is a case look there the history
of cases and legal precedent of why
certain laws came into effect so my
question is kind of philosophically here
on one hand the bit Bitcoin essentially
makes government's obsolete in many ways
they make central banks obsolete you can
transfer value back and forth and you
don't need intermediaries you don't need
the whole system on the other hand you
have some what I would call
anarcho-capitalist in some cases or
libertarians who believe that this
should be taken to the nth degree and we
simply have no governance whatsoever no
governments at all where do you come in
on that debate Richard it's so easy to
forget the harm
that is laid upon people that may not be
as smart as you so you may be able to
tell the difference between real Bitcoin
and fake Bitcoin but most people's
grandparents cannot and it could cost
them their life savings I think that
most anarcho-capitalists and
libertarians support laws against
deceptive and fraudulent advertising I
don't think any market or any capitalist
society works better with a bunch of
fraudsters lying cheating stealing
colluding price-fixing rent-seeking
and creating monopolies I think those
are the enemy of all well-functioning
societies and an ounce of prevention is
worth a pound of cure so the easy way to
prevent terrible horrible things from
happening in large numbers to stupid
people is to have laws which regulate
and and set a referee to allow a fair
free-market you know people forget what
the word free in free market means it
means regulated it means there's rules
that must be abided by it means there is
a referee that keeps things fair you
know if you play at a sports game and
there was no referees everyone would get
their eyes poked out everyone would get
their fingers bitten off and then some
smart person would come along and go you
know what we ought to have a referee for
this it would make everything work
better the financial markets are the
same way so light hands off as lazy
Affairs can be but with a strict playing
field so that people can compete on the
merits of their offerings and not
collude cheat lie sabotage and make the
world a worse place you know you've
you've mentioned that you don't invest
in so-called altcoins the hundreds and
thousands of competing crypto coins out
there and so a couple of questions one
is are you a Bitcoin maximalist and
explain what that means and second of
all to follow up on your previous answer
there what about this concept of a
distributed autonomous organization
because some of these crypt
those are all coins do go down that path
and it seems to address some of the
issues you're bringing up there
so go ahead Richard there are things
that other tokens can do the Bitcoin
cannot and it is likely that there
always will be so if you're interested
in strong anonymity your options are
either tumbling and coin mixing your
Bitcoin which you've got to be pretty
smart to make sure it worked you got to
make sure the coins you sent you got
back different ones that could just send
you back the same coins and then you've
tainted yourself right but other
projects are better at that so for
instance Manero it's better at that and
there's other projects which focus on
enemity that are better if you want
really cheap transactions at lower
security tons of alt coins can do that
bitcoin can't because lightning network
isn't fully rolled out yet you know
there is a place for Bitcoin as a
settlement layer for tier 2 things as
the most secure network but there's also
a place for you know other use cases
like anonymity like super fast
transactions like super cheap
transactions until tier 2 on Bitcoin
rolls out you know once we get drive
chains and side chains all those
experiments can be run next to Bitcoin
but with the same liquidity pool and
it'll be amazing but they're not here
yet and so you know mid term short term
you know there's a case to be said like
for instance like coin yeah what money's
coming in to coin base there's only four
things you can buy in there and people
have a unit bias towards the cheaper
ones because they want a whole coin not
0.001 of a coin so you could make a case
to belong those things and the short and
medium terms until milli bits gets
popular you know I you know and also if
you're a Bitcoin holder you can't be a
Bitcoin maximalist anymore because they
keep handing you free airdrops
and free for coins so even if your
Bitcoin maximalist you're still getting
handed free money for holding Bitcoin
yeah I mean Bitcoin maximalism it's
almost dead just because of all the
forks and airdrops and I like a project
called bite Paul and they still give
them out for you to Bitcoin holders
that's pretty cool you know free money
for a really cool project hard to turn
that down right
absolutely bite both and people should
check that out I want to return to our
conversation about Bitcoin cash of
course the highly contentious
plagiaristic spinoff of Bitcoin and just
so people understand because there's one
notion out there the wall street crowd
will say well the price is all we have
to look at if it's got a high market cap
and the price is high that's all we need
to know and they're the only law we obey
is the law of high prices and if it's
right it's it's high priced and they
ignore the fact that in this case you've
got a concerted effort to sabotage
Bitcoin and can you walk us through for
example how spamming the Bitcoin network
works walk us through how a bad actor
could assault Bitcoin in favor of let's
say a spin-off and just go through that
you know kind of the bullet points on
that so people have an understanding
that there's something left going on
under under the surface that's not
covered by MSNBC the I'm sorry CNBC in
these other outlets Richard go ahead the
concept of market cap is fatally flawed
so if I were once again to make a copy
of the Kaiser report and call it cuz
your report cache and then take your
market cap and then just assign some
percent of it to my new thing it
obviously would make no sense so let's
take a look at what they do be cash we
make a copy and then no one can trade it
no one can sell it because they don't
have access to it so the people on big
exchanges like zap I've had to wait to
get access to their coins the people on
coinbase had to wait to get access to
their coins they just got access
yesterday which due to the delay will
probably be a couple weeks ago when this
airs so you can't accurately price a
coin that has artificially restricted
access half the people that receive the
token may have no idea that they
received it if you were on your island
or your yacht enjoying your Bitcoin
earnings sitting on your massive stack
what do you have to plug into the
internet every day to see what new for
coins you got to see what your new net
worth really is a lot of people don't
even
know that they have these things and
people in centralized services haven't
had the ability to dump them so there's
been an artificially restricted supply
and therefore an inaccurate price also
when you have a normal token that has
started from scratch with its own name
the brand confusion with its own
technological offering improvements
people purchase into that and drive the
price up by doing so voting for it but
no one had to purchase this thing right
it was given to them for free and so
it's it's very misleading an artificial
way to create money out of thin air out
of nothing and it's not reliable which
is the reason when this thing first
launched its value was 0.3 I'm referring
to be cash it dropped down to 0.15 0.1
0.0 5 then it jumped up 0.1 0.1 5.2
massive pump point 3 then I went down
again it keeps doing this oscillating up
and down because we don't have a real
price because people don't have access
to their coins to dump them it's it's a
shell game pretty much the distributed
network that is Bitcoin the network you
know you go back to the 90s I remember
when I was involved in comm at that time
the SETI project was launched to search
for extraterrestrial intelligence so
they were you know network distribution
parsing through signals from outer space
looking for alien intelligence and you
know Bitcoin in a lot of ways you know
picks up on this p2p networking picks up
on this the torrent Network picks up on
this you yourself Richard Hart have
figured you know got a project where
you're saying you know this whole
distributed network it combined with the
cryptocurrency we can do something
that's mind-blowing life changing planet
changing we've got about a minute I know
you're involved in a project in a very
interesting project just tell us first
the name of the project and then the
bullet points what it does Richard so
cryptocurrencies are oversecured they
don't get they do not get attacked
through their hash power they get
attacked socially so we're wasting a lot
of electricity a little bit more than
necessary for the type of security that
we need so wouldn't it be great if you
could have a
the currency that still provided the
benefits of you know sovereign ownership
and a bearer asset but also actually
solve real-world problems so instead of
just hashing sha-256 over and over and
over again you were solving real
problems such as computational fluid
dynamics problems when we go to Mars
that ship it gets designed in the
computer first the Rockets that power
that ship they get designed in the
computer first and so the better
algorithms and the cheaper the
processing power for that type of
processing then the sooner we can get
the Mars the faster our cars can be the
better our fuel efficient our engines
can be you know anything that involves
air or fluid or movement it needs to go
through a CFD machine to figure it all
out you know you want to contain plasma
fusion to have you know fusion energy
it's all got to be done in a CFD machine
all right the name of the project is
what CFD token calm
straight calm okay we got to go we're
out of time Richard Hart thanks for
being on the Kaiser report all right
well that's gonna do it for this edition
of the kinds of report with me max
Kaiser and Stacy Herbert like to thank
our guests Richard Hart catch his
YouTube channel it's excellent
do you want to see us on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye Oh
