French authorities have launched an
investigation against a black rapper for
inciting violence and racial hatred
that's after he posted a video showing a
white man being tortured shot and hanged
from a tree and called for white babies
to be killed a YouTube has suspended the
clip called hang the whites the rapper
himself Nick Conrad claimed he was
simply turning the tables on the
suffering black people have endured for
years however outrage of the video
reached all the way to the top I condemn
unreservedly these abject remarks and
ignominious attacks my colleagues are
working to immediately withdraw this
content from broadcasts it will be up to
judicial authorities to take appropriate
further action against these odious
calls to hate well we put the issue of
whether there need to be limits to
artistic expression up for debate I
condemn all violence like this all
violent lyrics but we've got to be
careful here not to get too carried away
if you listen to the reports and read
the reports this guy only had 40 people
downloaded his music before this
controversy it's clearly he's after the
publicity he's probably going to get
something that he didn't want which is a
lot of negative publicity or maybe even
a criminal record we can't have him
calling for white people to be hung just
like we couldn't have white people
calling for black people to be hung
could we all violence in this are ways
to be deplored of course but let's put
it in perspective there are literally
hundreds of thousands if not millions of
hits on YouTube videos from neo-nazi
hard right rock bands fire up the ovens
is one particular tune wave the swastika
is another which are getting millions of
hits so I'm all for the rule of law
replying but he does seem to be
massively disproportionate when there is
no general trend in the French black
community or elsewhere for this sort of
thing and the one tiny example people
have descended on in France
seem to have blown it way out of
proportion you're exaggerating anyway
anyway you've had enough for my and then
you'll be exaggerating a und you're
exaggerating anyway but and at least my
my exaggerated I mean there is a problem
there is a problem I blame rap music in
general and drill music has enough
that's why hundreds black kids at the
moment Lee are lying in the Moore tree
or have been lying in the mortuary
we should condemn all violence like this
all violent lyrics like this he's
talking about stabbing kids in a nursery
white kids and hanging their parents I'm
sorry that's out of order in my book Lee
Jasmine for those who wish to rely on
the facts of the matter
there is copious amounts of research
online about the extent of the
multi-million pound industry that
underpins the racist white supremacist
rock Network and their support I didn't
disturb you
let's see what the guy said the guy said
I wanted to reverse polarity and show
what it's like for black people for
hundreds of years to be victims to these
things even recreated a scene out of
American actor and notable Cultus
fascist film on white nationalism in
America that's what his artistic
rationale was sounds credible to me
whether he mente or not who knows only
he can tell but I do know there seems to
be a big disproportionate difference
with the way he's been treated to the
way that the rest of the offender's on
YouTube are being treated no one's
trying to make any excuse for that
if he has used this scene and change the
polarity of it good however but by the
same token I've condemned both just like
I started off on this program today
condemning anyone who is promoting the
idea to kill somebody else just because
of the color of the skin I would condemn
them if they were just doing as a
general thing
you
