according to the latest data more than a
hundred and seventy thousand migrants
made it to Europe by crossing the Med in
2017 and France isn't the only country
of course where there's discord over how
best to deal with these new arrivals
now Austria's far right vice-chancellor
has suggested that they should be housed
in vacant army barracks that a curfew
should be imposed on them collecting
abundantly maybe we could use our empty
barracks it's not ssin worth considering
it was discussed extensively in the past
shouldn't we have a curfew for every
migrant to return to the barracks the
Austrian Vice Chancellor there and the
right-wing populist Danish People's
Party now has got even further they want
a ban on new mosques in certain areas
and a curfew on young people in what
they call ghettos let's bring in Heinz
Gartner physical scientists at the
University of Vienna joining us now hey
there thanks for your time what do you
make of the Vice Austrian Vice
Chancellors proposal does it amount of
forced internment of refugees as some
are saying here he wants to put these
people in the disused army camps for
instance I mean a lot of people are
distancing themselves from this but I
suppose some people would say it's
common sense these buildings are open
and they'll provide some shelter what do
you think about that first of all it was
a campaign promise of posters they're
holding parties to introduce and
implement harsh
immigration and Asylum laws and that's a
part of him more comprehensive program
this putting asylum seekers in the
barracks has several functions one is of
course to take them out of society
visibly that the base of the voters
electorate of the right-wing party is
satisfied second it's about control you
better can control them if you have them
together in the barracks then in
individual apartments even so studies
show that it's much cheaper to put them
in in individual housing individual
apartments so but the program is mainly
about control
so there is not only a curfew and you
get your phone taken from you you get
every bit in peace taken from you that
maybe your abort with you your personal
belongings you get put in basically
internment camps in the middle of Europe
a lot of people be shocked by that it's
it it's it's about control it's also
possible to trace the course of the cell
phone Orson also the obligation of
secrecy of physicians should be eased so
it's it's mainly about component about
take them out of society visibly but
also we have to say that the Minister of
Interior wants to separate their
measures from the Ministry of
integration so this history of Interior
doesn't say integration it's not our
business it's about control and vetting
it it's not very different to the
program we have seen in the US but as
president about his proposal of extreme
vetting so extreme vetting it's all
about and but these guys are already
there it's pointless vetting a lot of
people to argue when they're already
there you've got the populist Danish
party's People's Party wanting to impose
curfews on these people you've got this
now from Hans Christian strike wanted to
put these people in under used military
barracks it really sounds that Europe is
really at odds about what to do with
these people and the tide is turning
against a lot of these migrants and it's
a really difficult position they're in
isn't it it is but I have to say that's
that's what the pace of this parties
want it's a there was not so much
difference of the postholing parties
they all wanted to have stricter rules
against Muslim immigrants asylum seekers
and of course they identified also
countries which have very very little
chance of asylum and most of them are
coming from enough
North Africa so it's easier for asylum
seekers from Syria Afghanistan to get
asylum so they are put is more easily to
the integration program than souls who
do not have a chance a chance for is
asylum and so they will be deported much
quicker than in the past so they want to
speed up the asylum program and the
procedures and so they want to deport
deported more efficiently and the argue
that's cheaper but not necessarily as
that is show the what they want to do
this asylum seekers not right now is not
necessarily more efficient but it's more
it's a more symbol that they want to do
what they promised in the in the in the
campaign what's the feeling within
Europe about this quota system we've got
the Czech Prime Minister's saying that
he thinks this migrant quota system just
simply isn't working it's not the way
forward is that the general feeling in
Europe it does not work and we have some
East European states the visa can't cut
you sure grad countries which would not
take any asylum seekers and migrants and
there is a debate now I'm with the
European Union to sanction those
countries so the quota system does not
really work and that's what our
Chancellor now quits also argued in the
European Union in process saying we have
to get rid of the quota system so the
whole thing will change possibly and
some countries individual countries will
desist to take any asylum seekers or
migrants all right mister guard will get
leave it there thanks every time I
discard a political scientist the
University of Vienna it's big problem
and a lot of people in Europe unsure how
best to solve it for everyone's benefit
thank you
