president when a Turkey's lashed out at
America apparently threatening to drop
bilateral agreements now the United
States should excuse us but the laws in
our bilateral ties and the bilateral
Accords between us are losing their
validity I'm saddened to say this but
this is how it will be from now on
well that statement was made after a
Turkish banker was convicted in the
United States guys name is Matt mid
hackin attila he is the deputy director
of a Turkish state-owned Bank who could
now be facing up to 30 years in prison
that's the catalyst for this all the
latest one anyway he was found guilty of
making a billion dollar deal with Iran
despite those US sanctions Turkey though
insists the case is purely political and
that the evidence was fabricated Ali
risk is across this he's a Middle East
expert the tips attack goes on here what
do you make of President air21 state but
it's it's a strong one is it going to
come to anything will there be any
tangible repercussions here or not this
isn't the first time that the Turkish
president of Russia by a payable DeLand
makes such fiery statements we've seen
such statements before including earlier
statements directly that the u.s. itself
for example when it comes to the u.s.
role in supporting supporting some of
the Kurds in Syria whom Ankara describes
terrorists so it's not the first time
will it come to something I think yes
it's very possible because you know or
dugong in the midst of it doing all
these disagreements with the Americans
when it comes to the Kurdish issue when
it comes to other issues he has
responded poorer by further
strengthening ties with countries like
Russia and Iran we all know I know about
the Astana agreement for example so
bearing in mind those earlier reactions
from Alderaan knowing not it might not
come down to only Far East statements it
could come down to action which follows
these fiery statements with regard this
case the u.s. says he's guilty
turkey says no this is politically
motivated previously in October Reza's
Arab a 34 year old Turkish Iranian gold
trader actually did plead guilty to six
charges related to these sanctions
against Iran is this chapter
or not as you said is it politically
motivated is there more to it than meets
the eye
well I mean no one can give a clear
answer to that it could be political
politically motivated it could be that
this person was involved in one way or
another on easing the sanctions making
deals with Iran you know anything's
possible but we have to bear something
in mind I think which is important you
do have this anti uranium Iranian
atmosphere which is prevailing in
Washington because of the Trump what I
call the Trump ante Iranian doctrine and
so I think that further pushes in
targeting anyone who could be associated
of being close to Iran if you if you
take it from that perspective the anti
Iranian political atmosphere in the
Trump administration that is possible
but I think that maybe something more
important which we could refer to is
this downward spiral we have in US ties
with Muslim countries in general if you
put the United Arab Emirates and Saudi
Arabia aside
look at us ties with other Muslim
countries how they further deteriorating
look at what happened rear for example
today or last night when the decision
regarding Pakistan withholding aid from
Pakistan which is a major Muslim country
now we have Turkey which is another
major Muslim country where we have
relations also going down which so we do
have I think this import these important
developments which show a deterioration
in u.s. ties with many important Muslim
countries this I think we had in pointed
out their deterioration sorry with the
Trump's decision on Jerusalem and now
it's going downward as I said except for
ties with countries like Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates and maybe to some
extent Egypt yeah just back to this case
the course the twist er according to the
testimony of another person in this case
the Turkish president himself is being
accused of authorizing this scheme of
bypassing these sanctions with Iran is
that credible
again you know I cannot certify such
statements or say that they're right
Howard ron has been accused before of
intervening to allow Iran to evade the
sanctions has he indeed intervene
personally to ease these sanctions or
visas restrictions facilitate this
process you know it is entirely possible
it currently could be politically
motivated it could be that he indeed was
involved but what's happening I think
doesn't serve at all US interests I
don't think he was interest served well
by weakening or by the deterioration of
ties with Turkey
no with many other Muslim countries with
whom we do have these disagreements so
yes he could have been involved but that
doesn't mean that what's happening these
fiery statements do serve the Trump
administration we already have this
little Muslim anger from the people from
the street now from politicians Ali will
follow the twist and turn to this one
thanks for your input today Ali risks
Middle East expert things being on our
to internationalize a good day thank you
both very mind is a footnote to this
that relations between Turkey and the US
have faced a number of hurdles Ankara
costs strongly against American support
for queered Kurdish fighters in Syria
while Washington has refused to
extradite Fethullah Gulen that's a key
name who anchor accuses of masterminding
that 2016 coup attempt in August the US
authorities charged President anyone's
bodyguard with attacking protesters in
Washington's a lot in a partier
