has been confirmed that North and South
Korea will meet for official talks next
week it will be the first time the pair
have spoken in two years and the meeting
on the 9th of January will discuss the
upcoming Winter Olympics in South Korea
but it's also hoped it will address
recent tensions in the region - it will
be held in a so-called peace village in
the Demilitarized Zone on the border
between the two countries
another diplomatic breakthrough this
week also saw North Korea reopen a
telephone hotline with the south that
had been closed since 2016 and then on
Thursday the US president finally
accepted Seoul's request to postpone
joint military exercises during the
upcoming Olympics that is in fact a
complete u-turn from just a couple of
weeks ago these exercises have been
ongoing for many years I'm not aware of
any plans to change what is scheduled
well even before the talks between Seoul
and Pyongyang were agreed Donald Trump
rushed to take credit for the progress
in a tweet he touted his firmness and
America's stance against the north the
Dean for Durham law school Oh Tom Brooks
thinks that if the White House indeed
played any part in the dialogue it only
made things worse these moves to have
dialogue between North and South Korea
didn't start a year ago when Trump was
elected president they've been going on
for some time and I think you know the
Trump White House is probably something
close to nothing to do with this with
these steps I think this is something by
the efforts of others and not of him I
think you know the the White House and
helped this progress happen the White
House has really done a lot to endanger
it and I think it's a credit to both
sides in North and South Korea that
they've got the step to open talks to
open dialogue and and one only hopes for
the sake of the people who
on the Korean Peninsula that some good
comes out of that irrespective of what
tweets come out of from Donald Trump
