in what proved to be an
emotionally-charged headline-grabbing
hearing both Donald Trump's Supreme
Court nominee and the woman who accuses
him of attempted rape testified before
the Senate Judiciary Committee a Brett
Kavanaugh strongly denies all
accusations and senators from both the
Republican and Democratic parties have
been accusing each other of political
bias when it came to investigating the
sexual assault claims Republicans
scheduled a hearing without talking to
her or even inviting her to testify
Republicans also scheduled this hearing
with dr. Ford without having her
allegations investigated by the FBI if
you wanted an FBI investigation you
could have come to us what you want to
do is destroy this guy's life hold this
seat open and hope you win in 2020 you
said that not me
the assault stayed with her for 43 years
the entire country is watching how we
handle these allegations I hope the
American people can see through this
sham that you know about it and you held
it you had no intention of protecting
dr. Ford
following a hearing president Trump
doubled down on his support for his pick
for the Supreme Court
he called Cavanaugh's testimony powerful
and accused Democrats of obstruction
calling on the Senate to vote for the
nominee artis Samira Khan reports on
what Kavanaugh and his accuser had to
say international issues like Iran DPRK
and actual wars like Syria and Yemen
have taken a backseat and kapnos
hearings have been dominating the news
cycle for a couple of weeks now and
we've witnessed a series of twists and
turns over the past month or so and all
of America is tuned in to find out if
Cavanaugh did or did not sexually
assault Christine Ford over 36 years ago
but all of the suspense and media hype
surrounding the cases making it seem
more like a soap opera than serious news
but a Cavanaugh was questioned for hours
and what did we find out well here's a
Ford I recall saying that the boy who
assaulted me could someday be
on the US Supreme Court I am here today
not because I want to be I am terrified
my family and I have been the target of
constant harassment and death threats
believes that if I came forward my
single voice would be drowned out by a
chorus of powerful supporters during the
hearing Kavanaugh even got a little bit
emotional he even discussed how these
hearings have affected his life my
family and my name have been totally and
permanently destroyed I intend no ill
will to dr. Ford and her family the
other night Ashley and my daughter Liza
said their prayers and little Liza all
10 years old said to Ashley we should
pray for the woman it's a lot of wisdom
from a 10 year old we mean we mean no
ill will this is a circus but it looks
like the only thing that's clear from
all of this is that both of their lives
have been turned upside down well in
this incredibly polarized climate
Americans chose a side long before
either of them spoke I respect this man
and believe him we must put an end to
the Democrats witch-hunt god bless this
man for refusing to back down from the
democratic elite who tried to destroy
his life I stand with Judge Cavanaugh
who's with me
Cavanaugh's strategy play the victim
meanwhile the actual victim conducted
herself with utmost dignity and
unwavering bravery dr. Ford is a patriot
and a survivor the fact that this
hearing is playing more like a trial is
devastating she's not on trial Cavanaugh
is her testimony has read as credible
reliable and compelling in fact it would
be super difficult to find anyone whose
minds were changed after listening to
their testimony and we won't find out
how they're going to vote until Friday
so as of now there seems to be a motion
over substance
