well of all the world leaders North
Korea's Kim jong-un has been perhaps
most targeted by Trump's tweets after
one of his most recent posts the battle
of words between the two did descend
into insults about the size and power of
their nuclear buttons the entire US
mainland is within the range of our
nuclear strike and the button is always
on the table in my office they should
clearly know that this is certainly not
a threat but rather a reality or someone
from his depleted and food starved
regime please inform him that I do have
a nuclear button but it's a much bigger
and more powerful one than his and my
button works
I hope personally there such rhetoric
either by the side of DPRK by its
supreme leader or by the United States
through its president Donald Trump will
calm down the world does not need such
jingoism or war rhetoric right now the
situation is in a stalemate the DPRK has
gained time to develop its nuclear
weapon in a more and more sophisticated
way and the United States has not yet
reached the point of deciding to use
military means to solve the problem but
I don't think everything has been
exhausted we still need to try the best
even though the likelihood of a
diplomatic solution is becoming remoter
and remoter
well in a slightly more positive
development kim jong-un has reopened a
cross-border communications link with
South Korea and what's been seen as a
significant diplomatic breakthrough
however the standoff between the u.s.
and North Korea does look set to
continue into 2018 after what's already
been 12 months of personal attacks and
vicious threats from both sides
the era of strategic patience with the
North Korean regime has failed
what Korea best not make any more
threats to the United States they will
be met with fire and fury the u.s.
neglects the international community's
will to establish peace on the Korean
Peninsula behave like children fighting
each other in kindergartens and nobody
can stop them
and we can't have madmen out there
shooting rockets all over the place we
will have no choice but to totally
destroy North Korea Rocket Man is on a
suicide mission for himself no one other
than Trump himself is on a suicide
mission come you we need a pause
we need dialogue he is a sick puppy okay
want to discuss Trump's latest comments
let's bring in Joseph Chang he's a
professor and political analyst who at
Hong Kong City University and joins us
now good afternoon ji Joseph we were
just hearing there some examples of the
insults both leaders have traded over
the last few months or so how dangerous
is this relationship do you think
between Trump and Kim Jong and
considering the now joking it seems
about the size of each other's nuclear
buttons I mean that's not something to
joke about is it nuclear war
this is certainly not anything to joke
about but I think the situation despite
the confrontational rhetoric has been
stabilized somewhat there is a
recognition that the use of the military
option by the United States is going to
be very dangerous very risky and will be
strongly opposed by Beijing and Moscow
and will not be supported by Seoul
however the atmosphere is still not ripe
for the initiation of negotiations there
are some hopeful indicators the American
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson a few
weeks ago did indicate the possibility
of negotiations even without
preconditions and at the moment pang
Yong has indicated that it will like to
take part in the Winter Olympics in
South Korea and talks towards this end
may well soon begin so there's a
recognition that there is a stalemate
and perhaps some exploratory feelers are
being explored do you think that's what
this is about
with reference to that meeting between
North Korea and South Korea I mean we're
hearing officially this is about North
Korea's entry into the Winter Olympics
but is there a chance it could be a lot
more than that
usually this is the beginning of some
kind of negotiations when both sides are
willing to sit down and talk this is at
least an improvement of atmosphere and
given the talks and the actual
participation on the part of pond yang
in the Winter Olympics there may be a
cessation of missile tests on the part
of pond yang for some months or for a
short period of time we cannot be very
hopeful we can only say that the
possibility exists and it seems that at
least the note the two Koreas are
willing to explore the possibilities
Donald Trump was sort of giving this
meeting a lukewarm reception
why isn't he more positive about it do
you think
I think I think he finds it a bit
difficult to explain to the American
people why he is willing to talk to Pam
yang after all this rhetoric you need a
certain opportunity you need a certain
process to de-escalate the rhetoric and
as we were saying Rex Tillerson
statement probably was some kind of
feeler
but the there is no strong support from
the White House yet certainly Donald's
from at this stage does not believe that
he is ready to make the first move so
perhaps the two careers may make the
first move okay Joseph look we'll have
to leave it there but nice to talk to
you this afternoon that was Joseph Cheng
professor and political analyst at Hong
Kong City University thank you
