well meanwhile arounds biggest protests
nearly a decade have been getting
encouragement from its major political
rivals the US and Israel more on that
from Jacqueline Volga what began as
discontent over economic hardship and
alleged corruption in Iran has evolved
into massive nationwide anti and
pro-government demonstrations Iran's
president came out saying citizens have
the right to protest as long as it's
done peacefully in recent days we have
witnessed protests everyone must be
aware of this point that we are a free
nation and according to the Constitution
and human rights that people are
absolutely free to criticize the
government and even protest we the
government will definitely not tolerate
some protesters who want to destroy
public property or disrupt public
discipline and create turmoil in society
that's amid hundreds of arrests violent
clashes and even deaths and the conflict
has now spread beyond Iran's borders as
international powers give their two
cents Donald Trump unleashed a stream of
tweets on the issue accusing the Islamic
Republic of corruption human rights
violations and squandering the nation's
wealth on sponsoring terrorism Hassan
rouhani hit back at his American
counterpart saying Washington has no
right to act as if it sympathizes with
Iranians when Trump not long ago called
their country a nation of terrorists
Iran a terrorist nation like few others
but if you look closely trump has ever
so slightly adjusted his rhetoric he
shifted the blame solely on the
government while calling for change of
course we've known for quite a while
what kind of change the Trump
administration would like to see in the
Iran our policy towards Iran is to push
back on this hegemony contain their
ability to develop obviously nuclear
weapons and to work towards support of
those elements inside of Iran that would
lead to a peaceful transition of that
government those elements are there
certainly as we know so Trump may be
hoping these protests will be the
perfect opportunity to achieve just that
but he's not the only one chiming in the
Israeli government has voiced
encouragement for the anti-government
protests
Iranians are pouring into the streets
they seek freedom they seek justice they
seek the basic liberties that have been
denied to them for decades and when this
regime finally Falls and one day it will
Iranians and Israelis will be great
friends once again I wish the Iranian
people's success in their noble quest
for freedom and what's even more
surprising is what's happening on his
own doorstep Sunday saw thousands gather
in Tel Aviv for a fifth week of anti
government corruption demonstrations
just last week over 10,000 protested
throughout Israel yet the media and
Trump have all but ignored them Israeli
probably they're working very hard with
the American to destabilize and to
counter a Iran and basically that
decision has been very clear and vocal
by the Israeli they want the United
States to actually attack Iran
militarily so if they can use some
incitement they will do but they know
they can leave it to the United States
to do the work on behalf of them in the
end
packing protests abroad but ignoring
mass demonstrations in your and your
allies backyards it may be a new year
but good luck waiting for a new approach
from the US or Israel on that
