they've been protists in the region for
last month in fact over the US
presidents recognition of Jerusalem as
the Israeli capital
and another line of this there's outrage
over reports that the Palestinian
leaders part is instructing youngsters
on how to hurl stones at Israeli
security forces
we got reaction to that on what we see
now in in the territories is permanent
incitement for people to come and and
combat Israelis and even the last post
we saw when they explained to the
children children you you know what I
mean a teenager to to throw stones on
the Israeli passengers innocent people
in cars and they say don't underestimate
the stones it's a fatal damage please
throw stones on Israelis it's not
picking up stones and throwing at the
occupier is not a Palestinian invention
and it's certainly not something that so
all of a sudden popped up in 2017 the
fact is Palestinian protests throughout
the past weeks since the Trump
announcement on Jerusalem have been
peaceful there have been absolutely no
use of arms while the Israelis have used
live fire they have used tear gas
disproportionately and in a manner that
many have said is not in line with
international law or the standards used
usually by other law abiding States we
are not waking up in the morning looking
far as Palestinians to kill or to shoot
what we hear on the Palestinian a
Palestinian communication means we hear
every day incitement to kill Israelis
launching missiles on Israel exploding
themselves what do you expect us to do
the fact that Israel is the occupying
power in Palestine is a legal fact it's
not up for debate this has nothing to do
with opinion it has nothing to do with
perspective it certainly has nothing to
do with God what happens every day in
Palestine is a Palestinian population
confronting and military that is
basically the Reed
general superpower a military that has
control over every aspect of life for
Palestinians we confront these Israeli
soldiers at the checkpoints we have to
deal with them when we need to move from
one point to another in our own homeland
they decide whether we can build our
homes or not whether we can keep our
schools that the control is absolute we
do not need any recognition from anybody
this is our capital and I believe that
someday if Palestinians will come to
negotiate us instead of using terror
against us they'll have a Capitol in
Ramallah for the first time in history
Palestine will have a state side-by-side
by Israel and this is what we aim to
well one Palestine you felt the brunt of
the police response was this 14 year old
boy screams now he had been throwing
stones at IDF soldiers and it seems he
was injured after being hit back in the
face by a rubber bullet the boy's
injuries were too much for his cousin to
bear though she confronted two heavily
armed soldiers last week over it and
that was filmed film filming her kicking
and hitting them check it out there it
is I read to Mimi's now been charged
them with assault incitement over that
along with her mother the court
previously claimed to that the pair
posed a threat and put them in custody
ides father has defended his daughter
saying she felt she had no choice but to
take the action you just saw do you like
to call herself as a freedom fighter
what a fighter for the Palestinian issue
she believed that we must any struggle
directly all the time she need to be in
front of the soldier in the direct react
and the clashes with the army this is
what she believed in for that would be
where I saw her when she soda the army
she became more active more power and
she won't ready to fight them
