20-17 saw a number of restive regions
launching campaigns for greater autonomy
or independence and they were met to
with legal clamp downs and sometimes
violence in response he goes down off
wraps it up looks at the referendums
that made waves from Europe to Iraq for
hundreds of thousands 2017 became a year
of hope a year of promise NJ year of
broken trust referendums a cornerstone
of many democracies and the ultimate
tool of transforming the will of the
people into people power in practice has
arguably brought far more disenchantment
than results leading up to its vote
Spanish Catalonia saw it all from
countless walls sprayed with
pro-independence graffiti two million
strong demonstrations Madrid has never
approved of the referendum who ruled
illegal under the Spanish Constitution
but when a date was said anyway the
future seemed bright for Independence
supporters
90% at the ballot box said Catalonia
should break away we have the right to
this side our future we've won the right
to an independent state built as a
republic the outcome of the vote was
hardly a surprise the neither was
Madrid's response
the Catalan government was sag by Madrid
independence leaders accused of
rebellion and sedition as they fled into
exile all were arrested
December's snap election brought a slim
majority to separatist parties but with
a pro-union party winning the most seats
so all moves back to square one and
nowhere near the independence promised
at the referendum Barcelona was even
banned from lighting its iconic
fountains yellow with the color deemed
as secessionist symbol Iraqi Kurdistan
is another region that had a shot at
independence this year and missed two
Kurds came out in force and voted
overwhelmingly to secede from Iraq now
this is a new era for the Kurdish people
it's a turning point and we have to use
it this is a big victory but despite the
Kurds saying yes to independence that's
not what the referendum achieved
and those who once spearheaded the push
to break away bow down you I have
informed the Parliament that will not
extend my term although the brexit vote
took place back in 2016 it dominated
headlines throughout the last year the
Sun has risen on an independent United
Kingdom June the 23rd needs to become a
national bank holiday and we will call
it Independence Day
Bridget was supposed to have moved far
closer than it has by now but instead
appears to be if anything drifting
further away and as if the divorce
process wasn't painful enough Prime
Minister May spectacularly failed to
sweet-talk Britain's Parliament into
green-lighting her brexit plans in July
the international trade secretary said
brexit negotiations would be the easiest
in human history does the Prime
Minister's still agree with that
assessment some have created the
illusion negotiations can be concluded
quickly and painlessly the Commission
was trying to bully the British people
how about this resolution for 2018 don't
get your hopes too high for referendums
a referendum is thrown out to people as
a way of involving the mass of the
population and an important decision but
then what happens is after the result
has been taken that's the process which
is captured by politicians one of the
things that I think we have to address
is how does democracy actually function
there's a problem with our democracy
there's a problem with where power lies
in our society
