Israeli Court has sentenced a 68 year
old Bedouin man to ten months in prison
and fined him more than $10,000 for
trespassing but he claims the land
belongs to him
abu maryam is a village elder arequipa
is located in southern Israel Bedouin
tribes have settled there well long long
ago well before the state was ever
established but Israeli authorities
believe they occupy the land illegally
and send in riot police and bulldoze
bulldozers to demolish the village
wherever it's built up so far they've
level it to the ground more than 100
times Paula Slayer reports I'm here in
the northern mega of desert where there
isn't much except a few dozen
unrecognized Bedouin villages just as
one belonging to the al-tohra tribe
there are some 250 people who live here
and they say that this land is theirs
going back generations but the Israeli
authorities insist they here illegally
it will take years until this fight ends
they're looking to push us a will
compromise and we'll give this land to
the state
mio D if I was Jewish the soldiers
wouldn't come here at 6:00 in the
morning on a rainy day
they don't care this is just a Bedouin
house they don't think the bed winds are
human beings they don't care that
Bedouin Tsar citizens of this country
they don't care that bed ones live on
this land not the country's land the
tribe says they've lived here for 750
years this document is from 1905 in the
ottoman era the second one with the red
stamps is also from ottoman times 1929
and this third one doesn't have to do
with the land his from 1936 and these
are receipts from taxes for the land
alarm aha everybody here is family
father mother uncle Hans relatives only
the al Torre family is buried in this
cemetery no one else only al Torre tribe
and their relatives
