if you thought that an installing the
latest antivirus software would protect
you from being hacks well think again
even the leading cybersecurity guru John
McAfee has been hacked here's what
happened my account was hacked twitter
has been notified the coin of the dates
width was not me well we can now hear
from the man himself John McAfee who
founded the McAfee software company good
to have you on the program and now I
guess you've had this a lot but some
people might find it slightly ironic
that's a renowned cybersecurity expert
like yourself has been the victim of
hacking can you tell us exactly how that
could happen well you know we rely on a
number of people we will rely on our
carriers the telephone carriers rely on
Twitter so no matter what I have done
which is which is superb because I am a
specialist in cyber security my phone
was hacked through my carrier AT&T
American it's the largest carrier in
America and what happened is this is
brand new to me
they managed to hack into AT&T to move
my phone number to another phone prior
to being hacked my phone was totally
disabled you couldn't call into it I
could not call out from it so everything
coming in including my text messages
went to another phone number so what
they had done is a lot ride to log onto
Twitter so I've lost my password
I used two factor authentication meaning
I have to give Twitter my phone number
they sent to my phone number a special
code so that I could get in but it
wasn't me it was the hacker this is
something totally out of my control
totally out of everyone's control ecers
are becoming more and more proficient
and more sophisticated in their hacking
techniques if this can happen to me I
promise you it can happen to anyone
I was quite worrying is that Twitter is
a massive company as is AT&T and they
presumably spend millions on security so
if the Twitter app isn't safe how
concerned should we be about the other
apps we install on our phones on a daily
basis well it's not just all the apps
reviews it's not just Twitter a
recommendation these for them for the
new alternative coins alternatives of
bitcoins crypto currencies people would
invest hundreds of millions of dollars
into these coins what the hacker did was
he recommended six different coins
within six minutes and invested I'm sure
much money beforehand into those coins
as the coins rose the hackers sold his
money he may have made tens of millions
of dollars it was worthwhile to spend
whatever it would take to get my hack
know if they can do it for me again they
can do it for anyone again I don't know
whether they bribed someone at AT&T it
happens frequently I don't know whether
they have some secret method of hacking
into the AT&T wireless system I'm still
working on trying to find that out I
went to AT&T this morning finally got my
phone number back to my phone it took
three days to do that or two-and-a-half
days to do that and even when I was
talking to the agent said that the
account has been hacked
I got personally no response the chances
of AT&T admitting that they were
responsible is less than the chance of a
spouse admitting to their spouse that
they've been unfaithful it's just not
going to happen until it happens many
times over we're living in the new world
of hacking and the new world of risks
for all of us using the internet hmm
on that you recently unveiled plans for
a hack proof smartphone apparently due
to be released in just a few months from
now could details more about that and
also this whole incident could prove to
be quite a good bit of promotion for
your new release I'm sorry can you
repeat the question you recently
unveiled plans for a hack proof
smartphone which apparently is due to be
released in just a few months from now
could you tell us more about that and
possibly confirmed that this whole this
whole hacking situation has it's
probably gonna be good promotion for
your hog proof phone no I don't think so
at all because my smartphone could not
help in this hack
nothing nothing could be done if the if
your carrier is the one who's being
hacked I don't care how foolproof your
smartphone is it's not going to work so
my smartphone would not help in this
case it wouldn't do anything if your
carry if you if someone has intercepted
the signal to your phone and they put it
by shunt it to some other phone there's
nothing that my phone can do my phone
can help you from applications that get
on your phone but no it could not have
prevented this I mean that's nonsense no
like you said just now hackers used your
phone to your account to promote
altcoins your Twitter accounts how much
of a threat is this kind of activity we
understand there's like an ongoing craze
right now of crypto jacking where
hackers use people's computers to mine
Bitcoin is that a huge threat well it's
not what happened to me is not a threat
but there's a great threat to all - is a
great threat to all people who have old
crypto currencies most people do not
keep their currencies on their own
wallet they use wallets on the exchanges
now if I were a hacker trying to hack
into wallets and get money I wouldn't
search around the world for individuals
that had their wallets no I would go to
an exchange and these changes have
billions of dollars in crypto currency
so yes they're all at risk everybody
says no we are secure that has been
proven over and over and over again to
be absolutely not
since beginning with mouth GOx a couple
of years ago were hundreds of millions
of dollars were lost this will continue
to happen until people that the owners
of the exchanges understand that the
world they are in is far more
sophisticated in terms of hacking than
they believe and I promise you every
exchange will at some point in the near
future we can get hacked and if you have
your wallet on those exchanges you will
lose your money because they do not have
the resources to reimburse you John
McAfee cybersecurity pioneer thank you
for your time
