US News website The Daily Beast seems to
be suggesting that the Russian Foreign
Ministry itself has now turned into a
troll Factory its new report claims that
Moscow has upgraded its suposed in troll
and bot campaign by using the Twitter
accounts of its diplomats and embassies
The Daily Beast insists that the
ministry is trying to confuse the public
by blending the truth with multiple
competing narratives
and the article to single out one
particular Russian till the contest for
the most ironic post about Russia's
relations with the West well here you
can see the winning picture for the best
cartoon on Boris Johnson following his
anger at the russian foreign ministry
spokesperson being invited to the House
of Commons we discussed the story with
the columnist and author
Tedra the United States government does
this all the time US government
officials make jokes all the time the
President of the United States uses
social media extremely effectively and
makes lots of jokes on it in fact he
probably would not be President if he
hadn't used Twitter extremely
effectively so it's mystifying why
anyone would say that this is somehow
inappropriate the United States has has
official channels on Twitter and
otherwise that make jokes I've even seen
jokes about things that are pretty grim
for example the Department of Defense
Twitter account has made jokes about
drone strikes and weapons that bomb
civilians in Afghanistan and elsewhere
those are pretty tasteless jokes so I
guess you could say that a terribly
tasteless joke might be something that
would cross the line but jokes
themselves are why not they're an
important part of dialogue
you
