despite Islamic States demise in Iraq
thousands of Kurdish speaking Yazidis
are still being kept hostage
many of them are miners abducted and
sold the jihadist slave markets in the
past few years artis Murad gasps da
reports now on their long way home from
terrorist captivity Nadia
age 10 location aid lib starting bid
$10,000 Russia age 9 location Turkey
starting with $15,000 penis age 8
location Syria starting bid $13,000
Nadine
age 15 location Baghdad sold for 2 and a
half thousand dollars
nnedi was kidnapped by Isis in Mosul in
2015 for near enough 3 years she endured
horrible things things that no 15 year
old girl any woman should ever have to
endure 2 hours ago she was bought back
by her family here in Baghdad no one
called the police no one wanted to risk
her life she spent her first hour of
freedom crying in the hotel room bear in
mind isis tells its hostages that their
families will kill them if they ever
return but her rest would be brief
so many people after our meeting her
relatives took her shopping she was
rescued by a group of men who
specialized in tracking down new CDs
kidnapped by Isis they then either
negotiate a sale or steal them back
they're big on secrecy I don't know Isis
say that if we show the girls still in
that possession
their relatives appear on TV the deal
will be off that they kill their
hostages as such some of the people
involved didn't want to appear on camera
but their stories are chilly one of the
girls was kidnapped when she wasn't sad
nice of rapes her for two or three years
can take you to a house here where there
are several girls SAN 11 12 years old
who were all raped they were gifted or
sold as many as 15 times if not for
sexual pleasure isis brainwashes Yazidi
children and sends them on suicide
missions or sells them for money
when Isis fighters flee to Turkey
they sell their slaves because they need
money let's go back to their home
countries you may not know but when the
us-led coalition and their allies in
Syria reportedly led hundreds of Isis
fighters leave the van besieged Raqqa
those jihadists took not only their guns
and families but also their hostages and
slaves the same people that are now been
on board back the prices vary depending
on where they are if they're in
dangerous place it can be eighty
thousand dollars otherwise around ten
fifteen thousand others are also
tracking down missing people one Iraqi
and he has made a name for herself
rescuing children
she spend her own money buying out
several of these kids one of the girls
told me the story of her escape she in
her aunt's were in Isis captivity two of
the terrorists watch them day and night
to prevent them from running away then
the girl told one of them that she
couldn't sleep and asked to see a doctor
the Isis fighter gave her some sleeping
pills she kept them then put them in his
see the terrorists fell asleep and she
and her own managed to escape the girl
was eight years old her aunt was too
terrified to do anything so the girl
told her let's destroy and run away they
will kill us anyway
and they escaped three thousand via CDs
are still missing hundreds presumed held
by Isis the international community no
longer really cares diseases don't
attract the same ratings now that they
aren't being slaughtered so it's up to
them to recover their own children and
to help them heal from what Isis has
done to them
Mourad gas D of RT from the hawk Iraq
