now RC has been facing a number of
issues over its presence on global
social networks and one of the most been
resolved because Facebook has lifted a
ban on our site there after a mistaken
copyright notification they sent us a
message saying that the reasons for the
temporary suspensions are still under
investigation
The Times and newspaper claims British
politicians are doing the Kremlin's
bidding by participating in our t's
program names prominent lawmakers who
have appeared on such programs as going
underground and news thing it gives the
exact number of their appearances and
the fees reportedly paid to them x
claims is all part of the Kremlin's
attempt to extend its reach within
British politics
now this channel has once again found
itself in the middle of a scandal Arty's
adverts in the London Underground have
provoked an angry reaction from some
Labour MPs they're demanding the UK's
media watchdog off from investigates the
ad campaign twitter has blocked all
advertisements from accounts of this
channel to discuss this further and I
joined by artists and audiences in the
studio for us and covering events dan it
is a complicated story we just run
through well what's happened it
certainly is that me very much a
developing story multi-layered story the
late-breaking news of course we have
over the last half an hour for two
minutes as you say is that twitter has
banned now officially advertising by RT
and if you consider the state of the
local press in Russia present it is an
absolute Russia today it is a scam it is
a scam that members of the party
opposite are continuing
kind of propaganda by going on it's an
open conversation that he may be having
with his own father because Stanley
Johnson has appeared himself on RT he
was on one of our shows going
underground talking about his anti
brexit book and he was asked by host a
Shinra tanzy whether any of the
characters in his book were based on
either of his sons
