according to the truck drivers they
carried 4,000 people and the convoy was
around 7 kilometers long despite the
agreement to only take personal weapons
there were 10 trucks loaded with arms
and ammunition dozens of foreign
fighters also reportedly managed to
escape with some of them making it out
of Syria and the drivers say they were
shouted at and threatened along the
entire route the us-led coalition
confirmed the deal took place however it
denies taking part in the negotiations
the coalition also says that only four
foreign fighters were in the convoy and
all four were later captured by the SDF
well let's discuss this issue now with
Middle East expert Allie risk Allie
thank you very much indeed for joining
us I mean listen to this story I mean
quite I mean quite a quite a dramatic
statement I mean do you think it was the
right decision to allow Islamic state
fighters to leave Raqqa of course it
wasn't the correct decision or a right
decision but I think it might might also
have been a deliberate american-led
decision this isn't the first time we
hear stories of such an essence the head
of the joint chief of staff on the
Russian military recently made
statements in the same direction saying
that the Americans were actually
training or assisting providing forms of
assistance to Isis and I think that you
have to put this within the framework of
the aftermath of Isis we all know that
Isis is losing ground it's basically on
the verge of defeat in Syria already
defeated in Iraq so the fact that it's
on the verge of defeat defeat in Syria I
think that what the Trump administration
might be doing is preparing for the post
Isis phase what I mean to say is putting
together maybe a new group not Isis but
a new group which includes former Isis
fighters to take on the Syrian army and
this allies first and foremost Iran
because the Trump administration and
also Trump's closed ally Israeli Premier
Benjamin Netanyahu they have spoken of
the necessity
to counter Iranian prisons inside Syria
so I think that this latest piece of
news is very closely closely linked to
that Trump strategy and to the Israelis
strategy of escalating against Iran in
Syria also against Hezbollah and what
they call the Shia axis in Syria in
aligning the ISIL to do that do you not
think therefore there is a risk that
they could regroup as ISIL and retake
parts of Syria of course but we've been
we've become accustomed to short-sighted
American policies we had the short sight
of the American policy for example the
biggest or the best example is
Afghanistan we all saw how the Americans
during the Reagan administration
provided all forms of assistance to what
they called the Mujahideen in
Afghanistan
and look what that led to it led in the
end to September 11 it led even
backfired against the Americans
themselves but I don't think that the
Americans basically they ever learned a
lesson despite the fact that they
themselves have fallen time and again to
terrorist attacks they continue with
these short-sighted policies so yes
you're right it could lead to Isis maybe
regrouping it could lead to all the
kinds of different havoc or chaos but
you know that's basically the result of
the these US policies which we've gone
used to and you know I don't see that
the Americans will learn their lesson
anytime soon despite the fact that you
know these mistakes are accumulating but
also the us-led coalition said it took
no part in this deal in the talks but a
Western officer was present at the
discussion based on what you've just
said does that then hold water did they
not take part in the deal exactly I find
that very hard to believe that this is
only something which the SDF carried out
or something which only Syrians were
involved in it's very hard to believe
that no I think this is part of a
broader US strategy
Trump's strategy has become clearer we
all saw how he
the national security strategy in that
speech and so now I think it's where
within a broader framework America in my
view it you know it's impossible for it
not to have been involved it had to have
had a say I think it actually was the
leading played the leading role in this
whole process and as I said there is now
in the post
Isis phase in Syria I think we've
entered into a new a new phase or a new
stage whereby the US will focus its
efforts on countering Iran on Katherine
the Syrian army has b√¥la' possibly
maybe countering by proxy the Russian
military in Syria as well it's gonna be
fascinating to see how this unfolds
Middle East expert Ally risk thank you
very much
