in the wake of the fall of Islamic state
families in Syria and Iraq are
attempting to rebuild their lives
the Kurdish speaking Yazidi minority in
northern Iraq has been among the
worst-hit with thousands killed and
thousands more kidnapped to serve the
terrorists only half of them have
returned those that did come back were
at the mercy of smugglers charging vast
amounts other families paid ransoms
directly to ISIL terrorists who
increasingly relied on that income as
other sources of funding collapsed
lottie's emirate gas dear have spoke
with one woman held hostage by the
militants he also talked to her mother
forced to buy back her daughter from
Islamic state these are their stories
it takes either great bravery or great
desperation to act in the chaos of
battle when the Jets came for Isis Samia
acted locked the door but I broke the
window and got out that way
I ran for a day and a night where did he
run from they resort a local family who
were not with ISIL took me in they hid
me they told me where the Kurdish forces
were Samia and her family were captured
by Isis back in 2014 she escaped barely
two weeks ago I was pregnant but I was
so terrified that I lost my child my
husband and my family were captured I
was left alone with my mother so he took
poison I decided it was better to die
when they caught me I thought that since
my family my husband in my house were
gone it would be better to die she was a
slave made to work in the factories do
menial work beaten for any offense and
then the man would offer us as gifts in
the evenings they would get together and
trade the women and have their fun with
us
she now lives with her mother near the
hoop northern Iraq home to many
displaced his Edie's and returned ones
far from rape beatings and humiliation
but there's no escape from the memories
this photo was taken three years ago the
Renzi's another happy uzg family from
Northwest Iraq all of them but the
mother were killed or captured as they
fled from Isis pool but to a dead or
missing it was indescribable for me
well I've turned into endless suffering
tears and hunger I couldn't do anything
but cry for years she lived in pain and
torment it was a freak phone call that
changed her life
someone had recognized her daughter but
the telephone had someone contacted my
relatives and told them that they have
found a photo of a girl on Facebook they
asked if it was my child and they
recognized her the seller was in Turkey
but said she would deliver her to
Baghdad we paid over $10,000 enos seems
happy if a little hyperactive and
boisterous and impatient and entirely
adorable try as we might we couldn't get
as a talk though her mother says that
she has trouble getting her to be quiet
she was 5 when she was taken by Isis 9
when she was returned she didn't
recognize me at first and I cried a lot
about that later she told me that she
was upset that I was crying the whole
time they both saved each other their
reunion and ones like it give hope to
thousands of people hope that one day
they'll be able to get their missing
families and loved ones back before it's
too late more ideas diem RT from the
hoop Iraq estimates vary but according
to Kurdish officials over 6,000 years
ODS were abducted by ISIL in 24
tene alone half of them remain missing
we spoke to a number of experts who
believe not enough is being done to
improve the situation either by Iraq or
internationally this community have been
suffering have been suffered so much
throughout this genocide three years
have passed the community is still
vastly displaced in the refugee camps
the woman who brought back to cap from
captivity are not taken care of and
those who are still in captivity are
still there and there has been no
international effort whatsoever to look
into
decd plate what we feel that the
genocide is still ongoing and the
international community hasn't done much
to repeal this genocide in the process
of the battles against Isis of course
thousands of civilians were killed and
among them surely also you see these
DVDs that were being held prisoners by
Isis though you have not seen if any
serious efforts by the Kurdish or
Baghdad government to ensure that ezd
victims get their day in court and get
justice for what has been done to them
well on Friday we will add the story of
one girl kidnapped by ISIL when she was
just 15 that was almost three years ago
but only now has she managed to return
home for the first video of her arrival
and her tragic story under the Caliphate
you can watch this channel on Friday
