the German Chancellor's approval ratings
have taken a nosedive over the past
three months according to a recent poll
Angela Merkel's popularity has dropped
from 44 percent in October to just 36
percent this month and this comes as
Merkel struggles to build a governing
coalition following September's
inconclusive election a talks between
Merkel's conservative bloc and two other
parties collapsed in November that
resulted from the Chancellor's failure
to strike a compromise with the free
democratic party on key issues including
migration policy we will not abandon our
voters for a policy with which we are
not convinced it is better not to govern
than to govern badly sicyon talk it is a
day of deep reflection on how to go
forward in Germany as a Chancellor I
will do everything to ensure that this
country is well-managed
in the difficult weeks to come we are
not entering a grand coalition we said
this clearly in this room after the
elections and we still stand by this
really vemma former vice chief of the
OSCE assembly told us the Chancellor is
unlikely to serve out a full four-year
term when we hit the elections some
months ago it was already in a political
sense diss on guessing so it was the
first step into having a change in
German government whether you find a new
government on
but on our German circumstances it
usually starts this way when these talks
which start on the 7th of January to
create a result I think no one expects
that it will last for four years the
whole term of a normal government in
Germany and therefore I think it is a
critical development for the country as
a whole we have a economy which is
flourishing and we have a political
system which is in change
