a North Korean soldier who defected to
South Korea this year has reportedly
been found to be carrying anthrax
antibodies in his blood sad it's a media
panic over Pyongyang possibly developing
biological weapons Kim jong-un has the
capability to weaponize more than a
dozen biological agents within just a
few days if he wants to wreak havoc on
the Korean Peninsula increased concern
that Pyongyang is developing biological
weapons something long suspected by the
international community so recently the
South Korean government reportedly
purchased 1,000 doses of a vaccine
against anthrax the supplies were
delivered in November according to media
reports now to give you some background
back in 2015 the US military admitted to
accidentally sending a batch of anthrax
to a base in South Korea however no
personnel were infected and the deadly
bacteria was destroyed author and human
rights attorney Eric Surratt convinced
the fear-mongering over the issue of
North Korean biological weapons just
makes war more likely there is no intent
or no necessity to defend against these
chemical weapons in South Korea at this
time it's no one I think should be
looking at the issue of how many people
died with a nuclear weapon how many
people died with anthrax it kind of
misses the point because what we're
really facing is how do we have this
regime brought into more of a mainstream
with the international community how do
we do that that accept through dialogue
and my concern is that by dehumanizing
it even further and raising the
immediate risk factor in the fear around
chemical and biological weapons we begin
to grease the path for war
