an Israeli Court will decide later on
Thursday whether to keep a 16-year old
girl
Palestinian girl in custody ahead Tamimi
attacked Israeli soldiers in the West
Bank village of Nabi Saleh after she saw
two soldiers who had reportedly shot her
teen cousin an hour earlier in front of
her house the video of the incident went
viral and is seen by many as a symbol of
Palestinian resistance the video hero
showing a head and her cousin slapping
kicking in world punching IDF soldiers a
mother then joins them as you can see
that two soldiers don't respond and all
three women are currently in custody
an Israeli rubber bullet hit Timmy's
cousin fourteen-year-old Mohammed in the
face during protests against the u.s.
decision to recognize Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel
Abbas el al Tamimi who is also an
anti-israel activist says that his
daughter feels she had no choice but to
take action do you like to call himself
as a freedom fighter what a fighter for
the Palestinian issue she believed that
we must any struggle directly all the
time she need to be in front of the
soldier in the direct react and the
clashes with the army this is what she
believed in for that would be where I
saw her when she saw that the army she
became more active more power and she
won't really to fight them we've
requested the Israeli Defense Forces
comment on the girls case they have said
that not only a slapping incident but a
participation in violent riots with rock
throwing is under the courts
investigation Ori Weisberg who has
talked Jewish Studies at the Michigan
State University and a former IDF
soldier says protesting is not the case
here what happened last week and the
video that's gone viral with her
slapping and pushing two soldiers is not
part of a protest it went much more
viral once they showed up
later on a few days later early in the
morning and arrested her a 16 year old
girl for pushing somebody who was
without any sort of authorization
standing on her property image of a
fearless young woman she's 16
standing up to fully armed soldiers and
the soldiers if you noticed they come
into these villages and I did when I
served in the IDF as well fully armed
for battle the heavy military presence
within Palestinian communities is 30
years old
the amount of force is overwhelming
these soldiers are only partially
trained for doing what are essentially
police duties but you notice they're in
full battle dress they don't look like
police men I don't think that the IDF
sees itself as in a precarious position
