- two days of fractious meetings with
his counterparts at the United Nations
Donald Trump held a special news
conference with the world's media on
Wednesday night and when he was grilled
over his latest claims he received an
unexpected reaction this is quite a
gathering Wow
it's a lot of people a lot of media
Americas so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay they love how honest he is and it's
not diplomatic and they find it funny
let me tell you all day yesterday they
were falling over themselves to get a
picture with him to talk about how great
his speech was how strong it was whether
he said good things about them or not
they loved that he's honest with them
they weren't laughing at me they were
laughing with me we had fun well at
press conference Donald Trump attacked
old enemies like Iran and China but he
also talked about Syria and the success
achieved there with more now from New
York his early petrenko if Syria is on
the road to peace that is mostly because
of Donald Trump's own efforts at least
that's the way the president season I
put out on social media and elsewhere I
gave Mike Pompeo John Bolton everybody
these orders don't let it happen I said
don't let it happen that doesn't mean
they can't be selective they can't be
you know go in and they've got to do
what they've got to do with terrorists
assume the terrorists but don't kill
millions of people
and it's stop do you saw that it was
quite surprising to hear the president
repeat the words thank you to Syria Iran
and Russia for putting the idli
offensive on a halt but whenever else
the president mentioned the word Iran it
was nothing pleasant to say the least
very strong language and also at the
press conference mr. Trump continued to
bash the Iran nuclear deal
very hard we know that pretty much the
rest of the world disagrees with the
American leader on that but during his
speech mr. Trump made it clear that he
doesn't really get bothered by that this
week you put out a call to action to
other countries to rally with America to
put
on Iran rouhani's still calling for the
u.s. to come back into the old deal but
after meeting with world leaders this
week did you make any progress towards a
potential new deal it doesn't matter
what world leaders think on Iran Iran's
gonna come back to me and they're gonna
make a good deal and that's even after
President Trump's first ever
chairmanship of the UN Security Council
where he can't have misheard an entire
round table of other world leaders and
government ministers I asked all members
of the Security Council to work with the
United States to ensure the Iranian
regime changes its behavior deeply
regrets the United States unilateral
withdrawal from the agreement a decision
with far-reaching consequences that
makes our world more unsafe Olivia
categorically condemns the unilateral
actions imposed by the governments of
the u.s. against Iran we agree with US
president's objectives on Iran but we
disagree with the methods for achieving
them Iran is abiding by its commitment
under the deal it remains the best means
of preventing Iran developing a nuclear
weapon this is something that we are
actively working on together with China
Iran and the EU
well the dispute between the EU and the
US over how to deal with Iran has
escalated dramatically in recent days on
Monday the bloc's foreign policy chief
announced that Europe will be working
with Russia and China to create special
payment channels to allow trade with
Iran to continue in defiance of US
sanctions and that has sparked harsh
words from Washington the European Union
has this so wrong and it's all because
of their ego and their pride you've got
a MS mogherini who helped get this deal
together she's trying to hold a deal
together because she did it but she's
not looking out for the best interests
of the European countries who number one
don't want to do business with Iran the
reason that she's attacking based on ego
and pride is because she's deflecting
the fact that the United States has
nothing but ego and pride when it comes
to the way in which were miss handling
trade deals miss handling the way we
treat other countries what the US should
be doing right now is actually trying to
go in that direction which is to open up
trade with other countries let American
culture spread when businesses and
consumers in other countries learn more
about the way we think and the way we
are the ideas of America the ideas of
freedom freedom of the press liberalism
these are great ideas but we're not
gonna spread them by cutting ourselves
off and there is nothing more arrogant
nothing more foolish nothing more
counterproductive then cutting ourselves
off cutting our ideas off from the rest
of the world
you
