an explosion that ripped through a
supermarket in the Russian city of San
Petersburg was a terrorist attack this
has been confirmed now by Vladimir Putin
13 people have been confirmed injured
with six still in hospital sure your
gear yesterday there was a terror attack
in some petersburg and just recently
security services prevented another
terror attempt supermarket security
cameras filmed this man entering the
building and leaving his backpack in a
locker it's reported that the police
believed that he was the perpetrator of
the attack we can show you images from
inside the shop where the device went
off the bomb was placed inside a locker
near the entrance to the supermarket the
investigators initially opened a
criminal case on the grounds of
attempted mass murder however now it has
been confirmed as a terror attack Ilya
petrenko has more details from the scene
the area around the supermarket is no
longer a no access zone but no one is
allowed to go inside we're clearly work
is underway the blast was as powerful as
the detonation of 200 grams of TNT plus
what the authorities are calling an
improvised explosive device was stuffed
with metal balls apparently for more
damage doors and supermarkets across st.
Petersburg are packed with locals who
are prepping for what could be the most
celebrated holiday in Russia the New
Year's Eve earlier we spoke to some
witnesses of this blast and here's what
they told us I saw a woman come out of
the supermarket with her jacket torn and
blood in her face and a man limping
there was a lot of smoke I was on the
bus home from work and when I got out at
about 650 I heard a bang and walked over
here there were already ambulances fire
fighters and smoke I live 500 meters
away so the sound of the blasts could be
heard over there I saw lots of
ambulances fire trucks and police
heading here and then I was told there
had been an explosion I got scared
because there was another blast back in
April so my first thought was God
for bid it's another terror attack the
last major terrorist attack in Russia
happened at a metro train in this city
in the coming days security here will be
overwhelming
