leader of Russia's Chechen Republic has
had his Facebook and Instagram accounts
blocked that's after the US Treasury
included his name in a list of
sanctioned individuals Allah Petrenko
has more so since last weekend the
Facebook and Instagram accounts of the
head of Russia's Chechnya region Ramzan
Kadyrov have been unavailable that's
more than just regular offline status
isn't it the pages were blocked it was
big news in Russia and Chechnya since
mr. Qadir f is a really big fan of
social media it's a bit like Donald
Trump and Twitter on a smaller scale but
the total of four million subscribers
that's something it's more than changing
his population coderre of x' instagram
became one of the main if not the number
one new source in the region the reasons
for taking the Chechen president offline
were first unclear but it's easy to
start drawing conclusions given the band
followed US sanctions so quickly and
there you have it a few days later
Facebook admits it if you read the
network's
Terms of Use you'll find it rather
difficult to interpret the rules on
banning people but the question is why
have the pages of Russian companies for
instance MOA tree hardware producers
which are also under sanctions not also
been blocked so after all online giant
Facebook seems to be quite vulnerable to
pressure from Washington some may now
even say that they could have seen it
coming after hearings like this in
America the extent to which the Russians
exploited your platforms maybe this
isn't something this isn't something
just the government has to do this is
something that you guys have to deal
with and and fix this brings us to the
question of who won or who lost in this
indeed the ban is an inconvenience for
an Amazon Cathy Tove he ends up having
to switch to Russian equivalents of
Facebook and Instagram think of it as
let's say switching from Apple to
Android but where does this leave the
reputation of Facebook and its attempts
to keep up the image of being
independent time will tell but I bet
users will stir
having second thoughts about their
social media lives after this not only
in Russia but around the world let's get
more insight now from Charles Alltel
private investor and writer thanks for
joining us sir good to have you on the
program this moved by Facebook who
actually follows obviously the US
government's decision to impose that the
sanctions on mr. Qadir off the travel of
financial restrictions etc under the the
Magnitsky act for alleged human rights
abuses I mean we've got to be careful
here not to add two and two and sort of
get five but do you think this is a
coincidence here do you think the move
has anything to do with the us-backed
here well I don't I mean I think first
of all Mark Zuckerberg and the Facebook
teams leans very heavily to the left so
it's highly unlikely that that team
would be cooperating actively with the
Trump administration in my view I think
there are proper and deep questions that
need to be asked about the power that
Facebook and Google and Twitter now have
in the modern world where there are so
few global platforms and so many of us
put so much of our personal and other
information on these platforms not
thinking how valuable that information
may be and the patterns may be to the
advertisers that pay Mark Zuckerberg and
his stockholders and the other
stockholders lots and lots of money for
information that we basically see as
worthless so this is an area where I
actually think government authorities
around the world need to think more
carefully about just how much power
Facebook and others like Facebook have I
mean in terms of the corporation you
mentioned there would with the Trump
administration I mean the leaders of
these tech giants the Facebook Google
Twitter they were grilled you know just
a couple of weeks ago by Congress so
were those Russian allegations meddling
as a result you know accounts were found
some of them I believe were banned as
well I mean how much pressure do you
think these tech giants actually find
themselves under not specifically with
the Ramzan Kadyrov case but we're
talking in general here with these you
know accusations I think that the the
tech giant's may believe for the moment
that they're invulnerable but what they
have to understand is you know yes their
market value is probably approach
depending on who's you
include half a trillion dollars which is
a lot of money and it's concentrated
typically in the hands of a very small
person executives in each case you know
they've got to worry I think about when
our Congress and government governments
around the world will start asking the
questions how anti-competitive might
their behavior actually be and what sort
of fair warnings should be given to
users before they part and actively get
engaged in in those various communities
so I think a reckoning approaches for
those companies I don't but I wouldn't
look at any of them as being overly Pro
Trump at this point I think they're
decidedly anti Trump just in terms of
you know you mentioned that the warnings
given to individuals this isn't the
first case of an individual either being
having their blue tick removed from
social media or being banned outright by
social media platforms we've had a
number of you know right-wing figures
suffer similar fates does this overall
precedent set a waring trend where Texas
Giants can beside that somebody even
with a large following somebody that you
know the public might want to hear their
opinions of in ramazan candido's case I
believe four million followers they can
take the decision to ban them absolutely
and you know how our Google search
results higher
what's the hierarchy of deciding what
appears first who gets screened out of
the google search which is I think one
of the most important tools that people
now use around the world how fairly are
the algorithms applied you know why in
the case of Amazon are the book reviews
so heavily skewed towards on Hillary
Clinton's latest book when in her book
is I think a disaster why does it make
it look positive I mean there's a lot of
tough questions I think really need to
be asked and not the way we do it in
Congress where each Congress person gets
five minutes and you never get a head of
steam to ask the kind of probing
questions that really need to be asked
and answered all right Charles will tell
private investor and writer thanks for
your take on that story here today on
our two great to have you on the program
