security guard has been shot dead at a
sweep Factory in southeast Moscow our
correspondent Medina called Chenevert is
at the scene for us
Medina good afternoon just run through
then what we know so far well the
shooting took place at one of the
confectionary factories located in
southeast of the capital now this is the
industrial zone of the city and at the
moment the area is cordoned off by
police so this is really the the closest
we can get as you can see there is a lot
of there is a lot of media different TV
stations here now we see police cars at
the back I've also spotted a special
security forces here but we can't get
inside as the area is blocked by local
police now in the past hour we've been
receiving really conflicting reports as
to what happened this Wednesday morning
at the factory but we do know that the
shooter is believed to be the former
director and a shareholder of the
factory he came this morning to work and
so Bay Leafs operating inside as the
factory has quite a substantial Adad now
during a conflict that he had he opened
fire and he started shooting at the
babies but they managed to run away and
barricaded themselves at the factory now
he was then confronted by a security
guard he shot the security guard who
later died at the scene business of M
radio station managed to talk to the
gunman he said that he was deprived of
his factory that a fake bankruptcy case
was opened against him he also claimed
that he's been struggling for several
years and I believe we can now listen to
a bit of his statement I'm the director
I've Peary carried myself in my company
was taken away by forged documents I was
robbed blind I will fight to the end if
I stay alive now I'm surrounded by
Special Operations Forces all fine now I
rather shoot myself or surrender
there were also reports of possible
hostages at the factory but that
information was later not confirmed by
local police that information was denied
and now we know that the gunman is still
at large he might be at the factory but
police sources are not giving any any
concrete information but we do know that
some people are still inside there they
have barricaded themselves inside and
they're hiding out of danger again the
area is cordoned off and there is a lot
of police presence here as well as the
media okay thanks Medina that was Medina
Khatri another live for us at the scene
thank you
