hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
president Donald Trump's 2017 national
security strategy report tells us how he
sees the world or rather how the
Washington foreign policy leads to for a
candidate who ran on a message of change
the report is unremarkable in its
defense of status quo policies and views
clearly Washington's neo-cons
are running the show
crosstalking national security strategy
i'm joined by my guests in washington
Michael O'Hanlon he is a senior fellow
at the Brookings Institution and we have
Brian Becker he is the director of the
answer coalition as well as host of loud
and clear a daily news show on radio
Sputnik all right gentlemen crosstalk
rules in effect that means you can jump
in any time you want and I always
appreciate it well Brian let me go to
you first I'll be quite blunt I mean I I
read it quite carefully
it seems more or less a continuation of
what we've seen for almost the last 30
years it actually seems a lot more
confrontational I would say the some of
the points that about trade I to
actually agree with on immigration I
actually agree with but more or less the
same you know the guy the people that
wrote the 2017 report could have written
the 1/2 justifying the Iraq war if you
actually compare texts they're very
similar in the words they use go ahead
Brian well I think I'm glad you
mentioned the the Iraq war because the
national security strategy which is a
congressionally mandated report from the
executive branch
it sometimes is a predictor of what's
coming in in the case of George W Bush
six months before the invasion the shock
and awe invasion of Iraq bush came out
with the national security strategy
which provided although we didn't use
the exact words of pre-emptive war it
was the logic of pre-emptive war in
other words the u.s. irrigating to
itself the right to perceive threats and
and go to war against them even before
the US has been attacked of course that
would be a violation of the UN Charter
and international law but nonetheless it
became a powerful logical explanation
for what came later the question now
with Donald Trump's national security
strategy is does this predict where
Trump is really going and and I think it
I think it does I mean he mentioned
China 24 times the report mentions China
24 times all of them in a bellicose
aggressive way it mentions Russia in a
bellicose an aggressive way there's no
kind
words for either China or Russia Iraq in
North Korea are rogue states and of
course non-state actors terrorism is the
third dimension of the threat to America
and so you have the Trump administration
sort of bringing together the America
first or overarching sort of agitprop of
the Trump election campaign with this
idea that the rise of China or the
reemergence of Russia now back on its
feet means that America is receding that
America is being humbled that America is
the victim that America is threatened
and so I think what Trump is actually
done is articulate the not just the
possibility of a new Cold War but the
logic of a new Cold War and thus it
becomes almost official in Washington
and things will follow from that okay
well that's a very interesting take away
Mike what was your reaction to it
because we there it was over a year ago
I think it was when we still had
candidate Trump and he was in the
national interest I think his article
was I mean this principled realism I I
still don't see anything principled and
I don't see any really realism in it
here go ahead Mike hi Peter nice to be
with you I agree with some of what Brian
just said I do think that there is a
tone in the report that is strong and
that tries to push back and that push
backs it pushes back strongly against
China Russia North Korea and Iran I
agree with all that I do however and by
the way you're aware I'm not a supporter
of President Trump and I never was but I
know who he is and I know why he got
elected and the putting America first
concept if I could just begin with that
in my in my first comment because that
is the centerpiece of the opening page
and I think the title of the report or
at least the subtitle and I think
frankly the way in which that concept is
described is basically okay now I share
some of your and Brian's concerns about
the tone towards certain countries that
we can come back to that but putting
America first of course can be
interpreted as a zero-sum competition
among nations or it can be interpreted
as here are principles we're going to
try to live by we expect others to live
by them and if we can all do that then
we can all prosper
and at least in terms of the theory of
the report at least in terms of the
language that's on the paper I think
that it's more of a second that in fact
there is an effort here to say we should
be able to get along with other
countries so some of the criticisms
about the sort of generally negative
tone of the report I don't really agree
with that I do agree that the report is
very tough on China and Russia and North
Korea and Iran okay right let me read
you a short fragment here and this is
directly undirected to Russia and China
these competitions of Russia and China
require the United States to rethink the
policies of the past two decades
policies based on the assumption that
engagement with rivals and their
inclusion in the in international
institutions and global commerce will
turn them into benign benign amazing
actors and trustworthy partner for the
most part this premise turned out to be
false I mean this is really remarkable
it is you know it's not the
international system it's the
international system as its perceived
and constructed by the Washington
Consensus and if the Chinese and the
Russians don't want to play by our rules
Washington's rules they are rivals even
adversaries I I find it this language
extremely arrogant because it doesn't it
doesn't bring good policy foreign policy
results for the United States and I
would say for the world
go ahead Brian yes absolutely I'm so
glad that you read that particular part
of the report because it says so much
it's not just that that part of the
report is not simply an attack on Russia
or China
it's a repudiation of past US policy or
the perception of US policy since the
end of the Soviet Union when they're
talking about going back a couple
decades we're talking about going back
to the time of the collapse of the
Soviet Union and the socialist bloc
countries so Trump is repudiating in the
past 25 years well during the past 25
years the United States sought to
function as a unipolar dominating power
but still used multilateral institutions
in other words kept the framework of
multilateralism the hallmark of American
foreign policy at the conclusion of
World War two and key to the construct
of the post-world War two World Order
that had the United States in charge but
in a multilateral framework where
different powers including its defeated
enemies from world war ii Japan and
Germany had a place they had a place as
junior partners where they were given
access to markets etc rather than what
happened after World War one Trump I
think is stepping back on a lot of
levels of the abandonment of the Paris
climate treaty the the rejection of TPP
the rejection of almost anything that
has to do with a multilateral framework
the ripping up of the joint
comprehensive plan or is trying to
sabotage it the Iran nuclear arms deal
we see in this document that thus in
America first that says America will be
the dominant power we're no longer going
to pretend that multilateralism is
enough to keep China and Russia and
other countries in their place because
they are rising and so America must put
them back in their place and thus it
will be by the by the exercise of
American clout American threats American
intimidation we see that at the UN today
Trump is telling the rest of the world
if you vote the wrong way today on
Jerusalem you're going to be punished
that's not engagement that's that's
bellicosity
and using either military or the threats
of military or economic aggression or
sanctions as the way of disciplining or
policing the new post-world War and now
post Cold War order that's very
interesting
you know Mike when I read the report I
found it to be very defensive about
defense okay because I what really
disturbed me was the lack of using
diplomatic tools I really very much
agree with what Brian was having to say
here I mean particularly China I mean
we've seen this in history over and over
again a rising power either you you know
back off and let it happen
you deal with it or you have a war okay
and it seems to me out of the three
options here this administration is
actually telling us get ready for a
confrontation I don't think it's really
necessary but that's what it looks like
go ahead Mike yeah Peter so thank you
let me focus like you just did on China
for a minute I thought it was a little
too strong the report in terms of how it
talked about China I think
should have been a statement to
acknowledge just how far
China's come and how much progress it's
made and and the order the international
order that you and Brian were talking
about did help make it possible so it
was American strategy in conjunction
with other countries including the
Soviet Union but also our allies that
created a UN system and then in the West
that created an economic system that
facilitated China's rise so whatever
China's rise has become it was partly
our doing and partly our hope now there
are problems in the us-china economic
relationship and I think we do need to
take those very seriously but I agree
with you that the tone overall is is too
negative you know right now we have
security concerns about China but that
is to some extent inevitable with the
rising power and I think overall I have
worries about China too but most of its
military activities that we don't like
are in the uninhabited islets of the
South China Sea and they're not
attacking other countries they're not
doing things that historically you know
rising powers did at the beginning of
the 20th century for example you know
there should have been a little more
measuring I agree with Mike let me stay
with you here I mean you didn't put
yourself in the Chinese position in
Beijing and they read this report here
and then they hear from the American
White House or the State Department why
don't you help us more on North Korea I
mean if I was sitting in Beijing I said
well what are you talking about these
are your words this is your official
policy and you come to us for help I
mean it's really quite remarkable the
same thing and actually can be applied
to Russia I mean Bell Khosla language
towards Russia but then they say we need
your help or you're not doing enough to
fight terrorism mean I mean if you're
outside that bubble it's really kind of
you know odd rhetoric coming out of this
government here 30 seconds I'll stay
with you Mike before we go to the break
go ahead well I would treat Russia and
China very differently and I'm sure
we'll come back to Russia and we were
like it was interesting that in his
speech in his speech President Trump did
not use negative language especially
about Russia in fact he talked about the
phone call he and President Putin had
had thanking each other for recent
cooperation and so that was a distinct
contrast the speech was a distinct
contrast to the written report okay
gentlemen I'm gonna jump in here we're
gonna go to a short break and after that
short break we'll continue our
discussion on
view of the world stay with Artie
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Belcher
imagine were discussing Trump's view of
the world
okay the continued discussion where
Michael Flanagan who's ago going to join
us he's the president of planning and
consulting and he's a former congressman
Michael it's good to have you on the
program as we ended the first half of
you we were talking about the this
report that the president has put out
and we were talking about Russia and
China and Mike and also in Washington
out is something that you know the tone
while both negative to both countries is
slightly less negative towards Russia I
know what that's all about and I'm gonna
say before I ask you a question that
train has already left the station i
there's always been a suspicion here or
hope that you know you could divide
Russia in China to have to slow down
their kind of growing a lion strategic
alliance and I think that's a pipe dream
now I think that is over and I don't
think the Russians are gonna be enticed
back there not enough sticks and there
not enough carrots for that after what's
happened over the last few years you
know talk about that a little bit there
because that's a strategy that people
want to have happen but it isn't gonna
happen go ahead I'm not sure Trump wants
that to happen I I think the the gist of
this this document I think and you have
to read it in the main from whether the
discussion that I've heard so far is is
is is parsing the exact words and that's
a wonderful thing to do it's appropriate
but in the main I think we're seeing a
move in strategic views of the world by
the United States that a puts America
first and and it's not about America
over Japan over Russia over Europe it's
about America we're gonna take care of
what we need to take care of at home
before we give away the sovereignty
money work whatever else we need to put
ourselves in peril for some other
external need and I think that's what's
being said here and I just came back
from a conference in India where that
same confusion kind of reigned among
internationals we really didn't
understand that America first is is a
common doctrine in every country what
country would not want its own
government to put its own people first
internally and then externally do its
work for it so I I think I think we got
to kind of have a base understanding of
that to begin with secondly your
a huge emphasis of using trade and using
economics as foreign policy and more so
than United States is done in maybe a
hundred years and I think that's a lot
of what's at work here the tough
language with Russia or China it's in
here yes I it's in there and and I I - I
joined the panel and wish that it were
not so tough but then again you have a
non diplomat in the Oval Office you've
got a guy there who speaks very plainly
and also is the art of the deal so
there's always there's always a certain
give-and-take in to what he says does he
really mean this does he really mean
that in the main he's being honest with
you but the emphasis kind of goes back
and forth well it's right I wouldn't
live and die on particular words or
phrases in there no it's a really
extremely good point and I've already
mentioned in the program the what the
report was important to greatest
immigration and trade I'm pretty much in
agreement I mean and that's what he ran
on and that's what he's been doing as
president here but Brian yeah you know
taking on board what we just heard there
I think they wanted both ways cuz I do
see Donald Trump's fingerprints on this
but I see you know 30 years of
neoconservatives their fingerprints all
over it as well and and that's it again
if that's why it makes the kind of
difficult read to try to figure out you
know to glean through what's really
happening here because I mean look at
the emphasis on on Israel and and and
Saudi Arabia and and of course you know
we we ran is mentioned is Iran is
described as the scourge of the world I
mean what kind of serious documents that
scourge of the world I mean I we all
pretty much know where that came from go
ahead Brian yes I consider this document
while still representing a lot of
continuity in US foreign policy
and of course it's it's partly drafted
by National Security Council and the
Joint Chiefs and the CIA they all get a
first dip at the first drafts there is
continuity but I think this represents a
sharp shift especially given the fact
that the joint comprehensive plan of
action the so-called Iran nuclear arms
deal for instance could have been the
precursor to a new sort of thaw in
relations between the United States in
Iran in the Middle East I mean they're
cooperating in Iraq they have the same
enemy in some ways in Syria or at least
the
say they do but this is a sharp reversal
of any sort of possibility for that the
confrontational language with China or
in with Russia which goes against what
Trump was sort of suggesting which
during the campaign and afterwards like
why not have good relations with Russia
doesn't it make sense
this document adopts a strategic
orientation that goes in a different
direction the America first stuff is
sort of a sort of a combination of
campaign slogan earring and still you
know some differentials and trade policy
and immigration but in terms of foreign
policy orientations towards Russia China
major players it doesn't it's not the
same and I think that we're going down
this is the embrace of the new Cold War
in providing the logic for the new Cold
War and if anything it means Trump is
not only just capitulated not just
surrendered to the cold warriors in the
neo cons but he's enthusiastically
embracing it he wanted to do it he's the
first president to actually articulate
what's in the document at the time of
its publication Bush didn't do that
Obama didn't do that he wasn't required
to do it he wanted to do it and that's
where Trump is heading okay you know
Mike one of the things that's
interesting to me is that I mean we
still have and I have already invoked
the attack on Iraq where you know it's
all about American hegemony and I know
people don't like that word but I mean
this document is basically saying to
assure American and Jenna me where there
is no rifle power that has a hegemony in
one of the great regions of the world
here and and this is a strategy to make
sure that doesn't happen here okay I can
I can understand that but I don't
understand how that makes America great
again I mean look at all of the
catastrophes a u.s. foreign policies
experienced since the end of the Cold
War particularly in this century here
and I and I give a hat tip to Brian I
see I understand what he was saying
about some of the differences but at the
core it is still making sure that no
other country in the world can rival the
United States but that the unipolar
moment is coming to an end why doesn't
the United States articulate a policy
where it works in unison with other
powers we're not no we're not
always going to agree on things rivalry
is not always a bad word competition is
good but III don't see foreign policy
elites in Washington understand this
unipolar moment is coming to an end go
ahead Mike
well Peter let me hone in on one
specific issue that your broad point
raises which is NATO expansion and I'm
gonna make a hopeful comment here I did
not see the national security strategy
reiterate our long-standing commitment
to further NATO expansion you may recall
that I wrote a short book this summer in
which I advocated that we no longer
expand NATO provided that President
Putin would agree to resolve the
territorial disputes to mutual
satisfaction with Ukraine and Georgia
and also allow those countries someday
to join the European Union if they're
invited and so wish that would be the
new security architecture I propose
noting in this document rules that kind
of idea out there is not the traditional
commitment to further expand NATO to the
east which I don't think is directed at
Russia's expense but if I were a Russian
I realized I would look at it perhaps
quite differently I realize most
Russians do look at it differently and I
think we've gone far enough with that
logic
luckily the national security strategy
does not endorse further NATO expansion
at least not explicitly and I hope that
creates some room for maneuver on that
issue so your big broad points that
raises a lot of stuff you know what Mike
what you know Easter yeah but I I know
the thesis of your book here and it's
it's worth a conversation I agree okay
we know we're very far apart on this
here but you know we just had in the
last news cycle the Trump administration
is gonna sell lethal arms to Ukraine
great you know that that's that's just
plain stupid just plain stupid okay and
that's that's a topic for another
program let me go back to Michael here
we cuz I want to make sure you get it a
little bit more time on this program
here I mean Michael how does it how does
terms of foreign policy make America
great again it's a great question and I
I would I wish this were a three-hour
program because I think impact which
your your guests have said I mean this
is this is a great program Peter you're
not wrong but let me let me maybe focus
your emphasis just a little bit of side
again
it's a non diplomatic president it's a
man who doesn't have a career in public
office and it's also a man who believes
that personally interpersonally he is
going to be able to deal with foreign
leaders on a one-on-one basis he enjoys
a terrific relationship at least on the
surface with the premier of Japan with
with the the Prime Minister Japan with
the premier of China
with mr. Modi and India and other places
as well and in the in the in the recent
past they've had very positive personal
conversations with mr. Putin about
things of interest to both countries
even after this documentary or while
this document was being being
promulgated so the document does
national policy yes of course it's it's
there's nothing in here that's a lie
certainly but there there's nothing in
here that you have to take to the bank
and nail to the wall and say this is
absolutely gonna be how it's gonna be
because it says so here
that's diplomat talk that's government
talk I think you've got a guy who's
going to work it in a way that he sees
it in the excellency at the moment in
the larger parameters of the stock
Michael Michael let me go to Bryan here
a rapidly running out of time here I
mean you know again you know where's the
diplomacy all this and let's look at
actions I mean you have nikki Haley I
mean she's a disgrace gentleman she's a
disgrace that kind of behavior it at
that forum here I mean basically we're
gonna take your name and watch out we're
we're gonna remember you I mean that's
just that's just bullying it's very
primitive
there's no professionalism there I mean
that this isolates the United States I
mean it's really a truly an
embarrassment on an ash on an
international stage go ahead Bryan yeah
indeed but it's not that far different
from what Trump is doing right now this
week threatening the the member states
of the UN where we're gonna pay
attention will cut your aid we don't
care a language like that I think what
we're witnessing here is I think the
Trump orientation was to sort of retreat
from the world stage and I think Trump's
policies are contributing to a u.s.
contraction from the world stage and its
influence you can't as you said in the
beginning Peter Sayed is using ping in
China we really want to work together we
love you we have a great relationship we
you
of us and by the way we're going to
mention you 24 times in our national
security report and and and discuss you
in the most bellicose aggressive way and
then and then expect China to be like oh
that's great
no China was shocked by this report
China was stunned if you read the
Chinese media this week they were taken
aback they did not expect this to come
and they don't really count that much on
the primacy of individual relations this
is an institutional document even if
some of it is just whatever language the
language of annual reports nonetheless
the Chinese see in this report something
that they did not expect they were very
hopeful and I think the Russians were
earlier hopeful the Trump would mean
something new something less oriented
towards aggression and towards regime
change towards unipolar domination that
America first know like it doesn't I
have to jump in here gentlemen we'll
find out if this report actually is a
blueprint for the future many thanks to
my guests in Washington and thanks to
our viewers for watching us here at RT
see you next time and remember crosstalk
applause
