Russian Foreign Minister has had a frank
exchange with his American counterpart
over Washington's approach towards North
Korea the two spoke by phone with the
details later released by the Russian
Foreign Ministry Sergei Lavrov pointed
out once again that heightening tensions
over the Korean Peninsula through
Washington's aggressive rhetoric towards
Pyongyang and stepping up military
preparations in the region is
unacceptable a phone call took place
around the same time the u.s. sanctioned
to top North Korean officials who were
allegedly involved in the country's
ballistic missile program but in the
phone call a foreign minister lavrov
mentioned the u.s. stepping up its
military preparations in the region and
he was likely referring to recent
military exercises and even South Korea
has suggested postponing military drills
until after the Olympics but this
proposal was swiftly rejected by
secretary Tillerson it is possible for
South Korea in the u.s. to review the
possibility of postponing the exercises
I've made such a suggestion to the US
and the u.s. is currently reviewing it
these exercises have been ongoing for
many years I'm not aware of any plans to
change what is scheduled fiery rhetoric
between Washington and Pyongyang has
kept the international community on its
toes for quite some time now but let's
take a quick look at a recap the era of
strategic patience with the North Korean
regime has failed United States it's
prepared to use the full range of our
capabilities to defend ourselves and our
allies our respected leader Kim Jong
hoon said that the US would be unhappy
to witness North Korea's strategic power
on his Independence Day and called for
frequently sending big and small gift
packages the forthcoming measures to be
taken by the DPRK will cost the u.s. the
greatest pain and suffering it has ever
gone through in its entire history but
if it is forced to defend itself or its
allies we will have no choice but to
totally destroy North Korea we will
control the mentally deranged US doe
talk with
little rocket man rocket fuel for the
American because he is a sick puppy
Russia has repeatedly offered to mediate
the situation but we've been hearing
mixed messages from the Trump
administration so it's unclear whether
this phone call will make any difference
whatsoever but it definitely seems like
quite the positive direction
