after the fall of ISIL in Syria and Iraq
more tales of horror are emerging of
life under the terrorist rule Kurdish
minority families in Iraq known as juzd
suffered capture death or enslavement
our correspondent baragas D F has been
speaking with some of the families who
managed to survive the ordeal we will
show you the full interviews here on
Thursday although here is some of what's
to come we were captured we spent two
months in Iraq then we were taken to
Syria they made me a slave we were put
to work and held where the troops were
we were given one hour a day to rest
then I ran away they caught me and
locked me in a toilet for three days
without food or water I tried to escape
again and again but each time I was
caught beaten and severely tortured they
shot my friends we begged them for mercy
on our knees then we were hit by an
airstrike and I was concussed my head
still hurts I can't talk for long
yeah I was pregnant but I was so
terrified that I lost my child my
husband and family were captured I was
left alone with my mother so I took
poison I decided it was better to die
when they caught me I thought that since
my family my husband and my house were
gone it would be better to die well in
2014 up to 10,000 diseases were killed
or kidnapped by ISIL in a matter of days
of those a third were executed however
the true scale of the tragedy may never
be fully known the testimonies that have
emerged suggest many have been tortured
beheaded or even burnt alive in many
cases entire families were captured
together women and girls were often sold
as sex slaves while young boys were
forced to become ISIL fighters some
weren't even old enough for school when
they were forced to serve the terrorists
being sad wasn't that good my daughter
was five years old when she was captured
four years have passed since then so she
is nine we endured a lot of suffering my
brother escaped and I stayed at his
place then he died instant jar I was
desperate after his death and I went to
stay with my other brother he is poor
and has young children all girls
