situation in Iraq second largest city of
Mosul reports earlier from our
correspondent what I'm gas D if they're
on the reconstruction efforts we can get
more now from Ralf el Hadj the Red Cross
at regional spokesperson for the Middle
East thanks for joining us sir good to
have you on the program and it's been
more than five months now since Mosul
was liberated since operations finished
obviously any rebuilding process will
take a long long period of time but our
people managing to get their lives back
on track yes good evening Daniel sadly
we've seen the photos and and the images
on the report earlier this is how the
situation is and unfortunately thousands
and millions of people around the world
are not aware of what's happening in
Mosul or how the city really looks like
they people believe that once the
battles are over that the thousands and
hundreds of thousands of people who fled
Mosul and left their homes are able to
come back this is extremely wrong the
situation today is that hundreds of
thousands around five hundred to seven
hundred thousands of people who fled
Mosul are unable to go back because
primarily there is extreme and grave
danger to their lives when it comes to
unexploded remnants of war bombs are
everywhere booby traps are everywhere it
is very difficult to go back because the
services the infrastructure has been
totally damaged there is no access to
clean water in the city there's no
health care access and let alone the
markets that are needed to feed where
people can buy their basic goods that is
not fair at the moment the problem is
that people need to go back to the city
of Mosul as soon as possible to rebuild
but unfortunately there is some sort of
basically the city is forgotten as
mentioned in the report and humanitarian
workers and organizations are working in
the city for instance the Red Cross is
back to to the city of Mosul
we've opened an
is there so that we are able to help the
people on the ground so that we are able
to assess their needs firsthand however
just like my colleague from the
Norwegian Refugee Council was saying
earlier I have to say that all the
humanitarian organizations present in
Iraq and working in Mosul today are
unable to deal with the humanitarian
catastrophe that that the city has
witnessed the city needs a lot of aid
and not one single humanitarian
organization can really bring what is
needed today to Mosul you mentioned that
the work that you're carrying out other
NGOs as well on the ground we know it's
all over Iraq as well but what what
obstacles do you face while working in
such a difficult situation what are the
main challenges here main challenges of
course is to to reach out to the people
in need not many people have returned
back to Mosul the education industry or
the sector is also in ruins and there
are children who have not been able to
go back to school for over three years
now and now especially in Mosul are back
to living in camps in the Northeast and
the east side of the city there are
challenges to bring back the people they
won't go back before their houses are
rehabilitated we are seeing the footage
now on the screen how can they possibly
go back when the city has been almost
wiped off the face of the earth it's
very difficult to go back there is a lot
of efforts that needs to be done by all
parties involved the authorities and
humanitarian organizations to help
rebuild the city at least primarily when
it comes to infrastructure our part as
the International Committee of the Red
Cross we have started working with the
medical facilities in the city and
around the city supporting them with
medical supplies and and medicine needed
to treat the people who have decided to
go back so that they can have close and
quick access to medical medical care
there is also a really big problem in
this city and also it was mentioned in
the report the management of the dead
bodies who are lying around the city
there are
of people who meant went missing they
may still be under the rubble and for
that unfortunately the authorities and
the morgues and hospitals that remain
and almost barely functioning in the
city cannot cope with the amount of dead
bodies that are coming in we are also
supporting on that front helping the
authorities identify and properly manage
the dead that are found in the city if
if the dead are left to remain in the
city there may be spread of diseases
coming soon to the city so that's
another challenge that also needs to be
taking into consideration primarily also
all more importantly is access to water
throughout the battles a lot of pumping
water pumping stations with main
stations have been also totally damaged
or partially damaged to the extent that
they no longer function without water it
is certain that disease such as cholera
will also spread in the city if people
go back without proper access to clean
water it certainly sounds like a
catastrophic situation and best of luck
to the Red Cross other NGOs in trying to
help those desperate people on the
ground as best they can to the best of
their abilities Ralph al-hajj their Red
Cross spokesman for the Middle East
thanks for giving us that update on
what's going on in most
