austria's recently sworn in chancellor
says the --use migrants relocation quota
policies are not helping solve the
refugee crisis Sebastien Kurtz here
believes the problem should be handled
in the migrants home countries migrants
who set off for Europe don't want to go
to Bulgaria or Hungary they want to go
to Germany Austria or Sweden they should
be helped in safe areas in their own
continent the EU should support that
perhaps even organize it and back it
militarily and there have been similar
calls in the past to from other European
leaders including the consideration of
overseas military operations to stem the
flow of migrants last month in fact the
French president proposed military
action to put an end to people
trafficking in Libya some believe it is
an approach though that is deeply flawed
is Bassam Abu Abdallah from the Damascus
center of strategic studies to send the
European troops or European armies to
protect this virtual safe zones I think
it's not practical and first of all
these arms would be involved in the
internal affairs of these countries and
the reaction from the local people will
be maybe negatively they will lose a lot
of soldiers first so I think to be
engaged in the internal affairs of any
country it would be reflecting on their
internal affairs and I think they should
read very good the story of Syria during
seven years they should read the story
of Libya the story of Yemen the story in
Africa and I don't think that this is a
good approach
well these pictures do show you just how
desperate some migrants have become they
are crossing the Alps here from Italy to
get into France battling freezing
temperatures and often in inadequate
clothing to try and seek a better life
in Europe with little sign now that the
flow will end anytime soon European
leaders are increasingly putting forward
ideas to take direct action in the home
countries of the migrants Bassam Abu
Abdullah again
spec's EU members are perhaps trying to
re-establish themselves as major players
in the Middle East and Africa European
Union they are feeling that they are
outside of the political settlement now
example and say they are outside in
Libya they started a Goshen against
Libya then they became not a real real
player in the internal affairs of Libya
in Yemen the same and maybe in Africa we
cannot see that the old pinion role is
very important so because of that they
are trying to to renew their role in the
Middle East
