a Russia's prosecutor general has
written a letter to the President of the
European Parliament slamming initiative
by several MPs who decided to intervene
in Russia's legal relations with Cyprus
earlier a group of European Parliament
members wrote an open letter to the
Cypriot president prompting Russian
accusations of political interference
Russia's prosecutor general spoke to us
exclusively on the matter can you talk
about the weight of parity it doesn't
just undermine the institution of the
European Parliament but threatens the
international system with legal anarchy
as well I have to say that this cynical
and insolent pressure on the legal
process is unprecedented
attila Petrenko brings us more on the
case so let's go back to October when a
group of members of the European
Parliament wrote a letter to the leader
of Cyprus and asked the country not to
cooperate with Russia on an inquiry into
former investor and lobbyist William
Browder who is a u.s. born British
citizen investigated in Russia for fraud
here's how Russia's prosecutor general
further and he described the situation
seemed knots parliamentary 17
parliamentarians tried to sell in all
only European but also global standards
in the interest of one person William
Browder a leader of a criminal
transnational group he faces criminal
prosecution in accordance with Russian
and international legislation for a
number of serious tax and other economic
crimes committed in Russia and several
other countries previously mr. Browder
ran a successful investment fund in
Russia and it is believed that he could
have used Cypriot offshore accounts to
launder money he has already been
sentenced in absentia in Russia to ten
years in prison for tax evasion Browder
is also known for lobbying for
anti-russian US regulation applied back
in 2012 which is known as the Magnitsky
Act this law imposed sanctions on
Russian individuals and companies over
alleged violations of human rights it
was named after Russian attorney Sergei
Magnitsky who died in a pretrial
detention center it's worth mentioning
Magnitsky was arrested for allegedly
helping Browder to avoid taxes so russia
asked cyprus for help in its Browder
investigation but Browder filed an
application to the Cypriot authorities
in which he claimed that the Russian
investigation was politically motivated
that was quickly followed by the letter
from the MEP s notably as many as 12 out
of 17 European lawmakers who signed the
letter were mentioned in the so-called
soros list this is a document prepared
for an institute run by the US
billionaire George Soros it lists those
who had calls reliable allies in the
European Parliament so their letter the
one that I was talking about is
something that Moscow branded
unprecedented pressure on a sovereign
country and an affront to the
international legal system
