the us vice-president during a visit to
Afghanistan took a swipe at neighboring
Pakistan echoing Donald Trump's words
that the country provides a safe haven
for terrorists that of the Pakistani
Senate fired back by saying that his
country wouldn't be lectured by anyone
you know for too long
Pakistan has provided safe haven to the
Taliban and many terrorist organizations
but those days are over
president Trump has put Pakistan on
notice Pakistan is a sovereign state and
is not in the habit of taking notices
from anyone least to learn the United
States well the allegation was never
gonna go down - well I guess let's go
live to tell it Massoud a retired
lieutenant general of the Pakistani army
thanks your time today sir is the US
right then is Pakistan harboring
terrorists in your view well I think you
know United States has got into the
habit of making false accusations
against Pakistan because they want to
lump their failures on Pakistan this is
really the reality and unfortunately you
know both the president and vice
president have been making these
statements for the last several years
whereas you know hard in there they
hardly have control over 50 to 60
percent of the territory in Afghanistan
so on what basis are they talking that
Pakistan would be providing safe havens
because there are plenty of havens in
Afghanistan itself so it's a
self-defeating argument it shows the
level of frustration that u.s. is
suffering as a consequence of its
failure in Afghanistan there has been it
has been 17 years that they have been in
Afghanistan and they don't have anything
to say that they did something good for
Afghanistan except to bring death and
destruction
why hasn't because they don't engage in
a political engagement I mean it is
essentially a political problem which
needs a politic
solution whereas they are trying to
impose their military might and their
ones are just not prepared to accept the
military might and Pakistan and all you
know China and Russia have all been
advising the u.s. that they should
engage politically whereas they just
refuse that because Trump thinks that he
has some special military you know
policy or tactics and that will make him
win this time which they haven't
succeeded for the last 17 years what are
you saying 17 years will there be any
change anytime soon in that policy then
well I don't see any change for now that
is different that after meeting defeat
even in 2018 they might then think in
terms of engaging with the Taliban but
the sooner they engage with the Taliban
and try to come to some sort of a
political solution I think that would be
better than furthermore I think there is
very serious problems within Afghanistan
like for instant drug trafficking and
internal sort of squabbling between you
know the president and the chief of mr.
Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani so
these are some very serious problems
within Afghanistan and they need to also
address these problems which they have
been ignoring in the past so unless the
internal situation of Anniston and
governance improves and the people are
satisfied
you know these problems in Afghanistan
will continue they will spill over in
Pakistan and Pakistan will continue to
remain a scapegoat for America terrible
Sood retired lieutenant general the
Pakistani army thank you
