what about the message that's being they
did the same thing with the Russia
investigation they can they try to
convince people that I had something to
do with Russia
there was no collusion think of it I'm
in Wisconsin I'm in Michigan I say gee
we're not doing well I won both those
states we're not doing well let me call
the Russians to help does anybody really
believe that it's a con job and I
watched these guys little Adam Schiff
and all of the guys he takes a call from
a Russian who turned out to be a faker
you know he was a comedian or something
this is so-and-so calling for he took
the coat why is he taking a call from a
Russian senator Warner took a call from
a Russian he was a comedian or something
but he said we have pictures of
presidential whoa where can I get them
if we ever did that it would be like a
big deal yeah it's a con job and it's
not a bad term it's not a bad term at
all
