is exactly a year since the lives of
nearly a hundred families were changed
forever after a Russian Defense Ministry
plane crashed in the Black Sea killing
all 92 people on board among them a
renowned Russian choir which was enroute
to perform in Syria the cheaper love-15
for they were traveling on came down
shortly after takeoff and it's thought
that pilot error was to blame
is a corporation which are some
photography believing photography to
take the urine on the Sun whose income
see tutukaka luge well one one woman
whose husband died in that crash has
been collecting the stories of other
widows who've been recounting how they
deal with the pain of their loss I don't
feel in hospitals I saw this documentary
for us was a way to deal with the pain
that hit us unexpectedly the title of
the documentary wives isn't random while
we were filming we still felt like wives
it's very difficult to call yourself a
widow we saw our husbands off on another
working trail they had several such
trips a month they flew a lot and
expectedly they didn't come back well
the storage which Ilona has gathered
have been put together in a program
which will be shown on the RT
documentary channel in about five hours
time it will be available to online his
some of what's ahead
I mean a bowl of soapy Pomona that's a
story about was a very dominant my
peaceful is she's live on consume very
fun and I sure did
Tom de cobre my nose a serious nuts or
dolly cock would you proceed side the
upon nurse talks me show Bala in formats
at home stupid dude acceptable but at
Christmas tissue contagious it's
accompanied by Dahlia mostly eat your
swath was lit was a girl of course
tapenade bluemagician shmoop yes lard
from Willard said shit whoa this is
chicken scars and shadow
EBU mala SPO spot selenium but a young
middle anyone it was manageable but no
miss new boom Brad it was when in a
spreadsheet Kyoto Accord similar to
Spratley motion bushnell dilute it
control can see that up
you gonna be baltistan the town
underscore that on the three missed so
you sound without the bone I don't sort
of coming up a shield on bunch of show
Khadijah Musa
if I stay I may not just knock all the
little syllables knee applause somebody
show a booger is the very words didn't
come because I postponed hopefully your
notes
yep just meet you opportunity know what
relief swing garage Tov three missed
Sapiro elites shock no no we're not
we're not the support shock
