Russia get involved in addressing issues
far beyond its borders the concepts the
multiple the world emerged not a decade
but two decades at least two decades ago
it was first brought up by foreign
minister mr. Primakov prominent Russian
diplomat here also said that Russia
China India the triangle called air I
see should be one of the leading powers
in the world we hold bilateral and
trilateral meetings and also sexual
meetings on agriculture finance youth
exchange people-to-people ties and it
all started with Ric and then Brazil and
then South Africa joined this block and
that gave rise to a union that we now
know as BRICS brick and later bricks so
this is one of the trends of the
multipolar world and the five economies
joint efforts when they were booming and
they were champions in terms of the era
economic growth the situation has
changed South Africa Russian Brazil
slowed down and India and China are the
leaders of economic growth and together
the BRICS economies have fourteen point
seventy five percent of votes in the IMF
and we're just missing a point of 15
percent to get the
to get the veto rights we don't need the
veto right per se but you know we are in
need of drastic changes that would
ensure a more democratic governance of
this institution certainly the g20 was
one step forward it was far eight years
ago we used to have this g20 group as an
informal Association and that had never
had any summits and like seven or eight
years ago we had the first summits that
was convened and Western countries
became aware that they wouldn't be able
to resolve world issues without
negotiating with new leaders of economic
growth the BRICS is not alone BRICS has
allies including Saudi Arabia Argentina
Mexico Indonesia so I think half of the
g20 group seek to build on this
situation and certainly they would like
non-western countries to be part of the
decision-making process and again we are
all rely on the consensus principle and
I believe that our Western counterparts
and g20 realize more and more that they
need to bargain they need to agree and
now I'd like to go back to the part of
your question on new rules in this
multipolar world it just gave you the
rules for bringing about the RIC group
and then we had BRICS then we had g20
these are natural processes I don't
think that we need to any rules we don't
know how these
Gribbs will evolve but we're also
cooperate on the Eurasian continent
grant Eurasia project put forward by
Russian President Vladimir Putin it
doesn't mean that we have any specific
economic performance data or targets you
might remember the trans-pacific project
put forward by Barack Obama the US
president and again in that group would
consist of 12 countries they would draft
the rules and the other countries would
join this group if they comply with
those rules and that's Union had
specific parameters well do we know
what's happened with this project the
Trump administration decided to withdraw
and the remaining 11 economy is still
mulling their future plans again this
happened because it was results-oriented
a target oriented before they know the
interests of other parties who might
join it we preach a more democratic
approach we didn't think that we should
have any restrictions on cooperation and
the Eurasian continent
President Putin put forward a new
initiative the members of the Eurasian
Economic Union the Shanghai Cooperation
Organization and ASEAN member states
could develop relations as they discover
interest from each other in logistics
energy infrastructure and other barriers
and again we hope that one point
ideological bias would move away and in
the U and so certainly we would welcome
any new European counterparts to join us
in these new blocks that might go beyond
Eurasian might go to as far as Southeast
Asia I'd like to give an example take
the UK before you make a pavement
passers-by you just to allow people to
walk and they would naturally shape the
new road the new pavement my next
question is on Russia US relations this
was a difficult year even though we all
hope for the best we hoped for the best
the year before Russia has to respond to
hostile actions by the US including
sanctions and certain diplomatic action
just recently we saw some attacks on
Russian media in the US including our
Channel RT our accreditation with the US
Senate has been revoked do you think
that tit for tat approach works do you
think this is effective and what will
happen to you Russia US relations in the
future if this escalation continues you
said that your channel has been one of
those of one of the most heavily hits by
the US policy the policy which runs
counter to any norms and standards of
journalism and freedom of press freedom
the freedom of political expression the
US
with a deal new syndicate is demanding
to take action to protect journalists
and their rights
that's the OSE but Russia would like to
see the same but we do think that those
rights should be limited to one specific
group no matter who you are if you buy
by the rules if you comply with
international rules your rights should
be upheld and protected the u.s. is not
the only country that has discriminated
against your channel you still have some
issues in France you just launched RT
France but you have been banned from the
presidential pool we don't really
understand this we've raised this issue
with French counterparts we believe this
is indecent
this isn't but so far we've not received
any feedback as for the UK you've been
accused of betraying the interests of
the kingdom and I hope for that I will
not be sanctioned for giving this
interview to you in diplomacy or in life
reciprocity is one of the major
principles if you want good attitude
towards yourself you just need to treat
other people in the same fashion so when
you think about your counterpart about
your partner just think of whether
you're doing what you would like to get
in response in terms of the attitudes in
terms of the behavior in treatment
and the Russian parliament just recently
passed a law without sanctioning anyone
but again it's lies the or classified as
or classified as say for an agent it
doesn't mean that their license would be
reverb no they would have access to do
any events that we hold again it's up to
our MPs to decide whether they would
ground access to foreign media who
represent countries whose governments
ban Russian media from their
parliamentary assemblies so we need to
stick with this principle of reciprocity
but again we shouldn't go too extreme to
extreme Matiz and you know no one would
gain from it no one would benefit I
think we need to demonstrate to the
entire worlds that this policy bans like
in Ukraine in Ukraine they banner all
Russian media including you know
channels for children so we need to
demonstrate that this is a ridiculous
policy and we need to fight against this
policy so we shouldn't you know favor at
crackdowns we need to stimulate
international discussions and we need to
loosen the very screws I would like to
ask you about something
there a specific one of the greatest
challenges this year specifically North
Korea this issue has been widely
discussed how real would you say is in
nuclear conflict on the Korean Peninsula
 is a shop Odessa ladies what
the United States is after with its
sabre-rattling many specialists say that
they're its goal to raise the stake to
such an extent that North Korea is
forced to capitulate on American turn do
you agree with this analysis I don't
think that any sane person would like to
have a war on the Korean Peninsula
you would have huge losses of life these
assessments have been voiced by us by
the Americans by American officials I
don't think that any sane person would
like to have such intentions well at
least I hope so
but you know we've heard different
voices indirect voices but even if you
don't want a war when you have so much
so many weapons high-tech weapons
destructive weapons on both sides you
always have a risk of human error it
might be equipment failure that those
who deploy those weapons and who hold
those provocative trills I hope that
they are aware of those potential errors
I hope that the u.s. does not have
harbor any plans the military
intervention but you know over the past
months there's a trend and I would like
to disclose some of the details of this
strand
I don't want to disclose too much
information but in September we received
a signal from the US that they want to
start dialogue with North Korea that
there would be no new
you exercises until the until next
spring and we could use this natural
pose for building some kind of dialogue
we have transmitted that signal that
signal was not rejected but while we
were doing those preparations the u.s.
said that they would hold extraordinary
military exercises that they would have
in October so in September we received
one signal and in October all of sudden
you have major exercises to our surprise
North Korea did not respond and it
seemed to us that they wanted to squeeze
that kind of response out of them so
they have these unprecedented in scale
exercises and you know they even ounce
another round of drills and North Korea
responded to Vonda to that and they
launched a new missile which tow are
seems to be an intercontinental
ballistic missile so China and Russia
proposed to have a double freeze North
Korea would not launch anything would
not test anything but the US and again
the US should not have any exercises but
the u.s. responded that it's all
legitimate legitimate to have exercise
have exercises and the US says that
again all nuclear tests and missile
tests are banned by the UN and this is
indeed so but I believe it's a too
formal and approach when you have
such combination of tension I think the
first step forward should be done by the
party which is mightier and which is
smarter and we hope that there are
people in the US who believe that this
situation should be resolved through
diplomatic means so together with China
we believe that all these mutually
provocative actions need to be frozen
dialogue needs to be started without any
precondition since either a face-to-face
talks or with participation of other
countries Pitman's and their proposals
on how to de-escalate this crisis we
know that there are six-party talks
definitely we are open to this and at
the third stage we would move to these
multilateral process where we would
agree on the parameters of peace and
security and they're not on the Korean
Peninsula Peninsula in general but at
the same time we've cannot forget about
those signals that the US has sent to
North Korea regarding the Iranian
nuclear deal you know if you challenge
that nuclear deal it means that that you
know we've had this we had this nuclear
pact and Iran shutdown is nuclear
program entirely and if it's challenged
well you know there's been a lot of fuss
around it and the US has made it and the
u.s. is not withdrawn from this deal but
everyone's everyone fears that including
US allies so the signal to North Korea
is you should refuse from the military
nuclear program we would lift sanctions
sanctions but once we have a new
administration
in place in Washington we might change
our mind so I think I feel this is very
important aspects and you cannot
strangulate the economy of North Korea
you cannot impose a total blockade they
need to be aware of this we just passed
a new UN Security Council resolution
we've managed to get rid of you know
extreme things we've managed to keep
some of the projects that would have
have been it would be of benefit to
Russia but we've got calls of the new
possible meetings that would initiate
further crackdown on North Korea mr.
MacMaster once said that use diplomacy
would only rely on force and prowess on
the strongest military in the world well
if it's still the case here's the most
important point we see that the vast
majority of those are fighting on the
ground are used to fight and are still
fighting in the ground they are ready
for talks we now have four de-escalation
zones it means that our position groups
are ready to de-escalate are ready to
build dialogue with government stop
bloodshed and move on to peaceful life
things are getting back to normal you
still you already have institutions back
in place the institution that used to be
exist exist institutions that people
used to trust and still trust so they
are those who attend those opposition
groups have been invited to hold local
dialogue meetings
like providing humanitarian aid to local
population there they will have
checkpoints manned by countries that IP
routers of peace in Syria and if we talk
about the southern escalations and you
have Russia and the US we still have
Japan on the noose rail you still have
Isis that have not been defeated
Japanese really spot on the terrorist
list of the UN Security Council but
despite our R&I proposals to be more
determined from resolve but still
they've been quite effective and we saw
that sort of jewell attitude to Japan
Lutheran they didn't want to mention it
we told them why don't you want to
mention it because it's the only
terrorist list of the UN and you know
there's a principal trial try war
extradite they say that this principle
should not be used necessarily and they
also said that if a jihadi person has
not committed to any crime or he maybe
he harbored some terrorist plans but has
not put them into practice he might not
be considered as a terrorist have been
other voices too at the expert level you
know we've been promoting attempts to
counter extremist violence you know they
say that you know there are
dictatorships who crack down on human
rights and it means that the u.s. in sit
explain to the local population on how
to build democracy and in this case you
wouldn't have reasons for extremist
sentiments well I hope that everyone
understands what's behind it so that's
what the concept that the US has been
promoting and they've been trying to
speculate on our shared cause
well actually we shouldn't use those
goals so to promote their own agenda
which means the regime change now going
back to Syria specifically on the
readiness of those who were fighting on
the ground and again those people are
moving back to peaceful life so they are
ready to move back to peaceful life but
how ready are external players I can
only speak for Iran and Turkey those who
have been working with looking with Iran
in Turkey definitely have their own
concerns there's not necessarily
coincided with our concerns for Iran
that's protecting the rights of CI
groups and for Turkey that's the Kurds
but definitely we need to promote
reconciliation between Shia and Sunni we
need to hold a new Armin conference that
would ensure that she is Unni
declares solidarity and it's high time
to start dialogue on this they need to
stop accusing each other of evil
intentions these are two major regional
countries they definitely have interests
in adjacent territories they need to
shape their own rules we are ready to
facilitate this process we're also
pushed a new concept for a security in
the Persian Gulf region as for our
Western counterparts and Syria dialogue
with the US on the military situation
and de-escalation this dialects not
always public and based on our dialogue
we can see that the u.s. it's in a
pragmatic way they say that Syria should
be maintained as a country of many
religious religion groups many ethnic
groups Rex Tillerson used to tell me
that the main goal of the u.s. in
Syria's dismantling defeating Isis but
right now it's getting vaguer and vaguer
they say that they will stay in Syria
until an inedible political process to
impose their leadership they want to
demonstrate an entire worlds that
without them you would not be able to
resolve it we don't have that a goat
istic approach we put forward the US
tane initiative and it was one of the
tools to help pacify the situation the
ground we were able to distinguish
saying our position groups from
terrorist groups
you know Isis terrorists are now fleeing
those territories into other countries
but that's a separate topic now we put
forward an initiative convening the
Syria National Dialogue Congress the
Astana process the Astana talks were
convened after 10 months of delays in
the Geneva process and once we launched
the US in a process I in those who
organized the Geneva talks Leo said ok
we also have a new session this year the
Geneva platform also had delays Saudi
Arabia facilitated solidarity among
opposition groups we helped now we have
the Moscow area yard in Cairo opposition
groups that came together Saudi Arabia
helped in that but the leaders there who
were elected as part of this united
delegation started to issue ultimatums
which were absolutely unacceptable then
they tried to discredit our Saudi
counterparts who have told us and mr. de
Mistura the UN Special Envoy in Syria
told us that this delegation would come
to Geneva without any preconditions for
direct contacts with the Syrian
government
so they've cheated on our Saudi
counterparts Arnon stefan de Mistura
where Stefan de Mistura paid a visit to
us together with our defense minister
Minister Shogo we explained that Syrian
groups have behaved in an acceptable way
and at the same time we've been also
working with the government so that it's
pursues a constructive policy but he
cannot accuse the government of refusing
to talk to those who've issued an
ultimatum that Assad should go
it's a group branding is political
some of the extremists were taken out of
those opposition groups before the talks
but obviously there are still some
people with extremist views who might be
influencing others but at the same time
as I said we are pushing for the Syrian
and National Dialogue Congress and again
this is in line with UN Security Council
resolution 2254 and it says that we need
to have direct talks between the
delegations of the governments and the
full spectrum of the opposition we and
as we understand the area the car and
the Moscow groups don't represent the
full spectrum of the opposition
most of those who come to Geneva are
emigres czar they leave in European
capitals they don't live in Syria but in
order to comply with the UN Security
Council resolution 2254 so we have a
long list we are now finalizing this
list with our partners who are granters
of the asana process Turkey and Iran we
we had a trilateral summit in Sochi
where this initiative was supported and
we explained it to mr. de Mistura it
doesn't mean that we try to hijack her
initiative from the Geneva process it is
an attempt to help launch this
constitutional process not in listen
narrow format we're never a platform
where Anna grace would be represented
now this would be a platform which would
the most representative once this
committee on the constitutional reform
would be formed with his forms the
Geneva talks would be resumed and
definitely we would support this process
led by mr. de Mistura in the UN
mr. Lavrov I just want to clarify
something the United States has about
ten bases in northern Syria does this
help with the consensus or not well I
don't think that it has all of impact we
know that the Congress has been
supported by most of the Syrians on the
grounds the u.s. does have some air
bases but we got information that they
trained some of the military groups
there including from those who used to
be part of terrorist groups you know the
Syrian government has been really
pragmatic in cooperating with our
aircraft mission who were Italy legitly
legitimately invited to help fight
terrorists and with the us-led coalition
and again this helped to destroy Isis we
need to we needed to shake up the us-led
coalition used to be pretty passive at
the very beginning and we knew that with
with our help we would destroy Isis
together but before we came there the
us-led coalition have been has been very
lenient and condescending on Capitol
nusrah and also an Isis but that's a
separate topic we've been very pragmatic
we've been cooperating with the US and
Jordan and southern de-escalation zone
among as a trilateral monitoring center
and we have Holland Holland Heights
close by and we need to accommodate the
concerns of Israel
so it's a very complex issue so many
factors are in play January we would
have this Congress and this would help
to make a new practical step towards the
Constitution process it definitely
requires far more groups than those
represented in Geneva we have a new
project RT online and our viewers keep
asking us about relations between Russia
and Egypt we know that these two
countries have recently signed an
agreement on the use of airspace and
airport infrastructure so we'd like to
ask you if some of our ocean aircraft
currently based at mmm will be moved to
Egypt and are you considering options
for fighting terrorists together
particularly in Libya you know we've
been working very closely with our
colleagues in Egypt for quite a long
time we have a strategic partnership
developing in different areas trade and
investment we have a project where we
work together on building a nuclear
power plant we want to create a Russian
industrial zone in Egypt and many other
things going on humanitarian ties
including a military cooperation
military-technical cooperation plays an
important role especially considering
the threat coming from terrorists in
this entire region including Egypt to a
very high degree and we support the
intention of the Egyptian leadership to
Ernst processing for flights in each
other's airspace providing military
navigational services guarding airfields
and mutual military assistance
and my final question on the Middle East
and then I would hand over to my
RT Spanish colleague Abdul Assad former
president of Yemen was killed in the
country recently so we don't know what's
happening there really what is Russia's
assessment can we move the political
process forward given the complexities
and different attitudes in the Gulf
countries the assassination of Ali
Abdullah Saleh of course made the
situation much more difficult and now
Houthis have radicalized they had
annoyance with the Congress led by the
late select then they had some internal
contradictions we encouraged both
parties to get involved in pan Yemeni
dialogue and it seemed at a certain
point that there was some understanding
between them but then somehow it didn't
work out perhaps for some subjective
factors that one has to consider but no
matter what happens and currently we see
serious escalation there we see the
threat of a complete blockade no matter
what happens there there's only one way
and this is peace talks we participate
in the support group support group which
gathers from time to time to assist the
UN Special Envoy for Yemen I hope that
he will promote unbiased uniting
initiatives
instead of taking sides this is very
important for a mediator of course we
talk to our saudi colleagues we talk to
Americans the British and Iranians
and I just mentioned when I answered
your previous question many problems
would be much easier to resolve if only
we had harmony among Persian States and
the Islamic Republic of Iran constant
suspicions about each other
this unwillingness to engage in contacts
only make the situation worse I think it
is important to sit together at the same
table look each other in the eye and
look for ways to address each other's
concern and of course this has to be
mutual and I hope that this is going to
happen mr. Lavrov let's move to Latin
America next year some of the countries
in the region will have election Mexico
Venezuela kübra have been a particular
interest Raul Castro said that he would
quit office and do you think we could
expect a change in policy from in Mexico
can we expect any change in Venezuela
particularly in terms of tension between
the opposition and governments and any
change in Cuba yes we have very good
relations with Latin America and we
certainly see that the political process
there happens in waves we had a number
of leftist governments sometime ago now
we have right-wing governments in some
of the countries but I can tell you from
my experience we don't view any radical
changes in the positions of Latin
American countries in how they treat the
Russian Federation was not alleged yes
they may have disagreements between
different parties but most of it is
related to internal politics although
sometimes of course we see that our
partners try to influence campaigns in
certain countries
Venezuela for example there were some
positive changes in Venezuela for
example during a recent municipal and
gubernatorial elections which should
happen too low to interpreting ly well
who expected some scandals the elections
were quite peaceful and the dialogue
between the government and the
opposition goes on and if nobody
intervenes in this process I think they
can work out an agreement and we saw
some positive signs but unfortunately as
soon as we see some progress some people
start whispering things in the ear of
the opposition asking them encouraging
them to take a tougher stance
I think this would not serve the
interests of them as well or the whole
of Latin America now as far as Mexico is
concerned again we don't see any Russian
factors in mexican election nobody
accuses us of meddling in this country
in addition to others thankfully but in
parentheses I would like to it we have
never seen one single fact from the
government's which accused us of
meddling in their internal affairs in
their it campaigns which means they
don't have any evidence we have very
good plans of developing our cooperation
with Mexico trade investment Civil
Aviation and a number of other high-tech
industries we've been working together
with Mexico in the United Nations as
part of the g20 as part of cilok now as
far as Huber is concerned this is our
longtime friend and partner this country
is a legend in its hemisphere however
she respond in Latin America given all
these factors will Russia continue to
cooperate with it a longtime allies
gilad machinist pragmatist
can it promote its ties with other
regions with other countries of the
region as far as migration is concerned
related to Latin America North America
South America the Caribbean it doesn't
affect us directly so we can only
comment on these matters based on some
universal problems that we see happening
in the world today not just in your
particular region but in other regions
as well in northern Africa Europe Middle
East and other parts of the world as
well a year ago the decision was made in
New York to start preparing for the
other treaty on regulating migration
talks started in Mexico in early
December unfortunately use delegation
did not attend and they the the
Americans said they would withdraw from
this process you will know initially
they supported the plan but like I said
this is the new administration and in
this particular case the current
administration in Washington doesn't
want disasters similar to what is
happening in the Middle East and
northern Africa but in any case we need
some kind of an agreement I think that
most migrants that concern in Washington
are economic migrants looking for better
life in addition so it's not up to me to
decide it's up to the people living in
this region my position is it's always
better to work out an agreement than to
isolate anybody it's always better to
build bridges than to build walls and I
hope that this is what it will happen
eventually now as regards China's
interest in this region this is only
natural because China is the world's
second and soon it will be the world's
tapas economic powers China has economic
resources and interest in this region
they want to invest in this part of the
world because it doesn't have many
mineral resources of its own of course
Latin America is very promising part of
the world was more the for Russian
companies also as much as they can do
this they've worked in Latin America too
and I don't rule this out I think it
would be quite good for our businessmen
and Chinese businessmen to take a look
at situations where they could work
together we do have a number of such
projects in Latin America and our
companies and Chinese companies get
deeper into Latin America Russia and
China maybe BRICS countries and the new
Development Bank we set up as part of
the brakes will also join this work
initially the plan was for this bank to
finance broad shifts within the five
countries of Prix but it's bylaws does
not stop it from operating in other
parts of the world as well
in Africa for example they've opened a
new office in South Africa recently so
this is not something that will happen
today or tomorrow but this is also
promising let's talk about the us-cuba
relations under the current administer
they seem to have become more tense the
situation became more complicated
specifically after the Trump
administration accused Cuba of Acoustic
attacks against US diplomats
so which how what would happen to the
u.s. Cuba relations
so we're not happy about the recent
developments we supported the
normalization announced by the previous
US administration when President Obama
visited Cuba and the embassy was
reopened in Cuba even though I have to
say that not the only section that
operate in Cuba was much much larger
than any other embassy Cuba but simplest
matter of course for political relations
for diplomacy so of a presumption of
full fledged embassy over the u.s. in
Havana and of the Cuban embassy in
Washington was very important and a
number of practical steps have been
taken to normalize trade economic
relations between the two countries even
though the main problems were still
there
I refer specifically to the trade
blockade that has been gone on for I
think 55 years now and annually it's
condemned by the UN General Assembly and
every year the United States and one or
two of their lessons and as soon as
something doesn't work diplomatically
the United States start using starts
using sanctions like North Korea we have
power so there is no need for diplomacy
that's their position yes we would
really like the United States to
normalize relations with Cuba but
instead there are some accusations about
sonic attacks yeah acoustic attacks on
the embassy staff I think I heard that
they've been special context between
Cubans and the FBI personnel including
in Havana I think and the FBI staff were
unable to find anything that would
support this theory about
the acoustic weapons but I think the FBI
reported to politicians and then
politicians decided not to publish this
report I I cannot guarantee that this is
what happened but I heard something like
that otherwise I think we would see some
legal action taken by the United States
and nobody even explained what acoustic
attack means mr. lever off I think we
ran out of time of course we all have
lots of questions that we could ask but
I think we need to let you go and for
taking the time to be with us today and
we show the best in your important work
next to your solution of course we also
thank our viewers party viewers happy
Holidays to you and I guess we'll see
you next year thank you very much thank
you okay well that wraps up an exclusive
interview given there by the Russian
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov - three
RT journalists he spoke about a whole
host of a world issues in particular he
spoke about North Korea and Syria on
North Korea he said that no sane person
wants a war on the Korean Peninsula and
he hopes that the u.s. does not harbor
plans for a military intervention he
went on to talk about Syria - hopeful
for peace there he feels that opposition
groups are ready to negotiate with the
government but he also fears America may
still
