US Olympic Committee in the country's
gymnastics governing body are being
accused of helping cover up years of sex
abuse and child molestation in a lawsuit
filed by champion gymnast mckayla
maroney she alleges to have been abused
by a US team doctor for years and then
paid to keep silent
she also names other sports institutions
for preventing her from publicly coming
forward with more details his Samira
Khan mckayla maroney America's Olympic
darling one of the world's most famous
gymnasts US household name and victim of
childhood sex abuse that apparently took
place over years and when she wanted to
speak out both USA Gymnastics plus the
US Olympic Committee made her keep quiet
Moroni claims she was paid hush money
and is now suing them for silencing her
she hired a lawyer and asked for a
settlement conference or a mediation to
get justice what she didn't ask for was
a draconian confidentiality agreement
that prevented her from telling even her
brother and sister about this and then I
think even worse it said that you can't
ever say anything bad about USA
Gymnastics ever for your whole life
she's come forward with a horrific story
of abuse by Team USA's former doctor
Larry
Nasser it started when I was 13 years
old and it didn't end until I left sport
it seems whenever and wherever this man
could find the chance I was treated
their scariest night of my life happened
when I was 15 years old I had flown all
day and night with the team to get to
Tokyo he'd given me a sleeping pill for
the flight and the next thing I know I
was all alone with him in his hotel room
getting a treatment I thought I was
going to die that night but one would
naturally have expected USA Gymnastics
to support its crown jewel but the
organization claims that she herself
chose to settle this all quietly in 2016
Michaela's attorney at the time Gloria
Allred approached USA Gymnastics
requesting that the organization
participates in a confidential mediation
the process culminated in a settlement
agreements that included a mutual
non-disclosure clause and a mutual
non-disparagement clause yet maroney's
case
just the start over a hundred and fifty
women have now accused the same doctor
of sexual abuse I don't want to be in a
courtroom telling about how a man you
know penetrated me in front of my mother
when I was 11 the fact that he just
thinks oh I pleaded guilty and now you
guys can start healing is ridiculous to
me I don't think I don't think he truly
understands how many people are hurting
and how bad people are hurting over this
now dr. nasir admits to exploiting his
position to abuse his patients and he
was recently convicted and sentenced to
60 years in jail but his victims believe
justice has still not been served and
it's not just Nasser who they insist
must be punished with the sports
officials who failed to protect child
athletes the Olympics is something that
brings people hope and joy sure from the
outside looking in it's an amazing story
I did it I got there but now without a
price well we discussed maroney's claims
there with the former gymnast Rachel den
Hollander she was actually the first to
publicly accuse former US team dr. Larry
Nasser of sexual assault and isn't
surprised either about the claims of a
big cover-up you know I think there's
plenty of evidence that there is a
cover-up not just because of the way USA
G has handled Larry Nasser's case but
again because this is their
long-standing policy they have been
covering up sexual abuse in the
organization literally for decades you
know some of the most prominent coaches
in US AG who have trained Olympians who
have worked alongside Bella and Marta
Karolyi
you know those those coaches have been
found guilty of sexual abuse too and so
when you have an organization that has a
decade's long policy of silencing
victims by literally shoving reports in
a file cabinet and then they can defend
those actions by saying they want to
avoid a witch-hunt it shouldn't come as
any surprise to us that they're treating
their elite athletes the same way
they're treating the youngest gymnasts
in their member gyms so I think we
already know that USAG has a
long-standing policy of covering up
sexual predators
Michaela said that she had signed her
agreement in 2016 but just a few months
ago in August the OSI register which is
a local California newspaper did publish
that they had been able to confirm that
another case had been settled in 2015
with another victim of Larry Nasser an
elite gymnast
so yes I think it's I think it's likely
that there are others that have been
silenced I think there needs to be an
investigation into whether illegal
activities occurred there are very
legitimate questions about whether or
not this non-disclosure agreement was
even legal under California law because
it did involve felony sex offense crimes
and I think there needs to be a complete
board change from the top down because
these board members have have made it
very clear that that the safety of
little children is not their priority
that they see nothing wrong with how
they have handled not just the Larry
Nasser situation but with how they've
handled sexual predators in the
organization for decades we know when
you have an organization like us AG that
is in charge of our Olympians that is in
charge of the entire sport from the top
down and they can't handle something
like sexual abuse against little
children yes I think it is time for the
USOC to look at simply removing their
authority to run our gymnastics program
in the United States because they have
proven that they care about something
more than the safety of their athletes
and that's inexcusable
