meanwhile Jewish communities in Germany
D say they are facing growing
anti-semitism many say they've been the
target of discrimination or harassment
on a daily basis and they do believe the
problem has been made worse by the US
president's recent policies towards
Israel with more here's our Europe
correspondent Peter Oliver Israeli flags
burning in the center of Berlin the
aftermath of the u.s. decision on
Jerusalem but apart from protests it's
feared the backlash would overstep the
line into attacks against Jewish people
a police investigation is under way here
in Berlin following a shocking display
of anti-semitism outside of a Jewish
restaurant plus might be enough own gods
this year bisects mayor and mentions an
underpass problem for my new mansion
the owner of the restaurant says he
expects these type of attacks
considering the current climate it was a
typical later incident against Jews it
started with the typical Israelis bed
story then Trump his bed and then go to
the gas chamber in five years you will
be dead we have unfortunately a lot of
cases different in this similar to this
mostly it's an anemic we get a lot of
phone calls with Nazi sayings with
anti-israel sayings in fact leaders in
the Jewish community say that these type
of incidents are far more common than we
may think think it's a horrible incident
but I think it's something what happens
sometimes on a daily basis here in
Germany I wouldn't say that it's that
it's a bad feeling as a Jew living in
Germany but on the other side there are
things happening and if you're a member
of a community or even of an institution
you get confronted with those kinds of
incidents like really every day the u.s.
position on Jerusalem has certainly
added fuel to a backlash against Israel
but if you look at a study that was
carried out just this year over 60
percent of those who were surveyed and
what from a Jewish background said that
they'd faced anti-semitism on a daily
basis with almost 30 percent saying that
they've been targeted or harassed in the
last year just this last month in the
vetting district of Berlin a school boy
was attacked by a group of classmates
who told him that Hitler was good
because he killed the Jews from the
government side we've heard a strong
response from the German justice
minister Michaelmas any kind of
anti-semitism is an attack on everyone
anti-semitism must never be allowed to
have a place in society again
but looking at an uptick in attacks in
Germany targeting Jews that may seem
easier said than done Peter Oliver RT
Berlin
