the United Nations Security Council it
is also my privilege to welcome the
distinguished heads of state heads of
government ministers and other leaders
and representatives here with us thank
you
I also wish to warmly welcome Secretary
General Antonio Guterres for joining us
thank you very much mr.
secretary-general the Security Council
will now consider item 2 of the agenda I
will make a statement in my capacity as
president of the United States of
America it is a great honor to be here
today at this UN Security Council
briefing to discuss a matter of urgent
importance concerning and countering the
proliferation of deadly chemical
biological and nuclear weapons and the
means to deliver them the nations of the
world have long recognized that certain
weapons are so dangerous and can inflict
so much suffering that all of us have a
vital interest in preventing their
further development spread and use since
my inauguration the United States has
taken bold action to confront these
sinister threats many of us are rightly
focused on the dangers of nuclear
weapons but we must never forget the
risk posed by biological and chemical
weapons the United States was one of the
first nations to unilaterally renounce
the use of biological weapons and since
World War one we have led international
efforts against the scourge of chemical
warfare most recently in Syria we have
twice imposed severe
consequences on the Assad regime for
using chemical weapons against innocent
civilians
I want to thank Prime Minister Mei and
president McCrone for their country's
close partnership in those efforts last
April the Syrian regime's butchery is
enabled by Russia and Iran the Iranian
regime exports violence terror and
turmoil it illicitly
procure sensitive items to advances
ballistic missile program and
proliferate s-- these missiles all
across the Middle East the regime is the
world's leading sponsor of terror and
fuels conflict across the region and far
beyond a regime with this track record
must never be allowed to possess a
nuclear weapon for this reason I
announced earlier this year that the
United States would withdraw from the
Iran nuclear deal this horrible
one-sided deal allowed Iran to continue
its path towards a bomb and gave the
regime a cash lifeline when they needed
it the most they were in big big trouble
they needed cash we gave it to him in
the years since the deal was signed
Iran's aggression only increased the
regime used new funds from the deal to
support terrorism build nuclear capable
missiles and foment chaos following
America's withdrawal the United States
began reimposing nuclear-related
sanctions on around all US
nuclear-related sanctions will be in
full force by early November they will
be in full force after that the United
States will pursue additional sanctions
tougher than ever before
to counter the entire range of Iran's
malign conduct any individual or entity
who fails to comply with these sanctions
will face severe consequences I ask all
members of the Security Council to work
with the United States to ensure the
Iranian regime changes its behavior and
never acquires a nuclear bomb with all
of this said I want to thank Iran Russia
and Syria for at my very strong urging
and request substantially slowing down
their attack on Eid Lib province and the
three million people who live there
in order to get 35,000 targeted
terrorists the Lucian 22:31 but that was
in 2015 since then the pathways of the
signatories of the jcpoa have diverged
but let me repeat it here we still all
of us here I'm convinced retain the same
objective in mind namely preventing Iran
from obtaining nuclear weapons and
guaranteeing strict international
control control on the peaceful use of
their nuclear program the jcpoa is
imperfect but it is a decisive step in
that exact direction a serious crisis of
confidence was opened by every
imposition of extraterritorial sanctions
by the United States but Tehran
continues abiding by its nuclear
obligations
well this situation has to be countered
by the respect of all of the provisions
of jcpoa and it's resolutions by all
members of the UN in not just by France
Germany and the UK we also have to go
further than the current framework and
I've already stated the same a year ago
and that is why I agree the goals are
recorded by the President of the United
States even if we can disagree on the
methods as regards a city away but eyes
think that we need to build together a
long-term
strategy in order to manage this crisis
and it cannot boil down to just
sanctions and containment we need to
have the basis for new negotiations
created first by the framework we create
for the Iranian nuclear issue beyond
2025 and 2030 and on the issue of the
increase of Iran by this of the scope
and the accuracy of their ballistic
missiles so we have to frame their
ballistic issue secondly and thirdly the
regional stability
it's these components that can be part
of an international strategy in order to
reduce the dangers for the region and
also attain the goal that we all want
namely that Iran doesn't it does not
ever obtain a nuclear weapon
we were also united on the issue of
eliminating chemical Syrian chemical
weapons in this was in resolution 2118
but as was in 2013 since then the
threats for the credibility of the ban
have accumulated the reappearance of
chemical weapons during the offensives
by the Syrian regime
at the time when Damascus had adhered to
the convention banning that and declared
as their program did not encounter they
need a determination from the council -
as far they're concerned have used those
weapons in Syria and Iraq in February
2017 in Malaysia a member of the North
Korean leaders family was assassinated
with the use of a neurotoxin VX and this
year it was it was on the United Kingdom
territory and therefore in the European
Union that another neurotoxin was used
and this resulted in a death and an
injury for for other people who France
recalls here that we share the British
analysis according to which there is no
other plausible explanation here other
than that the responsibility is with
Russia and it's up to Russia to take all
the necessary measures in order to make
ceaseless threat we launched on the 23rd
January 20
and international partnership against
the impunity of using chemical weapons
and all of the states are invited to
join this initiative we had to act also
and I would like to thank Hera president
Trump and the Prime Minister may we have
to act there together with EU US and the
UK against this Syrian chemical capacity
we work towards strengthening the
organization on the prohibition of
chemical weapons by creating a new
mechanism for inquiry and attribution
which is an indispensable tool mr.
president
France will work ceaselessly for the
unity of this council on the issues of
non-proliferation we have to remain
united because in the recent years every
time when we were not United it was to
the detriment of our principles and our
collective affective effectiveness it's
an issue of our legitimacy is permanent
and non-permanent members we also have
to be united because the dissemination
of technologies can lead to new threats
to peace and this concerns us directly
the development of intercontinental that
we need to worry about welcoming
parameter is mr. president
I thank the Minister for his statement
thank you very much
I now give the floor to the Minister for
Foreign Affairs of China mr. president
maintaining security is the primary
responsibility of trusted by the UN
Charter and a shared given the
continents challenges to international
peace and security
how should the Security Council go for
this mission
don't play its role this is question
that your situation China believes the
following the Security Council should
improve its functional initiative in
just a manner as mandated
the purposes and principles of the UN
Charter
the strongest resolving including peace
and security and is a challenge that we
all face first we need to turn pain the
rule of law the biological weapons
constitute foundational and
no arrangements or international nuclear
is no the jcpoa has been indoors
unanimously by the Security Council what
happened in shows that is enviable
agreement
China encourages Iran to continue to
work all at the same time
right of all countries to normal
economic relations and train whistle ba
should be respected China course on the
relevant to bear in mind the big picture
think long term and uphold the sanctity
integrity and efficacy of the jcpoa
since the beginning of this year the
situation in peninsula has shown made in
progress China welcomes that sort of
push it China
and it's international we need to work
together I need to point out we do not
and will not interfere in any countries
or in domestic affairs we refuse to
accept any unwarranted accusations
against China and we call upon other
countries to also observe the purposes
of the UN Charter and not to interfere
in other countries internal affairs
thank you I thank the Minister for his
statement thank you
I now give the floor to the Minister for
Foreign Affairs of the Russian
Federation
I see
otherwise welcome in
with China Nicaragua is the right you to
do smoothly with Nemo belongs
when using unification on the
this meeting is very very timely thank
you
I thank the Minister for his statement
thank you I now give the floor to the
Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ethiopia
mr. president heads of states and
governments ministers we thank the US
presidency for convening this important
high-level briefing on non-proliferation
we are very pleased to see you mr.
president
presiding over this important meeting
indeed non-proliferation has been high
on the agenda of this council
it is therefore timely in the relevant
that we are discussing this issue at the
highest level mr. president few days ago
the wallet paid a tribute to the late
Kofi Annan in his final UN speech in
2006 he said and I caught can there be
any trade more alarming in today's world
than that of a nuclear or biological
weapon failing in the hands of
terrorists or being used by a state as a
result of some terrible misunderstanding
or miscalculation the more states have
such people the greater the risk and the
more those states that already have them
increase their Arsenal's or insist that
such weapons are essential to their
national security the more other says
feed that they too must have them for
their security this is indeed the
reality that we are facing today
indeed the proliferation of weapons of
mass destruction is posing grave trest
global peace and security from the DPRK
and the Iranian nuclear issues to
chemical attack in Syria and Salsbury
incident in the UK proliferation risks
have become one of the most serious
challenges of our time the international
non-proliferation regime is under
serious challenge and global and deities
about nuclear weapons are at the highest
level since the end of the world war as
secretary general Antonio Guterres said
said we believe it is absolutely vital
that we comprehensively address risk of
proliferation there is no other option
but to strive to find in
sheeted and a solution to some of the
most difficult issues that we are facing
at the moment through political and
diplomatic means we have all been
observing the developments following the
resin submit meeting between you your
excellency president and mr. kim
jeong-hoon cause outcome has had given
us some sense of hope for the progress
towards the denuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula and the advancement of
peace in the North East Asia we
encourage such endeavors mr. president
as we have a first-hand experience
solving and bringing peace for the
knower no peace situation that existed
for more than 20 years between Ethiopia
near Syria through diplomatic means mr.
president we earnestly hope that you
will maintain the momentum generated
resently with the view to finding a
comprehensive peaceful and diplomatic
political solution to the DPRK issue in
line with the relevant Security Council
resolutions this council needs to
continue supporting such endeavors in
this regard the talk about fellow
follow-up summit is indeed encouraging
we also welcome the outcome of the third
inter-korean summit in Pyongyang and we
hope this will lay the foundation for
the concrete action towards sustainable
peace security and complete and
verifiable denuclearization on the
Korean Peninsula in accordance with
relevant Security Council resolutions
this council needs to support the
relevant parties to make progress in
this direction in this meantime we
believe the implementation of the
sanctions regime continue to be very
critical with regard to Iranian nuclear
war
nuclear issue we remain convinced that
the jcpoa represents a significant
achievement for multilateralism we
however understand the challenges and
difficulties in the broader
implementation of resolution 2231 while
we reorganized the withdrawal of
netid state from the jcpoa presented a
serious challenge the commitment of the
remaining parts waiting countries is
critical for the full implementation of
the jcpoa we hope they will continue to
exert every possible effort in
addressing the prevailing challenges and
contribute to the full implementation of
this agreement which still remain vital
for the global non-proliferation
architecture in addressing the
proliferation risk posed by non-state
actors we believe the 1540 Committee
continues to have a significant role
strengthening the assistance framework
of this committee to member state M to
addressing the implementation gaps
continue to be important in
comprehensively addressing the pleura
fallacious risk posed by non-state
actors including terrorists furthermore
strengthening the collaboration between
the 15:40 committee group of experts and
members of the analytical support and
sanction monitoring team established
pursuant to Security Council resolution
50:26 and 2253 concerning - al-qaeda and
Taliban and associated individuals and
entities requires attention from the
council finally mr. president
multilateral agreements such as the
biological weapon Convention the
Chemical Weapons Convention and the
non-proliferation treaty continues to
immensely contribute to the prevention
and elimination of the proliferation of
weapons of mass destruction at the time
of great proliferation risk it is in the
best interest of all of us to preserve
this important multilateral agreements
to the current to guarantee our
collective safety and security and
ensure their full and effective
implementation let me therefore conclude
my remarks by by reaffirming Ethiopian
unwavering commitment to continue
fulfilling its international obligation
by taking all the necessary measures to
prevent the proliferation of weapons of
mass destruction and their means of
delivery into the hands of state and
non-state actors including terrorists as
well as by fully implementing the
relevant relevant Security Council
resolution in this regard I thank you I
thank the master for his statement and I
now give the floor to the Minister for
Foreign Affairs of Kazakhstan thank you
madam president excellencies we are
grateful to the US presidency for
organizing to this summit meeting of
world leaders focused on countering the
spread and use of WMD
when previous distinguished speakers
mentioned devastating consequences of
the use and testing of weapons of mass
destruction I wish this audience in the
world to understand that Kazakhstan
along with some other nations and West
territories have been suffering from
them since early days of that cold war
and this goal is very close to
Catherine's heart and is one of the key
priorities of my country's foreign
policy
Kazakhstan's firm and unwavering
commitment to international peace and
security commenced upon our independence
in 1991 our head of state president
muscle Tanana survived took the daring
and bold decision to renounce our
nuclear arsenal and closed the
Semipalatinsk nuclear weapons test site
of the 4th and 2nd largest in the world
respectively the international community
acknowledged these actions as
unprecedented and laudable by
instituting with a very date of the
closure of the Semipalatinsk test site
namely 29th of August as the
International Day Against nuclear tests
this year in September the UN community
commemorated the day in a new official
high-level format at which the
international community reinforced its
plea for more effective steps to rebuild
trust between nuclear and non-nuclear
countries
earlier this year in January the
signature event of Kazakhstan's
presidency of the Security Council was
devoted to the importance of
confidence-building measures in
achieving non-proliferation of WMD CBM
succeeded in stopping the arm race and
preventing a nuclear catastrophe in the
past century today the world expects
from the nuclear powers a repeat of the
same visionary actions which
unfortunately not been fully realized
and acknowledged today President
Nazarbayev the January's meeting as well
as in his manifesto the world 21st
century noted that the largest nuclear
powers should be at the vanguard in that
vacas a for a nuclear weapon-free world
and lead by example in reducing their
WMD past conflicts have showed that we
cannot ensure our own security by
undermining the security of others
president as arrived has therefore urged
all that only the complete elimination
of nuclear weapons and disarmament would
be the absolute guarantee against the
use of or threat of use of nuclear
weapons he has called upon all UN member
states to build a nuclear weapon-free
world by 2045 centenary of the United
Nations
Madam President we see some good
examples of CBM says as in the case of
inter-korean rapprochement and the
Singapore summit due to also very
successful personal efforts of President
Trump this can inspire other positive
outcomes of goodwill and CCA
collaboration Kazakhstan fully supports
such promising beginnings and is ready
to share its practical experience and
expertise if necessary based on
above-mentioned our shared legacy
however just trust by itself cannot
guarantee sustained success unless
supported by strict implementation of
all existing regulatory legal
instruments and Security Council
resolutions on sanctions without
diminishing the role of NPT it is clear
that the world needs a strong
international legal framework against
WMDs
and then known as symmetric
implementation of the treaty is impeding
the trust between nuclear non-nuclear
countries nevertheless the NPT should
not lose its effectiveness and relevance
amid such skepticism the early entry
entry into force of CTBT should also
become one of the most important and
necessary building blocks of the global
architecture of non-proliferation and
this treaty when fully operative will
definitely help foster mutual trust and
confidence Kazakhstan actively
cooperates with the city BTO and
annually conducts high-level
international events aimed at
implementing effective practical steps
to achieve a world without nuclear
threats as the natural outcome of our
commitments to realize this goal we must
first and foremost establish a final ban
on nuclear testing secondly Atoms for
Peace should remain our important moral
compass however in the meantime we
should not stop struggling for legal ban
of nuclear weapons keeping in mind our
paramount goal of accomplishing a
nuclear weapon-free world by opening the
IAEA low-enriched uranium bank last year
Kazakhstan made another contribution
toward strengthening the
non-proliferation regime as well as safe
and reliable use of uranium for peaceful
purposes we are grateful to all donors
the United States the European Union
Kuwait the United Arab Emirates Norway
and the nuclear threat initiative whose
generous financial contributions have
made this project possible we also thank
China and Russia for their cooperation
regarding transit of low enriched
uranium and equipment for the bank
through their territories Madam
President how can we enforce
non-proliferation and disarmament
through the measures of the Security
Council firstly the council must
maintain its unity and common
understanding to give the world a clear
and unambiguous signal of our strong
stance on these issues it is vital to
create the conviction among all that
functions are in theory measures and not
an end home in themselves their
effectiveness should be measured by the
degree of progress towards reaching
political solutions peacefully my
president had also suggested withdrawal
from the NPT should be made extremely
difficult by possibly crafting a special
UN Security Council resolution with
serious implications for countries in
breach of the treaty president mother
wife also proposed developing a legally
binding system of guarantees to be given
by nuclear powers to those states who
would voluntarily renounce their nuclear
weapons as well as those with
non-nuclear status as an incentive for
their latter not to acquire such weapons
this is a fair step to be undertaken
without significant expenditures nuclear
weapons free zones remain one of the
effective measures to combat the spread
of nuclear weapons does my President had
proposed strengthening cooperation
between nuclear weapons free zones by
organizing a high-level Interzone
meeting in Astana next yeah
p5 countries should encourage the
expansion of such zones by providing
them security guarantees we therefore
hope that the Central Asian nuclear
weapons-free zone will be endorsed by
the last remaining p5 country given the
criticism of a considerably weakened
non-proliferation regime in Syria
Kazakhstan is firmly convinced that the
council has to be united in Tyrell
tirelessly seeking a comprehensive
solution on this issue of arbitration
and prosecution without transferring
such a relative to other structures
subjecting them to further polarization
and politician the political resolution
of the Syrian conflict will also help
eliminate the bubble that allows
chemical weapons to be used with
impunity for our part Kazakhstan will
continue to provide the Astana platform
of ceasefire and confidence-building
measures as a complement and support to
the Geneva process under the leadership
of the
United Nations regarding the jcpoa this
multilateral document has fulfilled its
primarily mission by putting Iran on a
nuclear-free path with the IAEA
confirming that Iran has fulfilled all
its nuclear obligations Kazakhstan with
its reputation as an honest broker
hosted two sets of talks during the
negotiations that led up to agreement as
the world's top uranium exporter
Kazakhstan contributed significantly by
supplying 60 tons of raw uranium to Iran
in exchange for Tehran sending over 300
kilograms of highly enriched uranium to
Russia all the parties to the agreement
had acknowledged these measures as
significant milestone with this action
constituting the first start of jcpoa
implementation notwithstanding the
certain complications related to the
obligations by some parties to the
agreement we hope for its further
implementation we propose to consider
new concerns and challenges through all
possible means of diplomacy without
destroying the previous hard-won
achievements finally Madam President it
is necessary for a role in this council
to demonstrate responsibility political
will and wisdom to make a quantum leap
towards of great historic significance
we need the moral compass to go from
narrow national interests to a greater
vision of a safe and secure world thank
you for your attention I thank the
minister for his statement and I now
give the floor to the Minister for
Foreign Affairs of Sweden thank you
madam president
from listening to all countries around
this table I heard support for the idea
that multilateral and diplomatic efforts
are urgently needed to address the
challenges of today international peace
and security and preventing conflict and
terrorism are rightly highest on our
agenda I therefore thank you madam
president for convening this important
meeting on non-proliferation so Madam
President
we were asked to comment on four themes
in this briefing sanction sufficiency
capacity to implement non-state actors
and weapons of mass destruction and I
think that the answer to all of these
questions is close multilateral
cooperation the world would certainly be
much more dangerous place without the
existing treaties and agreements of the
global disarmament and non-proliferation
regime yet that multilateral framework
depends on our continuous commitment to
collective solutions in many parts of
the world we see modernization of
nuclear weapons Arsenal's increased
missile capacities the threat of
chemical weapons use and normalization
in the rhetoric surrounding all weapons
of mass destruction and history has
shown us too many times that such steps
forms a pathway to catastrophe the
nuclear weapons States bear a particular
responsibility in upholding and making
good on the commitment inherent in the
NPT of a nuclear weapons free world and
to this end the review conference in
2020 must pave the way for enhanced
disarmament and non-proliferation
commitments equally Sweden reiterates
the call on all states to sign and
ratify the CTBT Madam President the
non-proliferation treaty is the common
tool towards disarmament and
non-proliferation but let me today also
focus on three specific issues and many
of you have already touched upon them
the challenges of course to the Iran
nuclear agreement the DPRK so
development of nuclear weapons and the
recurring use of chemical weapons
so first the joint comprehensive plan of
action the
Iran deal is a historic achievement it's
a concrete example of effective
diplomatic non-proliferation efforts and
this agreement prevents
nuclear proliferation in Iran but also
aims to avoid ripple effects in the
region as the IAEA confirms Iran
continues to fulfill its nuclear
obligations under the agreement and as
long as this is the case the jcpoa
effectively curtail Iran's ability to
develop nuclear weapons this is why
Sweden together with the rest of the
European Union deeply regrets the United
States unilateral withdrawal from the
agreement a decision with far-reaching
consequences that makes our world more
unsafe and frankly what are the
alternatives to this agreement
undercutting a concrete multilateral
non-proliferation tool dangerously
undermines our joint non-proliferation
efforts elsewhere together with our EU
partners we will try to mitigate the
adverse effects of the US policies
Sweden and the rest of the EU will
continue to foster broad relations and
dialogue with Iran including on issues
such as human rights Iran's role in the
region and missile activities are
clearly a matter of concern and these
concerns can and should however be
addressed separately and not at the
expense of the jcpoa security in the
Middle East region can only be achieved
through diplomatic solutions and
enhanced cooperation not through further
polarization and isolation and remember
we've tried that before for decades
isolation and sanctions and all it did
was to support the most conservative
forces in Iran that's a problem secondly
the DPRK s-- nuclear weapons program is
a major threat to the global
non-proliferation regime recent
diplomatic efforts deserve our full and
active support and the continued
progress in the inter-korean dialogue is
very encouraging and the summit between
the United States and the DPRK in
Singapore in June was indeed significant
all parties must now work to maintain
momentum and take positive steps for the
DPRK this means
The Commitments must be translated into
legally binding undertakings and the
IAEA should be given a role early in the
verification of the denuclearization and
disarmament process the Security Council
and the international community must
continue to stand united thirdly the use
of chemical weapons is a serious
violation of international law and every
violation undermines established norms
and risk eroding the international taboo
on these weapons and this is a very
serious and worrisome development the
use of chemical weapons is morally
abhorrent and can never be accepted in
Syria the OPCW UN joint investigative
mechanism has confirmed that chemical
weapons were used repeatedly repeatedly
by the Syrian Arab Republic and by daesh
we supported the decision to task the
OPCW to identify the perpetrators of the
use of chemical weapons in Syria and
while a mechanism established by this
council would have been preferable the
issue was too important to be allowed to
be blocked and this does however not
free this council from its
responsibility to ensure that those
responsible are held to account in
salisbury a targeted murder was
attempted using a nerve agent and such
results are absolutely unacceptable
and we call on Russia to fully cooperate
with the investigations
Madam President we must never lose sight
of why we are making the efforts to
eliminate those horrific weapons until
now we have not talked about the victims
and I have myself met with survivors of
nuclear weapons attacks and I will never
forget their stories victims of chemical
weapons have shared similar accounts and
it is important to listen to such
personal experiences to understand what
it is that we are fighting for it has
definitely strengthened my resolve to
step up efforts for non-proliferation
and disarmament weapons of mass
destruction
is clearly a global threat that we must
address together and only through
multilateral solutions including by this
council can we effectively prevent the
use of these repugnant weapons the
multilateral non-proliferation and
disarmament framework is also a key
pillar of the international rules-based
order we owe this to the survivors and
victims of past attacks and we owe it to
future generations thank you madam
president
for her statement thank you all for
joining us here today there are no more
names inscribed on the list of speakers
and this meeting is adjourned
