was I am a delegate a giggles this
year's day but the name registrar C is C
Mossad with CTC Steve delegate of
sameness that oversees the party food we
have a quorum
let us begin work let us start the
plenary session those who love for
please raise your hands against let us
announce the 17th congress of the united
russia party open
Roger MLJ snake is years been
participants of the Congress would like
to give the floor to mr. to Chuck acting
chair of the party mr. Putin delegates
guests to the 17th congress of the
united russia party yesterday we have
discussions during which we discuss the
results of our work in 2017 and our
plans for the future we discussed the
key priorities in the development of our
country
those issues that everyone is interested
in housing and public utilities
education healthcare agriculture we had
an open and frank discussion sometimes a
difficult discussion to the Frank I'd
like to thank everyone who participated
in these discussions I'd like to thank
our delegates heads of ministries and
municipal bodies experts and journalists
these are the discussions that we
require it is during these discussions
that we can discuss ways to go forward
as noted before we have done quite a lot
at all of the platforms of our party but
life gives us new challenges
and we have to address them and our
actions need to be on the agenda for
example let us think of childcare today
one of the issues on the agenda is to
create new schools and educational
centers help us develop a new kind of
society information society we have made
changes that allowed us to three two
million people from tax bird seem that
not long ago we started developing the
system of government services digital
services that would remove all kinds of
red tape and right now we are already
discussing all the kinds of services
that we can provide thanks to these new
platforms there was great decrease in
newborn mortality rate we have many good
dynamics but we see new challenges today
such as availability of health care in
the upcoming three years large funds
will be devoted to the development of
the healthcare sector and the party is
committed to this task
these are just some of the examples that
show that United Russia is the only
political power in the world that is
responsible before its citizens before
its voters this is what our people what
our voters expect from us and we'll do
everything to show that this trust is
not in vain and I would like now to give
the floor to the President of the
Russian Federation mr. Putin Vladimir
Putin
thank you thank you thank you so much
friends colleagues with many of you we
have created this party this party
United Russia we did it at a very
difficult stage in the life of our
country when to develop its statehood
and to solve its problems the country
needed a strong force to unite the
country and our party the United Russia
has been achieving a lot of girls in
performing this difficult task and this
is why I would like to say thanks to you
United Russia has become a leader in our
country and has done a lot of good for
the people of our country all of the
people of Russia has gone a very
difficult path we have never strayed
from our path we have overcome
challenges including global challenges
sometimes these challenges even was
related to international aggression and
terrorism and we were united in helping
Crimea we overcame seemingly very
difficult challenges in terms of economy
we have proven that we can overcome
large-scale difficulties we have started
create new construction projects in many
industries and this is the result of our
work of course when we achieve results
and successes this is something that we
have to thanks for to the people of
Russian for the
the Russian Federation people who
believe in patriotism as the main idea
of their existence people who believe in
their homeland this is the main idea of
our movement yes we could always achieve
more this is always the case when you
set ambitious tasks and it is clear that
if we take these grand goals we need to
understand from the start that some
things will not be achieved but it would
be worse if we did not make these grand
plans we have to be frank in outlining
our problems we have to solve these
problems remove obstacles that prevent
us from going forward and making setting
new goals we have many things argent
problems that we had to resolve in the
near future what we have done is the
groundwork the platform for our future
efforts and the future will depend on
our ability to improve on our have
already achieved we are ready to accept
global challenges protect Russian
sovereignty protect Russian people from
problems from all kinds of catastrophes
we would like to secure a future for all
will create opportunities for
self-actualization for every person we
want our main responsibility before our
people is to do that it is our historic
task this means that despite all the
differences in the views and approaches
to solving our
we always have to act with accordance in
according to our priorities and our
principles only by achieving national
unity we can actually achieve the goals
that we've said in order to strengthen
our country and maintain our identity we
need to be careful when tackling the
when working with the system of values
in our country our multinational country
we respect and cherish our history our
culture we respect human rights and it
is these principles that that fuel
voluntary work selfless work of people
who help us achieve goals these people
do not wait for other people to do
something they act they act themselves
and this is the basis of a fully mature
or civil society and a stable political
system of any country stability does not
mean resistance to change being stale no
if that were so whole this whole
construct would crumble and leave the
country vulnerable to threats as as was
the situation not long ago but we are
developing the political system making
it more flexible adaptive to global
changes and this ability to respond to
new challenges and to new demands of our
citizens this is something we have to
base our efforts on one thing that
prevents us from being stable and
developing is falsehoods corruption
and all kinds of indifference disregard
whether it comes from politicians or
from those who call themselves the
elites these are things that prevent us
from developing prevents us from being
stable it is it is the right of people
to demand for the soul for the problems
to be solved our goal our priority is to
fulfill the potential of our democracy
to promote democratic principles and
democratic processes create responsible
opposition and for an opposition to be
to exist and to work effectively it's
not enough to just outline the problems
that exists in the government in the
country it's not just about outlining
problems it's about creating positive
change a program for positive change
change is inevitable
the government exists to solve social
problems successive successful society
is resistant to any attempts to
destabilize itself it will never allow
for anyone to introduce chaos to this
country to make it dependent on someone
and outside on someone from outside this
can happen to any country we have seen
this on the in the examples around the
world colleagues our development is
something that is inevitable and this is
something that is fueled in part by the
development of our army and our Navy we
use our army and our Navy to protect
ourselves from terrorism we do not
seek confrontation with anyone we will
continue a Frank and open foreign policy
will continue our foreign policy within
the Eurasian Economic Union the grantee
Eurasian Union we are ready to cooperate
with any country whether they in the
West or in the East always on the
principles of mutual interest but we
will never sacrifice the interests of
our people and the interests of our
nation and for our nation for Russia to
go forward we have to overcome the
difficult ramifications of demographic
problems that we saw in the previous
century we need to have strong
demographics and this is why we are
supporting maternity we are supporting
families furthermore our policies
economic policies social policies are
all aimed at preserving our nation and
solving the problems of demography
demographic problems we promote health
care reduce mortality rates improve
improve the quality of life create new
schools new kindergardens improve the
ecology and infrastructure in cities and
villages improve roads provide available
housing affordable housing to the people
of our country we need to have a
long-term sustainable
growth in the economic quality of life
of our citizens and we certainly have to
continue to to reduce the number of
people who live below poverty line we
need to fight poverty because this is a
threat to the stability and unity of our
nation this is humiliating
to live below poverty this is
unacceptable when a person with the
profession an expert can barely survive
can barely feed his family and of course
we should not be acting as populist as
we have seen in the 90s when in the
1990s when the Parliament and the
government were making decisions that
were impossible to implement they did
nothing and then they took they said new
tasks just as impossible we know what
this led to in in the year 2000 we had
over 40 million people living below
poverty line this is almost one third of
the population today it's about 20
million people but even this is
unacceptable there was a time when we
had a figure of 15 million people living
the beyond poverty line but
unfortunately due to some factors
including coming from the outside there
was a decrease in this but we need to
move forward and we need to move forward
for example at the same way we did with
inflation we have a very low inflation
rate right now
it is important to improve the situation
because when people believe in the
future when they have a hope for the
future
only then can we have success for a
country we need to make it so that any
person can improve become better
specialist in his field what do we have
to do for that we have to create a new
labor market a flexible system of
education economic crisis as I've said
and certain external limitations have
prevented us from achieving some of our
goals in terms of economic development
we we have to grow stronger in terms of
GDP and GDP per capita because this is
the indicator that shows the
productivity of work the quality of life
and the the welfare of our citizens to
do so we need to improve the
infrastructure of our country we need to
improve the productivity of labour in
the traditional industries we need to
have a breakthrough that the same
breakthrough that we see in agriculture
in transportation communications in the
pharmaceutical industry and the defense
industry our companies how large quickly
growing companies need to go to the to
the international market and of course
developing small and medium sized
businesses is also a priority task for
us in the upcoming years we need to
provide good environment for the tens of
thousands of startups for new companies
for farmers and this is something that
guarantees our
or success in the future we need to
create new environment for investment we
need to remove artificial barriers and
we will continue to work to achieve this
goal we need to improve law and make it
more liberal we need to remove all kinds
of ambiguous statements within Russian
law that is used by some bad individuals
to take away property from people and
and break the law and of course we need
to develop new industries industries
that involve new digital technologies by
technology rubber robotics and other
industries these are the industries that
will define the future of whole of the
whole human civilization and we need to
to set our own position in the new world
Russian schools have to be the best in
the world
in terms of the curriculum in terms of
their standards we need to create new
standards and we need to prepare new
specialists for these new industries we
we prioritize developing personal
talents in Russian people we support
gifted students and school children we
create technical parks and technical
platforms that allow young people to
develop their talents this network is
growing unfortunately this it is not
large enough right now but it will
continue to grow and this is something
that will allow the new the bright new
generation of Russians to flourish the
most important thing is that Russian
people wherever they live in villages
and cities and towns to self-actualize
only then will we see development in all
areas of life because new fresh blood
will come there we will see patriots
open and fair people people who know
that russia is the country and they need
to develop it according to their
principles and the young people are the
people of the new generation and i am
positive that they will continue to
preserve russia's interests and will
lead our country towards a brighter
future friends russia consists of
millions of very different people who
have different problems and different
sources of happiness they have children
and that means that our history our
thousand year old year long history is
continuing our work our responsibility
for the future for the president the
future of russia is a guarantee of an
unavoidable development and success of
russia i am positive i'm absolutely sure
that russia will be successful we are
moving forward and we are together and
of course there is no force that could
prevent us from moving forward we will
move from victory to victory
remember my words thank you
slower reduce table it's a pretty low
party Daenerys here at Cedar cello but I
will just watch his confederates admit
Rihanna to assume individual the party
dinner as he pursued a shallow private
oasis - Jarrett's admit Rihanna to
assume individual
