I declare resumed the tenth emergency
special session of the General Assembly
on illegal Israeli actions in occupied
East Jerusalem and the rest of the
occupied Palestinian territory members
will recall that in paragraph 6 of its
resolution es - 10/18 of 16th January
2009 the General Assembly decided I
quote to adjourn the tenth emergency
special session temporarily and to
authorize the president of the General
Assembly at its most recent session to
resume its meeting upon request from
member states and quote I should like to
draw the attention of delegations to the
following documents a /es - 10/7 69
which contains a letter dated 18th
December 2017 from the permanent
representatives of Turkey and Yemen to
the United Nations requesting the
resumption of the 10th emergency special
session and a /es - 10/7 7 1 which
contains a letter dated 19th December
2017 from the permanent representative
of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
to the United Nations also requesting
the resumption of the 10th emergency
special session I intend to conduct the
Proceedings of this meeting in
accordance with the rules of procedure
of the General Assembly and past
practice of the turns emergency special
session in accordance with the rule 63
of the rules of procedure of the General
Assembly the President and
vice-presidents of the 72nd session
shall serve in the same capacity at the
resume 10th emergency special session
may I take it that it is the wish of the
General Assembly to decide that the
credentials committee of the 72nd
session should serve for the resumed
tenth emergency special session
it is so decided in keeping with the
established practice I should now like
to invite the attention to the General
Assembly to document a /es - 10/7 7-0
concerning member states that are in
arrears in the payment of their
financial contributions to the United
Nations within the terms of article 19
of the Charter may I take it that the
General Assembly duly takes note of the
information contained in this document
it is so decided in this connection may
I further take it that it is the wish of
the General Assembly to follow the
provisions of resolution 72 / - by which
the Comoros guinea-bissau South tome and
principe and Somalia are permitted to
vote in the General Assembly until the
end of its 72nd session and to also
allow these member states to vote at the
emergency special session
it is so decided the General Assembly
will now resume its consideration of
agenda item 5 entitled illegal Israeli
actions in occupied East Jerusalem and
the rest of the occupied Palestinian
territory in connection with this item
the General Assembly has before it a
draft resolution issued as document a
/es - 10 /l 22 I now give the floor to
the distinguished representative of
Yemen to introduce draft resolution a
/es - 10 /l 22
I think
I thank the distinguished representative
of Yemen I now give the floor to the
observer of the state of Palestine His
Excellency Riyadh our al-maliki
Minister for Foreign Affairs
see that
well Jeff Celestia
well Hanukkah is open I mean listen
ports what that demons the PIA that has
supported this mother call upon who
mr.
young man
thank you
I thank the observer of the state of
Palestine his Excellency Minister for
Foreign Affairs I now give the floor to
the distinguished representative of
Turkey his Excellency mr. Machado glue
Minister for Foreign Affairs this Malaya
minor ahim mr. president thank you for
convening this historic UN General
Assembly meeting I would also like to
welcome his Excellency mr. Riyadh Markey
the Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Palestine dear friends for so many times
we came here and said that the
Palestinians have the right to live like
the rest of us they have the right to be
free and secure they have the right to
be prosperous and they have the right to
enjoy what is their own yet our words
couldn't make a change the illegal
occupation continues and Palestinians
cannot enjoy their basic rights
generations of Palestinians are subject
to systematic violence and
discrimination
today's what is important to remind that
the Palestinians are not allowed this
world is important to show that
Palestinian cause is still our coast
therefore today we will speak up for
justice and peace today we will speak up
for
alko's Jerusalem the city of three
divine faith we will show that different
ethnicities and religions can coexist in
peace in Palestine excellencies dear
friends the Palestinians have the right
to their own state based on 1967 borders
which is Jerusalem as its capital this
is the main parameter and only hope for
a just and lasting peace in the region
however the recent decision of a UN
member state to recognize Jerusalem or
Al codes as the capital of Israel while
as the international law including all
relevant UN resolutions this decision is
an outrageous us all to all universal
values as the summit chair of the
Organization of Islamic Cooperation or
AC we convened an external extraordinary
summit in Istanbul on December 13 the
OLC has the world's second largest
intergovernmental body unanimously
rejected the decision as no and world
consistent with the UN Security
resolution 476 which censored in the
strongest terms a similar decision taken
by the Israeli Parliament in 1980 duo LC
also declared East Jerusalem as this
capital of the state of Palestine mr.
president excellencies friends el coche
Jerusalem is a holy city for all three
monotheistic religions it is the
responsibility of entire humanity to
preserve its historic status unilateral
decisions on its status threatened the
multi-ethnic and multicultural fabric of
the city such steps undermine prospects
for a just and lasting peace in the
Middle East they hinder the vision for a
two-state solution regrettably the
Security Council failed to deliver on
its responsibilities once again through
the use of veto power now the duty falls
upon the UN General Assembly to bring
justice excellencies dear friends before
this meeting a UN member state
threatened all the other members
we were all asked to vote no or face the
consequences some are even threatened
with the development aid cut such an
attitude is unacceptable
this is bullying and this chamber will
not bow to the other it is unethical to
think that the Watts and dignity of
member states are for sale let me put it
in this way we will not be intimidated
you can be strong but it this doesn't
make you right mr. president
excellencies ladies and gentlemen dear
friends
this is a critical moment in history
award in favour of the Palestinian
people today will place us on the right
side of the history we did it before
when we granted Palestine the status of
non-member observer state at the UN back
in 2012 it is our sincere hope that this
world will pave the way for much needed
peace and justice in the Middle East
Turkey has the culture of oil system it
portable the resolution along with Yemen
also together with the Arab League we
requested that the president we request
the president of the General Assembly to
convene this emergency special session I
would like to conclude on behalf of the
entire Turkish nation that Turkey will
never let el coche down the Palestinian
people will never be left alone world is
bigger than five Thank You mr. president
I thank the distinguished representative
of Turkey his excellence to the Minister
for Foreign Affairs I now give the floor
to the distinguished representative of
the United States
Thank You mr. president
to its shame the United Nations has long
been a hostile place for the State of
Israel both the current and the previous
Secretary General's have objected to the
UN's disproportionate focus on Israel
it's a wrong that undermines the
credibility of this institution and that
in turn is harmful for the entire world
I've often wondered why in the face of
such hostility Israel has chosen to
remain a member of this body and then I
remember that Israel has chosen to
remain in this institution because it's
important to stand up for yourself
Israel must stand up for its own
survival as a nation but it also stands
up for the ideals of freedom and human
dignity that the United Nations is
supposed to be about standing here today
being forced to defend sovereignty and
the integrity of my country the United
States of America many of the same
thoughts have come to mind the United
States is by far the single largest
contributor to the United Nations and
its agencies we do this in part in order
to advance our values and our interests
when that happens our participation in
the UN produces great good for the world
together we feed clothe and educate
desperate people we nurture and sustain
fragile peace in conflict areas
throughout the world and we hold outlaw
regimes accountable we do this because
it represents who we are it is our
American Way but we'll be honest with
you when we make generous contributions
to the UN we also have a legitimate
expectation that our goodwill is
recognized and respected when a nation
is singled out for attack in this
organization that nation is disrespected
what's more
nation is asked to pay for the privilege
of being disrespected in the case of the
United States we are asked to pay more
than anyone else for that dubious
privilege unlike in some UN member
countries the United States government
is answerable to its people as such we
have an obligation to acknowledge when
our political and financial capital is
being poorly spent we have an obligation
to demand more for our investment and if
our investment fails we have an
obligation to spend our resources in
more productive ways those are the
thoughts that come to mind when we
consider the resolution before us today
the arguments about the president's
decision to move the American Embassy to
Jerusalem have already been made they
are by now well known the decision was
in accordance to US law dating back to
1995 and its position has been
repeatedly endorsed by the American
people ever since the decision does not
prejudge any final status issues
including Jerusalem's boundaries the
decision does not preclude a two-state
solution if the apart E's agree to that
the decision does nothing to harm peace
efforts rather the president's decision
reflects the will of the American people
and our right as a nation to choose the
location of our embassy there is no need
to describe it further instead there is
a larger point to make the United States
will remember this day in which it was
singled out for attack in the General
Assembly for the very act of exercising
our right as a sovereign nation we will
remember it when we are called upon to
once again make the world's largest
contribution to the United Nations and
we will remember when so many countries
come calling on us as they so often do
to pay even more and to use our
influence
for their benefit America will put our
embassy in Jerusalem that is what the
American people want us to do and it is
the right thing to do
no vote in the United Nations will make
any difference on that but this vote
will make a difference on how Americans
look at the UN and on how we look at
countries who disrespect us in the UN
and this vote will be remembered thank
you I think the distinguished
representative of the United States I
now give the floor to the distinguished
representative of Israel
Thank You mr. president it is shameful
for the United Nations that I must stand
before you today it is shameful that
this meeting is even taking place
Jerusalem is the holiest place on earth
for the Jewish people it is the capital
of the State of Israel
period it is a fact that simply cannot
be disputed King David declared
Jerusalem the city of the Jewish people
3,000 years ago the Jewish Bible
mentions Jerusalem 660 times our prayers
recall Jerusalem holy name over and over
again as our of Prime Minister the first
Prime Minister David ben-gurion said and
I quote Jerusalem is an inseparable part
of the history of Israel of the face of
Israel
I am holding an original coin it's from
67 ad it says in Hebrew and I quote
freedom of Zion look in the envelope in
front of you you will see you have a
replica of the coin it is clear evidence
from the time of our Second Temple it
proves the ancient connection of Jews to
Jerusalem I were born to Jerusalem is
unbreakable
no UNESCO declaration no empty speeches
no General Assembly resolution will ever
drive us from Jerusalem these are the
facts this body does not want to heal
these are the facts this body wishes to
ignore so today I will tell you about
another unbreakable bond the unbreakable
bond for weepok Rossi between the
Palestinians and the United Nations some
of cautioned that the United States
decision is one-sided and harmful to
peace the opposite is true it is a
one-sided steps of the Palestinians and
the UN that have pushed away peace for
years with every anti-israel resolution
with every attack on my people the UN
has perfected its double standard we are
now sitting in an open session an
emergency session of the General
Assembly this session has been open
since 1997 we live in a world that is
full of conflict and war but only when
it
comes to Israel they want through
democracy in the Middle East that this
assembly remain in a constant open
session how many times as Israel reached
its hand in peace since 1997 how many
times have we offered the Palestinians
to join us in dialogue how many times of
these calls for peace has been rejected
all of us all of us have lost count when
Prime Minister Barack offered the
Palestinians a state in 2000 we were met
with suicide bombers on our buses and
shootings in our streets in 2005 by
Minister Sharon disengaged from Gaza
he removed every single Israeli home you
will not find any settlements any
occupation in Gaza anymore since then we
have been attacked again and again with
rockets and missiles aimed at our
civilians yet this body was silent the
United States simply stated a fact they
officially declared what has always been
true Jerusalem has been and always will
be the capital of the state of Israel
those who support today's resolution
like puppets
you are puppets pulled by the strings or
your Palestinian puppet masters you are
like marionettes forced to dance while
the Palestinian leadership looks on with
glee you are blind to the lies unaware
of the manipulation surrounding you just
like a puppet this vote is nothing more
performance of delusion the Palestinians
know this resolution is a fraud they
know this resolution that absolutely
nothing for the light of the Palestinian
people they know it won't create jobs
for their people they know it won't
provide better health care for the
people of Ramallah or Gaza no this
resolution is nothing more than a
distraction all it will do is tell the
Palestinians they can continue rejecting
peace and if you vote for it
you are sanctioning that view I thank
those brave countries that do not
support this resolution you have not
fallen prey to the puppet show before us
you are the defenders of real peace you
are the leaders who prove that no UN
resolution can rewrite history because
when a UN resolution designates Israel's
presence in palace of Jerusalem as
illegal in reality it designates the
presence of the Jewish people at the
western wall as a legal
mr. president for thousands of years
Jews had only partial access or were
even banned completely from the Western
world other nations kingdoms and empires
that occupied Jerusalem over the
centuries had no respect for freedom of
religion but when Israel was founded we
established a strong democracy our
democracy is based on individual
freedoms one of those freedoms in the
freedom of religion in all these years
later our democracy and our commitment
to those freedoms continue to thrive we
know Jerusalem is sacred to
billions around the world Israel
respects all religions and encourages
everyone to visit and pray in the holy
city mr. president with a particular
irony with today's resolution countries
that sponsor today's resolution accuse
the United States and Israel or
violating international law countries
like Yemen where terror groups like Al
Qaeda and Isis find fertile ground
the irony continues in every other
scenario this body preaches human rights
and peace but not when it comes to
Israel in fact you completely ignore the
effect acts of terror that threaten
Israeli citizens these past two weeks
alone have seen 23 rocket attacks by
Hamas into Israel we heard nothing from
the UN no Security Council meeting no
emergency session of the General
Assembly nothing the PA threatened
violence and days of Rage but the UN had
no condemnation mr. president let me be
clear
violence and terror must never be
tolerated if this body were really
United for peace it would pass a
resolution condemning Palestinian
violence this resolution only encourages
more violence and instability it
encourages the Palestinian leadership to
continue on this dangerous path you
permit them to pursue violence in the
name of Jerusalem the city of peace
mr. president
Israel is an optimistic country we
returned home after thousands of years
in exile we made the Desert Bloom and
defended our country from countless
attacks 42 years ago this body nearly
the General Assembly this body adapted a
different shameful resolution it equated
Zionism with racism it took 16 long
years for that hateful resolution to be
revoked I have no doubt that today's
resolution will also end up in the trash
bin of history I have no doubt that the
day will come when the entire
international community will finally
come to recognize Jerusalem the eternal
capital or the state of evil thank you I
thank the distinguished representative
of Israel I now give the floor to the
distinguished representative of Paula
Varian Republic of Venezuela on behalf
of the non-aligned movement
until the toll
see
they feed Masucci
No vente Moon World Herald global peace
thank you very much president I thank
the distinguished representative of
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela on
behalf of non-aligned movement I now
give the floor to the distinguished
representative of Pakistan
Thank You mr. president
my delegation joins others in commending
your decision to promptly reconvene the
10th emergency special special session
of the General Assembly on the question
of Jerusalem in the face of this new
challenge where unilateral actions by
one country are said to undo decades of
work of the international community and
to defy international law this
Parliament of man this Parliament of the
world is the right and appropriate forum
to send a reassuring message to the
suffering and the long oppressed people
of Palestine who have been losing hope
in the possibility of securing a viable
contiguous an independent state of
Palestine as well as losing hope in the
effectiveness of the United Nations to
address their plight mr. president on
behalf of the people and the government
of Pakistan I wish to reiterate that the
u.s. decision to recognize Jerusalem as
a so-called capital of Israel and to
relocate its embassy to the holy city
constitutes a clear violation of
international law and is contrary to the
provisions of several United Nations
Security Council and General Assembly
resolutions we regret and we reject this
action and I urge the United States to
rescind its decision mr. president we
find ourselves at one of history's
turning points the extraordinary
developments of the past few weeks
warrant an equally extraordinary
response from us we must uphold the
prevalent and time-honored norms both
legal and moral we must also recommit to
thwarting any and all attempts to
violate the inhalable rights of the
Palestinian people and the ultimate goal
of a two-state solution my delegation
believes that the u.s. veto earlier this
week in the council
represents a dangerously misplaced
strategy the Vito attempted to
legitimize a declaration that is already
null and void and lacks any legality
through the resolution that we will
adopt today the rest of the world will
say clearly and unambiguously that it
cannot and will not be complicit in any
act of illegality mr. president support
to the Palestinian cause and the defense
of and cots al-sharif has been a pillar
of my country's foreign policy our
support remains unwavering and will
always remain unwavering
despite the kind of threats that we have
received in recent days my country has
always demonstrated its solidarity with
the Palestinian people and their
legitimate aspirations Parliament both
the Senate and the National Assembly
have unanimously echoed these sentiments
we all stand firmly behind the
Palestinian people and behind their just
struggle let me recall but the
first-ever standalone General Assembly
resolution on Jerusalem GA resolution
22:53 adopted on 4th of July 1967 at an
emergency special session of the General
Assembly was led and sponsored proudly
by Pakistan today equally proudly
Pakistan will join the rest of the
international community in adopting this
landmark resolution to collectively
reject the revisionists decision of the
United States we have also co-sponsored
this resolution finally mr. president in
conclusion let me say a viable
independent and contiguous state of
Palestine on the basis of
internationally agreed parameters the
pre-1967 borders and with Alcott's al
sharif as its capital remains the only
sustainable guarantee for securing and
enduring peace
in the Middle East no other path will
ever constitute a just solution no other
plan will work no other plan will
succeed and no other plan will be
acceptable by us thank you I thank the
distinguished representative of Pakistan
I now give the floor to the
distinguished representative of
Indonesia
mr. president I wish to thank you for
facilitating this highly critical
session today in response to the
announcement from president from
recognizing Jerusalem how could a Sharif
as the capital of Israel and the
relocation of its embassy in Israel to
the city of Jerusalem kutis Arif we also
appreciate the League of Arab states and
the Organization of Islamic Conference
for rapidly responding to the failure of
the Security Council earlier this week
in adopting its resolution we also thank
the member of the non-aligned movement
for a strong support mr. president
Indonesia as expressed by our president
in the OIC summit in Istanbul is of the
opposition that the recognition made by
the United States to recognize Jerusalem
Alcazar's Arif as the capital of Israel
is unacceptable and not only hurting the
feeling of many peoples in the world but
also hurting the feeling of justice this
unilateral decision brought nothing but
keeping us away from the two-state
solution and making the independence of
Palestinian seems far an impossible in
addition this decision only aggravates
the already vulnerable condition and
rinsed the effort to pursue peace that
this august body is longing for far too
long
therefore once again we reiterate that
the decision should be rejected
furthermore this unilateral recognition
violates and undermines the number of
Security Council resolution General
Assembly resolution and supporting the
illegal activities committed by Israel
which violates international
humanitarian and international human
rights law mr. president all resolution
concerning the status of the Holy See of
Jerusalem
alcázar serif' and the rest of the
palestinian territory occupied by Israel
since 1967 must be respected
without exception there has been
international consensus recognizing
Jerusalem centrality and sensitivity to
the peace process unfortunately we have
witness in the past few days statement
disrespecting the Security Council
resolution and many GA resolutions let
me briefly recall history and quote
paragraph 5 point B of Security Council
resolution 478 1 1980 which states calls
upon those states that have established
diplomatic mission at Jerusalem to
withdraw such mission from the holy city
this resolution of the Security Council
of 1980 was adopted by 14 volts to none
with one abstention it is still valid
and continued to be valid until peace is
sustained for the Palestinian Indonesia
will once again stress our position that
it does not accept any statements and
activities that this that disgraced this
august body and its product that our
reflection of the world recognition
toward the legitimate rights of the
Palestinian people let alone by one or
two states let me stress again any
attempts to change the character and
status of the Palestinian territory
occupied since 1967 including East
Jerusalem has no legal validity and
considered now and void it also
constitutes flagrant violation of
international law in major obstacle to
the achievement of the two-state
solution and a comprehensive peace
Jerusalem Alcazar series is a fail final
status issue that must be resolved
through negotiation between the two
parties it is up to us here in this
chamber as peace-loving nation the ones
that must uphold the rule of law justice
and the dignity of this moot
naturalism we need to demonstrate our
good faith and Trust to the system for
the maintenance of peace and security I
call once again on all peace-loving
nations to support the resolution that
has been provided by Yemen and Turkey on
behalf of the many co-sponsors including
Indonesia the Indonesian people puts
high expectation to the United Nation
and its member states whose resolution
has been blatantly violated to make the
right decision and make a strong stance
against any unilateral recognition in
contrary to international law Indonesia
also urged a member of the United Nation
not to follow the unilateral recognition
of United States to relocate its embassy
to Jerusalem Indonesia is convinced that
we can still rely on the United Nation
to feel fulfilled the world expectation
finally mr. president let me once again
assured my Palestinian brothers and
sister that Indonesia is support for the
legitimate aspiration and rights of the
people of Palestine to live in freedom
peace justice and dignity in their own
homeland has been steadfast and will
continue and diminish as I stand here in
this August chamber representing the
people of Indonesia a sovereign country
and one of the biggest democracy in the
world a master of its own destiny
and decision to once again reaffirm our
strong commitment to always stand with
the Palestinian people for their
legitimate and in a liberal rights our
support will never cease
it will never weaken an initiated are
conformable sujin cocoon de l'ombre join
and come Attica and Palestina I thank
you mr. president
I thank the distinguished representative
of Indonesia I now give the floor to the
distinguished representative of Maldives
Thank You mr. president is a co-sponsor
of this resolution my delegation wishes
to thank him for introducing the draft
resolution on the status of Jerusalem to
the assembly and we also thank Turkey
and Palestine for their leadership in
convening the 10th emergency a special
session of the General Assembly to
consider the status of Jerusalem
my government applauds the visionary
leadership that president of the state
of Palestine His Excellency mr. Mahmoud
Abbas is demonstrating on this issue and
in particular the Palestine's unwavering
faith in the United Nations the current
international system that emerged with
the establishment of the United Nations
is based on international law it is a
system in which the nations of the world
from the greatest powers to microstates
have all pledged is the sign on the UN
Charter to respect to defend and to
abide by international law every member
state of the UN including Israel is
bound to respect and to implement the
resolutions of the Security Council in
good faith the Security Council has
declared in clear in and simple terms
that Israel's occupation of the state of
Palestine is illegal its annexation of
the East Jerusalem is illegal and the
decision by any country to recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's so-called capital
and the real relocation of diplomatic
missions to Jerusalem is also illegal
and should be construed by the
international community as null and void
it is reassuring to see that 14 out of
the 15 members of the Security Council
only this week voted to uphold
international law with regard to the
status of Jerusalem
the General Assembly by European the
resolution on Jerusalem today will
demonstrate the international consensus
on the issue the message to Israel and
the handful of countries
that supports its illegal action are
very clear the international community
is united in upholding the rule of law
and that there is no place in the
international system for illegal
occupation and annexation of people's
lands Israel needs to understand that
the final state of Jerusalem can be
decided through a negotiated settlement
that that any unilateral action to
recognize Jerusalem would be in
violation of international law and the
relevant Security Council resolutions on
this matter this is an opportunity for
Israel to make a strategic decision that
will shape the future of its people the
people of the entire Middle East and
beyond my government appeals to Israel
to it know from illegal occupation of
Palestine and to help create conditions
for the establishment of an independent
and sovereign state of Palestine that
can coexist side by side with Israel
within secure and recognized borders
based on 1967 lines with East Jerusalem
as its capital there is the solution
that the UN Security Council resolutions
have advanced the mould is therefore
concerned Israel to implement to
implement the relevant resolutions to
fully respect the legal obligations it
undertook in the international
agreements it has signed on to and to
return immediately to a framework that
could advance the Middle East peace
process based on a two-state solution
the center of gravity in international
politics is shifting towards the rule of
law no power is too great to ignore this
reality there is the reality that the
resolution we will today will
crystallize and the mall this will
continue to work to ensure that this
reality is sustained over time as it is
hopeful to get elected to the Security
Council for the term 2019 to 2020 we
will work with every member state to
ensure that the United Nations remain
the key actor in finding a lasting
solution for the people of Palestine and
in crafting shared solution for a shared
destiny
for all of us I thank you mr. president
I thank the distinguished representative
of Maldives
I now give the floor to the
distinguished representative of Syrian
Arab Republic
to the city flagrant colonial territory
this decision taken of the occupied
territory in 1967 including their by
well a team at Aloha are part of the
unilateral actions no action illegal
status about their gravity lies in the
fact that this constan as a neutral
party nor qualified mediator in any
attempt to attain to this racial stay in
conflict the Syrian Arab Republic
vehemently condemned States exercise of
the veto against resolution on the
status of Jerusalem at the City Council
this is yet another confirmation the
disdain of the United State
the disdain visible international law
and flagrant violation of international
their unlimited support for the racist
colonial Zionist entity undermine the
rights of the Syrian Arab Republic mr.
president despite the terrorist war
which are enduring with all the
challenges of this cars carries will
never throw in the towel and we will
never announce our unwavering rights of
Christians were sorry and we shall spare
no effort Arab territories continues to
stand firm guarantee for the right of
return of refugees pursuant to
resolution 1940 resolution 194 member
with all right body
we reiterate upon the United Nations to
shoulder its responsibility
implementation Council resolutions with
the aim of putting an end to the
suffering of the people and which is
what is taking place a day irrefutably
reflects the fact that
students students must be punished when
they fail to yield to their authority
and hegemony Thank You mr. president
I thank the distinguished representative
of Syrian Republic I now give the floor
to the distinguished representative of
Bangladesh
mr. president we thank you for resuming
this 10th emergency special session
under the uniting for peace procedure as
per journalism resolution of 1950
Bangladesh aligns itself with the
statements delivered on behalf of Nam
and oh I see
our honourable president attended the
sixth extraordinary OSA summit held in
Istanbul on 13 December 2017 convened by
honourable President Erdogan to
articulate our views on the Middle East
peace process including the question of
East Jerusalem our Honorable Prime
Minister also reaffirmed or unequivocal
position on East Jerusalem as the
capital of an independent and viable
state of Palestine Bangladesh remains
deeply concerned over any decision or
announcement that may compromise the
status of East Jerusalem as a final
status issue in the Middle East peace
process and contribute to changing its
historical and legal status its
demographic structure and its historic
Arab Islamic character we remain
concerned over the possible grave
consequences and threats to
international peace and security to be
inflamed by such decision and action
raising new waves of tension hostility
and violent extremism in the already
volatile Middle East that is likely to
spill over to other parts of the world
Bangladesh stresses on preserving the
legal status of Jerusalem within the
framework of relevant UN resolutions
including relevant Security Council
resolutions Bangladesh reaffirms its
position in favour of establishing the
state of Palestine on the basis of the
1967 borders with East Jerusalem as its
capital Bangladesh urges all parties
concerned to take a pragmatic approach
to the Middle East peace process in
reaching a two-state solution for
enduring peace and stability in the
region as Bangladesh strives to deal
with massive ongoing influx of forcibly
displaced people from Mayan mass Rakhine
State we continue to associate ourselves
with any call or
initiative to bring to closure
protracted conflicts that continue to
ferment indignation intolerance and
mindless violence threatening to spare
no one
in the international community
Bangladesh supports the toughest
resolution in keeping with our
constitutional obligation or
long-standing principled position on the
question of Palestine and our commitment
to international peace and stability and
to the principles of international law
Thank You mr. president I thank the
distinguished representative of
Bangladesh I now give the floor to the
distinguished representative of Cuba
so now we're in the past in Palestine
oohs whoo yeah mal consejo el momento
thank you very much I thank the
distinguished representative of Cuba I
now give the floor to the distinguished
representative of Islamic Republic of
Iran
bismillah ar-rahman ar-rahim mr.
president over the course of the last
several decades Israeli regime has
continuously committed the host of
crimes by occupying the Palestinian land
killing and displacing Palestinians
while enjoying total impunity along this
path the United State has been aiding
and abetting the Israeli regime by
providing its unconditional support and
defending this regime by all means the
US government has never hesitated to
misuse its veto power in violation of
the UN Charter to shield the Assad
regime in the Security Council against
the will of the international community
three days ago when US we told you and
the security response resume
it was the 43rd time the US had used its
veto power to protect Israel from facing
the consequences of its heinous crimes
and blocked their efforts by the members
of the international community to find a
solution to the question of Palestine
the recent illegal decision by the US
administration to recognize alcohols as
the capital of Israel regime and to move
its embassy to its policy to this holy
city has made it crystal clear that the
u.s. is only seeking to secure the
maximum interests of the Israeli regime
and considers no respect for the
legitimate rights of Palestinian
including its rights to
self-determination sir president the
question of Palestine has been on the
agenda of the United Nations since its
early years further the international
community has rightfully recognized the
inalienable rights of the Palestinian
for many decades the Israeli occupation
law is at the center of all crises and
conflicts in the Middle East and Beyond
a fact which has long been acknowledged
by the United Nations
the appalling tragedy and the old wound
of our region in the past 100 years this
began with the conspiracy of the bill
for declaration has entered the new
phase with politically incorrect illegal
and unlawful promise of the u.s.
President to move the American Embassy
to the velocity of boats we strongly
condemn this reckless unilateral act by
us to distort the historical facts and
replaced them with fictions this
administration has done little to hide
its intentions to shift the focus of the
Security Council from the question of
Palestine to fabricated alternative
issues in our region to give the Israeli
regime more space to freely pursue its
criminal policy and practices with this
intention the United States several
times in the Security Council open
debates on the situation of the Middle
East has assessed that the u.s. no
longer subscribes to the internationally
shared belief that the question of
Palestine is the constants priority in
the region such reprehensible statements
are part of a bigger plot to legitimize
the Israeli occupation and its
expansionist policy and practices which
violate not only each and every norm of
international law but also teachings of
all divine religions and profit that are
based on justice and compassion the
member states never paid heed to this
delusional desire this General Assembly
meeting as well as the recent Security
Council meeting on this issue or near
manifestation that the u.s. plan has
failed and the occupation of Palestine
and Al would stand at the center of all
conflicts in the Middle East in
conclusion
Palestine is in the heart and minds of
all Muslims as well as all peace-loving
nations around the globe denying this
fact is equal to being accomplished with
the Israeli illegal occupation and
actions and ignoring human conscience
the Islamic Republic of Iran expresses
its solidarity with the oppressed people
of plus Palestine during this difficult
time I thank you mr. president I thank
the distinguished representative of
Islamic Republic of Iran I now give the
floor to the distinguished
representative of China
to each other
mr. Patel flammond he finishing up in
the fundamental problem bearing pure in
the redevelopment he of Yoshi Jerusalem
stands at quantico specialty bearing on
the basis of what our general Solomon
tweeting contain provisions
understanding so we call on the internet
via YouTube to remain united working in
a joint efforts to pursue peace don't
you know that mental age someone related
situation where you who for the greatest
process in the Middle East in Turkey we
see an art piece that we don't we scan
London efforts to facilitate these are
negotiations to settle in Claudia Monte
the final status solve polynomial just
what we don't firmly supporting and
facilitating I mean people in restoring
establishment of Independence Day you
know following the first time based on
preeminence in Toledo is politics alone
as its capital volatility which -
position has such a chump awkward
artificial impugn president cheating and
here of China Paulo fought for we don't
you point the proposal to the entrance
July under settlement is dango family
including the promotion original process
based on the to stay in treatment
adherence to the common law company and
sustainable vision would you stop with
further coordination of being strong
efforts to enhance synergy for clean
versus law holistic approach to the
water for cooking in promoting the food
into the past in question who in the
interest of peace stability and
development in the Middle East
Thank You mr. president I thank the
distinguished representative of China I
now give the floor to the distinguished
representative of Malaysia
Thank You mr. president
at the outset I wish to extend my
position and commend you mr. president
for the timely convening of this
important emergency special session of
the General Assembly following the
failure of the Security Council to adopt
a similar resolution on Jerusalem
introduced by Egypt on Monday 18
December allow me to also extend my
delegations appreciation to Yemen for
tabling the draft resolution II /es 10
/l 22 on the stateless of Jerusalem at
this session my delegation wishes to
align itself with the statement
delivered earlier on by Venezuela on
behalf of the non-aligned movement mr.
president Melissa joined the
international community in expressing
our deep concern and reject the decision
by United States to recognize Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel and relocate
its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
such move undermines efforts to
expanding a comprehensive just and
durable solution to the
palestinian-israeli conflict it has
caused dismay and frustrations of
majority of member states particularly
the Palestinians and the Muslim world
including those who wish to see peace
stability and security in the region
it is also an impingement of the palatal
Palestinians people's right and their
right to self-determination the decision
also goes against relevant UN EC
resolution such as resolution 4 7 8 1980
and resolution 33 34 2016 which provided
the foundations for the peace process
that affirmed the city of Jerusalem as a
final status issue which must be
resolved through bilateral negotiation
between Palestine and Israel under the
framework
the two-state solution mr. president the
issue of outputs our Sharif is at the
heart of the Palestinian cause
recognition of Jerusalem as the capital
of Israel endorses Israel is brutal
occupation and repressive policies which
have caused immense suffering to the
Palestinian people we are concerned that
this dire situation will only feed into
the agenda of the extremists and
frustrate our collective efforts in our
big objective of combating terrorism and
ending the vicious cycle of violence the
impasse in the Middle East peace process
needs pragmatic solutions based on the
relevant UNSC resolutions and unte
resolution and based on international
law and norms and we hope the United
States can make a helpful contribution
by rescinding its decision and
shouldering its responsibility in
helping to achieve a comprehensive and
lasting peace on the basis of the
two-state solution mr. president Melissa
continues to believe that a two-state
solution where the Palestinians and the
Israelis living side-by-side in peace
based on the pre-1967 borders with each
Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine is
the only viable solution to this
long-lasting conflict I thank you mr.
president I thank the distinguished
representative of Malaysia I now give
the floor to the distinguished
representative of the Democratic
People's Republic of Korea
mr. president the international
community strengthen its cooperation
more than able to put an end to the
confrontation and the contradiction
between Palestine and Israel which
lasted for over half a century and
ensuring lasting peace in the Middle
East at the 70s emitter of the
non-aligned movement held in Venezuela
last September the heads of state and
government reformed the commitment
operative to defend the interest of
developing countries in the issue
directly related to the world peace and
security such as to say situation in the
Middle East including the Christian of
Palestine by promoting Madrid but voltio
tedium is speciality by strengthening
key role of the United Nations
furthermore last December the United
Nations Security Council adopted a
resolution which argued Israel to stop
the illegal construction of a settlement
earlier or reduce in the West Bank and
East all causes the decision by US
President Trump to recognize Buddhist as
the capital of Israel and a third boob
the US Embassy there will deserved for
global condemnation and the rejection as
it is open the fan of love and on insult
the international estimates and in
animals will of the international
society the state to produce remains so
sensitive that it for sure should be
solved fairly by means of digital mating
the National large of the Palestine
people and the striking of comprehensive
and lasting solution of the Middle East
problems the yes and the Israel should
be fearful
pure full responsibility for all the
consensus of tension and instability
that will be Intel
in the Middle East region or into each
necklace and high-handed eggs the United
States and itself should pay attention
to the effort of the international
community so to solve the issue of
Middle East including question of
Palestine in conformity with the
international law and other relatable UN
Security Council resolutions for the
benefit of the Palestine and other
people and attended a Middle East peace
process with honesty and diligence my
delegation availed itself of this
opportunity to enter it it's a support
and encouragement to the struggle of
Palestine people D trading their
legitimate rights setting up the
independence and state with the East all
photos as it capital and to the travel
of other people for their cause of
justice
I thank
I thank the distinguished it was a
representative of Democratic People's
Republic of Korea I now give the floor
to the distinguished representative of
South Africa mr. president I would like
to thank you for convening this meeting
South Africa's position with regard to
Jerusalem is a principle one which is
represented in relevant United Nations
General Assembly and Security Council
resolutions we believe Jerusalem is a
final status issue to resolve through
direct negotiations between the two
parties on the basis of the relevant
Security Council and General Assembly
resolutions that inform of position to
support and co-sponsor this draft
resolution we would further like to
state we align ourselves with an AM
statement as delivered by Venezuela
South Africa is deeply concerned that
unilateral action by the United States
to recognize Jerusalem as the capital
city of Israel undermines progress that
has been registered within the context
of the Middle East peace process the MEP
P we believe that the MEP P seeks to
secure a loss in sustainable peace
between the State of Israel and the
state of Palestine we believe the
decision by the US government to
relocate the u.s. embassy to Jerusalem
is regrettable and it's not constructive
in advancing a sustainable solution in
the MEP P the South African government
remains in favour of a two-state
solution for Palestine and Israel based
on the international recognition and
independence of the state of Palestine
based on the 4 June 1967 borders with
East Jerusalem as its capital with the
peoples of Palestine and Israel exist in
peacefully side-by-side in two
independent states we also recall all
United Nations resolutions
the Security Council resolution 47 6
1980 and 47 8 of 1982 which the council
inter alia reconfirmed that all
legislative and administrative measures
and actions taken by Israel the
occupying power which report to alter
the character and status of the holy
city of Jerusalem have no legal validity
and must be rescinded forthwith affirmed
that the internet in entertainment of
the basic laws by Israel constitute a
violation of international law the sides
not to recognize the basic law and such
other actions for Israel that as a
result of law seek to alter the the
character and status of Jerusalem and
call upon all Member States to accept
this decision and called upon those
states that have established diplomatic
missions at Jerusalem to withdraw such
missions from the holy city in this
regard we call for the full respect of
the relevant Security Council
resolutions and decisions mr. president
so that figure--comes continues to
believe that the best option for the
resolution resolution of the
arab-israeli conflict is premised upon
firstly the natal right of the
Palestinian people to self-determination
and independence which entails a
principled position against the military
occupation of the Palestinian people and
their land
secondly the right of both the peoples
of Israel and Palestine to live side by
side in peace in their own States with
internationally recognized borders
thirdly I believe that there can be no
military solution to the conflict and
that peaceful negotiations is the only
means of ensuring lasting peace security
and stability and fourthly a commitment
to multilateralism in order to secure a
sustainable solution and a rules-based
international order
finally we appeal the government of the
United States of America
consider its decision to relocate his
Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem as such a
move compromises and undermines the
principles of a two-state solution based
on a peaceful coexistence between the
peoples of Israel and Palestine I thank
you I thank the distinguished
representative of South Africa I now
call on the observer for the observer
State for the Holy See
mr. president delegation of the Holy See
wishes to express its appreciation to
the Member States for their commitment
to averting new rounds of violence and
to promoting dialogue and negotiations
between Israelis and Palestinians on the
peace process and the question of
Jerusalem at the same time
it wishes to recall the obligation of
all nations to respect the historical
status quo of the holy city in
accordance with relevant UN resolutions
mr. president
the unique identity of Jerusalem which
is of universal interest consists in its
particular nature as a holy city most
sacred to the three monotheistic
religions and a symbol for millions of
believers worldwide who consider it
their spiritual capital its significance
goes beyond the question of borders and
this reality should be considered a
priority in every negotiation for a
political solution the Holy See
therefore calls for a peaceful
resolution that respects the nature of
Jerusalem its sacredness and universal
value and reiterates that only an
internationally guaranteed status can
preserve its unique character and be an
assurance of dialogue and reconciliation
for peace in the region Thank You mr.
president
I thank the observer for the observer
state for the Holy See we have heard the
last speaker in the debate on this item
I'd like to inform delegations that the
debate on the item has concluded as such
statements will therefore be limited to
explanation of vote in this regard
I'd like to recall that in accordance
with rule 88 of the rules of procedure
of the General Assembly the proposer of
a proposal is not permitted to explain
their vote on their own proposal the
Assembly will now take a decision on
draft resolution a /es - 10 / L 22
entitled status of Jerusalem for your
information the draft resolution is
closed for a sponsorship I now give the
floor to the representative of the
Secretariat Thank You mr. president
I should like to announce that since the
submission of the draft resolution and
in addition to those delegations listed
on the L document the following
countries have also become co-sponsors
of a /es - 10 / L 22 Algeria Bahrain
Bangladesh the Plurinational state of
Bolivia Brunei Darussalam Cuba Djibouti
Ecuador Egypt Gambia Indonesia Iraq
Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Libya Malaysia
Maldives Mauritania Morocco Oman
Pakistan Qatar Saudi Arabia Senegal
Sudan Syrian Arab Republic Tunisia
United Arab Emirates whose becca stan
Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela and
state of Palestine I would also like to
inform delegations that Afghanistan and
Mali have withdrawn their spa
to ship if any other countries wish to
co-sponsor a /es / 10 / L 22 please
signify now by pressing the microphone
button South Africa Camaros and Somalia
have also joined the list of delegations
co-sponsoring the resolution and
democratic Democratic Republic of Korea
any others
Thank You mr. president thank you I
courted vote has been requested
we shall now begin the voting process
those in favor of draft resolution a /
es - 10 / L 20 - please signify those
against abstentions the General Assembly
is now voting on draft resolution a / es
- 10 / L 22 entitled status of Jerusalem
will all delegations confirm that their
votes are accurately reflected on the
screen
the voting has been completed please
lock the machine
the result of the vote is as follows in
favor 128 against 9 abstentions
35 draft resolution a / es - 10 / l22 is
adopted
before giving the flow for explanations
of vote after the vote Mary my
delegations that explanation of vote are
limited to ten minutes and should be
made by delegation from their seats I
now give the floor to Estonia on behalf
of a group of countries thank you very
much mr. president let me deliver this
explanation of vote after the vote on
behalf of the following new member
states Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus
Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany
Ireland Italy Luxembourg Malta
Netherlands Portugal Slovakia Slovenia
Spain Sweden and the United Kingdom as
well as on behalf of Montenegro and
Serbia we reiterate our firm commitment
to the two-state solution and in this
context the position of our states on
Jerusalem remains unchanged the
aspirations of both parties must be
fulfilled and a way must be found to
negotiations to resolve the status of
Jerusalem as the future capital of both
states we will continue to respect the
international consensus on Jerusalem
embodied in inter alia UN Security
Council resolution 478 including on the
location of their diplomatic
representations until the final status
of Jerusalem is resolved recognising the
special significance of the holy sites
of Jerusalem we strongly believe that
the status quo for the Temple Mount al
al Haram al-sharif must be upheld in
line with previous understandings and
with respect to Jordans special role our
countries will continue to work
tirelessly with the parties regional and
international partners not least within
the Middle East quartet to promote a
return to a meaningful process towards a
negotiated two-state solution in line
with known parameters towards a peace
that can be sustained a negotiated
two-state solution which will fail
the aspirations of both sides is the
only realistic way to bring the lasting
peace and security that both Israelis
and Palestinians deserve I thank you
very much mr. president I thank Estonia
on behalf of a group of countries I now
give the floor to Australia Thank You
mr. president
Australia has a long-standing commitment
to a two-state solution in the conflict
between Israel and the Palestinians this
has been articulated at the highest
levels of the Australian government and
reconfirmed in recent weeks there is
much in this resolution with which we
agree we agree that Jerusalem is a final
status issue to be resolved through
negotiations and Australia will maintain
its diplomatic representation to Israel
in Tel Aviv and its representation to
the Palestinian Authority in Ramallah we
also agree with the call for an
intensification of efforts aimed at
achieving a comprehensive just and
lasting peace Australia does not support
unilateral action by either side of this
conflict we consider that such actions
undermine the peace process we do not
however consider that this further
resolution in addition to the many on
the peace process issued by the General
Assembly each year helps bring the
parties back to the negotiating table we
do not wish to see any party isolated
from the process and so we have
abstained on this occasion we also wish
to see the United States of America
continue to play a leadership role in
seeking a resolution to the conflict
although we are under no illusions that
finding a resolution to the conflict
will be easy our firm and sincere hope
is that Israel and the Palestinians will
return to the negotiating table as soon
as possible and we continue to encourage
them to do so
Thank You mr. president I thank
Australia I give the floor to Paraguay
I think Argentina I give the floor to
Romania mr. president
Romania underlines the need for a just
and long-lasting solution of the
israeli-palestinian conflict through the
implementation of the two-state solution
Israel and Palestine living side by side
in peace and security as the only viable
solution capable to guarantee the
fulfillment of both sides aspirations
Jerusalem represents a central theme in
the peace negotiations and its status
must be decided by a direct agreement
between the two parties involved
as underlined by both the European Union
and the United Nations and the US
administration as well the rainiest
position concerning the status of the
city of Jerusalem complies with the
provisions on the international
legislation and the relevant illusions
of the Security Council and the General
Assembly expressing its concern towards
the possible negative repercussions on
the security climate in the Middle East
Romania is calling for calm and
encourages the parties to resume direct
dialogue in order to move forward the
peace process we consider time has come
for renewing the international efforts
in order to relaunch the peace process
in the Middle East and in this regard we
look cautiously to the moment of
launching this resolution thank you
Canada continues to support building the
conditions necessary for the parties to
find a peaceful solution we are
disappointed that this resolution is
one-sided and does not advance prospects
for peace to which we aspire which is
why we have abstained on today's vote
mr. president we also take this
opportunity to emphasize the importance
of the city of Jerusalem to the three
monotheistic religions denying the
connection between Jerusalem and the
Jewish Muslim and Christian faiths
undermines the integrity of the site for
all we also reiterate the need to
maintain the status quo at Jerusalem's
holy sites Canada calls for calm and
firmly condemns the violence terrorism
and targeting of civilians witnessed in
the past weeks thank you
I thank Canada I now give the floor to
Nicaragua Senor president incident
Nicaragua electric are so water it
massively pregunta preoccupation like
enjoy that
in question thank you very much
president I thank the Kirara I now good
flow to Mexico
we are doctors lista to toe of the holy
city of laughing
including the definitive stage thank you
very much president I thank Mexico I
give the floor to Czech Republic Thank
You mr. president the Czech Republic
fully supports the common EU position on
Jerusalem as stated at the recent
European Council nevertheless we have
decided to abstain during today's vote
because in our view the resolution does
not contribute to the solution of the
Middle East peace process on the
contrary it contributes to the
differences between both sides the
Israelis and the Palestinians the Czech
Republic strongly believes that it is
important to find an outcome regarding
the Jerusalem issue at the negotiating
table thank you very much mr. president
I thank the trigger public I now give
the floor to Armenia thank you very much
mr. president
Armenia has already expressed its
position on the status of Jerusalem and
has now changed the status of Jerusalem
is one of the most important issues of
the international agenda and should be
solved through negotiations within the
context of the acceptable solutions for
the parties to the israeli-palestinian
conflict
this can pave the way for the
establishment of lasting peace and
security Jerusalem has a centuries-old
armenian presence rich romanian
historical and cultural heritage
Apostolic Church is one of the major
guardedness of the Christian holy places
therefore we are attentively following
developments to Jerusalem we took note
of the recently expressed positions on
Jerusalem recognizing that they do not
prejudice the determination of the final
status of Jerusalem through negotiations
thank you very much I thank Armenia I
give the floor to Hungary mr. president
the position of the Hungarian government
has been consistent hungry doesn't
comment the foreign policy decision of
the US administration the position of
the Hungarian government regarding the
Middle East peace process remains
unchanged I thank you mr. president I
thank Hungary I give the floor to Latvia
mr. president
latias position remains unchanged Latvia
considers that peace in the Middle
East's can be achieved through two-state
solution to be achieved in
israeli-palestinian talks taking into
account the interests of both sides
Latvia considers that the status of
Jerusalem must be decided in direct
talks and Jerusalem must become the
capital of two states within the EU
Plataea together with other EU Member
States and its institutions will
continue to an active dialogue in order
to search for a positive solution to the
Middle East peace process it is
important not to escalate the political
and security situation in the region
Latvia did not see that this resolution
would contribute to the determination of
the status of Jerusalem and therefore
abstained on it thank you I thank Latvia
we've heard the last speaker in
explanations of vote after the vote
before proceeding further I'd like to
give the floor to the representative of
the Secretariat Thank You mr. president
I would like to inform delegations but
Afghanistan remains an additional
sponsor of the draft resolution due to a
miscommunication the Secretariat had
erroneously announced that Afghanistan
had withdrawn its sponsorship Thank You
mr. president I thank the representative
of the Secretariat the delegation of
Estonia requested the floor thank you
very much once again mr. president I
would like to make the following
clarification to the statement I made
earlier on behalf of a number of member
states and I would like to add Albania
Lithuania and the Former Yugoslav
Republic of Macedonia to the to the
statement thank you very much
I think the delegation of Estonia in
accordance with the terms of paragraph
four of the result resolution just
adopted the 10th emergency special
session of the General Assembly is
adjourned the meeting is adjourned
