ten times more civilians may have been
killed during the us-led operation to
liberate the Iraqi city of Mosul from
ISIL than previously thought
that's according to new research by The
Associated Press The News Agency
obtained data from Iraqi morgues as well
as nongovernmental organizations it says
as many as eleven thousand civilians may
have been killed during the nine-month
operation artis Murad gas D F
investigates The Associated Press's
count is arguably already out of date if
you consider all the people that have
died as a consequence of the Battle of
Mosul
just this morning we got a call that
three more children were killed there
when I'm an exploded been detonated
under the wreckage there at the house
that they were playing on and such
explosions are an everyday occurrence
where the bombs left behind by Isis or
unexploded bombs dropped by the us-led
coalition or Iraqi Jets nevertheless
this count is 10 times higher than
official estimates we got from the Iraqi
government the us-led coalition or even
the United Nations The Associated Press
says that of those nine to 11 thousand
civilian casualties three or four
thousand were caused by the us-led
coalition we the iraqi air force
previously the us-led coalition said
that it was responsible for no more than
three hundred and twenty or so deaths it
claimed that it didn't have the
resources to send investigators to look
at every reported incident The
Associated Press cited as its sources
various human rights agencies as well as
unofficial body counts death tallies and
with tip offs from Iraqi morgues but the
number itself is entirely unsurprising
if you've been to Mosul I fished and
seen what a city of two million has been
turned into injuries airstrikes corpses
crossfire this is the reality of war
what you likely haven't heard of is the
smell it's nauseating repulsive and it's
everywhere the sort of smell that makes
instinctly sick smell of rotting bodies
this is what rescuers have collected
just this morning three suspected Isis
fighters two women and two children
that's an Iraqi helicopter launching
missiles at Isis targets in and you can
hear Isis small arms fire they're
targeting the helicopter in turn over
there six seven hundred meters away is
the aftermath of an air strike that hit
minutes ago just before we got here this
is a city of two million that has been
all but leveled
we spoke to rescuers this morning that
are still digging bodies out of moose on
that say the old city of NIM cell which
suffered the worst of the fighting the
worst of the bombing is it's still
largely a wreck in there's a smell that
is Hungama City for months and months on
end
