you are welcomed in Chicago as you
pursue the American dream you'll have
been killed in Chicago's then impose
rules combined this has been going on
for quite some time and the people are
keeping quiet of the community members
themselves they're the same ones who are
in the most in need of help but they are
scared to get out they're scared to ask
for help
for one of the biggest street gangs
selling drugs with my only option that I
thought we took the bat for my child at
the time we need to create a culture of
accountability of picking up a gun and
using it
let me get that education
you chose not to shoot this guy because
she would want her family to go through
the scrutiny the next day for national
news
we flip on the news and people become
numbers these are lives and these are
human lives and unfortunately leadership
has failed
