cryptocurrency Bitcoin is had a
rollercoaster ride over the last week
hitting a record 20 thousand dollars a
coin at the weekend before sliding back
to under 17,000 on Tuesday I discussed
bitcoins ups and downs with Max Keiser
host of artis Keiser Report and dr. Jack
Brazos professor of political economy at
st. Mary's College in California and
also author of the new book central
bankers at the end of their ropes not
going to be the currency of the future
because the central banks will start
issuing known digital currencies before
it's threatens the money supply but it
is definitely a commodity speculative
bubble bitcoins and all the cryptos are
a commodity play much like gold in fact
they're second a lot of cap money
capital investment out of the gold
market and it is the speculative play
and I think it's going to go higher but
it is a speculative bubble and the key
question is will it post some sort of
danger to the financial asset markets in
general and that that's a possibility
what's driving the action in bitcoin is
people who are looking for a store of
value and escaping the US dollar which
is the tulip bulb of our era the stock
market and bond market are the tulip
bulbs of our era the tulip bulb of 1630
was driven by highly leveraged
transactions that's what gave us tulip
ball mania of 1630 bitcoin is the
opposite of that margin bargain in
retail buyers in Japan are driving this
market it's not the the techie nerds in
the US and whenever you get extreme
margin buying are you gonna get a lot of
volatility and it's gonna collapse no
it's not fault its effect most of this
distrait is located at now then and the
Japan financial Authority has
legitimized this and the CBE and CC BOE
and see at me are legitimizing this and
the hedge funds are jumping into this
and you're gonna get ETFs and you're
gonna an ETF isn't one of the things
that drive in the stock market right now
and passive in the index investing and
when you get ETFs in bitcoins with the
volatility you're going to get a
psychological effect of ETF collapsing
in Bitcoin and it could spill over to
the stock market and
market et us that's a contagion channel
and that's a big risk
the banks gonna try and derail it or
change it into something that they can
control because we've heard the French
and German Finance Minister is calling
for a debate at the g20 summit for
regulation a Bitcoin are they going to
try and make it something they can
handle they can try but they'll fail
because there's no way to stop it it's
unstoppable
there's nothing they can do to stop the
adoption growth acceptance of Bitcoin as
a store of value as a currency and as a
unit of account that's the history
