ten times more civilians may have been
killed by the us-led coalition in the
liberation of Mosul than previously
reported that's according to new
research conducted by The Associated
Press The News Agency obtained data from
Iraqi morgues as well as from
nongovernmental organizations it added
up to eleven thousand civilians who may
have been killed in the nine-month
operation with nearly a third of them
dying from coalition air raids the
coalition itself has acknowledged just
4% of AP's number
we spoke to Mohammed Sarah Kyle he's the
UN coordinator with the Salaam for
democracy and human rights group and he
warns high civilian casualties are
inevitable as the coalition made
indiscriminate use of weapons in densely
populated civilian areas the last
reports by the UN in May has addressed a
6,000 that were killed by the terrorist
group by Isis there's a lot alone by the
numbers by the coalition groups
especially against civilians because as
young stands most of the terrorist
groups were hiding within the civilians
houses or taking severe as as a shield
no doubt the the weapons are being used
by the coalition especially by the US
Army it does not discriminate between
civilians or terrorists over by
civilians all the ISIS because they used
a number of weapons that does not
allocate as such the terrorists as we
understand this is a terrorist groups
not an army where they clearly indicate
the targets the weapon that we used by
the US usually is used on wide areas and
also if you use if you look at the Mosul
as a city is very concerned very
populated area it is not an open open
space where you can target easy of the
terrorist groups so there were target in
houses they were targeting small roads
there were talking small neighborhoods
this again the question is raised again
why there's not such a thing as
independent and investigation by the UN
to look into how the operation has been
handled
