president Donald Trump has threatened to
cut aid to UN members who vote for a
resolution that condemns the u.s.
decision recognizing Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel they take hundreds of
millions of dollars and even billions of
dollars and then they vote against us
well we're watching those votes let them
vote against us we'll save a lot let's
get more on this story now from our
correspondent Kayla Morgan joins us from
New York what's been happening there
don't stand on Trump up to this time
well we hear these words from US
president Donald Trump essentially
threatening to cut aid to countries that
vote for the upcoming UN General
Assembly resolution now we'll recall
recently how there was a vote at the
United Nations Security Council
regarding this issue there was a
resolution presented by Egypt that would
have essentially rendered the u.s.
decision to recognize Jerusalem as
Israel's capital and move its embassy to
Jerusalem it would have essentially
rendered it null and void well that
resolution was voted for fourteen to one
with every other country represented at
the UN Security Council voting for it
but the USA voting against it and the
USA being a permanent member that it was
then at that point it was vetoed it was
defeated because a permanent member does
have the ability to overrule any
resolution so let's take a kind of a
review of what went on at the UN
Security Council when there was a 14 to
1 vote the statues of Jerusalem as the
future capital of two states should be
determined through a negotiated
settlement between the Israelis and the
Palestinians any decision and actions
which purport to have alter the
character and status of Jerusalem have
no legal effect any unilateral actions
increase the risk of escalating the
conflicts we support the just cause of
restoring the legitimate national rights
of the Palestinian people now at this
point there seems to be so much outrage
in response to Trump's decision
regarding Jerusalem that at this point
it's being taken beyond the UN Security
Council to the United Nations
General Assembly you're just planning to
have a vote now it's important to note
that this decision which will be you
know voted on by the UN General Assembly
that's every member state that that
decision will not mean binding however
at this point we've seen nikki Haley who
is the US ambassador to the United
Nations get on Twitter and warn that she
is taking names of countries that vote
for this resolution now furthermore
there is a letter that has surfaced
that's purported to be a letter from
nikki Haley to various UN member states
as the authenticity is not yet confirmed
but it seems to this letter that is it
has been circling I talks about how
Donald Trump appears to be taking
personally anyone who votes for this
resolution in the UN General Assembly
so as this unpopular decision was taken
by the United States the USA recognizing
Jerusalem as Israel's capital sparking
protests and anger around the world and
an opposition in the international arena
it seems that as a vote is pending in
the UN General Assembly that it's almost
as if some effort to intimidate or
threaten member states that would vote
for a resolution condemning the United
States is being taken it seems like
pressure is being put on countries in
the hopes that this will keep them from
voting for this this resolution
criticizing the move by the United
States so all eyes are on the UN General
Assembly and we will see how these
statements from u.s. leaders this talk
about taking names this letter which is
not yet confirmed we'll see how this
affects the upcoming vote at the UN
headquarters here in New York Trump as
he continues to be Donald Trump's middle
name Kellie moopan bringing us up to
date there thank you
meanwhile Turkey is accusing the US and
other countries ahead of the vote on
Thursday of condemning some statement on
Jerusalem adding Washington should
change you
