I like the message that Nikki sent
yesterday at the United Nations for all
of these nations that take our money and
then they vote against us that the
Security Council or they vote against us
potentially at the Assembly
they take hundreds of millions of
dollars and even billions of dollars and
then they vote against us well we're
watching those votes let them vote
against us we'll save a lot we don't
care but this isn't like it used to be
where they could vote against you and
then you pay them hundreds of millions
of dollars and nobody knows what they're
doing so Nikki that was the right
message that you and I agreed to be sent
yesterday and I've had a lot of good
comment on it believe me people are
tired of the United States the people
that live here are great citizens that
love this country they're tired of this
country being taken advantage of and
we're not going to be taken advantage of
any longer
