Vienna has sparked around with Italy
after offering to give Austrian
passports to people in a disputed border
region Rome says the move revives old
hostilities but Austria's Chancellor
insists it won't damage relations South
Tyrol a stunning mountainous region on
the border between Italy and Austria
with over half a million residents the
area was part of the austro-hungarian
Empire before falling under Italian
control around a century ago the region
has two official languages Italian and
German but the last 2011 census reveals
almost two-thirds of German speaking now
the right-wing Freedom Party a member of
Austria's new ruling coalition is
fanning the flames
offering Austrian passports to South
Tyroleans
the people of South Carroll will be able
to apply for Austrian citizenship from
it leaves in shock blasting the proposal
as ethnic nationalism the fanciful move
crazy idea and shameful affront
Austria's Chancellor is trying to ease
the rail but is it already too late
some in South Tyrol are ecstatic
we've always defended the request of the
double citizenship because for us it's
very important as a link with our
Austrian motherland in a protest at the
Brenner pass bordered crossing last year
locals came out students your
citizenship in Italian Jonas marchello
for says the new government in Vienna
you just fulfilling campaign promises
some government has a necessity with
which it was to deserve some of the
promises they've done during the
campaign and my impression is that the
easiest promise to deserve was to make
this very spectacular call to the
Austral speaking minority in northern
Italy there's a paradox the products is
that all citizens and Italian citizens
they are both member of the European
Union which means they're of equal
rights and the passport which is very
similar so there is no real interest of
leaving the Italian citizenship and
taking the awesome citizenship because
this will not change the status of the
student himself and these conference
that the announcement of the filling
party ministers
is a basically way to say to their
supporters we are consistent and we do
what we are promised in campaign but
it's not really very strategic and for
more on this let's cross live now to
Vienna based strategy consultant hi mo
leopards hi MA thank you very much
indeed for joining us well the new
coalition they've only been in office
two days and Austria is already on the
verge of a diplomatic rail with Italy
setting the scene as we saw there South
Tyroleans they've been under Italian
control for a century
so why the push for the move now hello
from Rihanna first and freedom party
made a promise in the campaign election
campaign that double state can be
possible they will do it it and they
solve problems and they will do what
they promised so that will come to the
Italians but it will come in 18 or 19 1
or 2 years so and Italy has one one big
problem with that but it nobody
understands why because Italy has the
double statue so they call it or und if
you leave Italy if your parents have
left Italy you can get a chip from
actually also so often to ask what it
does now we'll do what Italy does
already well that's all so let's look at
this within context then how large is
the proportion of people in the South
Tirol who want Austrian passports we
will see how many people wanted I think
there will not be that many people's
because maybe half of the
german-speaking and also the
ladino-speaking the third group ethnical
group itself aro will also be able to
become Austrians let's also look at some
of the reactions so far to say only been
a couple of days for a number of italian
officials they've already responded
angrily do you think there's a chance
here that of a
diplomatic escalation between Vienna and
Rome know why because Italy also has
this possibility for their citizenships
why should Italy make problems when
Austria does was it Italy does it
already since 1948 well do you think
then that the coalition are going to go
any further do you think this is just
this is just the start of one of their
first plans they have in the South Tirol
no I think that will be very diplomatic
will be in common with Italy and we
never can't really should never forget
we are both in the union's of the
European Union is also very important in
this case but Austria can do this and
Austria will do that and fight and
finally home I mean the Italian
journalist that we heard from their
machala forest said the new Austrian
government just carrying out their
campaign promise about the passports
what do you think yes I think that's
true because they promised in the
campaign the Freedom Party and the
freedom party has to make science has to
show that they're changing Austrian
government Austrian politics and that's
what they see for free buddy South Tyrol
is a part of Austria has always been a
part of Austria they recognize the
borders there will be no problems but
for them the South Tyroleans
the German and leathern software aliens
are Austrian that's what they will do
and we'll leave it there strategy
consultant hi my left shirts thank you
very much indeed
your swords thank you
