Monday Donald Trump outlined his vision
of the world and America's role in it in
a keynote national security speech and
like its predecessors he's not letting
go of the idea of US exceptionalism
America has been among the greatest
forces for peace and justice in the
history of the world a strategy is to
advance American influence in the world
the American people are generous America
will lead again when the American people
speak all of us should listen in a
statement the US defense secretary
backed the president's security plan
James mattis said that the new strategy
will ensure American diplomats quote
always speak from a position of strength
in his speech Trump outlined Russia and
China as rival powers challenging
America's influence in the world the two
countries are also accused of developing
advanced weaponry that could threaten US
infrastructure however Trump did say
that attempts must be made to build
partnerships with them Beijing disbanded
Washington's approach is outdated we
urged the u.s. to stop deliberately
distort in China and spurn outdated
ideas such as a Cold War mentality and
coalition game otherwise it will hurt
others and destroy itself
let's go science professor Joseph Cheng
thinks it's in America's interests to
have competition the Chinese leadership
responds in saying that it would like to
have a new type of major power
relationship with the United States
meaning no major confrontations no major
challenges and so on the United States
needs enemies or to put it more nicely
strategic competitors they are needed
for the United States to remain on the
alert and
and to be able to muster enough
resources to maintain the lead I think
China and Russia understand this and
this is also well recognized by many
Americans
