a UK parliamentary committee has
convened to discuss fake news and its
impact on October's Catalan independence
referendum and like in similar hearings
in Washington the buzzwords again were
alleged Russian interference create
discord discredit Spanish democracy
European Union about to life fall to
pieces form and division these outlets
are Tian's put new Russian affiliated
actors meddling in Catalonia and Russian
trolls and Russian forms no specific
evidence spreading propaganda Russian
interference the goal was to polarize
for more details on this we can now
cross live to artis Anastacio chiquinha
in London
well hi there nice just so what were the
most interesting bits of this meeting
well Kate a new day is a new opportunity
to discuss Russia isn't it this
particular parliamentary hearing focused
on an inquiry on fake news was carrying
on for over two hours and had panel
discussions with experts sharing their
opinions and of course Russia social
medias use and role as well as this
channel were discussed in abundance yet
again
however not without a hiccup from one
member of the committee admitting that
he doesn't even use Twitter apparently
not even deeming it worthy to names of
Arty's editor-in-chief basically
invented as well as realizations that
some committee members don't really know
where Julian Assange is on Twitter
because life's too short Margherita
semyonova used to say we just would like
to offer the alternative point of view
and the Assange can actually cause he's
holed up in the Venezuelan embassy
well this research was also widely
focused on Russia's alleged meddling
specifically in the Catalan referendum
if you remember there was plenty of talk
here in the UK about attempts to try to
drag Russia into its alleged involvement
in the brexit referendum which led to
nothing so this time around the context
was Catalonia however a lot of attention
was paid to it but as soon as the tough
questions popped up about evidence that
was a bit of a problem in this regard
that still is your evidence that the
Russian government is seeking to
interfere with the outcome of the
referendum in Catalonia I get the
picture basically what you're saying is
effectively that the evidence that you
collect around the referendum doesn't
show a great deal of impact outcomes or
involvement like I said we have we have
no no specific evidence that is that he
said we don't know well this was the
first public evidence hearing of this
particular inquiry so surely there will
be more to come and we look forward to
those Arty's an Assessor check-in out in
London thank you
