of artificial technology making a jobs
redundants in the future is a serious
concern a lot of industries especially
those already dependent on robotics
however one manufacturer here in Russia
has found a simple solution to make sure
its workers always remain on the job
from it's very inception robotics were
designed to help people as well as cut
overheads and improve safety for Heavy
Industries the this group based in
Russia's innovation hub skolkovo
develops solutions for mining and
metallurgy Giants work at a coal mine or
a steel plant can be very hazardous to
the health of employees now dangerous
environments and the polluted air are
just a couple of causes but their
effects on humans will soon be
completely eliminated thanks to this
solution the intelligent mind now
Russian programmers have taken people
completely out of the equation and
remotely controlled machines are all
that will remain our products include
dispatch control systems for mining
equipment and transport used at opencast
mines industrial railway transport
control systems and industrial safety
management systems also back in 2014 the
development of remote control equipment
began Russia's the steel and mining
powerhouse yeras and legendary truck
maker cameras have teamed up to gauge
the vista group's cutting-edge
technologies at a metallurgy plant in
Russia's Ural region a perfect setup for
a test drive we did not have to put the
railway system or any other transport on
halt and we didn't have to suspend work
at the plant the reason is at a steel
plant it's impossible to put GPS tags on
everything so the vehicle needs to be
able to navigate itself automatically
railway crossings stop signs
intersections pedestrians the
programmers have taken all possible
obstacles into consideration and it's
all in hope that one day the factor of
human risk in this environment is
brought
to the minimum this will of course
require new communication channels which
is also a service provided by the Vista
group we expect this project have a very
noticeable effect there will certainly
be a demand for inquiry automation and
robotics undoubtedly this automation
will be a catalyst for progress but it
could also make certain jobs a thing of
the past but the VIS group has responded
to that assuring that their
modernization effort will not lead to
massive job cuts and their clients
employees will be retrained ready for
new reality
from Ankara party news leader Gil
