the saudi-led Coalition says it has shot
down a ballistic missile targeting the
Royal Palace in the Capitol reared this
video apparently shows the moment of the
attack given annuities have claimed
responsibility while there are no
reports of casualties or injuries and no
official statement on the incident has
been released meanwhile airstrikes by
the saudi-led coalition have killed a
hundred and fifteen civilians and
injured 83 in Yemen in the last 11 days
the UN says it is deeply concerned about
the rise in civilian casualties in the
country
have them mark the war has destroyed
everything around even in the
neighboring villages we can rely only on
Allah and kind people they save us bring
water in tankers but one or two tankers
is not enough even for ten families
I got my avocados we're living happily
in Harrods when the Southie airstrikes
began there and we had to flee but no
one helped us here either you see I have
neither mattresses no milk for the
children
meanwhile Britain a top arms supplier to
Saudi Arabia says Riyadh does no excuse
for cutting access to humanitarian aid
in Yemen the statement came from the
UK's International Development Secretary
penny mordant it is very clear that if
you are using starvation as a weapon you
are in breach of international
humanitarian law I very much understand
the strategic importance of our
relationship with Saudi Arabia but we do
not help that relationship by not
speaking about the facts of the matter
if there were to be a breach of
international humanitarian law that
would put that relationship into
difficulty Britain also plans to send 50
million pounds in aid to Yemen putting
the total UK help for this and next year
at 205 million but that pales in
comparison with the volume of UK arms
sales to Saudi Arabia since the start of
the conflict Britain's sold more than 4
billion pounds worth of weapons to riad
well shall be Alaka from the stop the
War Coalition thinks the only way the UK
can really help Yemen is to stop selling
weapons to Saudi Arabia 1 Saudi Arabia
started its war on Yemen in the first
few months of their war Britain's arms
sales to Saudi Arabia went up by a
thousand percent during the course of
this war despite the evidence from human
rights organizations that those weapons
have been used in war crimes it has been
admitted that British forces are part of
the the joint operations command in in
Saudi Arabia they have been part of
training forces part of picking targets
so they're very much accountable these
war crimes are this this blockade has
been discovered yesterday it's been
going on for a long time and you know
we've seen how the British government
have reacted to that I think if Britain
really wanted to help the people of
Yemen then they should stop supporting
Saudi Arabia stop selling them weapons
stop giving them diplomatic cover
