the US ambassador to the United Nations
has vetoed a draft resolution to reject
Donald Trump's decision to recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's capital though
expected it was the first time in six
years America's used its veto power at
the UN Security Council but the u.s.
stood alone without the support of even
its strongest allies those in favor of
the draft resolution please raise their
hand
those against 14 votes in favor one vote
against the status of Jerusalem as the
future capital of two states should be
determined through a negotiated
settlement between the Israelis and the
Palestinians any decision and actions
which purport to have altered the
character and status of Jerusalem have
no legal effect any unilateral actions
increase the risk of escalating the
conflict we support the just cause of
restoring the legitimate national rights
of the Palestinian people we hope that
the current escalation can be contained
and will not get out of control UN
Security Council was called to a meeting
by Egypt now Egypt put forward a
resolution that essentially intended to
give legitimacy to all the outrage that
has taken place around the world since
Donald Trump and the United States
recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital
now what made the meeting unique was not
only did we hear normal critics of the
United States condemning the decision
but we also heard you know Western
European allies of the u.s. NATO States
condemning this action by the United
States and boldly disagreeing with the
USA for what took place at nikki Haley
the US ambassador took to the floor and
she defended the actions by the United
States and when she spoke she said that
the United Nations should be ashamed of
this proposal that was put forward she
was ashamed of the vote which had taken
place she accused the United Nations of
not being supportive of Israel of being
anti-israel and she was harshly critical
of the international community for the
proposed resolution the accusation that
the United States is setting back the
prospects of peace in the Middle East
that is a scandalous charge what we
witnessed here today in the Security
Council is an insult it won't be
forgotten the fact that this veto is
being done in defense of American
sovereignty and in defense of America's
role in the Middle East peace process is
not a source of embarrassment for us it
should be an embarrassment to the
remainder of the Security Council now in
response to the United States we have
seen a state
from the Palestinian Authority the
Palestinian Authority has accused the
United States of essentially mocking the
international community with their
decision to move their embassy and
recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
however the u.s. did find some support
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu was quick to praise the
American veto Thank You ambassador
Halley and Hanukkah you spoke like a
Maccabee you lit a candle of truth you
dispel the darkness one defeated the
many truth defeated lies Thank You
president Trump thank you nikki Haley
well analysts we spoke to based in
Israel and Palestine unsurprisingly had
contrasting views about the u.s. veto
I've been surprised that so many
countries have decided that instead of
taking the Palestinians to the Security
Council to discuss why they decided to
react the trumps announcements by firing
rockets at Israeli kindergartens instead
they've decided to take Israel to the
Security Council what they should be
doing is encouraging the Palestinian
leadership to return to the negotiating
table where Donald Trump in his
announcement did not rule out whatsoever
there being a Palestinian capital in
East Jerusalem
he's just reflected the reality that for
3,000 years the United States was
expected to come up with this veto but
nevertheless it's very significant and
reassuring that the rest of the world is
asserting the fact that this American
decision is illegal Jerusalem has been
Israel's capital it can still happen
violence is not the way to bring it
about in the history of this process the
Americans were too biased and and less
sensitive to the International legality
which was a major structural defect in
this peace process the result of this is
that we are witnessing the end of the
role of the United States as a sponsor
to this process which is I think a very
dramatic and a very important setback
for the American Middle East policy
I've lived here and seen how there's
been peace processes over the last 30
years that have all tried the same thing
and it's failed the Palestinians and the
international community should be
celebrating the Donald
is taking a different approach that has
not failed and maybe can lead to a real
peace process that can move forward
