Donald Trump says he has no plans to
fire the special counsel Robert Muller
who's leading the probe into the
president's alleged ties to the Kremlin
that may come as a disappointment to
Trump's critics who have been bidding on
this scenario to make a case for a
possible potential impeachment RTS
maricon takes a closer look at the
efforts to remove Trump from the Oval
Office
don't help me God so help me God
congratulations mr. president the
crusade to impeach Donald Trump's
started the second he was sworn in the
idea of impeachment my prediction of a
Donald Trump impeachment the prospect of
impeachment this is time for impeachment
and what's Trump's latest move saying he
doesn't plan on firing Robert Muller the
person in charge of investigating the
alleged Trump Russia collusion so much
for the plans many were making to take
to the streets and demand Trump's
impeachment if he did indeed fire Muller
Democrats have also been trying to use
allegations of sexual misconduct to get
rid of Trump but unless he decides to
resign himself that's not an option
because harassment isn't considered an
impeachable offense even members of
their own party have dismissed it I
think we need to move on and not get
distracted by those issues let's get on
with the real issues that are facing
people of this country right now and and
I don't think that the president ought
to resign at this point now if Democrats
are detectives pursuing Trump for any
wrongdoings he's certainly not a very
cunning offender but he's leaving plenty
of clues in the first year of his
presidency Democrats and even some
Republicans have formally accused him of
an impeachable offense at least once a
month
senator Al Green alone has done it four
times I rise today mr. speaker to call
for the impeachment trial and removal
from office Donald John Trump by
betraying his trust as president our
democracy is at risk
now here are just some of the reasons
Trump has given his rivals to call for
his impeachment obstruction of justice
and after Trump fired FBI director James
Comey his unsubstantiated claims that
Hillary Clinton only won the popular
vote do
- voter fraud leading to accusations of
deceit and remember when he almost
called on the police to violate the
constitutional rights of suspects in
custody I said please don't be too nice
like when you guys put somebody in the
car and you're protecting their head you
know the way you put their hand I said
you could take the hand away okay
it's a Sharad for a number of reasons I
mean neither the Democrats nor even the
news media can keep up with Donald
Trump's actions whether they're positive
or negative you know every day is
something new and I'm not even sure that
this is a concerted strategy on Trump's
far apart as much as it is simply a
result of his rather manic personalities
and his priorities seem to change all
the time and this political structure
isn't set up for that and what really
makes it come off as a Sharad is of
course the fact that the Democratic
Party is in no position to launch
impeachment proceedings against anyone
because they don't control either house
of Congress but the story is always the
same trumps lips making some sort of
outrageous statement in public or on
Twitter and Democrats come running in
guns blazing but so far Trump's still
winning this catch me if you can game
Samir Khan RT Washington DC
