Russia and China are the main challenges
to us global hegemony that's according
to the new national security strategy
unveiled by President Trump the document
also presents the White House view on
everything from the economy to nuclear
defense this strategy recognizes that
whether we like it or not we are engaged
in a new era of competition we also face
rival powers Russia and China that seek
to challenge American influence values
and wealth secretary manners circle the
document calls Russia and China quote
revisit revisionist powers which
supposedly used technology propaganda
and coercion to shape a world
antithetical to American interests we
discussed the news with former US
congressman Ron Paul who thinks that the
new strategy sends the wrong message
from the start they start with the wrong
premise they start with the idea that we
have an empire we have a responsibility
and it isn't they they believe it's a
moral responsibility and we are the
deciders and we should influence people
because we are exceptional and they're
all start with the wrong thing so it's
just a matter of degree you know I I
want to believe that Trump heart is with
us who are thinking that we should have
more open relationships and talking he
said it before but he's had to back off
and I guess the pressure is too much
where the the deep state the people who
control the media in a speech announcing
the new strategy Trump nevertheless said
that the u.s. aims to build a
partnership with Russia and China as an
example he studied recent intelligence
cooperation between Washington and
Moscow who showed to event a series of
terror attacks in Russia and Sunday
Vladimir Putin called Trump to thank him
and the CIA the u.s. president said that
he and the entire American intelligence
community were pleased that they were
able to help to save lives the leaders
also agreed this was a positive example
of the countries working together his
Rampal again he thinks that this example
of cooperation goes against the huge
sums that Pentagon spends on defense i
complement the both presidents for doing
this yeah
it makes no sense on some of our
policies because at the same time we
have this signal that we can talk and
work with each other and help each other
at the same time we just had a budget
that was passed where there was five
billion dollars allotted to building up
defenses in Eastern Europe to stop
Russian aggression there's something
awfully weird about that at the same
time if we can be civil and talking to
each other why do we and I speak for our
country why do we have to spend so much
money pretending that we're going to be
invaded and we're threatened by Russian
aggression that makes no sense
whatsoever
