the son of former Libyan leader Moammar
Ghadafi is planning a political comeback
according to a family spokesperson Saif
al-islam Gaddafi will run for president
in the country's election next year well
the second of Gaddafi's 10 children safe
was one of the most powerful figures
during the rule of his father who was
brutally killed by western-backed
insurgents in 2011 were safe faced the
death penalty for crimes against
humanity during the uprising but was
released after six years in jail well
this comes amid a power struggle between
two rival governments the western-backed
government of national Accord in Tripoli
and the Parliament in Tobruk on Sunday
the National Army commander said the
Tripoli government's mandate had expired
he added tripolis government bodies are
no longer legitimate while the country
has been in turmoil ever since the war
in 2011
and to discuss this further mark Ullman
from the director of the crisis Research
Institute joins me now mark thank you
very much indeed for joining me well do
you think that's naive stands a chance
do you think he you know he will get the
opportunity to be elected president well
your question is will there be elections
and then will they be acknowledged as
you mentioned earlier we have the
problem that we have rival governments
the West has supported each of these at
different times the UN has sanctified
each at different times and basically
the gun decides what happens in Libya
now siphon Islam has supporters has
powerful friends including people who
were against his father in 2011 that's
why he hasn't been extradited to the
Hague to face trial there that's our the
fallen into abeyance but on the other
hand there are big rivals to the general
self-proclaimed Field Marshal a star in
the East fell out with Gaddafi's father
back in the 1980s there were various
warlords and gangs and central the
country including Islamic terrorist
groups the mayor of Misrata one of the
big centers of anti-qadhafi resistance
in 2011 was murdered in the last 24
hours
so it's a very chaotic situation where
the idea of elections which could in any
sense be a free and fair reflection of
the will of all the Libyans I think is
highly improbable I mean we know that
Libya is deeply divided there are tribal
divisions rival divisions and who's
explained all the murders opposition's
everything else that's going on is it
possible to unify the country and to
make it peaceful once again well we must
hope there's a possibility I think the
the risk is that we could see two or
three Subba Libya's created one in the
East one in the West were perhaps aside
from Islam I'll get a few will play a
role and then other parts of the country
too et is however difficult to imagine
the whole country will brought back
together without violence because there
are powerful vested interests who have
lots of weapons and outside support
because I think it's worth saying even
if in some ways for the West the British
French and Americans who intervened in
2011 the
you know Fiasco rather embarrassing one
casting doubt upon that whole agenda of
the so-called humanitarian intervention
there are of course still foreign powers
playing a role
Egypt from the United Arab Emirates
support Haftarah in the East there are
also powerful financial interests
interested people with just the oil and
gas Libya who may be looking on a
friendly way on on Gaddafi's son
because after all Gaddafi in the last
years before his fall had very good
relations with powerful Western
interests who wanted to develop his
energy resources and since the chaos of
2011 anomalous what are those people
have not been able to realize their
investment so there may be people with
influence in the West to look for a
return to power of the Gaddafi's the
problem is Gaddafi is powerful in the
West but the oil and gas is largely in
the East as well as also you as you say
you're looking at geopolitics the
nebulous also let's look at the Mandate
of the UN backed government that's know
expired as we heard I mean what next for
them and also can we expect the broader
involvement of other international
organizations for it for example the UN
well the UN has tried to broker deals
but these deals have hardly been worth
the paper they've been written on and
the deal that was broken two years ago
was supposed to have full brought about
a consensus election and government by
now and it obviously failed the other
problem is that of migration of course
Libya since the fall of Gaddafi has been
one of the major routes for mass
migration to Europe from the rest of
Africa and so there are powerful again
warlords who control what is effectively
a kind of revival of the old slave trade
that used to go through that territory
hundreds of years ago has now been
revived as a form of people smuggling
and so you have the problem that the UN
would like to resolve on the pan North
African scale the problem of people
smuggling and mass migration the
European Union wants that that there are
people of course who don't want to see a
solution and we have seen rather grisly
pictures and effectively slave trade
going on in places like Missouri after
another Libyan cities harassed
few years I'm afraid a few times indeed
Martha I'm afraid we're gonna have to
leave it there Marc almond director of
the crisis Research Institute thank you
for your thoughts thank you
