Donald Trump is set to roll out his
first national security strategy on
Monday is designed to transform his
America first division into a guide for
diplomatic corps at the military and
intelligence agencies the plan promises
a new approach to security issues
however an early preview shows it has a
lot in common with the priorities of
Trump's predecessors
Arty's Daniel Hawkins investigates
geopolitics are back and they're back
with a vengeance that according to
national security advisor general
McMaster at least is the summary of
President Trump's new national security
strategy but what could it really look
like and what could change from the
previous the big four plus one was the
catchphrase for Obama's blueprint the
challenges of the day being North Korea
Iran China and Russia plus terrorism the
rogue regime in Iran threatening the
region and causing so much violence and
chaos across the Middle East
best not make any more threats to the
United States
Rocketman is on a suicide mission for
himself not much has changed with the
first two then apart from a ramping up
of pressure and rhetoric the other two
are a little more complex a China
bashing formed a large part of trumps
election campaign and foreign policy
views we can't continue to allow China
to rape our country they take our money
they take our jobs they take our base I
don't want China dictating to me
although it seems business does come
before politics the relationship
developed by President Xi and myself I
think is outstanding I think we have
made tremendous progress in our
relationship
but sources familiar with the new
strategy say China will remain labeled a
dangerous competitor both military and
economic with a far tougher stance to be
implemented unlike the Obama
administration which sought a warmer
relationship with Beijing Russia has
similarly been a topic of contention for
Trump pre-election there was a desire on
his part to improve a strained
relationship wouldn't it be nice if we
actually get along with Russia
wouldn't it be nice I mean is there
something fast forward a matter of
months and the Russian issue became a
nightmare for the president accusations
investigations and PR problems Trump
Russia investigating the robber Muller
Special Counsel investigation for
possible obstruction of justice
my Kuya texting while I'm talking oh the
guys who gave me the election say hi
according to McMaster Russia as a
revisionist state is a threat targeting
the US with new generation warfare this
should police from critics accusing him
of Kremlin collusion but is this his
change in foreign policy direction and
with the defeat of Islamic state on the
battlefields of Syria and Iraq by
Russian and coalition forces a key
question will be what's next for counter
terror cooperation well knows you team
partners on one front are labeled
adversaries on another we discussed a
Trump's new national security plan with
strategic analyst Gregory Copley he
thinks that among the list of threats
the president had to keep Russia there
due to political pressure well the the
national security paper re-emphasized
Russia as a strategic threat well
unfortunately yes it will largely
because of the media and opposition
pressure which which has always claimed
that he did a deal with Moscow in order
to help his election campaign so he has
to appear to be shall we say
even-handedly firm against Russia and to
raise Russia as a potential adversary
once again yes there are points of
difference between the United States and
Russia but the reality is there
as I said that President Trump will need
to and does want to work with Moscow on
some global issues particularly the
Middle East but most importantly against
the People's Republic of China well a
President Putin has called Donald Trump
to thank the CIA for vital intelligence
which helped prevent a terror attack in
San Petersburg the White House has
released a statement saying it is an
example of positive cooperation based on
the information the United States
provided Russian authorities were able
to capture the terrorists just prior to
an attack that could have killed large
numbers of people
no Russian lives were lost in the
terrorist attackers were caught and are
now incarcerated the attack was
reportedly planned for Saturday at a
popular tourist site in st. Petersburg
according to the Russian president the
information provided by the CIA led to
the arrest of seven suspects a large
amount of explosives ammunition and
weapons were also found during the raid
it's reported a suicide bombing was
planned to take place in the kazan
cathedral and during the recent phone
call with donald trump Vladimir Putin
said Russian intelligence services will
always share any information on
potential attacks in the United States
