hello and welcome to cross knock where
all things are considered I'm Peter
Lavelle what was Russia Gate is now
quickly becoming FBI gate who will
investigate the investigators also does
the u.s. have a real North Korea policy
and the end of net neutrality and the
start of internet apartheid
Krauss fucking FBI gate I'm joined by my
guest alexander matthias he is a writer
on legal affairs as well as the
editor-in-chief of the duran calm we
also have Victrola bitch is a political
analyst as well as a leading expert at
the center for actual politics and of
course we have Dimitri Babak he is a
political analyst with Sputnik
International all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate it Alex you're joining
us here visiting Moscow and you have a
great legal mind as we all know I think
it's fair to say this is FBI cage
because there never really was a Russia
scandal I mean after what 18 months not
a shred of evidence but we have day
after day after day enormous amount of
collusion bias inside the the DOJ inside
the FBI I think that's absolutely right
they found absolutely nothing after 18
months of investigation of collusion
between Russians and the Trump campaign
but what we're discovering is that the
Trump campaign was being surveyed that
people were being watched that their
emails were being read and that there
was extreme bias within the FBI with the
senior investigator with the FBI now
exposed of being descending extremely
anti-trump emails with his lover who's
also an official of the FBI and
absolutely destructive indeed absolutely
and having discussions about it in the
office of the Deputy Director of the FBI
mr. mchabe who was referred to in the
email says n and the what you know I've
said this before on this program if
people on what's up on and their social
media if they want to say the President
of the United States or Canada candidate
for the United States presidency Trump
he's an idiot I thought that's fine with
me that's a personal opinion but when
you start talking about an insurance
policy that's what when I start getting
concerned because these are unelected
officials meddling in the election and
these are these people are supposed to
be apolitical at least nominally Peter
is a really high time for a new church
commission
to be instituted to investigate the
crimes committed and the words what the
church mission is all the church
commissioned was a commission that
existed in the seventies after the
Watergate Watergate crisis it was
obvious that during paula gate and long
before it the FBI and other special
services conducted operations on u.s.
territory against US citizens that were
illegal that were unlawful and there was
widespread you know feeling of distrust
toward towards FBI CA and other special
services and the church committee was
set to investigate those crimes and set
new standards for how the for over
oversight and for preventing you know to
make sure that more violations are in
today we see as you correctly pointed
out we see major violations by FBI by
the CIA of US law we also see how they
almost directly intervene into the
political process in the United States
the interview so directly that it's
almost unbelievable it's well it's
breathtaking demon I mean you know again
one can have their personal tastes and
attitudes okay and I think that's fair
game
okay everyone has an opinion here but
when they bring it into the office we
have in this case of as Bruce or his
wife a high official in the FBI his wife
is working in fusion GPS where this all
of this started from this salacious
dossier and his wife was over there and
that's not disclosed to the public he
actually didn't even explode tell his
boss at the FBI that he had meetings
with Christopher Steele I mean if that
isn't collusion then and we have to find
out of the word because this is just
outrageous you're absolutely right but
actually if we look at this whole
presidential election why is no one
investigating the cases when Obama quite
publicly said this guy Trump will not be
elected the President of the United
States I assure you he said it to g7
leaders wasn't that interference into an
election by the
president but talking about the FBI
obviously FBI when they interrogated
Flynn they had the transcript of his
conversation with the Russian ambassador
Sergei T stack so what they did was
really ugly they they caught him on
deviations obviously he did not record
his conversation he did not remember it
because he was on vacation who knows he
was probably on the beach drinking a
pina colada and he didn't take any notes
okay Defense Intelligence Agency to get
into that situation it does say
something about his qualifications but
I'm sorry you know the very fact that
the American media openly discusses the
deep state in the American president
also writes about it on his Twitter it
already calls for an investigation of
the role of US security services
basically if we look at this situation
when Michael Flynn pleaded guilty for
lying for lying to LDI well it all
reminds me of Stalinist logic you know
Andrei wyszynski Stalin's star
prosecutor during the show trials he
said that confession is the queen of
proof the queen of evidence so what we
have here is all the ultra liberal media
in the u.s. you know just view it you
know by this team pleading guilty there
it is machines is logic yes he pleaded
guilty has nothing to do with justice
because I don't want to waste all our
time on this but if you go through the
Hillary email scandal how many people
lied to the FBI and are not held to it
you know Alex the thing that's really
interesting is that so much of what
we're learning is happened before the
election and I have the impression that
all these hi FBI officials they were so
confident that Trump would win that they
became very complacent you know bringing
their bias right into the office into
Andy's office okay because they they
could not concede that that the American
people would choose differently and then
well and I'm sure they're still with us
Peter straw struck character apparently
there's a lot more messages to read
that is it the the there was an
intelligence agency or intelligence
community which interfered in the u.s.
election it was not the Russian
intelligence community
it was the intelligence community of the
United States and then when the wrong
result came they had to somehow conceal
that so they intensified their
interference we have more surveillance
of the Trump transition team we have the
entrapment because I have no hesitation
in calling it that of Michael Flynn we
have this whole investigation that's
been launched with Special Counsel
mother it's really interesting
I'm Victor I'm a Michael Morell their
former acting director of the CIA came
out and told that Susan glass are over
at Politico essentially admitting that
there was a cabal and and and how they
dealt with the election of President
Trump and and he's very transparent I
mean this is the highest-ranking CIA
official to come out and talk about this
and he I and I think he made a big
mistake he he showed his bias before the
election okay he which was remarkable
for so many people you know that piece
for the year times very open he's
generally somebody who is pretty open
about what he thinks from especially
foreign intelligence officer I reminded
that he is the one that spoke on this
show that no longer exists for known
reasons that Russians should be killed
secretly for what Russia is doing from
which they for fighting Isis
so yes it's not surprising that he is so
open about it but the thing is that they
are not quitting the the intelligence
community is going on with this they are
not about to quit and they really want
to unseat the press but the gentlemen
all three of you this is turning into a
constitutional crisis yes I think it is
a constitutional crisis and a very
profound one that the biggest the United
States is faced certainly in Morden it
is more we in
January we had a program if I remember
correctly titled a coup d'etat yeah and
essentially I think victory something he
said that I think you're upset right but
it's very disturbing
they can't reverse this and I said in my
introduction who will investigate the
investigators does Congress have the
guts to step up and perform their
constitutional role I don't think they
do
I don't think so neither because
Congress has just passed an act which
allows the United States to interfere in
two private affairs of Russian citizens
the the passed an act that requires the
US government and Trump to make reports
all the business deals on the
connections between the Russian
businessman and President Putin between
the high-placed Russian officials and
their relatives or their acquaintances
abroad you know a whole report on the
property abroad the property of them is
so laughable about that demon and you
know what if I'm laughable about that is
that what are the congressmen going to
be made to list what lobbyists they meet
every single day how much money they
take from them there's no accountability
when it comes to lobbying here there was
a foreign countries interfering in the
American election it was exactly but I
mean there is no creativity need any of
that sort of accountability nor I think
in the end will there be anything like
the church commission that you were
talking about the things that was
talking about because it's so dangerous
I mean it would be it would be able to I
don't know what's could happen here
gentlemen because public confidence is
eroding very very quickly I mean I came
across a poll out a few hours ago 54% of
Americans don't trust the special
prosecutor right now because of
perceived conflicts of interests are not
perceived their very real go ahead
victory and the paradox of this is that
the more they try to stitch this
together the less they can do it because
the more people get thrown into the skin
of these scandals the more problems
there are for the American political
establishment so it's a it is
we're whatever step the attack take next
it's going to be even worse and with the
coup d'etat you know we can actually
expect one next year through a custody
through semi constitutional means like
possibly forcing Trump to their I'm sure
there is going to be an attempt to force
him to resign without a full-blown
impeachment process a madman 2050 men
are gay gentlemen I shop in here we're
gonna go to a short break and after that
short break we'll continue our
discussion on some real news stay with
our team welcome back to crosstalk where
all things are considered on Peter
LaBelle to remind you were discussing
some real news
okay before we switch gears to net
neutrality do you want to finish up on
what I'm calling FBI gate well you asked
me if I expect an investigation of
what's going on well in the near future
no why because the United States is in
fact ruled by the outer liberal
neoliberal ideology and you expect this
ideology to investigate itself but there
were cases in history when totalitarian
regimes had you know their past misdeed
investigated like on the who show for
after ma died in China but for that to
happen you have to have real casualties
inside they'll eat so that part of the
alien would like to it seems that has
not yet hasn't happened yet but I mean I
don't know I mean people in like these
the phrase low-lying fruit but we have
really high ranking people are they
gonna sacrifice one this Bruce or maybe
somebody Peter struck I mean they're
gonna get rid of somebody here to be the
fall guy for all this because if they're
not careful the whole thing that's gonna
collapse
what is awful is that no one is immune
Jared Kushner might be a Jew and Load
best for Israel but he's also not in you
so they're taking everyone in their
crosshairs and that's a situation that
no illegal I visit looks like it's good
to be a mutually assured slaughter in
Russia when was Barry arrested when the
guys in the Politburo simply got tired
of fearing him you know they were all
under constant threat so they decided to
terminate this situation but I'm not
sure that the United States also what
happened when McCarthy he started to
accuse jails and that was enough enough
was enough and that's when the
McCarthyism you know basically ended but
but we are still far away from the
healthy phone okay let's change gears
gentlemen a net neutrality how big of a
story is this here coming out of the FCC
because I think it's been underreported
and when I look at across the US and
people say this is a Republican gambit
there's a lot of red states that don't
want to see their internet
fiddled with here I mean it's I don't
know I mean the United States and the
West they'd like to think of themselves
as democratic the only thing that's
democratic now is access to the Internet
that's in danger I think that's exactly
right I think this is a huge story
because the internet is now becoming
increasingly the vehicle people are
turning to to get their news they're not
taking it from the mainstream the old
traditional media so the way this net
neutrality could work is that we could
see the invasion into the one remaining
free space of the apparatus that is now
controlling the rest of the media the
ideology that Dimitri was talking about
so I think this is a huge story I don't
think there's any understanding of it
amongst most people I don't see no
because Russia Russia Russia Russia
Russia Russia I mean look at look at
look at the cable stations in the US I
mean with the exception of Fox they this
was very very much underreported I think
he had Rachel that Maddow saying it's
important this is it significant but
nobody on the Left wanted to go there
don't know why it is look it was only a
matter of time when the freedom in
Internet space would end really remember
the 90s I was in school back then the
internet was just starting
remember the boards and the car it
progressed to what we have now with the
World Wide Web and it was a new medium
where at first you could do some things
then you could do more now you can do a
lot now people you know what 20 years
ago there was limited news coverage
there now everybody is there even more
so to some to some degree than than in
the print media so now of course
everyone understands the elites the
American elites the Western needs
understand that either they take control
of the Internet either they limit the
access of their populations to news that
they do not like to information not like
were they you get that endless you know
download you know trying to download the
video right
so no and they also know yes some people
will use you know darknet and other you
know sources to get more interest but
they also know that most people are not
going to go that far because only a few
people take so much time and effort now
to get that information
most people oh you don't have access
that site no longer we have we have
twitter and now limiting expression we
have Facebook look I know that
personally okay Google and and now we
have this but it's you know I always
look at these things you know do people
think about the ultimate consequences
because they're destroying the Internet
in though to take control of it they're
willing to destroy it first they
destroyed their traditional media and
how they destroy Internet it's it's
quite logical it's the way all the TEL
atarid regimes evolve but actually you
know when I read the traditional media I
am a subscriber to New York Times
newsletter and well like the main use is
cases of unwanted kissing at the top I
thought they wouldn't quote Leonid
Brezhnev there I was looking for his
name you know but okay if the
traditional media is busy with this
stuff then it's only natural that people
turn to internet which is a modern
version of aluminum sometimes you know
it's natural that people believe in
rumors when they distrust all have
reasons to distrust the traditional
media so what we see is a major epic
fail of the traditional media that makes
people turn to to internet and then the
state comes down on the internet saying
that we wanted to be neutral which means
not critical oh no I don't want to do is
I want to make sure everybody watches
CNN MSNBC sees the Washington Post sees
the New York Times and it makes us
invisible and broad they want to make
sure that the Internet looks like the
American means that exactly that's
exactly it went to be a copy that's why
they're so mad that Artie and Sputnik
because they don't they are not romeo's
we only report confirmed facts so they
could not accusers have been a rumor
mill and and that's why they accuse us
of being propaganda tools and that's why
they clam down
so Harlan RT simply because they want to
say it's in the mainstream media or is
just rumors okay generally when I switch
gears here North Korea keeps popping up
into the news here is this all about the
future the future resume I would say of
the Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
because again the White House has pulled
the rug from under his feet he was
saying that the u.s. was open to
negotiations with the North Koreans
which they should that would be the
logical thing to do without
preconditions and then it's pulled back
he's humiliated again is it is this more
about Tillerson than it is about North
Korea what is beginning to wonder
because a diplomat which is what mr.
Tillison is supposed to be is there to
talk and to talk to the other side and
this is the obvious thing to do and yet
he's been criticized for saying this and
one has to wonder whether there's any
real interest in the United States and
actually certainly the North Korean
issue but what is that but what does
this send to the North Koreans what does
this send to the the region okay this is
I think this is this talk about
destabilizing well if we're talking
about North Korea what it says to them
is that this is not nobody wants to talk
to us they want to threaten us it's
deadly because we're getting all these
threatening sounds out of the United
States and the one person who is talking
about negotiation seems to be in
political trouble so increase the
accelerate your nuclear program
accelerate your ballistic missile
program because negotiate the secretary
of state matter so he can he kind of
pushed back on how threatening the North
Korean missile program is look tamps
approached North Korea is very is not
constructive at all and there whatever
way he takes from now he's going to make
the situation even worse if he keeps on
making direct threats against North
Korea against its leader and not acting
on them then the tiger he's going to
look more and more like a paper tag and
not just in the eyes of Pyongyang but in
the eyes of the entire Asian Pacific
region in the eyes of the entire
international community including
America
allies in the region Japan South Korea
others
now if Trump actually attempts military
aggression against North Korea this is
going to lead to regional geopolitical
catastrophe with mass casualties in
South Korea in Japan in North Korea
possibly in other countries possibly
even Russia basketball let's hope that
and mass chaos
let's hope none of this capture in mass
casualties among American personnel and
civilians living in South Korea remind
you that there are more than 20,000
American soldiers and officers stationed
in South Korea plus many more civilians
with US passports that live in South
Korean even in Seoul that would be
destroyed
yes destroyed on the first day on the
first day of such action so Tillerson of
course as somebody who at least espouses
classical American foreign policy
approaches of course he can't agree to
that just as he could not agree to to
moving to recognize in Jerusalem his
capital so he will go what is the
equivalent you've been predicting and
see if it's gonna come true here but I
think this will go back to ideology the
the problem with the u.s. foreign policy
approach here is it if you negotiate
it's deemed as appeasement and and this
is if they've screwed it up because this
is not what diplomacy is diplomacy is I
give it a little bit and you give a
little bit of try to resolve it we talk
and we talk but you know but and this is
the problem is that if you negotiate
it's considered weakness and appeasement
and this is not the way it should work
well this is a more general problem over
u.s. foreign policy they can't talk to
anyone anymore
it's just imposing sanctions or
threatening military action you know
George Bush jr. was accused of sending
f-16s instead of emails but I feel
nostalgic of him now because even he was
less kind of belligerent in his policy
and if we have the rapidly running out
of time here but did he add to what Dima
just said there's a do we have a
commander-in-chief that's actually the
commander-in-chief see this is what adds
to another layer well this is the
problem because I don't think we do I
mean we've got a
a commander-in-chief who is under
political scenes in Washington and who
doesn't want to appear weak because
politically it is going to be very
dangerous for him to be appear weak
because as Dima says it the United
States in its foreign policy has no
reverse gear it cannot go it's a very
good phrase so every remembers the art
of the deal the way people are driven to
suicide well be serious that's how
people are driven to suicide be serious
show us that you're serious about your
intentions but it's so extremely
dangerous and if the tragedy happens in
Korea don't say that on the Trump is to
blame I'm sure that liberal media would
say it's just crazy Trump know Obama
destroyed a world of institutions and he
introduced this style of diplomacy ok
demon we'll run out of time here many
thanks to my guests here in Moscow and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here RT this is the end of our broadcast
segment stay with us for the extended
version on our YouTube channel see you
next time and remember crosstown rules
okay welcome to our extended version of
our program when we talk about political
potpourri Victor let me go to you first
political potpourri o0n style we are
witnessing scandals day after day in
Washington in LA in New York scandals
that involve apparent harassment charges
against public officials politicians
actors and deckhand and others and we
see very interesting phenomena here
first of all you know the entire system
of justice is being worked over yeah we
see that people are being accused
accusations are being made about events
that took or didn't take place 20 years
ago 30 years ago you know even it was 15
years ago and the burden of proving
oneself innocent is being read on the
accused which is a direct violation of a
you know I need you go we have a legal
mind right here I mean you know I once
said I could switch I find and very
rarely troubling okay I'll give you one
famous example here Al Franken you know
which I completely loathe okay
as a politician you should have stayed
as a comedian because he was actually
kind of funny sometimes but I think what
they did to him was wrong because where
is where is the bar what is the rule
where is the evidence all right
what in this case what is it a
constitute to be harassment we and we
have there was another person that came
up with him at lower at MSNBC and it was
consensual this kid came out in the last
few news cycles you know but you know it
seems to me that you know we we don't
tolerate it it's awful and we all know
about it but where are the rules because
accusation now means conviction exactly
that is the major problem I mean if I
can give an even more extreme example
our former prime minister in prison mr.
Edward Heath was accused of sexual
harassment after he was dead and we had
a whole police investigation to look
into all of this and the people who were
accusing him with no evidence at all
other than their unsupported word were
referred to by the police as victims in
other words they had the police assume
that they were actually attacked now
this is this is a very dangerous
situation because if you start going
down that road in one field if you start
stop saying sexual harassment mere
accusation is proof logic to all of this
okay I'll give you my version first okay
Russian collusion dud didn't work
obstruction of justice dud didn't work
sexual harassment well the media has
gotten everyone well prepared 24/7
wall-to-wall coverage of course we all
know who the target is the President of
the United States but I think it's going
to be much worse than just being tagged
that one person I think basically it
looks more like a Taliban in Reverse
yeah kind of an a feminine lib and you
know if inside Taliban every woman is
viewed as a potential potential
seductress you know seductive scheming
the way Bible describes women sometimes
we have the same situation the reverse
against man you know men are viewed
sometimes as violent
using their powers against women and you
have to prove that you're innocent just
why can't the Taliban
women have to prove that they didn't
seduce certain man you know comes not
from the Taliban it's a long tradition
comes from the Puritans and remember the
witch trials in Reverse and really
remember Animal Farm and Jojo who said
you know when in among equals
somebody is always more equal and when
radical feminists used to say for
decades from the 60s 70s and today that
down with patriarchy what they actually
mean is not there they don't really wish
for morality in women to be equal they
want Meteor Kim one of the things one of
the steps to achieving that is to you
know have male initiative in relations
be it's worth it absolutely having this
type of scandals really interesting here
is that you know it seems to me think
these people wanted both ways at the
same time okay let's go back to the the
the epicenter the beginning of all this
is Harvey Weinstein ok Hollywood ok
entertainment media I mean look at the
junk that Hollywood puts out it's much
of it's very salacious women are
objectified grossly objectified as sex
as sex objects and they're paid a lot of
money to do it as well and now they want
to be so puritanical at the same time I
find that to be a contradiction what it
is a contradiction it's part of the
culture though in the United States that
on the one hand you have a sexual
revolution as it's called and on the
other hand you have sexual repression
and it is I think an aspect of the
growing
fever that there is in the United States
on John not just on this but on many
other subjects where people accused of
all sorts of things their boundaries of
being I want to stress here you know and
I you know we could look at like Charlie
Rose you know I'm like I'm kind of
indifferent to him I think he was a
pretty lousy interviewer but Michael
Morell we've already mentioned here he
says we have to start killing Russians
and Iranians and you know well didn't
say anything if I had been interviewing
Marella would have said so you're
suggesting more murder and you didn't do
anything my point is here my point is
here you know you snuffed out a 40-year
career in one news cycle without any due
process due process well let's quote
Michael Morocco exactly here she said
things are going to be bad until we
start killing Russians that's the exact
quote which is also awful but what I
wanted to say I agree with the victor
that actually what we have is Taliban in
reverse and the Taliban any sexual
initiative on a woman side is
criminalized yes now in the United
States and the you any sexual initiative
on the side of men is criminalized but
this is awful because the state here
that the law interferes in two private
affairs of citizens people should be
simply left alone in certain areas you
know there are certain areas where law
nation state rules it's not it's not
underestimate what severity of some of
these things that have happened which I
do believe happen here we need rules and
we need due process we need people to be
able to defend themselves to answer to
the charges that have been made against
them and to be listened to when they
answer to those charges and respect for
the dead because dad cannot protect
themselves in a court well it really
waiting for Kim Kardashian to accuse
somebody of harassment they hope with
you give me you wanted to have a couple
comments about what the the well there
were there is a big discussion going on
in Russia how we should have behaved
because obviously the wine taken by the
international valium
the committee was very anti-russian and
I think rational behaved it just it was
the total opposite of the behavior of
the Soviet Union how would the Soviet
Union react okay they are against us
they accusing our officials they
insulting them then no one goes to their
competition from Moscow and we don't
invite any people from these bad
countries now the attitude of Russia
today is complete opposite so it's not
people for the state it's the state for
people the state is doing anything it's
going Russian athletes that are not been
directly banned by name but they will be
under a white flag and Russia will find
them I wrote on Facebook I think you saw
that you know that means capitulation
exactly no national anthem nothing but I
think it's a huge problem just like we
discussed the American foreign policy in
general in general I think what we have
here is this you know idea how should
you deal with mephisto it reminds me of
Eastern Suburbs film when an actor
decides to appease Mephisto means I am
just an actor so in this way we're
saying I'm just an athlete yeah let me
perform I won't have an anthem I won't
have a flag I'm just an athlete as
professional well the problem is that if
you appears Mephisto Mephisto will get
more and more aggressive I'm kind of
curious how this is how the games are
going to be covered and how they're
going to have to explain where you know
and 80 medals go to blank and we have
athlete's blank athlete but in this
event here I mean it's good to be a very
interesting way of dude but one thing is
for sure it'll be a way they can pound
away on an hourly basis against Russian
athlete that had nothing have done
absolutely nothing wrong on their own
there it will not stop here in two years
it will be repeated and in four years
and then six years and so forth changes
its approach can I can I just
never works Peter okay why do they keep
doing these things it doesn't work did I
just say something oh the thing that
worries me about the Russian reaction is
that there was actually an investigation
into the investigation of this whole
allegation of a huge government
organised state-sponsored doping program
in Russia that investigation which was
commissioned by the International
Olympic Committee says there is no
evidence of that there is no evidence
against mr. Mutko who has the former
sports minister these people have been
cleared yet these penalties are being
imposed on Russia if Russia sends its
athletes in accordance with these
penalties I cannot help but feel that
most people around the world are going
to assume that the allegations which
have been shown to have no evidence
behind them are true so for that reason
in here there is a Putin was under
pressure
in Russia to fire mud cavatelli mud for
the former sports minister who is now a
vice premier and Putin did not budge I
mean this is still his rule he never
does anything under pressure and they
think he did it rightly because now they
can fire a vice premier tomorrow they
would want to fire a prime minister
saying that Russia did something wrong
in international trade whatever right
the day after tomorrow they will want to
fire the president so here Putin at
least stood his ground but unfortunately
with their fleets well I mean I
understand Putin's problem I understand
Russia's problem on the one hand we
understand that isolation doesn't work
we have to give news in touch with the
world on the other hand we cannot
surrender so work in this very very
rules so but this is not the end of the
current of Russian efforts in these
Olympics watch and see when they come to
South Korea there will be more there
will be more accusations and they will
try to make it as as bad for them as
possible okay gentlemen on that
here we end this segment this extended
version of cross stock see you next time
and remember while stock rolls
