our President Putin has called Donald
Trump to thank the CIA for vital
intelligence that prevented a terrorist
attack in civ Petersburg according to a
statement from the White House the two
leaders agreed that the case quote
serves as an example of the positive
things that can occur when our countries
work together
Medina Carter never has the details in a
telephone conversation Vladimir Putin
Ã«thank the u.s. President Donald Trump
for help in preventing a terrorist
attack which was planned to take place
in the city of st. Petersburg on
Saturday now he also added that the
Russian security services would always
also share information with their
colleagues in the United States if and
when they obtain any data concerning
possible planned attacks on US soil now
the Russian president said that the data
that was provided by the u.s. security
services was enough to track down and
detained members of a terrorist cell and
in total Russian security services
detained a seven suspects and it was
also revealed that the attack was
planned for Saturday with one location
believed to be the kazan cathedral which
is situated right in the center of the
city and is quite a popular tourist
landmark
now during the rate a large amount of
explosives weapons and ammunition was
seized and it was also reported that the
extremists were planning a series of
attacks including a suicide bombing
however luckily none of them happened
thanks to this most recent example of a
successful anti-terror cooperation
between Russia and the United States
