three-man crew are on their way
currently to the International Space
Station having earlier blasted off from
the Baikonur cosmodrome a few hours ago
it's the final manned mission of the
year it'll take them two days traveling
before they finally dock with that
orbiter up there he goes dad off reports
from the launch site in Kazakhstan once
it was Yuri Gagarin who blasted off from
this a very launch pad to become the
first man in space now we can already
hear these engines of the soyuz rocket
roaring and the ground underneath me
starts to tremble so let's take a quick
break and enjoy this launch on this
beautiful Sunday morning together
now having to leave a loving home
especially on holidays especially for a
holiday season and especially to space
does leave an aching feeling inside
one's chest and so we've been ready to
spend some time with the crew and find
out how they are going to be dealing
with this perhaps the best crewman to
help with any homesickness his
colleagues may suffer is veteran russian
cosmonaut anton shkaplerov he spent a
year on the ISS before it is my third
flight and third time celebrating new
year in space so I have a bit of
experience on the spaceship there are
presents from family and from Ross
cosmos there is a bag for every crew
member and we also bring one for those
already on board with the date when to
open them either on Christmas for
Western colleagues or new year for
Russians
his daughter packed one of her toys for
him as a reminder of his family back
home I gave my father a great little
poodle toy because we have one at home
not only is this shkaplerov the third
expedition he'll also be celebrating his
birthday in space for the third time
unfortunately I will celebrate my
birthday without my family close
relatives and friends but it is my third
time so I'm no stranger to that I will
receive presents and sweets from my
family on the space station we will lay
the table and drink tea and I can't tell
you what we're gonna do there is it's a
surprise but this Soyuz is not the only
spacecraft headed for a rendezvous with
the ISS all the way from Cape Canaveral
a SpaceX rocket is carrying something
very special in its cargo hold firstly
we're being told it's a new Christmas
tree for the holidays and also a copy of
the new Star Wars movie yes to be
screened in space so the force is strong
with this mission
Igor's jonov reporting from the Baikonur
cosmodrome for our tea
