previously on a great American
pilgrimage I'm I'm on your $5 bill I'm
Abe Lincoln Abe Lincoln you may turn
around ago no I think they're dum-dums
and there to wake up and I'd like to hit
him in the head with a loaf of bread you
know hey everybody
I'm Stephen Baldwin gosh I look
fantastic Hollywood guy usual suspects
my favorite movie proud American first
of all I'm just as George Washington
assurance and RV enthusiast uncle Stevie
B's and got to drive the big boy this is
my buddy max famous financial guru and
well he's a little bit different last
but not least my larger-than-life
Pomerania an aspiring star reowww
with all the drama happening in our
great country I'm hitting the road to
have some fun
me everyday Americans forward
what's America to you our ancestors
suffered the most and see how things got
so crazy I was naked completely naked he
bit my finger hopefully start to bridge
the gap this is the great American
pilgrimage
our heroes make their way through New
Mexico max is fascinated with the
landscape along the way leaving the
whole country oh god I'm getting kind of
choked up you know the landscape was so
incredible and the map ranges and you
see those images
and they you've seen them seen them for
years and the same up close and personal
it's it's so beautiful the vistas and
the mountaintops and you know those
images but until you really live it and
see it you don't really feel it and just
going back to the store back there I
heard some local folks talking Navajo I
guess and I mean this is this is their
country literally and all these debates
about immigration and immigrants well
you know who were the original
interlopers the original immigrants you
know that would be that would be you and
me I guess
with their sights now set on the Lone
Star State Stephen and Max contemplate
ways to further exploit Rio
goodnight write your ears and go up and
you'll be flying through the sky
how come Brielle doesn't have the cam
you know the real cam a little GoPro for
real
gotta have somewhere to go max okay I
have somewhere to go up to the story
that's we lost our indie the producers
of the REO spin-off yeah yeah the slow
burn the slow burn how about Morris the
cat from you know
you say his name today and what nothing
no Charlie the tuna
how about Charlie's antenna I never good
enough for Starkist but he got a
three-picture deal with Columbia
more more profitable than charlie bit my
finger is it yeah
Charlie
Charlie
Mickey Rourke
as grumpy the cat
that's gonna happen
When in Rome our heroes know they must
take a detour and pop in to Corpus
Christi's event of the year
welcome to the best of the best showcase
assembly summit gathering convention but
only the most unconventional artists and
businesses are invited you basically
every local business in town max being
max decides to go on a mission to find
out what the best of the best is all
about max is a little lost and watching
him so are we
our hero arrives fashionably late
so like any VIP he's escorted through a
secret entrance
as you can see here we are having to
take the back entrance like the Beatles
things like that even alec baldwin
doesn't doesn't have this kind of VIP
knife for a screwdriver knife or a
screwdriver quickly 9 first screwdriver
knife or a screwdriver I think that's
two wives are there to play in a Paris
without slicing the tip of my finger off
oh look at that
this is the main stage here the best of
the best festival in Corpus Christi
right now they've got obviously
beautiful
I would are those Mexican Mexican
dresses can you tell me what that is I'm
a visitor here what am I looking at you
know can you help me just answers but
what is that dress they have on Spanish
alright 34 folkl√≥rico poke poke dancing
oh that's fantastic
all right
not even let me push it it's it's
locking that mechanism too so I can't
even push it over how do you close this
thing
I can bust the door down but there's
some law enforcement behind me
howdy
as Steven makes his way through the
raucous crowd posing for pictures and
people knowing exactly who he is he
makes his way to a quick autograph
signing where his adoring fans have been
waiting to be blessed by his sharpie
here behind me Stephen is working this
eight by ten glossy line folks have
lined up to get the photographs and he's
doing a great job back there and as they
come off the line with the eight by ten
glossy of Stephen Baldwin he could just
see the their faces light up they're
just full of joy they're like wow that's
it my day is made I got myself an eight
by ten you know Stephen Baldwin glossy
from the great American pilgrimage it's
time for Stephen to rest his wrists and
he touches upon charity in light of the
hurricane that has affected the Houston
area even in the charitable work I do
today there are situations and people in
need where I know in my schedule and
this I can't go and do it myself for me
God's calling me the different things
and do different things but I can send
some money I can send $20 $100 whatever
it is so everybody needs to know that
without questions specific to Texas
please don't think Oh everything's gonna
be fine
if all you can do if just your part in
all of the blessing and helping the
people of Texas is just texting a
donation twenty out please do it it
really makes a difference
max still has no idea what's going on
and again neither do we
so inquisitive max decides to get up
close and personal with the people who
make up the best of the best I've been
serving food since for 36 years now
right and how did their recent hurricane
affect everyone's life it actually
helped us because purpose was not hit
too bad by the hurricane we've been busy
ever since - hurricane hit or it's a lot
of migrants coming from Beaumont sand
areas from Rockport 14 or so and they
come the Corpus Christi for the stakes
they stay for the love yes I'm ready
here we go now it's time for fan photos
Baldwin style
it's the pilgrimage it's the pilgrim
another pretty girl oh my life is so
difficult my job is so burdensome you
look a little smiley and
what are y'all doing here what are you
guys up to
what is this moving out candy that's it
no making our peace of portal of fun
making RVs a forum and fun CCRB
where you know we're traveling in an RV
yes we're going across country in an RV
this is an RV hey you know Craig Mad Max
you are Tim Tim okay so you're a local
guy yes sir Corpus Christi how long you
been around been here since 2010 I
believe all right how about the
hurricane that hit your heart is that
normal that is not actually bad normal
keep it weird Austin oh wow looks like a
whole nother floor
really okay what did you do to the
escalator you've broken it what is going
on after some heavy talk in some heavy
food max decides to visit with some
local nurses hello do I look like I need
to have my blood pressure tested I do
how can you tell I need my blood
pressure tested isn't something in my
eye
my eye is emerging is that a bad sign
who are these people that don't they
didn't want to know what's wrong because
they'll end up in the hospital
just from psychosomatic tendencies
because I think my gumball is sick but
I'm usually just okay so I don't want to
get too worried he probably needs more
than just his blood pressure checked
beeping HP that's our local census
matic problems I wake up right pick up a
notice that no yeah I seem normal right
that face says it all our heroes are
still entertaining fans at the best of
the best while trying not to offend
people how long have you been doing this
type of work 20 years okay so
so people can come in here and
blood pressure check would you see to
ities an essential part to spend early
warning right well that's just for
wellness HIV posture
nation a we re screenings which includes
your blood pressure attack
and your blood sugar check so what what
are the trends of Health here in Corpus
Christi are people and while are saying
healthier or sing so you know South
Texas a lot of it has a lot of diabetics
here okay and I believe it has to do
with the diet okay and a lot and it is
more prevalent and Hispanics so we do
have quite a bit in Spanish in South
Texas area so ah such a diabetic
teaching
everywhere they'll see me if I were to
you know pretend like I needed
mouth-to-mouth would you give me
mouth-to-mouth right now and yeah he
said that sure but only if I really yeah
what isn't doing that you're supposed to
think of while you're giving the rhythm
the song from stayin alive stayin alive
well
funny guys okay well thank you so much
we gotta go go
he's over there he's waiting for your
time series we Roma
this is what Texas is all about big
truck with big wheels look at these
wheels this wheels almost as big as I am
almost as big as Stephen Baldwin at the
best of the best era boutique really
it's called the our spot is this
supposed to be a play on the now we do
not condone that type of language all
right now over a day okay so I shouldn't
read too much in here just because
you're women it's like our spot is I
shouldn't put those things together
treating the fine relax renew refresh oh
I see it's all about our
thank you bro if you ever get stuck in a
ditch or you get stuck in a canyon or
maybe even the Grand Canyon you fall
into the Grand Canyon in this truck you
can drive right out there's gonna be no
problem look at the freaking wheels on
this truck
after learning what makes the best of
the best
our heroes get back on the pilgrimage to
meet up with Max's good friend Danny
who just happens to be in the area
working with our favorite cryptocurrency
- to help victims of Hurricane Harvey
get back on their feet
we really love - just look at everyone's
t-shirts
great well right back at you well now
you know we've got the - people on board
and you know you and I live and breathe
crypto have for years and now Stephens a
newbie this is a whole new world Darcy
even happy ever since we stop snorting
gold we've been using crypto that's
crazy anyway so in the crypto world it
all started with Bitcoin back in 2009
and then a lot of other coins came
around and with - it's just as secure as
Bitcoin but I was it has more features
crypto is short for cryptocurrency you
know that digital money that max keeps
raving about you guys are inside the
bubble of crypto I'm just an actor guy
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna play dumb
all the way to heaven and I just want to
continue in the idea of how where else
might this conversation need to go that
would help young people and people way
outside of crypto to to get their minds
around it more easily I would say that
the biggest difference and what crypto
brings to the party is that unlike let's
say a money system from a government
which is centralized there's a
centralized resource which is issuing
the money and keeping track of the money
in the case of crypto coins it's
decentralized so you have computers all
over the world that are maintaining this
network so it's very similar want to
make it parallel to let's say Napster
remember Napster people kept files on
various computers and you could attack
it because there was no single place to
attack it right what makes crypto
valuable is that there's no single place
to attack the network because it's
redundant it's copied over thousands and
thousands of nodes as they're called
throughout the system so in this way
it's called censorship resistant if
somebody tries to stop you from using
this currency they cannot no government
can't you know we've seen in the
internet is totally change and transform
many businesses the music industry the
film industry so now the internet and
it's distributed network architecture is
disrupting money banks have been bad
actors and they've abused their
privilege and there are place in the
economy and in society and if we can
destroy them and get rid of them and
disintermediate them you said destroy
think so because I'm a guy that's
sitting here saying I think this is I
mean this is cool this is fascinating
this is some people will not give it
just do it anyway and you know figure it
out and make a couple bucks they'll use
it as a currency that if they like it
they'll use it as a currency it's a tool
but just like anything else so it's not
gonna stop now
how do you message it so that you
maximize the potential of this momentum
that's my question because I came to you
1996 and I said you know what there's a
thing called email it's gonna destroy
physical letters it's going to wipe them
off you know people are going to use
them
or they don't in the case of - part of
the mining output of coins goes to a
pool of funds and then the community
votes on how to spend those funds so the
community voted to have us do great
American pilgrimage and for - to be a
sponsor that's unique to - that's one of
the unique attributes of - they probably
the best governance model in the entire
crypto space I can say with some
assurance and if so can I make a profit
not gonna run oh yeah absolutely these
are the questions that come to my mind
was there or there are several companies
that do that you actually don't even
have to have the miner you can just by
hashing power from him friend okay and
then so in other words you with the
coins thank you for doing that I'm the
guy that knows very very little and if
what you're asking is kind of basic and
I don't get any of what you just said
this is helpful to our viewers so it's
very cool you did that right I'm a
twenty year computer company internet
provider web designer now I just do
whiskey but doesn't mean that I don't
understand 100% can I buy a shot of
liquor with some crypto currencies here
maybe I think that's all wonderful I
just want to know when the dang old
porks gonna be ready
tell me about - and charity - has
already done a signet the community has
done a significant amount of giving yes
yes part of our proposal would - is 20%
of the proposal actually goes to help
feed the homeless each month we go out
and make meals and find homeless people
on the street and give meals out right
so when the storm hit I decided to
refocus those funds to the hurricane
relief
and I reached out to a couple other
people in the community and asked them
if they wanted to donate
Roger Vera from Bitcoin comm he donated
four thousand dollars so we took those
funds and we were gonna head down to the
coast and do all we could with those
funds and somebody actually donated ten
more bitcoins that night so within two
hours time we had already received
$50,000 from people donating money and
over the next week we received another
10,000 from people donating money that's
big brother
that's a big thing cuz that that died a
lot in the last eight to ten years so
look at the statistics of charitable
give it here's another point it's kudos
to this type of consciousness and we
went out and bought the towels and
toothbrushes all just all the things
that people would need when they're
displaced from their home and we
literally put the packages together
handed it to them in their hands so we
know where all of the money went Edwards
go
whereas you know with Red Cross whatever
you say is go so yeah you want to get
something done do it yourself
exactly and you haven't actually already
been here to violin yes sir
well let's go see what you've done let's
go they said mister
perfect all right Danny where are we
brother oh so this is the Market Basket
in Vidor Texas and here's this empty
shop here this is where one of the local
City Council people had had access to
this so all of all of the donations from
people were coming in here and being
staged right here and so we set our
tables up right here and started handing
out everything and I think they had like
300 pizzas like the local pizza shop
just came and said here and handle there
was just stacks of pizzas donation yeah
and it was so it was like one pizza her
family it was fantastic
looks like they still they still have
some of the stuff left inside here that
it's like diapers and stuff that were
were there but this whole area was just
full of stuff and there's stuff in there
this was more like a donation station
right things could be brought in people
kid yes all private needs essentials
toothbrush toothpaste ride towels etc
Tech Center it was all volunteer local
community and Amber's
it was wept it was it was man yeah there
was quite a few people to that you know
well he's trying to I think what you
would notice cuz you know I did this for
three weeks every day on the road doing
this and you had kind of a morning noon
and afternoon crowd that would come in
to these different centers because I'd
worked based in as a disciple so to
speak to say yeah those hours thanks for
showing this to us we had a friend
directly affected in all of this I'd
like to get out of here again and go see
my very good friend Alan let me prepare
what you're about to see
Texas is off to a great start as our
heroes hit the road with their new
friend Danny to meet a couple families
deeply affected by Hurricane Harvey if
they can just make it out of the parking
lot
next time on the great American
pilgrimage butter was chest heaved in
some of these areas a match made in your
home up to your waist in water in your
home it was almost a week of the waters
of City stagnation so now you've got a
lot of work yes
you see more rain than usual was
settling everywhere we had stuff
floating everywhere it was crazy
so you're mine evitable a with the boat
took the kids and left try to make every
good to say you can't so I think we have
a little bit of money we can help you
out with and get you at least try to
help you get back on your feet
