riots are continuing in the West Bank
following Washington's controversial
recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli
capital for Palestinian protesters were
killed undoes ins more injured in
clashes with police Palestinian is said
to be in a critical edition after
allegedly stabbing an Israeli defense
soldier earlier today at a checkpoint we
understand in the West Bank town of
Ramallah while here in Jerusalem there
were a small number of protesters they
spent most of the day shouting Allah
Akbar now they were generally peaceful
although there were some small but
intense scuffles between Palestinian
protesters and the Israeli security
services here including we saw footage
of what appears to be a woman being
punched in the face by a member of the
security services in addition to that
that small group of women who were
holding that protest for a number of
hours actually were at one point
preventing Jewish people from being able
to leave and go up the steps here at
Damascus Gate and as a result of that
the security services came down and
forcibly removed them pushing them up
the steps and away from this area so the
tensions still remain there bubbling not
just under the surface but over the
surface people incredibly unhappy by
that decision by Donald Trump more than
a week ago now on the latest develops of
that we've heard also that at Turkey and
Lebanon have decided that they are going
to open embassies for Palestine here in
East Jerusalem that comes off the back
of that extraordinary meeting that was
held in Istanbul just a few days ago
where it was announced by the
Organization of Islamic Cooperation that
they would recognize East Jerusalem as
being the official capital of Palestine
in direct contradiction from what the
USA did more the
week ago by recognizing Jerusalem as
being the capital of Israel therefore
the tensions still remain and it seems
now it's not just a tension here between
Israelis and Palestinians but this is a
tension that's so expanding to many
other countries in the world yes
Charlotte mentioned protests in
solidarity with Palestine are being held
across the Middle East in Jordan's
capital among crimes demonstrated
outside the US Embassy after Friday
prayers while in Lebanon hundreds of
people gathered outside the UN building
waving Palestinian Flags protests have
been raging in Gaza as well one March
was largely peaceful but saw protesters
burn US and Israeli flags elsewhere in
Gaza as local journalist hind Kaduri
reports things turned violent
quickly we are still hours buffer zone
and tensions are increasing the Israeli
army are throwing tear gas bombs as you
can see actually raids of tear gas bombs
they're also throwing live bullets we
can hear the live bullets as you can see
no tear gas bombs are filling the place
people are running
the ambulance is here taking Ben jury
since the morning there were lots of
protests and demonstrations all over
Gaza Strip there was a million marched
all over Gaza Strip the Palestinian
factions and the Palestinian leaders
called their supporters and the
Palestinian citizens to come to the
confrontations - to confront with the
Israelis against to express their anger
against Donald Trump's decision we also
got some interesting footage the Israeli
army has admitted using undercover
agents to arrest Palestinian protesters
so in this video you can see how several
people dress the civilians help IDF
officers in riot gear to detain
demonstrators
you can also see that they turned out to
be armed drawing their guns as soon as
that arrest startled
