in complete contrast to a statement
earlier this week concerning a need for
talks with North Korea over the nuclear
crisis US Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson has said Pyongyang must earn
its way into negotiations that was at a
special session of the United Nations
Security Council
Arty's Caleb Martin reports on that from
New York well the presence of the two
officials made it pretty clear that the
stakes are getting higher as we watched
the meeting in the UN Security Council
chamber
now we heard from US Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson he emphasized that the
United States did not want to go to war
with North Korea but that they will be
increasing their pressure on the country
that is intended to lead to diplomatic
talks in the meantime the president's
been very clear militarily he we are
going to be prepared should something go
wrong and our military is prepared a
representative from North Korea was able
to take the floor at the meeting now the
representative from North Korea said
that it was the United States that was
to blame for the crisis in the Korean
Peninsula and that their development of
nuclear weapons was only done to deter
attack against their country this is the
representative of North Korea speaking
in the UN Security Council chamber our
position of a nuclear weapons war zone
in the beauty worship set with defensive
images of different our sovereignty and
the right of resistance and development
from the u.s. from the US nuclear treaty
and development and if anyone is to
blame for it the years is the one who
must be held accountable now we heard
from the representative of Russia and he
addressed the Security Council and
emphasized that while Russia does not
approve of North Korea's activities its
testing of missiles its nuclear
proliferation that saber-rattling and
threats against the country don't seem
to be the solution and that as long as
the country feels like it's under attack
and like it's under threat it's not
likely to disarm and give up its nuclear
weapons not the ones below in the music
Washington and its allies responded to
two months of silence from Pyongyang by
conducting unscheduled military drills
of an unprecedented scale next to the
North Korean border in October and
December combined with new unilateral
sanctions and adding the country to the
list of terror sponsoring Nations all of
these moves make you wonder whether they
even want to find peaceful methods of
resolving the crisis US Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson in his remarks
accused Russia and China of not doing
enough to help resolve the crisis by
putting pressure on North Korea this is
despite the fact that Rex Tillerson
outright rejected the proposal from
Russia and China for a double freeze
since the beginning of the crisis Russia
and China have called for a
de-escalation of tensions by the USA and
South Korea ending their provocative
military exercises in exchange for North
Korea ending its missile testing and its
nuclear proliferation
now this proposal was outright rejected
by Rex Tillerson who said that u.s.
talks with North Korea would not proceed
with any preconditions there would be no
preconditions he essentially ruled out
the possibility of this double freeze as
proposed by China and Russia now blush
it russia's President Vladimir Putin was
speaking recently and spoke about the
fact that the USA and Russia don't seem
to be working together regarding the
crisis on the Korean Peninsula and when
addressing that he pointed out that
often US leaders seem to put Russia on
the same level as North Korea and Iran
in their international rhetoric and that
essentially the USA is coming to Russia
for help with the North Korean crisis
while not treating them with the proper
respect and putting them essentially on
the same level as North Korea tensions
are pretty clearly high as was
illustrated on the floor of the Security
Council in the proceedings that the
world just watched let's talk through
some of what we saw today with Eric sir
Watkyn eric is co-founder of lawyers for
a demilitarized and peace in Korea and
it's always a pleasure to have you on
the program Eric and earlier in the week
as we've just been hearing Rex Tillerson
the US state secretary said that the
u.s. is ready for talks without
preconditions why the apparent u-turn do
you think well first of all
negotiations with preconditions misses
the points of negotiations I'm a
mediator and a lawyer and I'm involved
in negotiations and I think president
Trump is demonstrating real ignorant
about negotiating and how that works the
reason you have to sit down is to avoid
these kind of problems not set
preconditions we've been through this
for decades here where the US
administrations have often said we first
need them to calm down we first need
them not to have tests we first need
them to not test a nuclear weapon we
need a period of quiet before we sit
down the point is the the noise the the
proliferation the weapons are the exact
reason we need to sit down and I think
secretary Tillerson got it right
we should be able to sit down and first
talk about the wallpaper or the the
environment that we're sitting in talk
about anything because that begins to
build relationship and I think we were
facing a situation with those statements
by the Secretary of State that would
lead to talks being set up and I think
this is a further example that the
United States doesn't appear to want a
diplomatic solution and doesn't appear
to want to sit down and talk what else
was said Tillerson stated that the u.s.
rejects the russian-chinese proposal for
the so named double freeze initiative
while also saying Moscow should do more
to help is not inconsistent do you think
well I I agree that the international
community needs to do more to put
pressure on the parties to sit down to
demand that the parties sit down
unconditionally I mean you have to
remember the United States as and South
Korea and Japan and just a few countries
have never even recognized the right of
North Korea to exist as has not
recognized them as a nation has no
diplomatic relations so consequently who
you talk to and
how you relate to them is always a
little unclear but the mutual freeze
notion is a it's a good notion and it
can be part of negotiations but
realistically again it's just another
example of preconditions what should be
demanded is talk and dialogue
unconditionally so that you can go
towards your common interests because in
mediation or in any kind of negotiations
you need to start with one thing that's
very important which is what are your
common interests and the common
interests here between North Korea and
the United States is both arguably want
peace both arguably want safety and
security and their borders protected and
to be respectful I think you would get
agreement that both sides want that
commonality can I put just another point
you as well thank you yeah yeah the
Russian envoi criticized the u.s. for
sabre-rattling saying a loud quote it
makes you wonder if they want to find a
peaceful solution to the crisis does he
have a point with that and do you think
that other world powers are perhaps
concerned by how Washington is handling
this situation there after 60 plus years
of no treaty to end the war in just a
temporary ceasefire in the armed assist
agreements since 1953 we are faced with
that issue why has there not been a
resolution and a permanent peace in
Korea and there's a lot of factors at
play here Korea is one of the largest
importers of conventional weapons from
the US there's a lot of money involved
in that the US military role in the
region could be brought into question if
there was peace in Korea China Japan as
a region there's a lot of factors
potentially working against the idea of
peace however as an international
community and following the UN people's
right to peace that was passed by the
United Nations we all have a right to
demand our governments sit and negotiate
and
have peaceful resolutions to disputes
and this just isn't being required no
one's holding the United States feet to
the fire to unconditionally sit down
until there's a resolution to this issue
so that we can work toward a
non-proliferation and demilitarization
of the Korean Peninsula
Eric thorough analysis as well was Eric
Slotkin co-founder of lawyers for
demilitarization on peace in Korea thank
you
