well welcome to Sophie EMCO I'm Sophie
Shepard not say the rise of the
political riot is being felt across
Europe and the Netherlands is no
exception
we're a controversial politician Herot
will ders a veteran of the game took
second place with this party
well the radical policies of his now
make it into the Dutch and European
mainstream well I asked the man himself
hair twill nurse is my guest today as
the immigration crisis fuels the rise of
the right wing in Europe the anti-muslim
sentiment is stirring in the continent
and the EU finds itself between the rock
and a hard place on the world stage will
the European Union be able to adapt to
the issues of the day
how should Brussels navigate the complex
foreign policy conundrums and will the
new political movements from the right
force it to change beyond recognition
Herot welders welcome to the show great
to have you back with us on our program
so in the dutch election in march you
were tipped to win but that didn't quite
happen was it a clear sign to you that
the dutch people don't really like the
changes you are proposing no exactly the
opposite we were actually one of the
winners we gained more than 30 percent
of our votes we had 15 seats in the
Dutch parliament before the elections
and we came out with 20 seats after the
elections and actually the winner of the
elections the party of the current prime
minister later lost a lot of seats so
indeed we became the runner-up the
second biggest party but we were one of
the biggest winners of the elections at
the end of the day you criticized elites
the establishment but I mean you've been
part of Dutch politics for 20 years
aren't you the elite and the
establishment yeah that's a good
question um you know it's not how long
you are in politics it's what you
propose to do and I think that at the
end of the day the Dutch people should
the Dutch politicians the Dutch
government should listen and to the
Dutch people and we
in Holland it's not America first or
Russia first but it's Holland last and
whether it comes to the European Union
very are the biggest net contributor
that we are paying to southern is a
southern European countries all our
taxpayers money or whether it comes to
the mass immigration the Dutch people
and the Dutch electorate get a very bad
deal from the current elite and what I
propose is that we listen more to the
people and the people want a sovereign
and a strong Netherlands that is working
together with other countries when they
see fit and have a common interest that
not be as stupid as the policy is
unfortunately still today after the
election in France and Netherlands
right-leaning parties like yours had a
strong showing French president Matt :
German Chancellor Merkel even started
talking about serious reform in the EU
will you be content with the reform
they're proposing now you know if
European politicians or people are favor
of more European Union talk about
reforms what they actually mean is not
reform but more European Union and
indeed parties like mine we want the
elections my party as I taught you
became the second biggest party in the
Netherlands where we have 13 14 parties
in Parliament in France marine lepen as
you rightfully mentioned became the
second party in France in Austria the
FBI became the second biggest party in
Austria probably going to govern as well
in Austria in Germany you saw that the
alternative a field goal and a new party
became the third biggest party of
Germany so indeed our voice the voice of
millions of Europeans is getting
stronger today and we don't want more
European reform we want more national
sovereignty we want less European Union
and my party wants to leave the European
Union we believe that we can only be
sovereign and in charge of our own front
door when it comes to immigration if we
are
outside the European Union and become a
strong sovereign nation again
so mr. Willis your party is called the
party for freedom and you talk about
freedom all the time but at the same
time I mean you're suggesting closing
mosques all over the Netherlands and
making Islam unattractive how does this
go along with freedom that you're
promoting well that's a very good
question
actually I believe that Islam and
freedom are incompatible look to all the
countries in the world where Islam is
dominant today you see a total lack of
freedom a lack of civil society a lack
of rule of law and a let lack of both
individual and collective rights so I
believe that the more and we fight the
Islamization of our free societies the
more we preserve our freedom and so I'm
fighting for freedom and I caught my
party the party for freedom because I
want our families our children our
grandchildren also in 50 years to be
free citizens and if we would become and
one day more Islamic it would go and on
the worst when it comes to freedom so
what about the freedom of practicing
your religion I mean you talk about your
children on your grandchildren you never
know one of them may marry a Muslim turn
into a Muslim you may have Muslim
great-grandchildren what about their
freedom of practicing their religion
it's a choice right well you know yes
but I believe and this is why I believe
it's not incompatible with our
constitution which as your rightful the
Internet has the freedom of religion I
believe that Islam is not so much a
religion but more an ideology an
ideology that wants to the totalitarian
ideology that wants to dominate not only
a whole person's life but also a whole
society and one of the examples I always
give and I explain people why it's more
ideology than the religion is that if
you were willing to leave Islam the
penalty
is death you are not free as in for
instance Christianity or Judaism of
Buddhism to live and this is a token of
an ideology of an even totalitarian
ideology so I believe that we should
have no freedom of we have freedom of
relation even in the Dutch Constitution
but if we see Islam not so much as a
religion but as a totalitarian ideology
that once again does not want to
assimilate in a society but wants to
dominate it goes against the freedom of
women of the press of homosexuals of
Christians of Jews and this is something
once again if you want a society that is
free you have to have less Islam all
right I'm no advocate of Islam I'm
Christian myself but I think what you
were talking about is a very narrow
following in Islam and that would be
called maybe wahhabis or extreme Muslims
but I don't believe that applies to
majority of the Muslim people that I
know and that'll live around the world
but there is your opinion okay and the
same thing could be said about a
Christian religion and I mean you should
go really dip into the Bible it goes
against gays and it goes against women's
rights and all of that could be said
about Christian religion as well it's
really about how you read religion but
anyways okay so you've been saying that
there is no such thing as moderate Islam
but at the same time I know that in
conference in Italy in September you
said that many individual Muslims are
moderates so who are this moderate
Muslims if there is no moderate Islam
who are those moderate Muslims can you
give me examples no listen and I make a
distinction as I always have done
between the ideology and the people and
indeed there is no moderate Islam there
is no European Islam or that kind of
nonsense there's only one Islam and that
is the Islam of the book the Quran of
the life of Muhammad and that is the
Islam that we know and that
unfortunately cannot and will never be
changed it's not extreme extreme extreme
Islam is a pleonasm it means exactly the
same on the other hand you have the
people and I do
believe a moderate people and indeed I
do acknowledge that there are many
Muslims around the world who are
moderate people but unfortunately and
this is one of the differences when you
compare it as you just date with
Christians or Jews today we see that
societies where Muslims are in a large
amount or maybe even the majority that
there is a total lack of freedom and
democracy what we are talking about the
more liberal kind of Arab countries like
for instance Egypt the RS autum are
tougher like Iran or the Wahhabi indeed
the Sunni Muslim country and in my own
country the Netherlands today we saw at
researches that we have in Holland
almost 1 million Muslims and a kind of
leftist liberal institution as the
University of Amsterdam made a survey
and had proved that 11 percent of the
Dutch Muslims which is more than a
hundred thousand people which is twice
the amount of the Dutch army they stated
in Holland that they are willing to use
violence in Holland for their beliefs
for a Islam and we don't see that with
any other relation and this is what we
are importing in the West today we don't
see both terroristic acts all over
Europe today almost on a monthly or
sometimes weekly basis committed by
people in the name of Christianity of
Judaism and indeed not every Muslim is a
terrorist but unfortunately most of the
terrorists in Europe today are Muslims
and we can be politically correct and
ignore it I think it's a lot wiser let's
do a composter
mr. Willis of course I mean the Islamist
terror threat to Europe is very real no
one argues with that but don't you think
that measures like closing mosque or
tough cracking down on Muslims that
would work actually the other way around
increased a risk of terror attacks
rather than reduce it no exactly the
opposite so we have to stand up and we
don't have to call any Muslim and
terrorists that would be ridiculous I
would even reject reject such a
suggestion
we should not import more Islam on the
contrary we should des la mais our
society and the Quran once again is a
book that has more anti-semitism in it
than for instance mine comes from out of
Hitler and we should see it for what it
is not all the people are bad people on
the contrary
but the ideology is a dangerous ideology
and I traveled when I was still a free
man when I was not protected by the
secret police about a diplomatic police
for 24/7 when I had no fat words from
al-qaeda and other organizations on my
head I traveled throughout the Middle
East and I went to almost every Islamic
country and I met so many friendly and
hospitable people but I saw that the
influence on Islam on every almost every
Arab and Islamic country was devastating
people were not free there was terror
evil within the Islamic world let alone
in the countries that are important
Aslam so we should do one thing define
who we are which is non-islamic we are a
country we are continent based on
Christianity on Judaism on humanism an
Islam at the end of the day should not
become more dominant here all right
we're gonna take a short break right now
when we're back we'll continue
discussing gear ups pressing issues with
hair twill ders leader of the Dutch
party for freedom stay tuned
we're back with Hecht wielders leader of
the Dutch party for freedom discussing
major trends in today's European
politics mr. wheelers like you've said
your opinions on this slum have landed
you on the al-qaida hit list I know
you're surrounded by security 24/7 you
live in a safe house I mean does all of
this isolation get to your head
politician has to be close to his nation
to his people I can imagine that being
detached from everyday reality isn't
that good for it listen last elections
my party out of 13 parties in Parliament
1 and 1/3 of our votes and we became the
second biggest party in Hollands we only
exist for 10 years it never happened in
Holland before that a relatively new
party became the second biggest party in
parliament so we are not unattached we
are maybe attached even more than any
other party look at the outcome of the
democratic elections we are attached and
indeed it's not easy and I fight for the
freedom of my people I fight for the
freedom of the West as I see it and in
the process I lost my personal freedom
and let me tell you if I would have been
addressing and criticizing Christianity
or Judaism which I'm not and to be clear
but if I would have done that I would
not have been on a hit list I would not
have lost my personal freedom people
would not have tried to murder me so
this is exactly my point I'm not the
only one in the world if you look at
other people or other organizations or
journalists or politicians who criticize
Islam they get into the same trouble and
it puts exactly my point
that moderation is far to reach for in
Islam I stir well there's the refugee
problem spiraling out of control has got
Europe questioning one of its greatest
achievements open borders do you feel
the Schengen zone has to go and free
movement of people across Europe with it
yeah that's the
that's the only way to get rid of the
Schengen zone the only way this that we
have to stop the emigration from Middle
East or Africa and if you think that
what happens with the immigration crisis
that we saw the last few years but all
these so-called
asylum seekers that came to our part of
the world that that was bad I would say
you haven't seen anything yet
you know if you look at the figures from
the United Nations you will see that
there will be a croc tripling of the
inhabitants of Africa today Africa has 1
billion inhabitants and in the end of
this century that will grow from 1
billion to 4 billion and service proof
that one third of those people would
want to immigrate the most probably to
the richer part the north of Africa to
Europe so if we don't wake up if we
don't stop Schengen if we don't become
citizen become masters again of our own
house if we don't again be in charge of
our front door and we will cease to
exist I'm not exaggerating that if you
look at the numbers that at the end of
the day we are facing today an
existential problem worse than any
economical problem we have ever faced an
existential problem whether we will
exist or not at the end of the century
if we don't start by defining our
borders and controlling and deciding
ourselves who we let into our house and
who should leave our house as any normal
citizens also the people looking at your
program today they are deciding in their
own homes in all of Russia or anywhere
else in the world who to let in their
house and who when people are guests
should leave the house we are not doing
that in most of the European countries
today we only know the policy of open
borders and at the end of the day it
will not be our house anymore one
closing the Schengen zone actually
destroyed the European Union well that
for me that would not be a bad thing
because I'm very much against the
European Union I'm a lot in favor of
Europe I believe that we should work
together
with other countries in the continent of
Europe where we have a common interests
for instance in the internal market to
fight terrorism or to have economical
ties I would really want to cooperate
but we don't need an institution like
the European Union where mostly
unelected people liked all the European
commissioners are deciding for the our
democracy
the mock receipts what to do and if you
talk about immigration today European
Union Brussels is in charge of our
immigration rules and the national
capitals the national governments not
anymore they have transferred most of
the immigration policies to Brussels so
we are not in charge of her own front
door anymore so it would be a good thing
instead of a bad thing if it would erode
not Europe but the institution called
the European Union you've said that
hysterical roots of phobia reigns in
Europe and in the Netherlands why is
that I mean does Europe have enough
problems without this being drummed up -
I know I see a terrible thing happening
in most of the European countries on the
one hand they criticized the American
administration they make fun of mr.
Trump and I'm not defending mr. Trump on
all the things he does but there was
only criticism 99% of the politicians
criticized one of the super powers in
the world the United States of America
and on the other hand the same
politicians criticize another superpower
in the world called the Russian
Federation and I think that's very
unwise that is very unwise from a
geopolitical point of view that is very
unwise from an economic point of view
because I believe we need both we need
to have a friendship with the Russian
Federation and we need to have a
transatlantic friendship as Europe as
European countries with the United
States of America and indeed today you
see that almost it's almost a trend in
Europe to criticize the Russian
Federation to make them responsible
almost everything that goes wrong and I
think that's very bad only not only we
cannot afford it but often it's also not
substantial eyes and of course I also
have criticism thoughts both Russia and
the United States but we have and it's
in our own interest and we have a lot in
common as well with Russia to become
more allies than enemies now you said
that you want to create an alternative
to this Russia phobia what is it going
to be like I mean how do you make this
alternative appealing to the political
elites well you know first also among
allies you have to be able to criticize
each others as friends when it's needed
and of course when it comes for instance
at the cooperation with the whole
process of this terrible and terroristic
attack toss my Dutch fellow countrymen
when it comes to the shutting down of
the plane mh17 or other things there is
a lot of criticism or asking for
cooperation also towards Russia but we
also have so much in common with Russia
on other aspects we have the same kind
of culture we are Christians a lot big
part of Russian is Russian Orthodox and
Christian we have the same problems
often when it comes to the future of
immigration we both have had bad
experience when it comes to terrorism
also in Russia whether it's a Moscow or
what happened in Chechnya in the past we
had in a similar way the same kind of
experience so what I believe is that we
should not only criticize but we should
cooperate and I'm very happy to have
been invited by the Russian ambassador
and the Russian parliament the Duma to
visit Russia in the beginning of next
year to meet people from your government
from the Russian government from the
Russian parliament and also perhaps to
have critical remarks against one
another but also to get a better
understanding Russia is not our enemy I
believe that Russia is an ally and we
should invest in better relations
Media has been calling you the Dutch
Donald Trump I don't know if you like
that comparison or not what do you make
of it do you feel you have many things
in common with American president I have
on some aspects I have respect for mr.
Trammell other aspects I do have respect
for what he does I still believe that if
I would have been an American which I'm
not I would have rather I would also
have voted for mr. Trump and not for
mrs. Clinton but hey I'm not an American
I'm a Dutchman and I'm responsible for
the policy of my country now today in
opposition and so I not to be compared
but what I believe and what strength is
of both mr. Trump but also mr. Putin is
that they all believe that the interest
of their own country goes first mr.
Putin goes for Russia first for the
first interest of the Russian people and
mr. Trump in his own way does it for the
United States of America and I wish I
wish in Europe in my own country the
Netherlands we had a leader we had a
prime minister who alike mr. Trump or
mr. Putin would say Holland first Europe
not the European Union but Europe first
and we don't have that I want to talk a
bit about his relation to United States
Chancellor Merkel thinks that EU has to
rely on itself from now on as the
partnership between the United States
and Europe is cracking under under
President Trump do you see a reliable
partner in the current US administration
no you know I don't think that's that
bad and I even believe that European
politicians use it they misuse it they
misuse and they call for a so-called
worse relationship with the United
States of America they complain about a
bad relation with Russian Federation
only to be able to say to their people
that we have to get more European Union
but lo please don't be fooled by the
politicians as
Mercola mr. McCall the president of
France who says we need to be get a
stronger Europe today we get even
European army I don't want a European
army we don't need a European army it's
all the politicians who make people
afraid that we have bad relations with
Russia bad relations with the United
States only to enforce more
supranational ISM in Brussels and the
European Union that is the real reason
and there is something I don't subscribe
to mr. worthless you during the Obama
years followed American policies closely
but now that there's difference of
opinions was Trump do you think the US
will lose its influence over Europe well
I think that America is an important
ally to Europe and I think that the
American people are friends as the
Russian people should be but of course
there are different administration's and
I think that even though one might
criticize or plot some of the measures
the American administration makes that
at the end of the day we cannot afford
to have either bad relations with both
America and Russia and I think that it
would be very irresponsible as many
politicians do to criticize only the
American and the Russian administration
America is an important ally mr. Trump
is the president of an important country
as mr. Putin as a president often an
important country and we should have
good relations with both of them mr.
wielders thank you for being with us
today we're talking to her elders leader
of the Dutch party for freedom
discussing the pressing challenges
Europe is facing today that's it for
this edition of sofiane KO i will see
you next time
thank you so much
