hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
it would seem the more the anti-trump
pers push to have the president removed
from office the more we learn about the
media in such places as the FBI how they
really work to date the investigation
known as Russia gate has revealed
preciously little though we're learning
there was collusion elsewhere
cross talking real collusion I'm joined
by Magus
Richard Goodstein in Washington he is a
democratic political strategist in a
former adviser to Hillary Clinton's two
presidential campaigns in Miami we have
John Cardillo he is host of off-the-cuff
on rebel media and in Phoenix we cross
to Josh Bernstein he is a TV talk show
host
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in anytime
you want and I always appreciate it
Josh I'm gonna go to you first because
one might one of the crosstalk rules is
always go to the person that got up
earliest for this program and that is
you I want to talk about some of the
things that's coming out of the the FBI
in this in the special investigation
into alleged raw Trump collusion with
Russia during the election we have this
Peter stroke you know and he's written
some you know with his girlfriend some
pretty nasty things about Donald Trump
you know he's a he's an idiot he is a
nuisance he's a menace you know all
these kind of things that's fine that's
fine
you can have an opinion like that but
when you have something like this I want
to believe the path you threw out for
consideration in Andy's office
presumably that's Andrew McCabe there
there's no way he gets elected but I am
afraid we can't take the risk
it's like an insurance policy in an
unlikely event that you're gonna die
before 40 I mean that that's more than
just saying you don't like someone
calling somebody a creep or something
like that that sounds like you got a
plan and you've got power and you're
gonna make things happen behind the
scenes how do you read that Josh well I
think I read this as the elites and the
deep state and the globalist they all
expected Hillary Clinton to be the next
president United States but the American
people thought otherwise and they voted
overwhelmingly to make Donald Trump the
45th president of the United States for
for Rod Rosenstein to say with a
straight face and any testimony that he
believes that there's no collusion and
that he doesn't think that Robert
Mueller should be either investigated or
or replaced is just insane
it truly is I mean if you look at and
I'm calling it collusion GPS but if you
look at fusion
and you see all the things that have
happened from Bruce or and Nelly or
being part of that organization then you
have the fact that they were having
secret meetings Bruce or had secret
meetings with the people at fusion GPS
with Glenn Simpson and of course with
Christopher Steele the one who planted
the fake Russian dossier it is
absolutely incredible why the Justice
Department is not putting a special
prosecutor on Robert Mueller to
investigate uranium one and fusion GPS
is beyond all recognition I can't even
imagine why that is not happening the
only thing I can think of is maybe Jeff
Sessions is compromised in some respect
you know Richard way in there I mean
these are I mean it at the very least
these are uncomfortable things that have
been revealed that happen during the
election and the transition here I mean
the fact that you have a high-ranking
member of the FBI his wife is working
for fusion GPS I mean that is just
extraordinary I mean and we have and it
took quite a bit of effort for Congress
to get this kind of this information I
mean they had to really put in there
still obstructing requests from Congress
here I mean don't we need a little bit
more transparency at the FBI about all
this go ahead Richard Peter do you
assume your viewers know about Alice in
Wonderland we're up was down and in was
out and black was white no Josh just
referred to this overwhelming victory
this is a victory by somebody who got
46% his opponent got three million more
votes 54% of the people rejected him he
had the lowest 25 Richard know can you
address Peter can you dress the FBI
question please please I am I am
the FBI is what won this election for
Donald Trump
why because Comey was pressured by FBI
agents in New York right and he put out
he had his press conference back in July
last year criticizing Hillary that was
totally against the rules he put out
that letter eleven days before the
election would totally undermine her at
a time when the FBI knew
darn well the Donald Trump was in was
basically working with the Russians
where the Russians were trying to help
him and did nothing
base disclose based on the dossier just
a song a dossier that the Democrats paid
for and presumably the FBI as well I
mean okay
all right let me pull in John here let's
Richard you're always a jewel on the
program but let me go - let me go to
John here ok but ok if we can if I
connect the dots here if we're if we're
using you know when I just gave that
quote right there I mean that looks to
me like trying to get FISA warrants on
your political enemies and this is the
FBI okay you you know if you want to go
after your political opponents when
you're in political party that's fair
game everybody does it this is the FBI
okay I want to know more about these
types of things because we need to know
if the FBI is corrupt and it needs to in
and people needed to be weeded out there
because I'm read these things here I
find it really quite shocking this is
the pollutant of the Justice Department
here that is a banana republic go ahead
John oh absolutely look and just I want
to make one comment to Richard III I
love they amuse me I was kind of
laughing Richard and Democrats seem to
forget that we don't elect a president
here on the popular vote Donald Trump
took 74 more electoral votes than
Hillary it was a blowout it was a
landslide and so baby to say that that
he was overwhelmingly elected
hey heads up I don't want to talk about
the election anymore I'm sick and tired
of that election I want to talk about
what's going on now okay go ahead John
in Miami let's talk about the FBI though
here so let me say this I began my
career in law enforcement I began my
career in law enforcement with the NYPD
I worked on very high-profile cases what
you are seeing is unprecedented improper
and in my opinion illegal strokes texts
now like you said earlier Peter there
were a lot of nothing burgers in those
texts but it only requires one damning
piece of evidence and that text where he
talks about insurance policies where
essentially is talking about undermining
a presidential campaign
because he and a few other people and
let's be clear 99.999% of FBI agent
Street agents do their job bravely with
integrity with fidelity the the acronym
you know the FBI's motto fidelity
bravery integrity we're talking about a
few bad actors at the top we're talking
about the arch villain Andrew McCabe
we're talking about the moron puppet
James Comey who was fired and by the way
the president has every right to fire
the FBI director should a president the
chief law enforcement officer he can
fire the FBI director because it's
Tuesday and raining and he's in a bad
mood
she doesn't need a reason and Peter
stroke who was McCabe's little henchman
so they were definitely plotting to
undermine a presidential election it
wasn't the political it ization of the
FBI
it was the weaponization of the
Department of Justice of the FBI of the
intelligence community on behalf of
arch-criminal one of the dirtiest people
ever in politics Hillary Clinton people
need to go to jail there should be a
special counsel and the authors of
Inspector General has 450 gun and badge
carrying agents who need to start making
arrests okay Josh let's go back to this
fusion GPS thing and ORS wife Nellie
here I mean that that begs investigation
here I'm sorry because we've all read
that dossier it is just completely
hogwash it's ridiculous okay and they're
basing their investigation of Trump and
his campaign based on this and somebody
in the FBI to high-level his wife is
working there cutting a paycheck come on
Josh yeah you're absolutely right and
not only that the fake dossier was used
in order to get the FISA yeah warrant
- then spy on Trump and his associate so
in other words that was illegal as well
because they were using something that
was debunked and was not an even
accurate document going back to what
Richard said first of all Richard there
was three three million illegal votes in
the election and Hillary only one what
fifty two how do you know the entire
counties and Trump won about three
thousand okay yeah well at least 3
million but here's the thing let me ask
this - Richard why aren't we doing an
investigation into James commis
admittance and leaking when
gave testimony during the Senate
Judiciary Committee why aren't we now
also looking into tarmac gate in which
you know Loretta Lynch is talking to
Bill Clinton and then the next thing you
know we've got Hillary Clinton
exonerated because it's carelessness and
not gross negligence which would have
been a crime why aren't we investigating
Susan Rice's unmasking why aren't we
investigating Barack Obama's spying and
using Loretta Lynch as a as a hit person
if you will to go in and do all those
things that have been done where are
those investigations how can we sit here
with a straight face and say that
there's Russian collusion when we have
all of these other things including
uranium one and everything else that is
going on so Jeff are you a wife you've
asked Richard about 10 things let him
get started on some of them go ahead
Richard yes please James Comey Josh
testified that he spoke with Donald
Trump nine different times okay and
Trump did not once asked what did the
Russians do and you know why
it was the same reason that OJ Simpson
never said to the police what happened
to Nicole because Trump knew and he
knows so this is again this is Alison
Wonderland stuff let me give you an
example of collusion let's assume
somebody robbed the department stair
department store Goom or Tiffany's and
they've said to you we have all these
sol and goods would you like them
I'd love that let's meet so what do you
call it you think that person who says
I'd love to look at those stolen goods
you think they have clean hands or dirty
hands that's what Congress is looking at
that's what mom is looking at the
Democratic you the Democrats Raheem's
has paid for the fusion GPS okay I mean
what are you talking about they're the
ones that pay for things they we have a
member of the FBI high-level meeting
with Christopher Steele I have no idea
what you're talking about seriously I
mean do we know your status know what
Donald Trump jr. said to the Russians
yes let's meet I love that you don't
know what I'm talking about Peter
everybody the US who follows the news
does they know it
he wasn't in the FBI computer 'ln I have
to jump in here I love this to be here
but we have to go to a short break after
that short break we'll continue our
discussion on still more Washington
scandals welcome back to crosstalk where
all things are considered odd Peter
LaBelle reminded we're discussing still
another Washington scandal
okay let's go back to Phoenix I know you
got a lot to say go ahead well look III
think Richard is the one that's actually
an Alice in Wonderland because he's
ignoring the facts that there are all
these other conflicts of interest as
well as all these other crimes that have
taken place here and yet we're sitting
here concentrating on something that's
already been debunked and the fact that
there was no Russian collusion we now
know that James Comey has even admitted
in testimony that the president United
States was not under surveillance and he
was under surveillance he was not under
investigation and if I was the president
United States I would do I would do
basically one thing I would instruct my
Department of Justice to immediately
start five counter investigations I
would look into Robert Mueller and his
ties to uranium one and in the Russians
I would look into James commis leaking
of information that he testified in the
Senate Judiciary Committee I would also
open up an investigation into fusion GPS
I would also open up an investigation
into tarmac gate Loretta Lynch and Susan
Rice if we opened up all of these
simultaneous investigations it would
completely drown out this Mueller which
on and that's exactly what it is it is a
witch-hunt they hate this president so
much that even if they can't find
anything on him they go way back on
these trumped-up charges against Paul
Manafort
and now you have you know Michael Flynn
and everything else so basically they're
trying to do anything they can and the
Trump attorneys I don't think they're
very smart because they should be
instructing the president to end this
and all he has to do is use all these
other investigations to do it it would
drown out the Mueller investigation we'd
be back to talking about the good things
like the economy the stock market and
everything else that's happening in this
country okay John do you want to jump in
there in Miami go right ahead yeah let
me let me just let me jump in first of
all it's let's Richard let's stop the
false narrative but Donald Trump jr. did
anything improper or illegal its
opposition research in fact he did far
less than your idol Hillary Clinton did
for Bernie Sanders another Democrat
Donald Trump jr. took a legal
opposition research meeting with a
Russian lawyer who by the way had a
immigration parole extension granted by
the Obama administration so don't blame
him for taking an oppo meeting that
happens every day in politics you know
it I know it Josh knows a Peter knows it
that being said we're missing one
important point about Nellie or Nellie
or didn't just work for fusion GPS
fusion GPS described Nellie or Bruce ORS
wife Bruce or was the number four man in
the Department of Justice the number
four man he had two roles unprecedented
he had a criminal role in a
counterintelligence role at DOJ his
office was three or four doors down from
the Attorney General three or four doors
down from rod Rosenstein his wife Nellie
or was considered the expert on all
matters Russia at fusion GPS if you
don't think she had a hand in if not
directed the compiling of this fake news
garbage dossier you got another thing
coming this is a scandal that makes
Watergate pale in comparison this might
be the greatest political scandal in
American history the number four man at
DOJ the number two man at FBI Andrew
McCabe Andrew McCain's hand-picked
disciple Peter stroke could inspiring
against a political campaign then taking
that junk dossier to a FISA Court
resting on their FBI credentials to
convince a judge to issue a secret
warrant a Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Court warrant to surveil
another political campaign for nothing
other than political reasons now with
regards to Paul Madoff or if he
committed financial crimes in 2006 he
should pay but nothing was found with
regards to Russia collusion with
Papadopoulos he was he would plead
guilty on a process crime nothing with
Trump Russia collusion Michael Flynn a
prosecutor all right let me lying to
investigators there's a lot of debate
it's actually today were three against
one and I want Ritchie to get in their
way in Richard please first as regards
this dossier okay I know everybody spun
up about it Michael Flynn has pled
guilty to lying to the FBI not because
of a dossier Papadopoulos has pled
guilty to lying to the
I not because of a dossier so what Paul
Manafort cited by grand jury not because
of adavi a a dossier and the dossier my
point is what will bring Trump and the
people around him down our facts okay
our facts the dossier might as well not
even exist the purposes of what it is
given here this whole time what is what
the fact that you're referring to please
yeah the fact is the I'll give you four
facts Russians said we want to help you
the Trump people said we want help the
Russians did help wiki Lehman cetera
when we talk - honey - hundred times
timeline is important widget repeaters
CNN repeater Peter KBC news The Time
Machine is important when did they ask
when you ask me a question well the
answer is the intelligence community
which you may not buy and drachten John
may not accept the legitimacy of the US
intelligence community but most people
in America do and they say that the
Russians very much wanted to help Donald
Trump win and Hillary Clinton lose and
by leaking presented to back that claim
up not one shred of webbing so to speak
so I just have to believe them right no
I don't you know trust but verify a
great Republican said that once okay go
ahead single process we have talkers
here John you go first
in Miami go ahead okay thank you
thank you the intelligence community
never said that what the intelligence
community said was that Russia meddled
in our elections we knew that that's old
news they never once said that Russia
weaponized on behalf of Donald Trump we
know that Hillary Clinton was far more
kind to Russia and Russia paid far more
money the Clinton Foundation than
they've ever given Donald Trump so that
is the bumps completely debunked to say
that dossier is irrelevant is ridiculous
think of a legal concept for
- the poisonous tree when I when I was
active law enforcement if I prevent
presented junk to a judge and I lied I
stood in front of that judge and said
I've vetted this it's valid when I knew
it wasn't when I knew it was garbage and
that judge gave me a warrant a defense
attorney would get the entire case
thrown out because the fruits of
poisonous tree
I provided junk to get the warrant I got
the warrant under unconstitutional false
pretenses which is exactly what happened
with the dossier so the dossier is not
irrelevant the dossier is the crux of
the issue now and there is nothing
improper
nothing illegal smoking nothing remotely
wrong with opposition research whether
it comes from a Russian a Saudi Arabian
event as well in a Canadian a Texan or
someone from Rhode Island as long as
you're not exchanging money and not
disclosing it there's nothing remotely
okay with it we've got to debunk all of
these ridiculous false narratives okay
Josh and Phoenix go ahead well I was
going to say that all of the prosecutors
so far all of them have ties to either
Hillary Clinton the Clinton Foundation
and or Barack Obama's administration
okay you've got Jenni Rhee you've got
Andrew Weissman you've got Goldstein
you've got Peter stores like these are
you've got what's-her-name Berman
Jackson you've got the other one that
also was the prosecutor against manna
fort so this is a complete this is not
an impartial investigation this is not
an independent investigation if it was
then you would have prosecutors that
were from I don't know the George W Bush
administration or you'd have people that
were from the George H Walker Bush or
even if the Reagan administration if
people are still around from there this
would have a mix it is not is that
Clinton off with a nominee go ahead
Richard go ahead go ahead I'm saying
Moeller robert muller who's the head of
this was a ronald reagan appointee to a
top law enforcement position he was at
George HW Bush appointee to a top law
enforcement position he was at George W
Bush to a top law enforcement position
Muller so this notion about who's on the
staff you know who gave
Miller to a political party is a horse
just appointed to the Supreme Court I
meant about democrat or republican guys
I'm more worried about the deep state
that's what I worry about okay you know
John one of the things I really worry
about here is if you look because the
way things are going men afford and
Flynn seem to have been unfairly treated
because they said something that wasn't
true I think a whole string of people in
the Obama administration didn't weren't
a forthright with the FBI
you know Flynn's got to be the saddest
feeling guy right now in the whole world
they was doing what everybody else was
doing here but what I what I find
worrisome and I hope Richard can respond
to it because we're rapidly running out
of time he said there is a very strong
sense of bias here on the people that
are doing the Russian investigation nine
out of the 15 players on Muller's team
that it's factually known they were
contributors to the Clinton people to
demo to the Democrats so but you know
people that are going forward and maybe
even grinning metaphor will say this is
it you see these people are intensely
politicized they're very biased here I
mean they will be able to challenge any
kind of prosecution and even sentencing
and go back to court and say you know I
was in the poison well the atmosphere
was very poisonous we need to know more
about this cabal in the FBI in the DOJ
what's going on I mean did they sit
around and strategize because it
certainly sounds like it go ahead John
Peter I think the public in it it's not
about Republican and Democrat this is
about establishment and deep state and
Stroke used the words insurance policy
well their dossier was the insurance
policy to ensure Hillary's win that
failed Muller is their insurance policy
he was the contingency plan in the event
Trump won I don't care who he was
appointed by the guy spent his entire
life as a deep state operative working
in government or a now gentlemen I have
to jump in here the status I have to
jump in here Richard's been the odd man
out thirty seconds he got the last
thirty Seconds Richard
all these these comments in these texts
that were attributed to struck we're
things that the American public believed
that Trump was dishonest right that he
was reckless that he was incompetent
this was not something that was unique
to Peter strong regards oh and that's
regards all these terms
that's what Jeb Bush was saying that's
what Ted Cruz was saying all these
horrible things that were being said
about Donald Trump by struck all these
Republican opponents were saying the
same thing that's what the American
public the American people's process
somehow other to say that is and stirs
that car okay I wasn't on that he was a
very powerful man and he got caught
gentlemen we have run out of time many
thanks to my guest and watch it in Miami
and in Phoenix and thanks to our viewers
for watching us here at RT see you next
time and remember crosstalk oops
