two police officers in the US state of
Cincinnati are accused of using
excessive force after tasering suspects
during a domestic dispute inquiry body
cam footage of the incident that
happened early this year has only just
surfaced the officers confronted two men
inside a house tasering them without
prior indication they were under arrest
one of the men suffered from a collapsed
lung as a result of the confrontation a
complaint was then filed but the
county's prosecutor has prevented the
officers from being interviewed or since
the 80,000 over thousand people have
died in the u.s. after being stunned
with Tasers by police a nine out of 10
were also unarmed concerns of police
abuse have prompted Amnesty
International to issue an appeal for
stricter taser rules in the US and one
teenager who's suing police for
excessive force described his ordeal to
us I've recovered like physically but
mentally I'm just know it's hard to
think about still even though it's been
a year
I just repeatedly did it over and over
and over and two days into it they just
kept telling me that there was not going
to be a bond the way they were laughing
and pretty much having fun with it I was
afraid that they were gonna try and kill
me
we spoke to Jorden Norris's lawyer who
says the police actions could amount to
torture I first met with Jordan actually
in this office and he told me what had
happened and it was hard to believe
frankly the question that the law asks
is whether or not the use of force had a
legitimate law enforcement purpose in
other words was it necessary to keep
this person in custody in a safe
environment to use the force in question
in this situation where he's already
fully restrained he's being taste anyway
I didn't see any legitimate law
enforcement reason for that force to be
used and if they're using you know
painful force against this young man
without any reason I can't really think
of a better word than torture to
describe that
