our top story US regulators have voted
to end so-called net neutrality which
now occurred significantly alter the web
experience for millions of people
it will allow internet providers to
charge extra to prioritize their traffic
effectively creating a slow lane for
smaller websites well here's a brick Don
of how it all works we access the web
through Internet Service Providers ISPs
at the moment companies have to treat
all online traffic equally but the US
Federal Communications Commission says
that's preventing websites from
investing trillions of dollars in their
services and now with net neutrality
regulations gone ISPs will be free to
charge a premium to prioritize certain
apps and services breaking down what
happened earlier murican well the FCC's
latest decision will repeal Obama's
regulations that were passed in 2015 and
as expected the vote was three to two
along party lines with Republicans
voting in favor of the deregulation
order and Democrats voting against it
but one Democratic commissioner who
voted against the order and made her
feelings known and had some very fierce
four marks for the committee to say the
very least I dissent from this rash
decision to roll back net neutrality
rules I dissent from the corrupt process
that has brought us to this point as a
result of today's misguided action our
broadband providers will get
extraordinary new powers they will have
the power to block websites the power to
throttle services and the power to
censor online content now our broadband
providers will tell you they will never
do these things they say just trust us
but know this they have the technical
ability and business incentive to
discriminate and manipulate your
internet traffic now many are outraged
understandably so but with all the
backlash this could eventually end up
going to port an activists might even
pressure Congress to overturn the vote
but this is a partisan issue so would it
really have any effect nonetheless these
online democracy defenders shouldn't
really lose hope as they aren't exactly
without allies
39 senators sent a letter to the FCC
expressing their discontent
representative Keith Ellison he even
spoke at today's protest and they have
the resistance on their side
representative Maxine Waters gave quite
a stirring speech earlier this morning
but I asked a few protesters about the
issue so let's check out what they had
to say really that's the big problem
here it's these giant ISPs seem to think
that they have they should have all the
advantages and all the decisions to make
about what should be content on the
Internet and it should be a public
utility and especially in the 21st
century when you have a lot of
communication skills that need to be
improved and taught in schools the
Internet is essential for finding a job
having a portfolio doing anything you
can to get information important part of
democracy to have equal communication
equal access to communication not just
let the privileged and the super-rich
have every advantage in a so-called
democracy this is going to shut out a
lot of small businesses a lot of small
websites and prevent small voices from
being heard and prevent me from hearing
these small voices now with all that
being said scrapping net neutrality
could very well affect how we surf the
web but is it really the death of the
Internet like some are saying well that
of course remains to be seen
