hey I'm Max Keiser former go-go dancer
now internationally-acclaimed bitcoin
expert Stacy max there is other stuff
happening in the world besides
cryptocurrency in the wild wild wild
ride of Bitcoin and all the other alt
coins and ICS and tokens and everything
you can think of so I'm gonna look a
little bit at some of these stories
because tomorrow the UN is presenting a
report about extreme poverty in the US
this is a pretty big story it would be
it would have been bigger ahead all this
other stuff in the world not been
happening so why the UN is investigating
extreme poverty in America the world's
richest nation the United Nations
monitor on extreme poverty and human
rights has embarked on a coast-to-coast
tour of the u.s. to hold the world's
richest nation and its president to
account for the hardships endured by
America's most vulnerable citizens this
is the UN Special Rapporteur on extreme
poverty and Human Rights Philip Allison
even do a cross-country tour he went to
California for to look at all the
homeless Neri there you see extreme
homelessness and California West
Virginia Puerto Rico and the deep south
and he he was looking and investigating
whether or not this is a human rights
issue whether or not these people are
being denied their human rights and he's
supposed to be presenting report in DC
right that hepatitis outbreak in
California but it√≠s a in San Diego we
have hookworm in the deep south yes
these are these could be public health
epidemics that spread to other people
who are you know not marginalized this
is the problem with you know we're in
medieval times remember during medieval
times and in Europe we had the Black
Plague everybody died but now we have a
similar sort of situation of people
living in open sewers the problem is as
we've been saying the economy is not
representational of all the various
interests that make up the society in
which we live the workers are not
represented
the folks with opposing views to power
are disenfranchised and we have emerging
neo feudalism and you can't have neo
feudalism without permanent underclass
poverty-stricken hepatitis stricken
hookworm stricken you use the same word
twice stricken yeah you need two
different if you're gonna be a boy I
like that alliteration kind of going on
you know keeping it real doing the
emphasize and things learning from my
antecedents in the black poetry space
from Martin Luther King and Malcolm X
and Gil scott-heron rotten it's not okay
to say the same word because that's the
way it is when you live it uptown
throwing down like it is because we're
poor you know when I lived up town there
was a friend famous saying that we
uptown there are no laws so people have
to be honest you know I'm saying that it
is in society so I'm getting back to my
point yes okay there is no as Margaret
Thatcher said there is no society you
know she was right when you give all the
power to print your money and then
allocate your money to a group of
kleptocrats who run central banks they
will hoard the money and they won't
create neo feudalism which is what we
have today so that the UN I can go to
the UN right now and I can summarize
this entire report in one minute
stop neo feudalism how do you do that
well in past in history there's been the
solution of the insurrection that's been
the solution so this situation this the
UN Special Rapporteur traveling across
America are looking at extreme poverty
America the richest nation on earth they
tell us over and over we're the richest
nation on earth
so the u.s. poses an especially
challenging subject for the UN Special
Rapporteur because unlike all other
industrialized nations it fails to
recognize fundamental social and
economic rights such as the right to
health care a roof over your head or
food to keep hunger at bay the federal
government has consistently refused
to sign up to the International Covenant
on economic social and cultural rights
arguing that these are matters best left
to the individual states so as you said
we have extreme poverty we have it in
the south we've covered that recently
with the hookworm we have it in San
Diego where we have hepatitis A
outbreaks you see these mass homeless
problems across the entire west coast of
America Seattle Washington Washington
State Portland we have San Francisco San
Jose all over the west coast you see
mass homelessness big tent cities and
stuff like that so you know the other
thing that you often see in the media
here is that they berate other nations
for not taking care of their people for
we invade countries to spread Human
Rights and yet this UN Special
Rapporteur is suggesting that the
assessment tomorrow is going to be that
there are no human rights for poor
people in America oh well you know
people need I think understand that
America doesn't invade countries to
spread democracy they invade countries
using the money that they print so it
doesn't cost anybody any real cash the
war mongers the Pentagon the richest ZIP
codes in America are around Washington
DC in the Central Bank they're not using
their own money they don't send their
own kids there sit there they're they're
sadists they're they're they're they're
sadists and they if they were given an
opportunity they would throw kids into
the mouth of a volcano on television if
they thought if they can make a buck
Hollywood its Sodom and Gomorrah and
look what God has done to Hollywood they
burned it to the ground
set right rightfully so you know
Washington DC in New York we're all over
the mainstream media comes from they
will all be in agreement all being an
agreement that Venezuela that they have
no human rights that these people are
horrible and the you know look at this
poor Venezuelans without looking at
their own backyard
as the UN Special Rapporteur will likely
say so I want to turn to an
Venezuelans story which is really quite
fascinating it got overlooked in all the
again the chaos of the Jerusalem story
the Bitcoin story the future story
Donald Trump tweeting stories desperate
Venezuelans turned to video games to
survive crisis wracked Venezuela has
become fertile ground for what's known
as gold farming people spend hours a day
playing dated online games such as tibia
and runescape to acquire virtual gold
game points or special characters that
can sell to their players for real money
or crypto currencies such as Bitcoin the
practice which was previously cropped up
in other basket-case economies such as
North Korea has become so popular with
Venezuela that they are now spreading
inflation outside the virtual worlds so
they're making so much money in these
virtual games but the reason why the
Venezuelans are going to these old games
which I've never even heard of I'm not a
gamer but tibia and runescape is that
their internet connections are slow so
when looking at places like Alabama
where they also have slow internet
connections or South Dakota and North
Dakota or a tent city and slow internet
connections here the you can go to
online get in these games virtual games
because they don't use as much graphics
as these new war World of Warcraft and
all that sort of new games but hamstrung
by shaky internet connections and
outdated hardware then as well as gold
farmers have gravitated to old-school
games that have low system requirements
and established communities of players
William natera 23 took the questing
full-time in his favorite childhood
title tibia seven months ago before that
he had been struggling to make ends meet
as a bricklayer in a government housing
program it was the work of a donkey and
it barely paid for breakfast he recalled
as he had to a halt sack to cement up
slum stairwells now he spends his days
leading a brand of Heroes through a
medieval world smiting poorly rendered
monsters a medieval world yeah neo
feudalism again in virtual reality but
this is the casino gulag that I've
warned about we talked about this years
ago before Bitcoin became really big we
were talking about farmville and
remember that a farm bill and these
games are
from the 1990s during the first dot-com
boom when I created the Hollywood Stock
Exchange and I'm quite familiar with the
gold farming that's done through gaming
my friend Brock Pierce as a matter of
fact sure was huge in this space he's
still huge right he's farming out in
this space in this all industry now he's
huge in the crypto space and you know
Brock and I have this common past going
back to the dot-com Brook how's it going
buddy all right so anyway this is the
casino goo legs in other words to get
the telephony from a big monopolist or
oligopolist like Verizon or a comcast
you know they'll charge a $40 a month to
have access to go in there and play
these old games to pay your phone bill
and then hopefully you'll make another
ten bucks to buy a ham sandwich you know
to stay alive another day to pay your
phone bill another day so this is the
big like Comcast is is is a ghetto
provoking monstrosity that has the arm
of NBC to put out fake news to cover
their tracks as a casino gulag purveyor
certainly this guy this 23 year old guy
finds it like that he earns more money
sitting there and playing these games
than carrying huge sacks of cement on
his back through up stairwells so
perhaps it's better to be in this casino
gulag then to be out in the real world
carry economy was collapsed in Venezuela
by the interest of foreign oil explorer
foreign oil so we're gonna talk about
the continued talk about this game
because Venezuela is one story this is
another story you mentioned that these
games are from the 90s released in 1997
tibia still has more than 500 thousand
players according to its website
runescape dating back to 1999 boasts
some 1.6 million active monthly players
according to super data research I also
saw that there were about 2 million
people still living and second live so
it really made me think of those
Japanese that the mythical Japanese
soldiers who they find in these remote
you know Pacific Islands that still
think world war 2 is going on like these
are there are people how long are these
people gonna live in a 1997 they live
for eternity because the phone company
will start taking samples of your blood
they already have these phones now where
you can check the blood sucrose level in
your blood for diabetics and so now with
that on your phone and connect it to the
phone company they'll take a copy of
your DNA they'll upload it to their
database and it doesn't matter if the
corpus of your being your physical body
is still beating a heart and taking
oxygen into your lungs they'll still
have your avatar playing the casino
Gulag to pay your phone bill for
eternity that's the problem in this new
reality is there will be no resting in
peace there is no death anymore people
will pay to make sure that their death
is final that their death is complete
that all their DNA is scrubbed that's
going to be a service for the multi
billionaire class he'll pay top dollar
to have them eviscerated from this
planet so they're not reincarnated by
Verizon or Comcast to being the casino
gulag for eternity there's still gold
farming by the way I got on this phone a
message from GrubHub asking if I wanted
to order the same sandwich I had ordered
previously from a restaurant nearby the
last time I was in this area it was
really scary I was frightened so maybe a
GrubHub is coming after my DNA
oh the DNA data is the holy grail for
the devil and Comcast is Satan and
Verizon oh we got to go to the second
half darn it we're just getting on a
roll don't go away much for coming your
way
welcome back to the Kaizen report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Steve
Marshall of Cuba ventures Steve welcome
thank you so Cuba the Cubist stories is
a great story mm-hmm and it's an
interesting story it's a sexy story
everyone equates Cuba with maximum
maximum sex appeal why is that well
you've got the the Caribbean aspect
obviously the weather but you've also
got the fact that it's been taboo for so
long and so the Americans are now
switching their attention to it if you
look at our website website stats since
Obama went to Cuba our visits winner by
thirty six point eight percent from IP
addresses in the United States and that
represents over 15 million Americans
looking for information about Cuba up
from 4% in 2013 so there's a lot of
interest here of course that's white
sexy you know have you ever seen that
movie Heat yes
Miami Vice actually yes there's a scene
where they take the cigarette boat from
Miami over to Havana mm-hmm and it's a
Michael Mann film
it's brilliant you know they're out
there in the water and you're just like
living the dream out there and everyone
wants to go to Cuba but you know it's
been ostracized politically going all
the way back to the 1950s people know
the story and it's how do you open it up
now in this new era and there's a you
know the political football that is the
current administration the Trump
administration Florida you get the Cuban
population of in Florida how do you get
through the political thicket I think
that well you have with with Cuba is is
it's gonna be attractive especially on a
commercial standpoint there are lots of
American companies who are very desirous
of getting into Cuba one way or another
they see this blossoming market if they
have an 86 billion dollar GDP and it's
probably one of the closest places if
not the closest place to the United
States of America where the u.s. sells
practically nothing and and that unto
itself is very unusual and that's why
you're getting a lot of the bigger
companies looking at Cuba now I mean
look at the farming belt that there is
so much interest you have the the Jerry
Moran bill that's going through Congress
right now
trying to persuade the Congress to lift
the embargo for the sale of foodstuffs
from the United States with all the
surpluses that you guys have in the
farming belt I mean this could be the
solution financially for you for those
areas of the US so eighty six billion
dollar economy yeah and the tourist
business you know it's opened up
recently you've got to words we've got
flights right the initial reaction
however tourists they arrive in Cuba but
you know the infrastructure for tourists
has not been completely developed yet
right not not adequately maybe that's
too strong a word but so what has been
the response so far the tourism side
talk to us a little bit about that I
think first of all we should put that
into perspective okay because it's
important to make things clear
max Cuba has been a popular destination
for the last two decades with Europeans
and Canadians Canadians making up just
under half of all visitors two million
visitors a year from a country with 35
million population so it's a lot of
people so the infrastructure on a
tourism standpoint is excellent you do
have all of the caveats of the classic
cars the colonial architecture and all
of those things now on an American
standpoint this is slightly different
because the the American traveler it
tends to be looking for luxury and an
Cuba unfortunately is not the most
luxurious destination especially where
hotels are concerned they have a small
portion of hotels that are five-star and
we know we have a division within our
public company within Cuba ventures
which handles travel from around the
world and also from the US we also on
equity in an agency based in Florida so
we have our finger on the pulse with the
American visitors and what happens is is
that they they're going there for
cultural reasons they're not going there
for the beach which is which is
typically why Europeans and Canadians go
there and that may be why you have that
that that concept I guess of the country
itself and is tourism attractiveness
you're launching a coin or a token
unique for trade with Cuba yes so it's a
crypto coin CCU coin this
see you coin yes so tell us about the
CCU coin Steve Marshall
well the CCU coin is basically a
cryptocurrency which is associated and
will be linked to revolu P ravallo P is
a remittance application which is
available on Apple and Google Play from
February next year and the CCU coin
essentially deals with the issue of the
cross border transfers that are required
with with remittance payments and the
the cryptocurrency itself will be as you
mentioned will be associated with a
token and that token will be the
transferable amount which which crosses
borders if you like and then it's
changed back into local currency in Cuba
which is what problem does the staff
well the problem that it solves first of
all is a price issue right most of the
remittance companies these days are
bordering 20% using the blockchain
system that we have with revolu pay and
also using a cryptocurrency for the
transfer across borders we can get that
figure down between six six and eight
percent now that may not sound like a
lot I mean 12 percent is quite a lot of
money but there's a massive difference
where kubera is concerned for the very
simple reason that Cuba receives 3.4
billion dollars annually in remittances
from around the world so that unto
itself represents an extra 340 million
dollars that will end up landing in Cuba
and landing in the hands by the way and
this is the administration's focus here
in the US is is that the Cuban people
being powered did that's what the
government is looking for that's exactly
what Obama was looking for you will
recall that when he first made that
first trip down to Cuba he took with him
the guys from stripe and and the
intention was to empower the Cuban
entrepreneurs and allow those those
people to flourish and to create their
own economy distant from the government
and and sadly this was in 2015 and sadly
nothing has happened
Rivaldo pay will resolve that problem
okay imagine stripe it's a fin tech
entrepreneur there in that space they
revolutionized that space also another
company would be square right you know
they have that little plug-in adapter to
it down you can swipe a car
yeah square off Foursquare cache now
right which is rolling out you can buy a
Bitcoin on your app quite easily why not
use Bitcoin why do I create your own
coin well because we want to associate
the coin specifically with the
remittance market that's what we would
like to do and therefore the coins will
be born and will die once the the
remittances over with while they're
still within the wallet they continue
they continue to be to be valid if you
like so it's a specific use case exactly
for womens exactly and also for payments
as I mentioned to to the Cuban
entrepreneurs and and private businesses
there's an existing coin
no no it's not no this is an internal
coin all of our own and we will be using
it in association with the remittance
and the local payment system but if you
don't mind if we just revert back to the
to the Cuban entrepreneurs the Cuban
entrepreneurs there was a desire by the
administration for the US government to
assist these entrepreneurs to create
their own economy and to continue to
grow and flourish and and it was an
honorable intent because yes stripe did
go down with with Obama but guess what
nothing happened so we have these
entrepreneurs that are still bound by
their government they still do not have
a mechanism to be able to charge credit
cards they cannot charge a distance they
cannot use PayPal and and so they're
being stifled and so our company has a
massive focus on these these private
businesses in Cuba who are trying to
grow who can grow who have attractive
offers some of the bed-and-breakfast in
Cuba in these colonial homes are just
outstanding they are unbelievable if you
read anything on Airbnb about the
properties in Cuba they are unique
around the world you know these are
properties that are fantastic now these
people need to be empowered and the way
of empowering them is giving them a way
to charge their consumers across borders
around the world if they have couples
from France or couples from New York or
couples from anywhere who would like to
to to rent one of their
bed-and-breakfast then they need to have
the ability to charge those people at a
distance what's the government's current
position toward crypto well the
government's current
we don't know because we have not asked
that we don't need to ask we we do know
that there is an interest to receive and
we have spoken with certain individuals
about this there is an interest focused
upon what it is that we are doing based
upon the fact that as I mentioned there
will be 340 million dollars more per
year going to Cuba if nobody does
anything different okay thank you so the
Cuban GDP is roughly 86 billion yeah and
three point four of that is the
remittance okay so break that down
percentage of that is what is
agriculture agriculture I don't have any
idea what's the opponent of GDP well the
biggest components are three point four
remittances three point six to four
point two which is travel and the
remainder is just general industry
within the country so basically what's
the military of Cuba in the GDP wise I
mean it's still a factor it is it is
okay they're still essentially
quote-unquote running the country while
they're running they're running certain
elements of the country and certain
businesses in the country as we have
seen we have the Office of Foreign
Assets Control that has clearly provided
the American people with a list of all
of the hotels and all of the businesses
that are owned and controlled by the
Cuban military now you're looking at
from the the the amount of businesses
that there are in Cuba if you were to
break it down you'd be looking at
something like 22 to 25 percent of all
businesses in the sectors that have been
targeted
so it isn't sometimes what people think
because sometimes people think hey you
know they run a hundred percent of the
show and and that that is not the case
actually you can see that precisely with
the data that's being provided by the
office you know we got a position in the
government toward crypto you're saying
we haven't asked them I'm you know let's
go down there and ask them let's get a
delegation together of crypto
entrepreneurs right and going over to
I'd like to join now let's people yeah
together we'll put the pitch together
that would be me
that maybe they need to have their eyes
open you know that maybe they need a bit
of crypto education well let's gets make
let's make crypto Switzerland Cuba you
know everyone's looking for a country
there's gonna be regulations friendly to
crypto why not Cuba and they've got the
entrepreneurs the education systems
outstanding they've got everything it
takes they've got the mojitos we've got
some gorgeous babes they've got
everything got the Sun
if I could just interject and give you
give you a point there and that is that
oddly enough if you've if you've read
any news the other day about Maduro from
Venezuela and what he has just done
he has just aligned his oil sector and
worldwide sales with his own
cryptocurrency right so again these two
countries are allies so it's difficult
for me to believe that that there isn't
a synergy there and maybe Cuba could
could have the same type of sentiment
saying of turning guns into plowshares
let's turn guns into blockchains right I
agree yeah I mean that the basis of
ravallo pay is is the blockchain of
course and and and the cryptocurrency is
a natural association with that with
that technical infrastructure right I
mean the relationship with the US has
always been an interesting one and you
know dragging their feet
you know because crypto is energizing
those countries of which the US has been
the colonial master of exactly whether
it's Venezuela whether it's Cuba whether
it's all these these other countries
that the US has been under the colonial
boot yeah they've been under that the
u.s. is colonial boot they know they're
the ones who are benefiting from crypto
the wealth transfer is enormous if you
would like to see I mean this is a
really curious scenario and that is that
you have to actually go to these
developing countries you have to go to
places like Africa to see an absolute
complete use of blockchain exactly yeah
thank you all right that's gonna do for
this at this on the cars report with me
math Keyser and Stacy herbart I want to
thank my special guest today Steve
Marshall of Cuba ventures if you
underrate just on Twitter it's Kaiser
report until next time bye y'all
