when he recognized Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel Donald Trump said he
was promoting peace but so far there has
been a spike in violence across the
region in the latest development Israel
has intercepted two rockets fired from
Gaza
one of the forces leading the protest
movement is the militant and political
group called Hamas considered by some
nations as terrorists in an exclusive
interview with RT the organization
reiterated its call for a third intifada
or uprising against what Palestinians
call the Israeli occupation of their
territory
in the name of Allah firstly Hamas is
called on the Palestinian people to face
the Israeli occupation and adopt the
blessed Intifada against that and the
hateful and racist recognition of
Jerusalem and to America reverses its
decision the Palestinian people are
involved in a continuous battle and
Intifada against the Israeli occupation
and we are calling for it to be
escalated in the West Bank occupied
Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip against the
occupation until America drops its
recognition of Jerusalem without doubt
the American President Trump didn't know
what would come of his racist and
hateful decision and didn't expect this
anger to sweep across the Arab Islamic
and Palestinian street Palestinian
people are still under Israeli siege
they want to continue the Intifada
against the Israeli occupation and the
American administration has a partner
who has to take responsibility for this
escalation and the consequences caused
by this American decision on Jerusalem
the First Intifada back in the 1980s
lasted for five years in the second
lasted for both resulted in intense
conflict and the deaths of thousands of
people both soldiers and civilians
VanDyke a--from the jerusalem center for
public affairs gave us his views on the
situation he basically wants to compete
against hamas in his own areas who at
hamas has become much more popular mr.
Abbas I just sat with three Palestinian
notables just a few hours ago in
Jerusalem and they said the hatred for
mr. Abbas is so great on the Palestinian
street because of the corruption and the
mishandling of the Palestinian Authority
the people in the Palestinian areas in
the West Bank and even in Gaza the
public wants to be connected to Israel
the public wants to work with Israel mr.
Abbas politically it is in a terrible
position so his best option is to go the
extremist route but this political
suicide is not going to help his people
