hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
trust in the mainstream media is at an
all-time low but no one should be
surprised and the media has itself to
blame this sad state of affairs is a
self-inflicted wound and actually a
conscious business model the media no
longer has an interest in reporting news
media today propagates ideology
crosstalk in the state of the media I'm
joined by my guest Eric Alterman in New
York he is a SUNY distinguished
professor of English and journalism at
Brooklyn College as well as the liberal
media columnist for the nation also in
New York we have Lionel
he's a legal analyst in a news decoder
at Lionel Mediacom and employment we
cross to Patrick Henningsen he is a
journalist writer and founder of the
news website 21st century wire.com all
right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate it
let me go to Lionel first in New York
I'm not going to list all of the
mistakes the mainstream media's made
over the last few months because that
would take up the entire program and
then some suffice to say Lionel I think
it's quite evident that the New York
Times The Washington Post CNN MSMS NBC
and other news organizations they're
making mistakes because they have a
blind hatred for Donald Trump their
blind hatred is throwing journalistic
practices and principles out the window
and this is damaging the information
sphere in the United States and I would
say the political process as well go
ahead Lionel I would venture to say it's
an admixture of Trump derangement
syndrome in full bloom it's negligence
it's malfeasance and also isn't it
amazing isn't it amazing and shocking
perhaps that none of these mistakes ever
in your to the benefit of Trump or
anybody else or they never deal with
Hillary Clinton or those of the
so-called left and progressive left or
whatever it's always a unidirectional
mistake there's never and by the by the
biggest problem right now that is facing
this country is not this that this this
propagation and this proliferation I
should say of sexual advances it's the
fact that today's mainstream media
today's Ted Baxter sock puppet echo
chamber rants and audios ossified media
is dead it's through it's in the death
throes and it faces an existential
threat that's their problem and you
think they'd be shaping up that's a very
good point to mention I mean they should
be they should get their act together
but you know we had we still don't know
why three different outlets confirm the
same bogus Russia story last week they
just say they had a retraction or an
update but they don't they didn't
explain to the public how they came to
that disastrous conclusion across the
board I mean no wonder people don't
trust the media anymore they're not
transparent
go ahead Eric I'd find everything I've
heard said on this program so far to be
ridiculous
I think the mainstream media are first
of all the word media is a plural noun
so to talk about the media you have to
make distinctions between which media
you're discussing I think the media you
mean which is CNN the New York Times
Washington Post etc I think they're an
impossible position because they are
faced with the president who lies on
average six times a day
that's a statistic compiled by the
Washington Post he probably lies much
more than that
but those are the lies they've caught
using a very narrow definition of lies
so the mainstream media the mainstream
media doesn't lie is that what you're
saying first of all we're talking well I
I'm pretty capable of saying exactly
what I want so you don't have to put
words in my mouth well I'm trying to
understand your words that suppose lies
Fox News lot Fox News lies but no the
mainstream media by and large certainly
the New York Times Washington Post and
other reputable outlets never lie on
purpose they make mistakes but it's very
hard to cover a president who is
purposely undermining American democracy
who again lies on average six times a
day and doesn't care that he's caught
lying let me ask you a question
just take one for instance Donald Trump
repeatedly tweeted that Barack Obama
wiretapped him on purpose now the
Justice Department found that that was
not true but there see there seems to be
overwhelming evidence that he was
surveillance van okay I don't want to
have any filibuster it's one words I
believe in freedom of speech freedom of
speech from Patrick in Plymouth go ahead
Patrick react to what you've heard so
far yeah
first of all I'm gonna I'm gonna
disagree with what Eric said about
defining the terms I'm gonna say media
as a singular entity because when it
comes to all things Russian grammatical
things the media well it might be
grammatically incorrect but it does
represent the reality of the situation
which is that media is completely
together in lockstep reading off the
same hymn sheet on all things Russian
and if you want to talk about the
mainstream media this these are all fake
news stories from mainstream media this
is just my file for that for the
Washington Post the New York Times CNN
granted CNN's half of this but this is
perhaps my favorite pokeyman go was
hijacked by Vladimir Putin to mislead
Americans this is a CNN exclusive this
is just one example of many and to say
that the your what you're doing Eric is
is creating a false equivalency trying
to compare Donald Trump's Twitter
tirades to the fourth what's supposed to
be the Fourth Estate who has a
collective budget operating budget of
over ten million ten billion sorry
billion dollars in the United States all
of these mainstream media outlets
basically putting out fake news the CNN
WikiLeaks story is quite interesting
because the same so-called sources were
used apparently by CBS News as well as
CNN and others and you read the email
and you could see the date it was
September 14th so I had the question is
you know where these did these sources
actually read the so-called evidence or
should it have been done in Braille or
the CNN's journalist so-called
journalists are they illiterate how does
this type of mistake come to come to be
and how is it repeated and passed on to
other laundered laundered through CNN
and then on CBS later
easy and then use this Twitter handle
mainly to fake news out and then
retracts it let me go to Lionel here
I mean it's that's okay the story that
was just mentioned by Patrick there
I mean it's is it they they want to
believe in what they say this is they
see this and they jump on board is it
laziness or is it you know what level of
intentionality because it
said there's so many of them I mean
Patrick just held up a whole stack of I
mean it seems endless
I could can't imagine this would have
happened during the Obama administration
go ahead Lionel
well well at first yet to start off with
the idea as evidence exhibit a by well
after all you have the most lying
president
so therefore anything that happens is
somehow outweighed and canceled by the
fact that well Trump is a liar let's
take this week now all you have was a
CNN story about Donald Trump jr. and the
WikiLeaks memo or an email and all it
did was reading a date correctly so it's
all involved was just reading a date
correctly and not say oh four fourteen
you saw there was it was a transposition
of numbers that's all it was now you
tell me how Donald Trump's mendacity and
and thank you for clarifying that medium
is a singular noun and not a plural but
tell me how to wax Verret it could you
explain to me how that has anything to
do with CNN or somebody else just say
you know what we made a mistake that's
all it is Eric do you want to reply to
that go ahead sure first of all I'm not
here to defend CNN I think CNN is pretty
crappy and they did make a mistake and
they did admit it so journalists make
mistakes all the time it's a very
imperfect practice that's why it's
called the first draft of history
the press has long said that what you
what you were doing what you were doing
what you were doing is actually trying
to create a false equivalence between
the deliberate lies of the Trump
administration and its supporters and
the mistakes that are part of being a
part I mean a journalist I'm not saying
they don't make mistakes I'm not saying
this was a mistake premise that's Donald
Trump it's not Donald Trump I'm not done
sir I'm not that can I finish
when as Donald Trump admitted that
perfect Obama was born in the United
States no waiting okay let's talk about
something out there this is very good
Altima
don't talk about what we're talking
about now bring something else up
fantastic
look I will give you an example I was
attacking your absolutely baseless claim
you said the problem is forget the fact
that this is fake media we have the most
lying the most mendacious president
there is that's what you said I was
addressing that so what do you do when
you're losing the argument let's bring
up the birther thing let's change the
subject
look I don't know with whom you do the
basis listen what I said work
what I said is listen ok what I said
you're you're misrepresenting what I
said why you're misrepresenting what I
said what I said is is Eric speak go
ahead Eric go ahead go ahead
what I said I did not change the subject
what I said is the media are not up to
the job of covering a president who lies
on average 6 times a day and doesn't
care that he's caught like will just lie
every time he's caught lying so they're
not that's very difficult to do because
you can't fact check every single
sentence the president says so they're
gonna make mistakes there's gonna be
more mistakes they're gonna be serious
mistakes
that does not take away from the fact
that this president is undermining our
democracy and our media and our media
are they holding that stands between
well it seems to me that's really low
standards of journalism that's what's
destroying democracy and the faith in
the system that the journalism has to
take responsibility for what they do 40
seconds Patrick before we go to the
break go ahead newsflash Eric and
everybody politicians lie Barrack Obama
I'm going to close Gitmo with students
I'm president and I can get on and on
and on on those lies so politicians let
me finish sir let me finish sir
okay you can't expect to make excuses
for what you call the Fourth Estate and
so it's okay for them to what you call
make mistakes they're fabricating news
stories they're fabricating sources they
are literally making up news and putting
it out on the cycle there is no evidence
of Russian collusion
eighteen months later there's nothing
fake news for 18 straight months on all
the major networks and newspapers that
is the fake news crisis it is not direct
gentlemen I'm gonna jump in here we need
to go to a short break and after that
short break we'll continue our
discussion on the state of the media
stay with our team welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter lamell to remind
you we're discussing the state of the
media
okay let me go back to Eric in New York
Eric I think you at least concede that
the the liberal mainstream media has it
out for Trump and I think that's why
they're making all of these mistakes
because they have a certain goal and
anything that they can get their hands
on or even make up they're going to
employ because they think they're
morally correct they think they're doing
the right thing I actually believe that
they think that they're doing the right
thing but what I do what bothers me is
what we said in this program is it
damages the profession of journalism in
the process and the trust people have in
the media go ahead Eric well first of
all I concede nothing you just said to
go back to the previous point I happen
to have written my doctoral dissertation
at Stanford University on presidential
lying on the history of presidential a
guy published a book called when
presidents lie and I'm writing a second
book on presidential lying right now for
basic books not all presidents lie may I
finish may I finish may I finish
Obama will be in here knew that Eric
keep going Eric keep going well the
example you brought up sir it's not a
lie Obama said he would close Gitmo he
tried to close Gitmo and Congress
wouldn't let that's not a lie we're just
waiting that's a fell pause we're still
waiting nine years later finish math
you're waiting for Obama things I want
to know anything close president Hillary
Clinton finish yeah may I finish the
answer the answer the moderators
question the quote unquote liberal media
are not liberal the mainstream media is
in the business of making money that's
why during the campaign Donald Trump was
given billions of dollars in free media
with his speeches being carried live his
phone calls being carried life where he
lied consistently lied about virtually
everything he said as again he has told
according to the Washington Post count I
believe this program is about letting me
think well no because you're going into
the weeds again this program is about
professional
we don't leave to hear the crickets on
these other topics okay
I mean birthers and you know all this is
the professionalism of journalism and
they are breaking their bond with the
public
the polls show it okay let me go to
Lionel last year CBS News said the
president said Trump is good for CBS for
exactly the same reasons that Eric
mentioned here it's not about getting
the story right it's about the kind of
propaganda that you want to propagate
and make money off of it that is a
disgrace to journalism you should stop
calling it journalism then Lionel go
ahead this is going to be one of the
greatest interviews discussions ever
because this fella does exactly I beg to
differ what everybody hates he is the
personification of that which we hate
prevarication and not admitting which is
true and obvious to anybody the issue
that Peter asked was what do you do
about not fake news not bias because we
can argue bias all day long but what
about when they just get it wrong then
they just gotta book that's the
framework mister PhD that's the
framework so what this fella does is it
sort of answering that because he can't
answer it he's smart enough to realize I
have no answer let me throw in something
about Trump being a liar and that is the
reason why the mainstream liberal media
is dying
so it's last throes and everybody knows
it and you sir are Exhibit A and I
present to the jury that is the world
see this is what it's about
look can't even answer the question all
you had to do was just concede that the
Jude the duty of journalism is just to
get it right would it have killed you
fella to say that but you can't do it
because you know we don't know
let me go to Patrick here but Patrick
one of the things that it gets clean you
know let's deal let's deal with facts
here be unlike the liberal media that
makes make things up all right I mean
you know it was 17 intelligence agencies
it's assumed as a fact that the the DNC
was hacked but the FBI never looked at
the servers that the DNC didn't allow
that what I'm getting at is that you
keep hearing on CNN MSNBC etc etc they
keep repeating the same unsubstantiated
claims as if it is a law of gravity and
you never hear anybody pushing back
there this groupthink this is exactly
what it is
it's groupthink and it's turned into a
cult with a it's a religious cult now
they have and anyone that violates it is
considered a heretic go ahead Patrick
like ice I suppose yeah first I will
agree with Eric that it's not a liberal
media exclusively per se there happens
to be a kind of a liberal hysterical
insurgency right now in the mainstream
media but CNN will read straight off of
Pentagon briefings or State Department
briefings and the New York Times will do
the same straight off the party line on
certain issues so they really are there
to protect the establishment whether
that's a liberal or a conservative
establishment or military-industrial
complex
establishment you just have to have this
hysteria going on the problem with all
journalistic standards have been thrown
out the window in the last 18 months
because when it comes to anything Russia
or Trump but especially Russia this is
much bigger than Trump by the way this
is as a geopolitical scope to it
it's it's tell don't show so the
accusations get rolled out but they
don't actually have any evidence came
out can someone find me one piece of
evidence that Russia hacked the u.s.
elections or even hacked the DNC or
colluded or meddled or anything nothing
the Facebook bots story that everybody
ran with from The Washington Post in The
New York Times that was if you really
drill down on that story that was a case
of the Obama administration colluding
with a Silicon Valley company Facebook
senator Warner from Virginia did
multiple trips over there to try to
extract some story about Russian BOTS
finally face
book capitulated and gave him a
narrative about all these Russian BOTS
purchasing Facebook ads it's a laugh and
that dominated the United States
mainstream all networks new cycles for I
don't know how long weeks okay that is a
fake story that is a fabricated
narrative it's designed for a specific
political purpose
the problem with political journalists
in bias partisan journalists and Eric I
think you unfortunately you do fall in
to that category is that you're good for
the party but you're really not good for
America because you're you're picking
one side and you're letting the people
who are singing you're singing your song
off the hook every single time that is
the problem okay let me good Eric um you
know Eric you we had David Fromm from
the Atlantic there's a same man that
brought us WMDs in Iraq coined the
phrase axis is evil okay yeah and he in
the Atlantic it was on CNN and he said
about this story that the network's got
wrong on this emails WikiLeaks to the
Trump campaign he said mistakes are
precisely the reason that people should
trust the media okay try to swallow that
it's the process of bringing truth to
light I mean this has got to be the most
Orwellian thing I think I've ever heard
in media okay because we're wrong people
should trust us what the hell is he
talking about well I'm not here as David
Franz representative but I imagine that
you're probably taking that out of
context
okay really
no yeah probably it but may I address
the point CNN which I'm not here to
defend I think they do a crappy job but
CNN apologized for its mistake
wait plane to its viewers why it made
that mistake why did not explain like no
transparency they demanded from
everybody about they demand it from
Donald Trump but they give their viewers
no transparency after whipping and doing
for 18
months okay never any trans their lawyer
I don't care what they do I do you have
a degree in it right of journalism I
think you know what we what kind of
responsibilities go along with the
profession now go ahead jump in go ahead
I don't have a degree in journalism I
apologize okay I made a mistake see see
Journal a real journalist a real
journalist do it okay I don't have to
carry water for CNN or anybody who made
one here go ahead Lionel bad Peter what
could have been done was originally what
what this fella could have done this
fella could have said look we live in a
different world right now it's a 24/7
machine it's this runaway train it's
this monster you got to feed constantly
the days of Cronkite the days of being
able to sit around in your office and
luxuriate until six o'clock and double
the triple-check that's a part of the
problem maybe there's a zealousness
maybe there's a part of biiss he could
have answered that that's that's a real
problem because it's the immediacy it's
the days of social media it's the fact
that citizens and civilians earn alerts
on alternative media and foreign media
are chomping at the bit alright and and
and chopping at the heels of these
people I understand that now but that
could have been done but instead and
this is the book and I hope Peter that
somehow everybody remembers us and just
just takes takes this fellas comment and
just says this is the problem it's
always Trump even when you could have
very easily said okay look I make a good
section look at the problems no no even
then we don't give an inch the same
thing with Russia even though right now
we've been talking about this story and
not one person in any medium or the
media collectively has ever been able to
say here is the best evidence of any
kind of collusion or changing the folks
or whatever even though that's never
been done they don't miss a beat and
they don't give in and you just keep
forward that's the problem
and what
doubt when your back is against the wall
when you have absolutely nothing let me
give let me give watching the last word
let me give Patrick to the last word I
think one of the interesting things in
this information war that's going on is
that how they the mainstream media
allows itself to be played by Trump
every single day he's calling the shots
they loathe him but he's actually
determining the new cycle and they
cannot accept that okay and I think
that's one thing that they need to get
their head around go ahead last few
seconds Patrick go ahead sure whether
it's the fake dossier put out by
BuzzFeed and echoed by CNN and all these
other sort of fake stories about Trump
and Donald Trump has a right to go to
Twitter at that point and defend himself
and I would do anyone else would
probably do the same if they're in his
position whether he's a pathological
liar and very spirited discussion
gentlemen but we've run out of time any
thanks to my guests in New York and in
Plymouth and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
