the West Bank city of Bethlehem has
remained turbulent since Donald Trump's
announcement last week that he was
recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's
capital and more protests have erupted
this Tuesday well for more on this let's
cross live now to local journalist Hindu
Durie who's in the Gaza Strip hello
there hints so can you tell us what the
situation is like now well we have been
on our hello zzj in the past hour and so
far there are three injuries clashes and
tensions are rising hundreds of
protesters are coming closer to the
buffer zone so far as I saw as I
mentioned there are three injuries so
far the Israelis are throwing tear gas
bombs and live bullets and it's a it's
it's very dangerous here we have been
inhaling to your gas pumps the last two
hours and we can we can barely take a
breath demonstrating demonstrations
meanwhile demonstrations are also
happening all over Palestine in Gaza
Strip West Bank and Bethlehem
Palestinians are still angry about
Trump's latest decision Palestinians are
are demonstrating and protesting and
here we can see hundreds of protests we
have we can see hundreds of protestors
now with the red Palestinian Red
Crescent just took the three recent
injuries from the buffer zone
well that's local journalist Hindu
Audrey thank you very much indeed thank
you well meanwhile the Israeli army says
it's hit back at Hamas posts in Gaza in
retaliation for a rocket launch towards
Israel locals have described what
happened I think Trump was wrong this
time he made a mess
we Israelis all know that Jerusalem is
our capital we don't need him to say it
or protests against Trump's decision
about Jerusalem have fanned out across
the globe one of the latest was in the
Chilean city of Santiago where it's
Palestinian community rallied in front
of the US Embassy
when a similar protest was seen in the
Lebanese capital Beirut while in Tunisia
demonstrators also marched demanding the
resignation of the US ambassador that's
despite the strong objections to Trump's
decision both in the Arab world and
beyond the US ambassador to the UN
insists the move will bring peace to the
region artis Kayla glopping assesses how
likely that will be u.s. leaders seem to
believe that if you repeat something
over and over again it becomes the truth
take a listen to nikki Haley the US
ambassador to the United Nations
defending Trump's recent Jerusalem move
which caused violence and chaos
throughout the region we are living in
the reality that Jerusalem is the
capital of Israel you clearly disagree
sitting this is your table table this is
a regrettable decision Jerusalem is the
capital of Israel this decision will
open the gates of hell it's the right
thing to do
it is absolutely the right thing to do
Jerusalem is the capital of Israel these
decisions are unhelpful to the prospects
for peace in the region the announcement
has the potential to send us backwards
to even darker times we are living in
the reality that Jerusalem is the
capital of Israel when both parties
recognize reality peace comes repeating
mantras happens to be a thing in
Washington DC especially when it comes
to controversial foreign policy
decisions take a listen to the know
regime change just a no-fly zone mantra
that we heard regarding the Libyan
intervention the Security Council has
responded to the Libyan people's cry for
help
this council's purpose is clear to
protect innocent civilians the task that
I assigned our forces to protect the
Libyan people from immediate danger
broadening our military mission to
include regime change would be a mistake
pretty soon NATO cruise missiles were
flying in order to back up fighters
armed by Western countries then
eventually the country's leader Muammar
Gaddafi was brutally executed
here's Hillary Clinton retelling her
version of the events yes we Came we saw
he died and then there was that whole
weapons of mass destruction routine
performed at the United Nations by Colin
Powell he even brought props less than a
teaspoon full of dry anthrax in an
envelope shut down the United States
Senate in the fall of 2001 Iraq declared
8500 liters of anthrax
we have no ambition in Iraq except to
remove a threat so the weapons of mass
destruction weren't actually there and
now Iraq was left in shambles the main
reason we went into Iraq at the time was
we thought he had weapons of mass
destruction it turns out he didn't well
Bush was forced to admit that he was
wrong about Iraq but nikki Haley is
certain there will be no retractions
about Jerusalem it will move the peace
process forward I'll come back and tell
you I told you so now if any of that
peace nikki Haley is promising ever
shows up it's certainly going to make
people across the globe quite delighted
but
till then it looks like simply saying
things doesn't make them so Caleb poppin
RT New York
