just a months after its unsuccessful
move for independence the Spanish region
of Catalonia has once again been struck
by violence hundreds of protesters
scuffled with police in a city of EI de
this time the issue is holy relics
seized by Spanish authorities that are
inflamed separatist sentiments medieval
artifacts from a convent in another
Spanish province that were loaned to
Catalonia are sparking discontent
the central government has in effect
basically ended the litigation they've
said we have the power now and we're
going to end this issue once and for all
okay stop annoying what is happening in
the museum and neither there's nothing
to do with art with justice
it is the Spanish government and the
authorities in Aragon that came to the
museum look at a war
we've already seen them act against
democracy in human rights today we also
saw them ignore cultural values people
in impose or in view these artifacts
with perhaps greater actual value than
what they have because they speak to a
larger set of tensions between the two
parties
authoritarian approach on top of all the
other authoritarian approaches that the
Catalans have been subject to that makes
this particular case so important
