hi I'm Max Keiser this says the Koz
report yeah Bitcoin is skyrocketing up
the charts heading into the five figure
tens of thousands soon to be hundreds of
thousands of dollars a lot of stories
emerging you know Stacey it's amazing
going back to the 2011 era when Bitcoin
was $1 $2 $3 of course we were reporting
it here on the kaisers report a lot of
people would give me bitcoins at these
conferences I gave a lot of people are
lots of bitcoins I distinctly remember
giving Russell Brand a thousand bitcoins
when they were I think maybe two bucks a
Bitcoin that's not worth 16 million
dollars I wonder if he still has them
some of them were these cassation scones
and I don't you know it's just lost
track it's like giving away candy at
that time now of course they're worth
something yeah we're going to as we
approach the end of the year and do our
retrospectives and look forward to the
new year we're going to talk a lot about
the history of Bitcoin what's going on
we are recording this quite a few hours
before the futures markets opened in
Chicago so Bitcoin has become a huge
massive international story everybody's
hearing about it we're getting a lot of
tweets and a lot of emails asking how to
buy it how to buy it people are panic
buying and you're certainly seeing that
I saw a chart of buys versus sells and
it's all buy is no selling there's
nobody selling so you're seeing quite a
basically a melt up and then
rollercoaster down in you know so it's
very volatile you we're gonna see a lot
of volatility in Bitcoin prices as these
futures markets unfold there's gonna be
multiple futures contracts multiple
banks all these banks are getting into
it we are again recording this right
before the futures markets open in
Chicago so what's your prediction by the
time this airs it will have already
happened what's your prediction for how
it will have impacted the price if
anything I'm late Sunday early Monday I
think we're gonna see upward trends
because the business futures trading
needs
at their core a lot of inventory of
coins so that I think as I've been
saying get a inventory of coins on the
books so that specialists and market
makers can do their job in
creating a price structure and price
discovery but you need to have an
inventory to do that remember I invented
the virtual specialist technology patent
number five nine five Oh 176 I have
designed trading technologies and
specialist technologies going back to
1997 and before that of trader on Wall
Street traded options I was the third
biggest options producer in the shearson
lehman hutton system for many years and
so now they're coming into my you know
my territory tell us what my house so
what do you think the futures mark is a
lot of people are from the precious
metals market who have been watching our
show and what they always say is that
the futures mark is the paper markets
have driven down the price of gold and
silver what do you think is going to
have an impact or not on Bitcoin see
what's happening in gold and silver is
that capitals fleeing gold and silver
and going into Bitcoin capitals fleeing
fiat money going into Bitcoin capital is
fleeing all these other debt red mass
asset classes and into this new emerging
asset class and therefore they've got
this upward buying pressure people don't
understand that at its heart bitcoin is
a messaging app first a means of no they
store a value second and a medium of
exchange third the Satoshi white paper
is a bit misleading because it leads off
by calling Bitcoin digital cash that's
kind of misleading it's not really
digital cash until first it establishes
itself as a messaging app money and
economics are the history of
communication and trade in language
that's language explodes onto the scene
trade explodes onto the scene messaging
apps explode and exponentially onto the
scene Bitcoin is similarly it's unique
in this way it's an emerging asset class
it's not quite a currency it's not quite
a commodity it's not quite a technology
it's a combination of all these things
happening in this beautifully Cartesian
elegant distribution of interests called
the Bitcoin protocol and it's eating the
fiat world eating the commodity world
eating the technology world and it's
going 200,000 200,000 300,000 a coin
because there are listens what you got
to do instead of saying what's Bitcoin
in relation to gold in other words if it
trades at $400,000 a coin it would be
roughly equivalent to the total
above-ground gold stock in the world you
have to look at it in terms of
Bitcoin as related to global debt it's
not seven trillion in debt like seven
China and gold there's 300 trillion in
debt I did the calculations and that
would imply a Bitcoin price of over two
million dollars a coin to monetize that
debt and to get rid of that debt okay
fly we're flying through space and
hundreds of thousands of miles per
second why don't you know light it's the
speed of light you know how can we
discount that how can we be little that
they put a man on the moon we can put
Bitcoin to a million okay as you said
many people called Bitcoin gold 2.0 if
just as that just as operating as a gold
you know proxy or gold of his own a
digital gold as Bitcoin investor
Novogratz has said that would equal four
hundred thousand dollars per Bitcoin
just to equal the size of the gold
market which is over seven trillion
dollars maybe the point years ago
because yes this is what he determined
the price would be is for exactly four
hundred thousand dollars or so I get it
okay
I'm still asking you however what do you
think the chicago futures markets we
have CBOE that on sunday and then right
after CME and then there are going to be
Nasdaq Cantor Fitzgerald who you sold
your technology to your company to a
Hollywood Stock Exchange what do you
think the impact will be on the price
can they will it provide more liquidity
will bring in more money will it cause
more volatility will it provide less
volatility what do you think will happen
it'll create a bigger pipe for more
money to flow into Bitcoin right now the
pipe is about you know like this it's a
relatively miniscule market compared to
the bond futures the currency futures
stock futures you know five trillion
dollars or at the Forex per day is the
market Bitcoin in that arena is a
pipsqueak by expanding these contracts
features contracts derivatives and
bringing Wall Street Chicago into the
mix you're taking that small straw which
is an on-ramp for Fiat into Bitcoin and
you're making it massively bigger and
that on-ramp is going to suck in what I
call the Bitcoin black hole it'll suck
every piece of
debt-ridden carcinogenic bull houki
Central Bank Wall Street Bank Jamie
Dimon will be sucked through a straw
I mean imagine Jamie Dimon being sucked
through a straw what'd he end up on the
other and is a pulp of snot and
degenerate you know derivatives
derivatives imagine lloyd blankfein
being sucked through a garden hose what
ends up on the other it's a string
theory it means to block the Bitcoin
black hole you know if you enter a black
hole it gets stringify
spaghetti five it gets spaghettified
imagine Jamie Dimon a Lauren blank line
being spaghettified is they sucked into
the Bitcoin black hole and they just
turn into you know atomized pieces of
deceit in the Hamptons looking for Matt
Lauer and some underage chick
you mentioned the size of the forex
market and that's foreign currency
exchange the foreign exchange markets so
all that's the biggest market in the
world probably by trade volume per day
five trillion a day dollars versus euro
versus yen versus you know British Pound
I forgot the name of that little country
their end of Europe that Stubb run by
Theresa May so that's five trillion
dollars a day one the very very first
big day is everybody's preparing for
these uh the futures markets open on
Bitcoin they we saw twenty eight point
seven billion in Bitcoin volume that had
that was up from like five and a half
billion over the summer so now we're at
twenty eight point seven billion but
just a tiny tiny tiny blip compared to
the whole forex market a five trillion
dollars a day I'm saying it but so is it
the overwhelm you see this is people
don't understand is that at its heart
Bitcoin is a messaging app first store
of value second and a medium of exchange
third as a messaging app this is the
history of economics the history of
money the history of trade the history
of evolution the DNA in ourselves of our
bodies suggests that Bitcoin will be a
lot higher because we as the species
want to connect and its monetization of
our unconscious it's the monetization of
our collective unconscious it's the
monitor it's what I call the psychic
Equity Conversion the P EC
we're converting our our consciousness
and unconsciousness into a monetary
medium of exchange through the the magic
if you will as Steve Jobs would call it
of a messaging app the Metcalfe's law of
exponential growth and essentially
there's law if you want to talk about
economics for all you economic quants
and dweebs and hacks out there look up
there's law th ie rs law of good money
pushing out bad ok the fiat money is
going the way of the dodo this brings me
towards the end of our show the last two
or three minutes here before we go into
the second half we had finished your
second part of your interview with Randy
bowler I do want to say max will
probably be on our tea you know talking
live as these up Bitcoin futures start
trading yeah well or other news well
hopefully or probably you're gonna
basically see a lot of live news about
the futures markets because it's gonna
be a big impact and it's a big news and
it's a big story but before that I want
to turn to an interesting story that
also happened on the very day that's
every but the market started going wild
and Bitcoin futures you know Bitcoin
prices up at 5,000 down 3,000 up 6,000
down 2,000 when it was very volatile it
was emerged that Saudi Crown Prince is
by over da Vinci painting that sold for
a record-breaking 415 million dollars
says Wall Street Journal they got this
information from the US intelligence
community that it was the Saudi Crown
Prince the same guy incarcerated those
hundreds of princes and you pay for the
banks don't know exactly but you know
this is very old-school old world
everybody's like wow that's the crown
prince this is four hundred and fifty
million dollars for a da Vinci painting
just to put it that into context that's
that is three Bitcoin pizzas at this
current price is this three Bitcoin
pizzas remember ten thousand Bitcoin
were spent for two pizzas at the very
first ever Bitcoin meetup right here in
New York back in 2011 only two or three
weeks later there was that Prague
Bitcoin conference where you and I
attended but that was just a mere three
Bitcoin pizzas for this da Vinci
painting
yeah well absolutely and you know the
entire market cap of cryptocurrencies is
about 450 billion now approaching the
half a trillion mark cryptocurrency
market will of course top to trillion
dollar level and hit the multi trillion
dollar level again because it's this
amazing quantum effect of pulling in all
the fiat money into the into the crypto
and Bitcoin black hole of store of value
you used to be the only person calling
for I remember there's some headlines
back from 2012 or whatever Max Keiser
says Bitcoin market will go to a hundred
billion how wacky how crazy but now I
tuned into the news or read the
headlines and it's non-stop all sorts of
names this guy says it's going for
hundred thousand four billion four
trillion everybody's like calling this
well yeah do you Alan Greenspan was
talking about Bitcoin in terms of the
Continental which is I gotta go alright
well stay tuned for the second half a
lot more coming your way even George
Galloway I gave George Galloway free
bitcoins like in 2011 he's a millionaire
multi-millionaire George do you know
that stay tuned
hi I'm Max Keiser this is still the
Kaiser report you know I felt bad
cutting Randy Fuller off last time he
was on right when we were talking about
free speech so it's my frickin show so I
make all the executive decisions so
we're having him back on right hey great
to be back First Amendment yeah let's
get into it
Randy volar if you were still officially
advising the Democratic Party how can
they retake North Carolina in 2020 well
first of all you know we got to put good
candidates on the ballot and you've got
to run someone in every race one of the
past problems has been a failure to run
candidates in all 120 legislative races
max where do you find these good
candidates like the Democrats seem to be
obsessed with chasing the Russian hoax
ghosts like they don't realize that dog
don't hunt to use a southern expression
well that really has no bearing on
what's going on in local regional and
state races what they need to do is
focus on candidates that connect with
their district but you and I have talked
a lot about gerrymandering yeah tell the
people about it that
well gerrymandering is the ability for a
General Assembly a legislature to draw
the lines after a census for the
districts and so what's happened and
there have been numerous court cases in
North Carolina's though the lines have
been drawn were the politicians are
essentially selecting the voter and not
the other way around
you know and no people will say to me
well Randy you know you're partisan
you're arguing now that you're out of
power we're empowered the Republicans
give us our time and I say look if
you're if your values and your ideas and
what you believe actually you know can
you know are worth something then just
make all the districts equivalent and
let the chips fall as they may meaning
that they're you know 50/50 races if our
ideas aren't any good the voters won't
vote for us but right now you have
legislative and congressional districts
that are way out of balance for instance
if you have a D next to your name in
some districts you're gonna win no
matter who you are and same with an R
and frankly that's just unamerican it's
not fair it's not right it's not
something there that
is really good well set you said that
instead of people choosing their
politicians the politicians are choosing
their voters yes in other words two
gerrymandering they get together in a
room and they say if we divide up the
voting blocs in this way we know based
on demographics and psychographics that
we'll get X number of votes and that's
its vote rigging so again you know this
Russia gate hoax it's all about fake
vote influenced by a foreign entity and
yet gerrymandering is a clear-cut
example of vote rigging right here it's
happening all over America it's
especially egregious here in North
Carolina
why don't they address that if they're
so concerned about vote rigging because
people when they get into the power they
want to preserve their grip on power
right now North Carolina is a purple
state it's roughly a 50/50 state we've
got 13 members of Congress it's 10
Republicans and three Democrats it
should really be seven Republicans and
six Democrats or seven Democrats and six
Republicans right there you can see how
egregious it is go to other states like
Pennsylvania and you'll see the same
effect these districts have been drawn
in a way where the politicians are
picking the voters with technology as it
is now you can literally draw a line
right through a bedroom and if the
husband votes Republican on the wife
Democrat that's what you get now you saw
fair you've said in the past that North
Carolina is really a petri dish of the
American political landscape the whole
and you have for example the wealth and
income divide I believe is very sharply
expressed to the largest degree of any
city in America in Charlotte right yeah
if you look at the indices that talk
about social mobility we've got a couple
areas in this state that are at the top
of a very bad chart you know you mention
Mecklenburg Charlotte also I think
Greensboro the Greensboro winston-salem
area are both areas where social
mobility is particularly tricky now you
know it doesn't take a genius to figure
out that industry was wiped out in this
state first you had the civil war that's
just decimated much of what was
happening here decimated wealth most of
the wealth was actually in property
what was the private property slaves
right it went off the books and then you
had the rise of some corporate in this
industry with tobacco agriculture sweet
potatoes number one sweet potato
producer in America is North Carolina
agriculture I think is 83 billion
dollars a year in exports don't quote me
on that but I think I saw that number
while I was watching the local news over
Thanksgiving and what other some of the
other dynamics that are part of North
Carolina as you see it from your perch
as a political well we we lost textiles
we lost furniture making we lost a lot
of industries that were outsourced
overseas whether they went to Mexico or
whether they went to Southeast Asia and
that really gutted parts of this state
that were dependent on those good
manufacturing jobs and of course when
Big Tobacco went down and we lost that
too I mean we're in Durham Durham was
built by Big Tobacco Duke University was
built by big tobacco people don't want
to actually square that circle but
that's the truth Randi the millennial
Democrats have a radically different
ethos to the baby boomer far more
left-wing and far less suburban and more
smart city foodie loving hipster
localism as a mayor former mayor how do
you attract this new generation well
generally Millennials are interested in
a sense of place they're interested in
locality so you know farm to fork type
of things or some people say you know
tied to table you know locally sourced
fish instead of getting it from a salmon
farm and it's about quality of life it's
about creating experiences as opposed to
living in McMansions I think we're going
to have a real tricky thing in our
country as the baby boomers are
downsizing and trying to offload some of
these McMansions that were built in the
80s and 90s that were not very
energy-efficient who are the buyers
gonna be good what interesting they got
here that I love a trout write it with
pecans that's good it's really good let
me ask you another question so the
corporate Democratic Party is claiming
victory with the recent
virginia elections but many of the
winners were bernie style right are the
Millennials well and truly going to end
the reign of the neoliberal democrats
like hillary well I think the reign of
sent of centuries and neoliberalism is
already on its way out
I mean sometimes the patient doesn't
know it's dead yet really do you think
that Hillary is dead well you know
haven't you seen a body in rigor mortis
can still kick so it seems as though we
are in a post Clinton era I think we're
moving especially with the issues with
sexual rant harassment and the scandals
we're moving into a post era for an
awful lot of that generation not only in
the Republican Party but the Democratic
Party as well we're you know I'm saying
2018 is going to be the year of the
woman there gonna be a lot of incredible
women on the ballot and I think that
women are going to play a role at the
polls and reshape this country you've
seen evidence of this already yeah
there is a huge you could almost call it
a tsunami of women participating in
politics as a result in part due to this
wave of sexual scandals women are saying
I've had it enough this is our
opportunity everyone's speaking up
finally we have unity the problem with
the women's rights movement in the past
is that you didn't have enough unity
there was always some shiksa ready to
sell out her sister to become a
supermodel but now there's so much
sexual perversion out there particularly
in Hollywood that there's of unity with
that sense
not since the suffrage movement you know
rights for women to vote have we seen
such unity no more rape no more Harvey
Weinstein's and this is going to create
a wave of political activism and females
in politics Randi well you're seeing it
by the election of Donald Trump I mean
had Hillary won I don't think you would
have seen such a virulent backlash but I
mean his victory with his baggage
connected to the other issues that you
bring up I mean Weinstein obviously was
a big player in the Democratic Party as
far as a donor and all these others
across these industries are being
exposed and and women are saying it's
our time
we're tired of hitting the glass ceiling
we're tired of you know pay in
inequality we're tired of being a single
mom trying to make it on two and three
jobs and having a master's degree and
not being paid I see it showing up at
the ballot box and you know I applaud
that yeah the men have had the ball for
a long time it's time to give it to the
women it's time to see you know what
women can do most anatomically correct
the men have had for quite some time
it's time to give those to the women
it's time to let the women get their
share of the power because we certainly
have made a fine mess of things
absolutely and it can't be worse than it
already is
no it's not you know we've and we're
entering an age in the economy that
demands less actual physical strength
because everything is digital so it's
more about thinking of the cloud cloud
thinking women are good in the cloud
they don't have the whole sort of thing
linear thinking like women can't really
think linearly you know they'll show up
at the you never notices at a tollbooth
and they don't actually look for the
change to pay the toll until they arrive
at the toll booth I mean for a man
that's very frustrating but for a women
that's the way they think but I think
now is the time to let that kind of
thinking take over when I first got into
politics I was the youngest on my board
at age 36 and everyone I think of the
time was between ages 50 and 80 but
there were only there's only one woman
it was an african-american woman and I
helped elect her the first
african-american woman ever in the
history of Pittsboro and that town is
almost 240 years old as I moved on in my
career and got more women elected to the
board you could see a difference in
policy so having an equality of people
on these decision-making boards across
the country is important you can't have
it all one gender or one class it's
important to have people from different
areas to provide insight in your
community and I see that happening in
2018 2019 and 2020 and you already saw
it in Virginia in 2017 more women on top
that's what I said more women Randi
that's gonna do it for this edition for
the kaisers report with me Max Keiser
and Stacy I'd like to thank our guest
Randy volar do you want to catch us on
Twitter it's
Kizer report until next time bye y'all
