when welcome to sofiane Co I'm Sophie
Shevardnadze as former of Yemeni
president Saleh is killed by his once
allies the country's civil war takes an
unexpected turn and that is well as
Saudi impose blockade threatens hundreds
of thousands with starvation what does
the future hold for Yemen well I asked a
local car man a famous Yemeni political
activist and Nobel Peace Prize winner
the civil war in Yemen has seen a new
bloody twist with the ex president Saleh
killed by his former allies the battle
lines are being violently redrawn once
again what will the new realignment
bring to the ravaged country is Salas
death an opening for peace or a new page
in the stalemate of war and how long do
yellin starving civilians have to wait
before the guns fall silent
El Carmen here many journalists an
activist winner of the Nobel Peace Prize
welcome to the show it's really great to
have you with us
tako Yemen's former president Saleh has
been killed by his former allies the
Houthis the alliance between them which
fucked the saudi-led coalition is no
more his Sally's death good for Yemen or
is it only going to make situation worse
first of all thank you so fear and for
RT for inviting me to this program it's
a really tragic end for the ex-president
Ali Saleh and we we didn't wish this end
for him we made a great peaceful
revolution forced him to leave the
Authority peacefully we gave him
immunity
we gave him also we all know him to have
the money and billions dollars that he
talked from the authority during his 33
years so we
get him to leave the authority with this
bunny but unfortunately he choose to
have aliens with the militia often who
see and as he always do he is Dancing
with the with the snakes and now the
snakes killed him
now the question the very important
question what is next after are they
solid death this is a very important
thing
well the situation in Yemen will
deteriorate
well this school will continue will the
war will continue this answer should be
the this question should be answered by
the Yemeni people Yemeni people should
be now the one who handled the solution
the one that they stopped the world and
the one who stopped the coup how it's
there is a lot of you know solution yes
women's that Yemeni people should we
should talk about this in detail topic
also I want to be back to president
Salas assassination now that he is dead
his loyalists have no more leader do you
think they will start fighting each
other and fight for power yeah if we if
we are in the world you know internal
wall and also regional war so the war
isn't stopped the inside Yemen and also
inside Yemen so if it will be worse than
that then what happened to now nothing
was that that then what is happening now
now it's how can we stop this world how
can we stop this fighting between
Yemenis and also between Saudi Emirates
and here on in our country and that
needs a lot of things so that's not
really let us don't speak about past
let's talk about future how can we
prevent any attempt any program
possibility how can you prove it
this console escalation okay of the
escalation I understand for for example
one scenario is what president Hadi is
proposing right now right he is backed
by the Saudis and he has said that he
will declare amnesty for anyone who
stops fighting him do you think this
promise could end the war no of course
no I'm calling president Hadi and which
is who is the legitimate president I'm
calling the legitimate government to
open the dialogue to start making
negotiating with the militia of al
Houthi with all parties of Yemen they
have to find solution for Yemenis they
have to stop cocoa and also they have to
stop war with me within dialogue it's
now we are now in the other step after
the death of Ali Saleh so there is a lot
of chances now to make peace in Yemen
sub R is identity and legitimate a new
government should start dialogue with
the hostess but also also Houthis now
has to declare that they are ready to
hand over the weapons to the legitimate
Authority former president reached out
to the Saudis calling on them to lift
the blockade on Yemen with Salus death
now is there no more hope for the end of
the blockade it's very and this is this
is the duty of the Saudi and Emirates
aliens now Saudi and Emirates aliens
claimed that they are held helping the
legitimate president on restoring his
authority in Yemen they claim that and
they are they said that they are with
the legitimate Authority with the
president Hadi but the reality
unfortunately that they are occupying
Yemen they are abiding the
about the most important parts of this
70% of liberated provinces and the port
the island the airport and also they are
creating another militia you know the
real loyalty to them is special to
emirate the AB coalition has had Yemen
under blockade for two years already and
the Saudis say it is aimed at preventing
arms smuggling to the Houthi rebels UN
is saying it is creating an imminent
catastrophe with cities running out of
fuel clean water 400,000 children
starving why are the Saudis more afraid
of arms smuggling that causing this huge
despicable humanitarian tragedy that is
true Yemen now is suffering from a huge
from the worst humanitarian crisis
because of war because of coup because
of blockades that is a really nasty rafi
that is a real suffering from me and
many people how many people are now
suffering from disease from hunger from
famine from lack of electricity lack of
education lack of access to clean water
yes we are suffering from all this thing
and this suffering should be stopped
should be end yes but look at how this
wicked should be lifted now then mrs.
look then there isn't one just then
there's another question imagine the
blockade is lifted right now imagine and
the aid is flowing to those who need it
but what if that also opens up routes to
Yemen for more weapons and Yemen will be
over flooded with even more military
weapons what is the solution that we can
we are calling for so if Saudi and
Emirates real they are really with the
and they are really want Yemen to go to
solve its problem and to face the coup
and they supported the legitimate
president they should allow our
president healthy to return to Yemen to
rule Yemen inside the 70 percent
provinces that is liberated that is very
important so president Hadi with the
army can make you know the solution
while controlling you know that we
believe that you know that that is there
huh it's as I said we need for a
dialogue we need for with the houses and
with only no groups it's very important
the most important thing now is to hand
today to to withdraw the ribbons from
Malaysia so we should assume anis help
others ourselves we should solve our
problems and we can do a mean how can
you solve your own problems how can you
solve your own problems as Yemenis if
you're under blockade and you're
obviously can't solve problems only by
yourself because a lot depends of Saudi
Arabia right now and I know you're
calling for this location be lifted
it must be lifted it must be lifted but
my question is my question is lifted who
do you think Saudis will listen to
you're calling for the leaft other you
know public speakers and women and men
who are actually for peace are also
calling on Saudis to lift this blockade
UN is calling on Saudis to lift broke a
blockade
other human territories are actually
calling on Saudis to lift the blockade
they're not listening to anyone what
Dale what dialogue are you talking about
is there is no unfortunately there is no
enough brushin near the end Emirates and
the international community should do
that the international community should
as Saudi
why do they do like that until now it's
just the statements if they made some
statements the same thing and by the way
you are asked
me about the blockade that is led by
Saudi and Emirates but you don't ask me
about blockade that is by led by horses
back from Iran they are since 2014
they are make siege in the in the in the
governor at special interest so now we
are really how many people suffer from
to blockade internal Bruce Kulick aid
enter the special but led by sabah by
militia of al hafi and iran and whole
blockade by led by by Saudi and Emirates
and this rocket should be lifted now why
our president now under house arrest in
Riyadh he's in the house like a house
understand why our president had it
didn't return to London while it's a
liberate City why he merits a secure
buying the most important leg lands
island the port the airport in in the
south and in the 70% of via many
liberated countries why why do they
create militias why so now we are
calling them as it called Yemeni now I
called Arab coalition Arab coalition led
by Saudi and immolate they should let
our president to return to Eden and to
rule and then from Yemen from Eden ok
Tom :
we're gonna take a short break right now
it's important we're gonna take a short
break right now if you don't mind
and when we're back we'll continue
talking about this we'll continue
talking to tower called karmani Yemeni
political activist who won the Nobel
Peace Prize and we'll talk more about
the tragedy and raveling
in the country stay tuned
Afghanistan is not is not a good place
it's not a good country and choong-soo
accomplished encyclopedias pavilion
Caspar other and vice versa you can
imagine I was not to be bingum balsamic
are wobbly table obsolete best article
owada Jahan feel invested or modulus for
the Titan America Nadine in murderous
communists were a strong track McNair
her own arm allocate La Masia Tamsin
Connor chief economic naru in Sylvanas
Fiona would put a certain American
Masonic Nevada - Aggie Buddhist about
Allah glory believes America voice has
investigate the water for the steam
da-da-da-da-da-da fish the series was
revolution
and we're back with telecom Carmen a
Yemeni activist and the Nobel Peace
Prize winner talking about the civil war
and humanitarian catastrophe in the
country Tomiko now you are a Nobel Peace
Prize laureate you got the prize for
your role in the 2011 revolution in
Yemen five years have passed and the
revolution hasn't brought any peace your
country is being devastated by war a
power struggle which all started five
years ago was it all worth it it's worth
it absolutely Yemeni people started a
peaceful a great peaceful revolution in
2011 millions of here many people they
left their weapons more than 70 million
piece of weapons in their houses and
went to the street with roses in front
of all the violent of highly salaries
for forces so Yemeni people did a great
work on establishing a new country based
on democracy based on human rights based
on rule of law with the great work in
the transitional period we gathered only
a many parties even with the militia for
hosting even without with allas allas
aliens in one table and we did the great
National Dialogue outcomes and we wrote
a great draft of Constitution we were
just steps for making putting this
constitution for referendum but the coup
happened the chaos happened so the coup
the chaos the war isn't the result of
the peaceful revolution is the result of
the Cultural Revolution and is the
result of conflict the regional conflict
so it is not our fault but still we are
in our revolution and we will you know
continue our way and dream for change
and we will win absolutely now you have
blamed the Houthis for this crisis among
others who are and they're fighting for
one side in this Yemeni conflict but
you're also speaking
against the Saudis who are fighting the
Houthis for the sake of president Hadi
is there anyone inside Yemen you would
want to work with do you think that
Yemen is divided between a group backed
by Iran or by Saudi and and and Emirates
know how many people they have there
they they their own bath their own
strategy their own vision for serenity
of our country for democracy of our
country for peace of our country for
humor for development of our country so
it is not it is not our charge to be
with this part or with that part
look you've been exiled from the Houthi
occupied part of the country but what's
stopping you from going back to the
areas not controlled by them after all
you've said Yemen is not just divided
between a part pact with Iran and
another part that's backed by Saudis
it's all about Yemeni people so why
don't you go back as I told you 70
percent of the liberated provinces of
Yemen from the brevet liberated from the
coup led by horses and the former
President Ali Saleh is controlled by
Saudi and Emirates and I am against them
and they are creating militias and that
that you know in that provinces and yeah
I'm sure that if I will return to do
that several provinces it's listed they
are the same things like the militia for
Jose both of them are the same both of
them they don't want my country to to be
Democrats what both of them they don't
our peaceful revolution 31 and if also
there is various other progresses that
isn't with the
is it with Houthis and also with the
Saudi Interior and light for example
Mareb but unfortunately I will not to be
able to go there because there is no
plane that can make me you know free on
my movement outside Yemen for pressuring
for Yemeni freedom and for telling the
world about our you know issue tackle
I've seen you give many speeches and
receive honorary doctorates in the West
so it's good to see the Western audience
informed about the situation how exactly
are you helping the Yemenis themselves
right now I mean do you have contacts on
the ground through whom you can do
something for the people yes of course
you know yes I am in exile now but still
I am in Yemen a lot of people in Yemen
where I'm working with inside Yemen
everywhere in Yemen the people is there
the peaceful people the revolutionary
people is still there the people who are
against the occupation of Emirates and
Saudi is there and the people who are
against the coup of militia for hosting
and the previous you know Brigitte and
Ali Saleh is there I am with them inside
and I am with them outside and the most
important thing that I carry the hope
and the dream of people for making peace
for my country now back in 2011 you
spoke out against Riyadh for interfering
in Yemen's affairs but according to a
cable leak released by WikiLeaks you
secretly arranged meetings with a Saudi
official back then and asked for help I
want to ask you directly is that true
yeah of course true of course through I
do i and it's true but the wickedness
didn't let said that I also visited
Russian embassy and also I visited
American Embassy and I visited the
British Embassy French Embassy Qatar
embassy Kuwait embassy Oman Embassy I
visited all the embassies in the
Security Council in New York calling
them to see to the
and to to know a lot about Yemen
peaceful revolution and to help you many
people on facing the dictator Ali
Abdullah Saleh and to listen to you also
said that the leaders of the Saudi
coalition will be prosecuted for the
crimes they committed in Yemen how do
you imagine that happening when the
coalition is backed by Arab states like
you said and that they're also backed by
the Western allies so who will prosecute
Saudis I call for the international
justice to follow all those perpetrators
of the crimes against humanity all over
the world so I call the International
Criminal Court to follow all those
perpetrators against you know human
rights that the one whom are committed
to the crimes against humanity
so yes I'm calling International
Criminal Court to do its work and
unfortunately the international
community didn't do its work its duty
its responsibility for with those people
who suffer from their dictators from
their rulers who are suffered from the
massacres not just in Yemen in Yemen in
Syria in Myanmar in everybody anywhere
around the world as one coalition is
firing a rebellion and the rebellion
itself is fighting its own allies at the
same time al Qaeda has been given an
opportunity to take advantage of the
chaos does Yemen in your opinion risk
falling to the jihadis while it's busy
fighting al Qaeda and any terrorist
group if you want really to face them to
fight them it is not just came by the
security solution not just come by the
weapons there is other solution the
other solution is supporting democracy
way supporting peaceful movements
supporting the development supporting
the justice that is very important so in
Yemen people are you know facing all
this extremism extremists feeble during
valleys select period or if they will
appear you know this time but also there
is other solution for that how can we
face them
remember Sophie when we made our
peaceful revolution in 2011 during two
years of peaceful mission two years
there wasn't any voice from al-qaeda so
we gave the alternative which is
peaceful struggle peaceful movement the
struggle of those the hatred the swirl
of extremism being shut up in front of
the voice of peaceful people a voice of
chanting the boss of peaceful sacrifice
for freedom do you think there should be
a military intervention in your country
can you and please keep in Mission save
the day of course no of course no I'm
calling for I'm calling upon Yemenis to
start solving their issue by themselves
Yemenis can stop this world and as I
said before with the how can we stop
that shooting and other things there is
Arab coalition Saudi and Emirates should
stop their occupation in Yemen and they
have to let our president to return to
Yemen and that will help be a many to 22
to build their country without any you
know armed intervention typical thank
you so much for this emotional interview
I wish you all the best all the best of
luck in all your future endeavors and
above all I wish peace for Yemen for
your beloved country thank you very much
for being with us we're talking to Tommy
Cole Carmen yeah many political
activists Nobel Peace Prize laureate the
causing the tragedy unfolding in Yemen
and the future of the country that is it
for this edition of Sophie and Coe I
will see you next time
