New York Police are responding to a
reported blast at the central bus
station in Manhattan
they say the cause of the blast is as
yet unclear there's no information yet
regarding any casualties or injuries
there was also a report of a stampede
following what some had described as an
explosion well the blast is said to have
happened at Manhattan's Port Authority
bus terminal situated between 42nd
Avenue and 8th Street police on their
Twitter feed are warning people to stay
away from the area where eyewitnesses
say there are a lot of police at the
scene and there are also reports that
some subway lines are being evacuated
well for more details on this and
joining us live for the details on the
phone is our T's correspondent Caleb
Moulton Caleb can you hear me hello
Caleb can we get we don't seem to get
through to our correspondent there will
return to Caleb as soon as we have
contact in the meantime we do have some
live pictures coming through here let's
let's return to some of the details from
that breaking news story
well the explosion is said to now we
have the live feed coming through so we
can see those pictures New York Police
Department are responding to a reported
blast at the central bus station in
Manhattan
they say the cause of the blast there is
as yet unclear and there's no
information yet regarding any casualties
or injuries there was also a report of a
stampede for him what son described as
an explosion
well the blast is said to have happened
at Manhattan's Port Authority bus
terminal situated between 42nd and
eights will police on their Twitter feed
are warning people to stay away from the
area eyewitnesses say there are a lot of
police at the scene and there are also
reports that some of the subway lines
are being evacuated and I think at this
point we can now return to Caleb more in
our reporter who's at the scene Caleb
can you hear me yes I can hear you I
can't get more do we know so at this
point we're hearing reports that the
explosion took place in the Port
Authority building that's where are the
buses that are coming into Manhattan
I generally deposit people these are
buses coming in from New Jersey these
are Greyhound buses from around the
country and that's where the explosion
took play
and as of now we're not getting any
reports of any injuries however we're
hearing that they didn't respond to the
explosion there was a stampede that
people were evacuated and the NYPD
according to some sources the NYPD has
one person in custody at this time now
we also understand that there are trains
you know that deposit in the area near
the Port Authority building was also a
subway stop the a train the C train and
the e train right here in Manhattan and
all of those train lines are now being
evacuated in the subway station below
the Port Authority building is being
evacuated in response to this blast so
we still it's still unclear that made
this blast what caused the explosion you
know but at the NYPD is on the scene
when we understand SWAT teams are on the
scene immediately clearing the area
clearing the Port Authority building
trying to get to the conclusion of
what's happening so a lot of questions
are in the works but as of now we're not
seeing reports of injuries which seems
to be a good sign but but you know as
news travels fast and we get to the
bottom of what happened it's not clear
as of yet now that's quite a big
building it's important to point out
that you know there are the trains that
deposit there there are many different
buses coming in and this is a very very
busy time for that building at this
point you know it's just it's just it's
just almost 8:30 here in New York City
and you can bet that people are just
piling into downtown in their daily
commute you know on a given day at this
time you can bet that subway cars that
are going on in on their way into
Manhattan or just taxol of people you
know standing standing room only people
you know people just piled in there
barely enough space so if there were to
be an explosion in in this area if the
potential for injury is quite massive as
the area tends to be quite packed with
commuters on on morning's like this now
the Port Authority building that's where
buses that are coming into the city tend
to deposit that's also you know at the
side of a train station
this is just one block away from Times
Square and this is 42nd Street this is
midtown Manhattan I was quite a busy
area now there's a very large security
and police presence in that area at all
times we've seen that there have been
previous incidences there you know most
recently there was there was the
incident where there was the individual
who was driving through Times Square and
trying to injure people with his car and
there were fatalities and that area is
very very heavily monitored in police a
huge amount of surveillance a huge
police presence and as we understand now
the New York City Police Department's on
the scene clearing the area and trying
to clear on any any any people from the
area just trying to evacuate the scene
for safety purposes as we know any
incident like this you never know if
this is over or not you know for all we
know there could be more explosions in
the works so you could be sure that
they're trying to evacuate the scene to
get everyone out of there before before
they determine so they're able to
determine what's happening next if
you're building a safe if the thing is
safe and this things can return to
normal you know questions are still
being raised as to what this explosion
was we ready to take place there's quite
a big building what smell was this
explosion on was this explosion in the
subway area was it was it you know in an
area where the processes were coming in
was it on the you know on the street
level of the building was it higher up
on the higher levels where you know some
of the assembly process from New Jersey
deposit a lot of questions are being
asked it's all not very clear but as we
know the NYPD is on the scene and people
are being rapidly cleared from the area
that the reports were getting the
subways are being evacuated an area that
would usually be just a harbor activity
just a sea of human human beings is now
being cleared and evacuated out as we
try to get to the bottom of what's
happening now their reports see the
indicate that one person is in custody
at the moment but it's not clear effect
in relation to you know the explosion or
this is a person who for actions giving
the way of evacuation efforts a lot of
things are just not clear as we're
hearing reports of the Port Authority
building being cleared by the New York
City police
indeed well Caleb we'll leave it there I
mean we have heard the RT has contacted
the police for comment but they've
neither confirmed nor denied the blasts
and did not submit that anybody was in
custody so we are awaiting details on
that they also clarified that it was yet
unclear whether this incident is being
treated as a terror attack or not but we
do have reports coming through that the
bomb squad has been has been sent to the
area we'll have more details on this
later and probably hear from Kayla begin
to thank you very much indeed Caleb
