what many Subway's that are affected
almost all of then we've got the n QR s
W one two three and seven the shuttle
service is also shut down which means
the a C and E Lyons are also affected by
this so literally no subway service into
or out of Times Square everything is
just bypassing the Time Square station
so you can get past the Time Square
station you cannot get to it so a
tremendous amount of police activity
here you can see fire department
ambulances everything on the scene of
you're expecting this closure to be in
place for some time we've been listening
to the police on the scanners and
they're saying they're having a
difficult time getting into their
positions because traffic is gridlocked
through the area as you can imagine such
a huge stretch of area to be shut down
so we of course will stay over this we
will keep you updated on what we see
from the air but right now expect these
massive closures throughout the Midtown
area it is going to be a disaster today
cherlene back to you
yeah you know it's really interesting
that you asked that because we were
trying to ascertain whether or not they
were shutting down the Port Authority
building itself and you can see this is
really ground zero where it's happening
you're looking down right there at the
intersection of 8th Avenue and at 42nd
Street right there and you can see that
all of the jackets you see there that is
all Police Department activity those are
officials that are in at that area once
you get a block away even two blocks
away you're seeing more pedestrian
traffic so it seems like they're trying
to shut down the initial area but
they're kind of fanning it out from from
Ground Zero there at the actual point of
8th Avenue and 42nd Street that is all
just Police Department activity you can
see why they've shut down the entire
area they're trying to shut down streets
throughout the area you can see top of
your screen and bottom of the screen
they're allowing through traffic through
so that would be 43rd Street and 41st
Street but they're trying to keep 42nd
itself closed for all that emergency
activity
