US President Donald Trump delivered his
address to the United Nations General
Assembly outlining his and America's
vision of today's world we can get at
more details now from Aleppo franca in
New York he was following what was said
and Italy what were the key points them
what was his overall message Andrew hi
again yes we're indeed done and dusted
with Tuesday's UNG a highlight that as
the speech of Donald Trump which
actually had a very awkward beginning to
it for some reason the American
president decided to begin by telling
the entire world how his administration
was doing a good job and here's what
that looked like
America's economy is booming like
Neville achieved their lowest levels
ever recorded
in less than two years my administration
has accomplished more than almost any
Administration in the history of our
country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
the general reception by the audience
was rather warm but more awkward moments
were to come Donald Trump stressed that
his country would not intervene in other
nations affairs and basically said that
Washington will stop telling other
countries what to do and almost
immediately after that the American
president got to doing just that
Tehran was viciously told off and the
government there was called
many things including a brutal and
corrupt dictatorship and also the
world's greatest
sponsor of terrorism everyone else
around the world was told to start or
continue isolating Iran Donald Trump was
sharp and ready to bite rather
surprisingly I should say in that speech
he went after the OPEC oil producing
countries for keeping the oil prices low
countries with socialist governments
were made bad guys as well worst off was
Venezuela just check out some more of
these highlights of the Donald Trump
speech we reject the ideology of
globalism OPEC and OPEC nations are as
usual ripping off the rest of the world
we want them to start lowering prices
and they must contribute substantially
to military protection from now on
Germany will become totally dependent on
Russian energy if it does not
immediately change course all nations of
the world should resist socialism and
the misery that it brings to everyone so
many countries in the Middle East
strongly supported my decision to
withdraw the United States from the
horrible 2015 Iran
nuclear deal so the issue with Iran is
probably one of the most complicated
Donald Trump said that many other
countries applauded his exit from the
so-called Iran nuclear deal however we
remember that pretty much none of the
other signatories Russia China and the
major European powers supported that
collapsing on the deal in that decision
to ditch it from the American side and
on Monday federica mogherini said that
Iran was fully complying with the deal
and that Europe even came up with a
special financial mechanism to keep
dealing with Iran in defiance of US
sanctions Donald Trump also during his
speech praised his great progress in the
Middle East however he failed to mention
all the mess that unraveled after his
decision to move Israel's capital to
recognize Jerusalem as Israel that
unraveled around that city and inside
that as well
so it was indeed a controversial speech
Donald Trump's second speech at the UN
General Assembly but what else can you
expect from the man especially if he's
addressing the entire world here at the
UN HQ in New York okay thanks really
prefering Adair Forrester in New York
but we can't get more reaction now too
because we can go live to Heba Mourad
she's a political analyst and
commentator and she's with us this
evening you're very welcome
what did you make of Donald Trump's
comments about Iran and what you expect
to be the reaction from Tara
well comments from Trump's comments
today were a bit so ridiculous because
everyone knows that without Tehran and
the efforts of Iraq Russia and the
resistance forces in the region we would
have terror terrorism everywhere
meanwhile he makes he
his words were nonsense because the
efforts of these powers together was
what brought stability to the region at
the time when the American government
Trump's government was basically along
with its allies in the region such as
the United Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia
and others supporting these terrorist
groups in the region and we have
actually heard General Flint doing
saying this live on TV what then do you
think will be the reaction from the
administration from the Iranian
government to what was said today at the
General Assembly well I do not think
that trumps words are worth believing
Trump is basically trying to defend
himself and he is trying to basically
talk about his accomplishments during
the two years which was all even
sarcastic for the people attending the
assembly Iran basically is trying its
most efforts to cooperate with its
allies in the region to fight terrorism
which has been caused by the US and of
course we know that President rouhani
had declared earlier that he will not be
meeting Trump because of different
elements one of which is because of the
US government withdrawing from the deal
and proving to be untrustworthy and
inconsistent in its foreign policy all
the time do you think Donald Trump will
win any support for what he said today
about around I mean he did sort of put
forward an argument didn't he he said
that since the nuclear deal was signed
around his Spencer always increased its
military spending by 40 percent and he
said that's that's not good how do you
think that that will win over much
support or do you think what he said
will actually work against America's
interests well I think that above all
America's been trying to put America
first today in his speech and going back
to Iran and its start
in the world I mean Iran has been
showing on and on and that it's being
credible it's sticking to the to the
deal in terms of military expenditure
Iran is the 19th country worldwide in
terms of military expenditure which
means that the Israeli regime Turkey
many other countries the United States
itself is ahead in terms of this aspect
so I do not see why Iran should be
concerned and the Iranian officials have
over and over repeated that if anyone is
to be concerned about the situation and
Trump himself
yeah and given the fact that we heard
today - on the same day the EU saying it
was going to implement new measures to
help circumvent any sort of US sanctions
against Iran - it's clear that he hasn't
got full support isn't it I mean he must
realize that what he says isn't entirely
true because many people towards their
rejections to what he'd been saying very
true Trump should actually start
realizing that he has been instead of
bringing and making America great again
he's been isolating the United States of
America even the European Union and his
allies in Europe are not happy with his
attitude towards Iran which has proved
on and on and on again repetitively that
it has abided by the deal which of
course the EU approved off and still
approves off however it the ball is in
the EU's court now to prove whether it's
spineless or it's brave enough to find a
way out and preserve the deal with Iran
okay have a look nice to talk to you
tonight I was having more a doubt
political analyst and commentator thank
you what security and political analyst
oh - che be noted numerous basic
contradictions in Trump's speech at very
strong words about patriotism almost so
strong that it could be perhaps
qualified as a kind of a new rise of a
you know he's calling for nationalism
extreme nationalism and that is
unfortunate because that moves the world
towards a more
a more difficult place to actually
manage in a peaceful way from the United
Nations and he had very strong words
towards the ICC and the and this is an
organization that was created in the in
2099 2000 and many countries are have
signed the Rome Rome Rome declaration
and they're part of the ICC so this
attack is attacking all the nations who
believe in the ICC as an organization
that is capable of bringing justice
forward so it's it's also another
contradiction because he talks about the
rule of law and at the same time he
attacks the International Criminal Court
I'm not sure that his speech on a on an
ideological level on on a strategic
level holds all together it has a lot of
contradictions and weaknesses
you
