Crypton industrial sectors have been put
on to a new level including the Aswan
dump which is a symbol of our
cooperation the relations between our
countries now are reviving in new time
of growth in order to implement the
Egyptian dreams of becoming a stronger
Khan today say the hydro had rose atom
and the minister of electricity and
renewable energy are signing the acts to
kick-start the work on the construction
of el l dubba NPP and start supplying
the nuclear fuel for the upcoming NPP
and we invite the sides to sign the
agreement
in the name of Allah ladies gentlemen
first and foremost I'd like to welcome
the excellency but we Putin friend of
Egypt his presence today with us is a
testimony to the fact that we have very
good in strategic kind of relations
close relations truly historical these
relations lasting on the basis of our
foundation of cooperation we do what we
can to coordinate or positions to align
our bilateral relations our as you know
relations have started terms of recover
activity when we created the metallurgy
plant and the Aswan Jamba and today we
signed another agreement to create the
first NPP on the territory our country
has always been looking
to view Russia as a lasting friend and
partner in many many matters throughout
many centuries historical ashes has
forged to have what we have today we
talks with mr. Putin and we noted very
steadfast commitment while college to
build up our relations even further just
to produce goods and to trade goods as
well as inviting more investments
together a special notice is the
importance of attracting Russian
investment see jipped through created
Russian industrial zone on the Swiss
channel instructed all the relevant
agencies and ministries to solve all
possible issues in regarding the build
up of our cooperation relations in the
spirit of the coordination which we've
seen throughout the process of talks to
contract this first nuclear power plant
first and Egypt
when the transit banana untidily
Ashburton alkali lake Lamia elated a
muscle under communal Bernardin Amman
and mina van de l'homme ax and crucially
sad 8:11 sacrament a cotton University
Messala ladies and gentlemen in order to
achieve better future for our nation's
we've been coordinating our positions in
relation to the regional agenda today we
discussed whole variety of matters
relating to the matters of national
security to Russia and to Egypt our key
goal is to install stability and less
than peace in the region in the Middle
East for the better future for the
upcoming generations in that context
they were touched upon the Palestinian
issue especially situation which emerged
after the United States America decided
to acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital
of Israel and to relocate their embassy
to that city we discussed all the
consequences of that very reckless and
possibly conflicting move so
we also express our determination that
the legal status of Jerusalem should be
decided upon the basis of international
law and the UN resolutions in order to
prevent the situation from further
development ladies and gentlemen the
Palestinian issue is one of the most
important topics of our talks we highly
appreciate the efforts Russia in seeking
the peaceful solution to that problem as
well as the full lateral Commission on
Palestinian issue and what they do is
highly appreciated we also appreciate in
a holic acknowledge your efforts to
fairly resolve the most Asian conflict
in the region which has been pending
just and fair resolution for a very long
time on the issues we discussed today
arbitration in Libya in Syria and we
highlighted the need to resolve these
crises through peaceful political means
regarding Syria our positions coincide
and I mean that we need to support the
distillation zone initiative and
expanded those to create a federal
environment for the upcoming peaceful
negotiations between all the conflicting
parties within Syria we acknowledge all
the efforts to form a unified join
delegation representing
the range of opposition groups under the
coordination of the United Nation in
order to achieve the peaceful resolution
which is so very much desired by the
Syrian people which would be directed at
maintaining the territorial integrity of
that state of that country
as for Libya we think that all
international efforts should be joined
into one track of finding a peaceful
political solution to the instability in
Libya we also support all the efforts of
the UN envoy to the region to come to
the next stage when we will see the end
of the transitional period we support
the idea to hold parliamentary and
presidential elections to stabilize
situation and to unite the military
forces that I said yesterday when I met
with the head of the presidential
Council for Libya butene I we focused on
exchanging the information Intel
information between the relevant
authorities of the two countries with
the aim to fight terrorism further on
and to stabilize the region especially
so because the majority of militants are
now coming from these hot baths from the
Middle East to other countries to other
places of the broader region and we call
on all countries to prevent any
relocation of these militants to other
places and countries
Roxxon see ladies and gentlemen today
would like to know that our relations
are very solid and we welcome you here
we focus on the build up of our
strategic relations our partnership
across all sectors thank you very much
for your attention and now I give the
floor to mr. Putin President of Russia
thank you thank you very much esteemed
president ladies and gentlemen first and
foremost I'd like to thank the president
of Egypt and all our Egyptian colleagues
for a very warm welcome mr. decision I
we've all very contentful and very
fruitful talks in a narrow circle and
with the delegations present with
outlined the moves to be taken further
on in terms of our cooperation we assess
the most topical issues of regional and
international agendas Russia has always
paid special attention to having very
fruitful and friendly relations with
Egypt our long lasting partner in the
Middle East and North Africa
down Nakata Sadako well Manfred muta
rajala regime the lateral work is on the
rise we see that our relations are now
coming on to a new level
qualitatively new level this accounted
for by the expansion of our trade and
economic cooperation today was such as
faction we've seen that throughout the
last nine months the amount of trade
increased by 1.5 times which is now more
than four billion dollars we seen the
equipment in what concerns the
cooperation between the original Union
and Egypt as a key factor and the
development of relations special
attention was paid to a work in the
energy sector hydrocarbons construction
the first nuclear power plant is called
LD Bob working on this project
Egypt will get not only a power plant
but also an access to the most advanced
and save technologies
we've assessed another promising project
creating Russian industrial zone in
Egypt we believe that this will be the
biggest regional center on producing
Russian products on to the markets of
the Middle East and North Africa Russian
leading companies are already interested
in joining in respect that the overall
amount of investments will be equal into
seven billion dollars we discussed
cooperation in the agricultural sector
as well
Egypt is one of the key bias of Russian
grains last nine months we've supplied
Egypt with several million tons of wheat
and we are ready to continue to supply
Egypt with the necessary amount of wheat
and grains we agreed to expand our
cooperation in the technical and
military spheres first to step up the
military capabilities of Egypt in the
fight against terrorism
certainly we couldn't overlook from
deterrence fear and certainly tourism
which we paid special attention to after
the terrible tragedy above seen Ivan
insula in 2015 the direct air flights
have been suspended as you know within
these months Egypt had done a tremendous
job to ensure higher levels of security
in the airports of the country we talked
about the further algorithm to renew the
flies direct flies to rush in Egypt
Western security agencies have reported
that we are ready to start the direct
flight services between Moscow and Cairo
certainly will need to sign in to
governmental protocol on that matter and
we will push forward to signing it at
the earliest opportunity we have the
very detailed talks an exchange of views
on the current international issues our
approaches they coincide all really
close in terms of some issues some
matters
i briefed my colleague my counterpart on
the efforts Russia applies to normalize
situation in Syria and I also briefed on
the outcomes of my two days visit to
Syria as you know the help of the
Russian aerospace forces the most whole
territory of Syria has been cleared of
terrorists I believe that the tasks
which we wanted to achieve with a broad
participation of Russian air base forces
have been largely completed recision i
we agreed to improve our coordination
for the lasting settlement to the Syrian
crisis we're thankful to our Egyptian
colleagues for supporting our initiative
to hold a national dialogue Congress for
Syria we want to bringing a variety of
opposition groups including the members
also called Moscow and Cairo platforms
Russia and Egypt are solely interested
in ensuring peace and security in Libya
we installing sovereignty it's unity and
territorial integrity we highly
appreciate the constructive approach
Egypt has towards the whole variety of
problems in the Middle East and we can
only welcome the signing of an agreement
between the FASTA and Hamas for the sake
of more rainforest peace in Libya our
countries are together in urging to have
the earliest resolution of the
israeli-palestinian problem including
the problem of the status of Jerusalem
we need lasting and fair and just
arrangements and agreements which would
meet the interests of both sides and
certainly these arrangements and
agreements should meet the previously
adopted agreements and statements of the
international community
Russia fully supports all decisions
taking before on that matter by the
Security Council of the United Nations
believe it is counterproductive to make
any steps which can be presupposing and
imposition of someone else's will on the
resolution or pre determining the
outcome of these negotiations beforehand
we believe that such moves and steps are
did stabilize the situation they are
precluding the situation from being
resolved because these is the way to
provoke a conflict and in conclusion I'd
like to thank our Egyptian friends for
very constructive very fruitful work I'm
sure that the implementation of the
agreements of today will further
facilitate the ties and economic
activity between Russia and Egypt thank
you very much
