lamech states elimination in Syria has
sparked a new rift between key foreign
forces fighting in the country last week
Russia declared Syria liberated from the
extremist group with the help of Syrian
and Iranian forces however that didn't
sit too well with the us-led coalition
which now claims it's the only force
that's made quote meaningful progress
against ISIL artis nikki aaron explains
everyone was gearing up to celebrate
isil's grip on Syria was loosening and
the u.s. coalition forces had the
champagne on ice we are defeating Isis
we're really winning we know how to win
Isis in terms of as a physical Caliphate
will be gone by the end of the year but
when the Black Flag was finally lowered
some felt the limelight was stolen
Russia's Defense Minister reported that
the military operation on the east and
west banks of the Euphrates River is now
completed with the full defeat of the
terrorists of course there could still
be some pockets of resistance but in
general combat actions at this stage and
on this territory are over how dare
Russia claim the moment of glory I want
to thank general mattis for doing such a
great job with respect to Isis he's
knocking the hell out of him of course
I've made it possible with what I've let
you do I think so instead of celebrating
some choice perhaps predictably to
squabble over the flat boots or not I
find it surprising that Russia takes all
the credit for defeating ISIL in reality
ISIL occupied a large part of Syria and
Iraq and it was the coalition that
shrank the territory occupied by the
jihadists let's step back and look at
how ISIL lost ground in the south the
Syrian army backed by Russian airpower
repainted the map from black to Damascus
read while coalition forces with the
help of the Kurds did much of the heavy
lifting by liberating swaths of northern
Syria but heaven forbid we should even
consider this a team effort
with the support of the russian air
force the syrian army liberated hundreds
of cities from isil territories and
returned almost all the country's
territory to the government control
the us-led coalition not the Russian
Federation or Syrian regime is the only
force that has made meaningful progress
against Isis for years the various
thighs have shed a common goal driving
ISIL out of Syria but now that's been
achieved for some the main thing now is
taking all the credit it is still
absolutely critical to the u.s. role in
the world to maintain this this
narrative that it is response only
responsible for you know the good things
that happen in the world while its
enemies are responsible for all the bad
things and and unfortunately it sees
Russia as a not just a competitor but
really as an enemy at this point the
former Dutch special envoy to Syria
Nicholas Van Damme told Arty's
surffisher Bernard say that attempt to
take all the credit for defeating ISIL
only made simply for political gain at
home I think it's not any country that
really can claim that they have had the
victory because there are so many
countries involved in the fight against
- against the Islamic state
it is the Western alliance Arab
countries the Syrian regime the Iranians
the Hezbollah so to claim it I think
it's a political statement that the
politician wants to claim that he or she
is the main responsible for winning from
the eyes and it has been a process of
various years
