Japan South Korea and the United States
are all currently holding joint military
drills it's a display of force that the
trio are hoping won't go unnoticed by
North Korea but just in case it does
Japan could be about to go a couple
steps further the country's military
considering whether to purchase
long-range missiles for as fighter jets
however that might breach Japan's own
policy of only acquiring defensive
weapons that is something that has been
enshrined in the country's constitution
since World War two so we asked people
on the streets of Tokyo how they feel
about their country's latest military
maneuvering I think it's quite rational
it's not correct
I mean it's not the good thing you know
to buy a weapon and protect you know
spend money for that and we're not
supposed to have an inner defense that
those you know by law we're not supposed
to have and ocimum miracle even stopped
sora we have lots of procedures to go so
she's not serious to attack us I think
actually the sounds in like economy
yeah not defense matter I think we don't
really feel any kind of like real threat
in terms of North Korea but I think
there's some other threats as well limit
the escalating situation on the Korean
Peninsula un under-secretary-general
Jeffrey Feltman visited North Korea just
last week he stressed that the only
solution to the crisis is a diplomatic
one achieved through quote sincere
dialogue author and human rights
attorney Eric C rockin thinks Japan's
growing military muscle isn't helping to
ease tensions in the region
what we see is an alliance between Japan
and the United States which by itself
isn't a bad thing but what we always
fail to do is put ourselves in the shoes
of the North Koreans and the DPRK in
order to understand the historical
context for Japan has always been head
and head with North Korea there's always
an edge when you bring in Japan into the
Korean discussion and adding new weapons
and bringing the situation to a conflict
potentially between Japan and Korea that
have been at peace for so long but still
without a peace treaty have been at
peace for so long is only going to stir
up trouble
