protests in support of Palestine are
being held across the world crowds
gathered in Paris and Rome and across
the ocean and demos planned in New York
meanwhile an emergency session of the UN
Security Council was convened over
Washington's decision on Jerusalem and
during that meeting of the 15 members 14
were united against just one the u.s.
for nearly 70 years the city of
Jerusalem has been the capital of the
State of Israel despite many attempts by
others to deny that reality we regret
the US presidents decision Moscow met
Washington's decision with serious
concern these decisions are unhelpful to
the prospects for peace in the region
our actions reflected an honest
assessment of reality it is fueling
tensions and increasing instability in
an already volatile and turbulent region
our actions are intended to help advance
the cause of peace the stake is the
respect of international law and the
legitimate rights of each side at stake
is the legitimacy of the Security
Council Israel like all nations has the
right to determine its capital city
unilateral actions attempting to change
the status of Jerusalem respecting the
long existing foundation for settlement
of the israeli-palestinian issue
the United States took this step in full
knowledge that it will raise questions
and concerns whether it be this is a
dangerous precedent this meeting
reflects fear / repercussions of the
unilateral decisions that run counter to
and threaten the system of political
relations the United States will not be
lectured to by countries that lack any
credibility when it comes to treating
both Israelis and Palestinians fairly
however the US envoy to the United
Nations who just saw their nikki Haley
attacked the UN itself and accused the
global body of being biased against
Israel over many years the United
Nations has outrageously been of the
world's foremost centres of hostility
towards Israel the UN has done much more
damage to the prospects for Middle East
peace than to advance them we will not
be a party to that the United States no
longer stands by when Israel is unfairly
attacked in the United Nations foreign
ministers of the Arab League countries
are holding an urgent meeting on the
Jerusalem issue some of them have
already called for recognition of the
State of Palestine with East Jerusalem
as its capital that's in retaliation for
Trump's decision writer and political
commentator abidor s keen joins us live
on the line now very good evening to you
having door Trump's decision on
Jerusalem following that Israel's call
from the nation's to recognize it but if
we look at what happened at the UN
Security Council meeting very little
support if any at all there do you think
any countries will eventually back up
the u.s. some are countries already
approached the Israel they want to move
the embassies but you see you see the
matter is not whether another five
countries will move their embassies to
Jerusalem the matter is that we are here
for already 70 years all our government
institutions are in Jerusalem and if
anybody opens the Bible well they will
find it since the time of David
David Jerusalem was the capital of
Israel and if you go back to Abraham he
was promised by that those who will
bless you will be blessed and the curses
you will be cursed so anybody who wants
to make the choice will make his choice
this is the choice because the choice is
actually not just a matter of capital of
Israel the choice is whether the people
want to respect history culture theology
and whether they want to respect their
own promises well the president Trump
respects his word he promised to move
the embassy he promised to recognize
Jerusalem and he does it and he's a it's
very good example for other people to be
loyal to closest allies Israel
appreciates it deeply what I want also
to mention listen just today another
human rights organizations gave the data
on Syrian conflict four hundred sixty
five thousand people murdered we can
continue to see what's happening in Iraq
in Yemen in Egypt in Libya well tell me
please where the Christians enjoy such
Liberty as in Israel where the
Christians are protected in the middle
in the Middle East unless we are talking
about Israel Israel is the prospering
country today Israel the country which
provides Christians Muslims and Jews
with absolute full rights in Jerusalem
and instead of appreciating it we get
some European countries and liberal
press stirring up the I prize here I
mean this is Western liberal press which
actually tries to portray what's
happening here as a major event the
rights were quite small irrelevant and I
want to assure you that what President
Trump did will rather contribute to
peace in the Middle East because those
Arab countries and those terrorist
forces and also by the way right
today in Jerusalem with - Isis flags
they will see now that the United States
is not going to support them as they
hope during the time of Obama when he
took this side of Muslim Brotherhood and
other let's say if not terrorist but
extreme radical organizations now
America will not support them anymore
it's very important sign it's very
important signal and Israel will of
course take initiatives towards peace
towards the improvement of living
conditions of our Arab neighbors which
is very important and the life here is
anything but what people can see on
liberal Western television channels it's
just not true look about what's
happening in the Middle East here is the
most peaceful place believe me the most
peaceful place
is Israel Jerusalem if you come here you
can see it yourself you say it's the
most peaceful place but wouldn't a US
embassy in Jerusalem be a target for
terrorism no on the contrary whenever
Israel made concessions like in 1993 or
withdrawal from Lebanon there were waves
of terrorism with thousands of people
killed here many many hundreds many many
hundreds and over thousands of people
will kill here why because they saw that
by pushing us they can accomplish
something now when they say that they
are not going to accomplish anything
they will start probably thinking about
their own lives how to make their lives
better in Israel and well for some
reason they understand that the life
here I'm talking about our adversaries
is much better they don't want to leave
either they want to live in Israel by
the way and Jerusalem is really very
peaceful place listen to compare any
date on Israel how many people killed in
any clashes in Israel during this year
compared it with Syria please compare it
with Iraq with any other Arab country
around you will find that Israel
respects human lives more than any other
car
on the earth we can prove it in a very
simple way
come here you can see talk to the people
and you know it's a place where peace is
in actually entrenched in the name
Jerusalem Jerusalem is the city of peace
and this will be eternal capital of the
Jewish state forever forever having to
appreciate you coming on writer
political commentator a big door
eschaton my guest
