Pakistan's Air Force has warned it will
shoot down any drones including American
ones if they violate the country's
airspace this comes two weeks after the
u.s. reportedly conducted an airstrike
on the country's border with Afghanistan
we will not allow anyone to violate our
airspace I have ordered the Pakistan Air
Force to shoot down drones including
those of the US if they enter our
airspace violating the country's
sovereignty and territorial integrity
Pakistani officials add a US drone
attacks have done significant harm since
2004 almost a thousand civilians are
believed to have been killed by strikes
including around 200 children we spoke
to Sultan halia Pakistan Air Force Group
Captain
he believes that Islam events attitude
to Washington is changing in the near
past the United States has been playing
a good cop bad cop game with Pakistan
one official says something positive the
other gives strong threats in the past
the drones have been attacking targets
in Pakistan earlier it was perhaps with
the tacit approval of the Government of
Pakistan but in the past couple of years
the government of Pakistan has not
provided any such approval the United
States should actually consider and
weigh its options because it has been
using Pakistan as an ally and if it
wants to turn against Pakistan it will
be detrimental to the peace in the
region
meanwhile Pakistan's Air Force chief has
questioned whether America's
long-standing military engagement in the
region is even helpful Sohail Armen also
slammed Washington's track record on
promoting democracy abroad no outside
power can engineer a democracy inside a
country nor is democracy the solution to
every problem examples in Iraq and Libya
are in front of us after the fall of
Gaddafi and Saddam what happened in
these countries did they get democracy
it is a Syria currently and of course
Yemen Afghanistan Iraq all these
countries they have lost stability and
they
are in serious problems in fact at the
moment there are some scribes in the New
York press or in the Washington press
who are predicting that if Pakistan
doesn't toe the line of the United
States of America a Syria like situation
may be created over here because
Pakistan cannot allow its territory to
be used by others to engineer in the
name of democracy any farcical moves
which will destabilize the country
