hysteria over Trump Russia collusion is
ramping up again reports in the US media
citing an anonymous source say Russia's
equivalent to Facebook got in touch with
team Trump it's claimed they offered to
promote his candidacy among
russian-speaking Americans during the
election parties Jacqueline fuga
investigates no news is good news but
Russian news is always breaking news no
matter how shaky the connection that
explosive information comes from
anonymous sources familiar with email
sent by the British publicist Rob
Goldstone he's the guy who arranged the
infamous Trump jr. meeting with a
Russian lawyer back in June of 2016
CNN issued an exclusive report saying
those emails are the first indication
there was any follow-up after that
meeting and that follow-up centers
around what Goldstone allegedly referred
to as a cute marketing idea scandalous
here's what happened the director of
partnership marketing at VK Russia's
equivalent to Facebook hit up team Trump
to set up a page on their website to
appeal to Russian Americans before the
election finally The Smoking Gun right
and the network confirmed they made an
offer to Trump just like they did to a
bunch of other popular people we
welcomed international celebrities
joining our social network we invited
Donald Trump to create a VK account like
many other celebrities but the media all
but pushed those facts to the side
choosing instead to focus on the young
VK exec himself when outlets said the VK
manager represented a new point of
direct contact between an influential
Russian and advisors to trump not really
sure if influential is the way to
classify this guy however
the media are also pointing out that the
VK executive has taken photos of Trump
and at a separate event snapped one with
President Putin well apparently that
didn't impress the Trump team they
didn't reply to the network's request we
never received a reply from Donald
Trump's representatives it is absolutely
ludicrous and it is part of the nature
of how our media has covered this entire
story for this entire year and planned
to continue to do for months and months
and months as long as it keeps their
ratings elevated because it's Russia
that's why this is so exciting to the
media and a way for them to stir up a
story that is absolutely basis and yet
another one of hundreds and hundreds of
stories that have been and will continue
to be nothing but sensationalism and
Russia phobia
