Rayleigh jets have hit Palestinian
militant targets in the Gaza Strip in
response to rocket attacks this is
according to Israeli Defense Forces
Palestinian medics report at least 25
injured I 24 News correspondent Shai
ben-ari is in Gaza force we have
witnessed that idea of response hitting
targets inside the Gaza Strip just
behind me here on the horizon we could
see very large explosions this in
response to earlier projectile fired
towards Israel with the one rocket
actually being intercepted by Israel's
missile defense battery ayran dome over
the city of starett that's a little to
the north of here and in fact there was
an additional projectile also fired
towards Israeli territory that it's yet
to actually have been found and a little
while after that around 9 o'clock local
time we did see that a response from the
idea hitting two targets belonging to
Hamas hitting a weapons warehouse inside
the Gaza Strip as well as a Hamas
training facility
