an uninhabited land mine strewn desert
on the eastern border of Iraq is not the
first place you might think of setting
up a business but the rewards could be
rich as arty is eager standoff reports a
lifeless desert hundreds of kilometers
away from the nearest big city it used
to be as close to the middle of nowhere
as you could get now thousands of people
take shifts here digging for black gold
but it's not just oil buried under sand
and rock here there are mines as well
the whole area was booby-trapped back in
the 80s during the iraq-iran war in just
the past few years some 25,000 mines
have been disarmed and extracted the
number is staggering in itself yet no
one knows how many more are still
scattered around the demining effort is
still ongoing in fact not even a quarter
of the site territory has been cleared
yet what this means you stick to
designated driveways like this one and
anywhere else is off-limits like for
example anywhere beyond this road even
the hills over there are still ridden
with bombs bhadra doesn't even come
close to being rocks largest operation
but the size of it is very much
irrelevant here that's because it's all
part of an exemplary multinational skill
exchange platform uniting Iraq South
Korea Malaysia Turkey and led by Russian
energy giant Gazprom neft
on the one hand bhadra is a large scale
program on the other hand it is one of
the most difficult petroleum projects in
the Middle East region the wells are
really deep therefore only highly
technological methods can be implemented
we solve this problem and that proves
the high development level of our
company by building a gas plant we
firstly met the ecological challenge and
secondly we ensure the full recycling of
petroleum gas which is produced along
with oil in this field all of this
requires a lot of manpower of course
some foreign workers are employed and
brought in
for the de-mining operation but many are
locals Bhadra has created vital jobs for
villages around the site Eagers danav
from Bhadra in Iraq our tea
