well Jerusalem is considered sacred by
Jews Muslims and Christians the Jewish
quarter of the city is home to the
Western Wall the last remnant of the
second Jewish temple which was destroyed
by the Romans the city is also home to
the shrine of the Dome of the rock the
oldest Islamic Monument still in
existence and also the al-aqsa mosque
the third holiest site in Islam well the
city is at the very heart of the
decades-long conflict between the
Israelis and also the Palestinians
Israel calls Jerusalem its eternal
capital a claim most of the
international community rejects though
and because of the dispute no countries
have an embassy there the western part
of the city is predominantly Israeli and
the eastern part Palestinian the holy
sites there a particularly sensitive
issue - and when threatened there's
often been unrest and violence
well European leaders and the UN were
also quick to voice their concerns
calling Washington step radical with
more details his Maria finocchiona
in Paris Berlin Trump's controversial
decision to recognize Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel has got a lot of angry
reaction including here in Europe
france's President Emmanuel McCune has
condemned the recognition this is what
the French leader has to say this is a
regrettable decision which France does
not approve of and which contradicts
international law and UN Security
Council resolutions Germany has also
condemned the decision with its foreign
minister warning that it will not come
the conflict between Israel and
Palestine but rather it fuels it even
more the EU's foreign policy chief has
expressed serious concerns over the
decision as well it is very fragile
context and the announcement has the
potential to send us backwards to even
darker times than the ones we are
already living in the UK's Prime
Minister has joined those theory in
Trump's decision will deteriorate the
situation in this troubled region saying
it's unhelpful in terms of prospects for
peace in the region and this is the
opinion that Russia also shares
we've heard from the Russian Foreign
Ministry that it doesn't promote
progress in talks and the ministry has
also added that the Russia's position is
to recognize the eastern part of
Jerusalem as the capital for future
Palestinian state while the western part
of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel's
you remember East Jerusalem including
the old city was taken by Israel are
following the six-day war back in 1967
but it was never internationally
recognized as part of Israel so as you
can see a lot of reaction a lot of anger
and confusion and now we know that on
Friday the United Nations Security
Council is going to have an emergency
meeting following the request from eight
out of 15 Member States to discuss
Donald Trump's decision and its
legitimacy
