in a move that has been met with
worldwide condemnation the US president
has announced Washington will officially
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel Donald Trump also said the
American Embassy will be moved from Tel
Aviv to the ancient city which has long
been contested by Israel and Palestine
huge protests broke out in the Muslim
world upon the news therefore I have
determined that it is time to officially
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel yeah these are pictures of how
parts of the Muslim world reacted to
Trump's decision mass protests breaking
out in the West Bank Turkey and Lebanon
Trump is also facing a backlash from
other leaders who say the move is
detrimental and could have terrible
consequences for peace in the region no
one has the right to play with the face
of billions of people for the sake of
one's personal ambitions ignoring the
Palestinian Muslim and Christian rights
in Jerusalem will only fuel further
extremism and undermine the war against
terrorism they cannot oppose people's
feelings and beliefs this is a new type
of adventurism and global arrogance of
the US
King Salman made our position clear
during his telephone conversation with
President Trump Saudi Arabia's policy of
regarding the Palestinians will never
change the Palestinian issue is a
primary concern to us
we warned the u.s. that Jerusalem may
stay Arab we've warned of the
consequences that would occur in case
the US and president Trump took this
decision which will damage US relations
with the Arab nations
Jerusalem considered a holy site by
Christians Jews and Muslims is not
recognized as the Israeli capital by
most of the international community no
country in the world at this moment has
an embassy to Israel in Jerusalem that's
despite the country's government being
based there and Israel's own claim that
the ancient city is its capital Journal
is covering the region Jordan and Miller
and Mohammed Al Qasim spoke to us and
how the Palestinian and Israeli
leadership have reacted to Washington's
move well soon after US President Donald
Trump concluded his speech President
Mahmoud Abbas in a televised speech and
angry speech to be honest with you
condemned the decision by the US
president and criticized this decision
saying that Jerusalem will forever be an
Arab and the capital of the Palestinian
future state and no one can change its
identity these deplorable and
unacceptable measures deliberately
undermine all these efforts and proclaim
that the US are abandoning the role of
sponsor of the peace process the day of
played over the past decade there has
been minor clashes throughout the West
Bank and in fact we've heard that there
has been some demonstrations in East
Jerusalem there will be general strike
and calls for days of Rage they've heard
also reports of demonstrations in Amman
Jordan and also an Ankara the capital of
Turkey in front of the US Embassy as
well as demonstrations of 300 Turks in
front of the US consulate in Istanbul
wide contamination throughout the Middle
East and the Muslim world with the
decision that President Donald Trump
took by moving the embassy from the city
of Tel Aviv in Israel to Jerusalem as
well as announcing that Jerusalem is the
capital of Israel I have to say that
really across the political spectrum
here Israeli lawmakers and the majority
of the public here support this move the
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu put
out a statement on YouTube this is a
historic day the president's decision is
an important step towards peace
for there is no peace that doesn't
include Jerusalem as the capital of the
State of Israel
you went on to call this a just and
courageous decision and he called on
other countries to follow suit now it
doesn't look at this moment like many
other countries will follow suit overall
this is a decision that Israelis have
been praising now if we look at the
Israeli Arab lawmakers of course very
different reaction there the head of the
major party here that serves in the
Israeli Knesset releasing a statement
saying that Trump is a quote hater that
he is not interested in any kind of
peace between Israelis and Palestinians
by making because he's made this kind of
move which really destroys he said the
chances for peace
