hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report you know America doesn't have a
government anymore that's right it's all
frickin corporations let's talk to Stacy
Stacy max you know The Washington Post
says democracy dies in darkness The
Washington Post also happens to be owned
by Jeff Bezos who is now worth 100
billion dollars
not since the days that the Biltmore
Estate here in North Carolina was built
by the Vanderbilt family has such wealth
amassed to one individual in America
Amazon his company is also seeking to
build at second headquarters somewhere
in the United States and the most vile
situation of democracy is dying not in
darkness but in open for all the world
to see the City Hall
brought to you by Amazon this is a
headline from The Seattle Times and as
Danny West meet wrote this and he says
the review of some of the bids to woo
Amazon's HQ to to other cities and
states shows us not all about the money
in some cases democracy itself is a
bargaining chip they are offering up
we're gonna go through these details but
they're offering up the taxes collected
by the city to Amazon to disperse as it
wishes in that city or that locality so
here he's saying there's a perfect
freeze for the guy who owns the
Washington Post where he's saying
democracy dies in darkness here he's
saying democracy itself is now a
bargaining chip in order to get Jeff
Bezos to bless your city yeah well this
is a troubling trend of corporatism
corporations fusing with what's left of
government to create a dystopian
nightmare for anyone who's not a
corporate insider and in the case of
Amazon they are approaching this
Minister
penalty's the same way the prison
industry is approaching these
municipalities remember the prison
industry promises to give all kinds of
benefits to these municipalities in
taking costs off their balance sheet but
in return the municipality has to
guarantee 98% occupancy of the prisons
that is to say the municipality then
tells its sheriffs and officers go
arrest people to fill the prisons
whether they're guilty or not because
that's the deal we made with a private
prison operator like corrections corps
of America which is rebranded as
something else now we've got jeff bezos
coming into the picture approaching
these municipality these municipal
leaders these government officials like
crack and these cracker going it's jeff
st. disgusting of course because you
think America would be run by something
other than crack but that's the way it
is baby well it's definitely in a futile
sort of system what you're seeing here
is a feudal system where the serfs are
like casting themselves in front of the
Lord oh lord have me I will fight for
you just give me some potatoes this
month and I'll fight for you here we're
gonna see the shocking details of what
is going on with Amazon pitching for
their HQ - lord knows how long they're
gonna like what this is going to
escalate to here these are the opening
bids that the Seattle Times looks at but
here's a great quote from him there's a
rising worry about corporations are
taking over America but after reviewing
a slew of the bids by cities and states
wooing Amazon's massive second
headquarters
I don't think take over quite captures
what is going on more like surrender so
this is a shocking thing to think of
here's again you have to read it
reiterate that this guy who owns the
Washington Post Washington Post says
democracy dies in darkness again it's
happening bright in front of your
frickin face bright blue sunshine that
we have right here in Durham North
Carolina it's happening right here he
promised details I'm going to go into
the details I don't think Durham is one
of the cities that is a pitching
so grotesquely for it oh you're the
details I want to hear the unseemly
details of this takeover so Amazon last
month
you know they announced we're looking
for headquarters 2.0 right they already
have one headquarters so they're looking
to hire 50,000 employees at this
headquarters and they've received 238
pitches
only 30 of them have been made available
to researchers to journalists so those
30 amply demonstrate our capitulation to
corporate influence in politics there's
a new wave in which some City Hall seem
willing to go beyond just throwing money
at Amazon
they're turning over the keys to
democracy for example Chicago has
offered to let Amazon pocket 1.3 2
billion dollars in income taxes paid by
his own workers this is truly perverse
called a personal income tax diversion
the workers must still pay the full
taxes but instead of the state getting
the money to use for schools roads or
whatever Amazon would get to keep it all
instead so you know
okay so Amazon's taxing people Amazon is
taxing those 50 thousand employees the
income tax that they paid to the state
but they get to collect it not not the
city right the Amazon's taxing people
yeah the corporation is taxing people
Amazon is taxing their own employees
yeah ok
but essentially Amazon not the
government is taxing applying attacks
yes we saw this with Obamacare the
pharmaceutical and drug companies you
saw this company yeah yeah the
corporation's we're allowed to tax
people individually something called
Obamacare so now corporations are
levying taxes on on people no taxation
without representation where's my
representation on Amazon stock unless I
get a commensurate share of Amazon stock
to participate in the growth of this
corporate takeover
I'm under no obligation to fulfill this
jihad from Jeff Bezos this is really
that's tyranny but yes tyranny we would
allow King George King
sorry he's gonna marry some American
woman they're gonna try to take over
America through the back door of their
spawn committee representation this
tyranny so it gets worse than that
Chicago's bid so they look at Fresno
Fresno is even more grotesque and how
they're kneeling before the Lord Bezos
asking Lord Bezos please shine your look
upon us don't avert your gaze from our
ugliness well but the most far-reaching
offers from Fresno California that city
if half a million isn't offering any tax
breaks instead it has a novel plan to
give Amazon special authority over how
the company's taxes are spent
Fresno promises to funnel 85% of all
taxes and fees generated by Amazon into
a special fund that money would be
overseen by a board half made up of
Amazon officers half from the city
they're supposed to spend the money on
housing roads and parks in and around
Amazon by the way you know that railroad
of course that was the last time a burn
that's the last time you had the robber
barons Vanderbilt built that big giant
Biltmore Estate here it's amazing to see
it but here um you know that was the
last time you saw the Vanderbilts had
you know they kicked everybody out of
the city of the all the locality around
where they built their estates they got
to get mayor's and and people writing
walls here and you know altering the way
the state runs here they're doing the
same thing so they would put these
officers from Amazon on the board of the
tax authority in this Fresno California
and Amazon would get to decide
and I'm gonna go and I want your
response to that but there's some gross
gross quotes coming up from Fresno
officials about this yes and the huge
monopolies that were in America yeah
Teddy Roosevelt come along the trust
buster and he broke up these huge
monopolies and you know the the oil
industry was broken up of course and and
people were thinking maybe Donald Trump
could be a similar figure in American
history to break up these monopolies you
know maybe you were hoping yes there
still could be on the on the car just
still early early days but you know he
should start to step in and break up
these monopolies but remember a lot of
these people who say they want jobs
working for Amazon are looking forward
to an Amazon can deliver via drone
pharmaceuticals and their opiates so
these are drug addicts we're thinking oh
my god I'll let my municipality do
whatever I want with my future my
country my life my kids and as long as I
get drone delivery of heroin from Jeff
Bezos I'm happy with it remember Jeff
Bezos owns Washington Post democracy
dies in darkness that is driven by a
quote hashtag the resistance the
resistance wants Amazon Google YouTube
Twitter Facebook all these tech giants
they want them to determine what is they
want them to get determine what is
speech that is good they want them to
determine what is the media that is
accessible what should the peasants the
the people of Fresno be able to read or
see so it's part of the same story but
here the pitch that Fresno gave to
Amazon come to us come to us Lord bozos
write the proposal shows a park with a
sign this park brought to you by Amazon
with a company smiling arrow corporate
logo quote the community fund projects
would give Amazon credit for the funding
of each project the proposal says the
potential negative impacts from a
project will be turned into positives
giving Amazon credit for mitigating it
yeah well like I mean just look at where
this all ends up look at Great Britain
for example once you leave the Dominion
of Buckingham Palace and you're out in
the Shires you know put toothless drunk
people that's where it's going to happen
to America it's just going to be Seattle
Washington just
those Castle a lot of toothless drunk
people who can't afford health care who
are looking for some free smack
delivered by drone by this fricking
kleptocratic so when this journalist
from the Seattle Times went to the
economic development director of Fresno
to ask what the heck is this proposal
about here's what the economic director
of Fresno said quote rather than the
money that the the taxes and fees of
Amazon to the city rather than the money
disappearing into a civic black hole
Amazon would have a say on where it will
go he told the Los Angeles Times not for
the fire department on the fringe of
town but to enhance their own investment
in Fresno so all those the Schmucks on
the edge of town not close to the Lord
not close to the castle it becomes like
the closer you are to the court the more
free goods you get from the peasants of
that fringe of town
right the civic black hole that's crazy
that's tyrannical that's like saying the
constitutional black hole the Bill of
Rights black hole the all things
American black hole that's saying that
America is a giant black hole in a South
the black hole from outer space but it's
Jeff Bezos sphincter that is the black
hole that these municipal leaders are
crawling up trying to eat the peanuts
out of his fecal matter a lot of people
say why do I mention fecal matter on
this show so often because the situation
is so fricking disgusting with these
corporations taking over America and all
we get by the pushback is give us more
free crack it's disgusting
well fecal matter leads us into the
second half I staying for the second
half because it goes with this first
half I've got a story for you and
actually it has something to do with
frequent matter I can hardly wait don't
go away
much more coming your way stay right
there
welcome back to the Kaiser report on max
Kaiser let's get back to discussion at
hand
Stacy Herbert what's going on tell us
continue so you ended on what should be
a really gross topic that does not get
discussed on financial news
but you mentioned fecal matter and that
actually does have something important
to do with this system where we have
this hundred billion dollar heir Jeff
Bezos taking over democracy being
offered up the keys to democracy across
the United States in order for him to
bring the second headquarters for Amazon
around the United States of the keister
of democracy yes so here is a story from
the news this past week hookworm a
disease of extreme poverty is thriving
in the u.s. south why children playing
feet away from open pools of raw sewage
drinking water pumped beside cracked
pipes of untreated waste human feces
flushed back into kitchen sinks and
bathtubs whenever the rains come people
testing positive for hookworm an
intestinal parasite that thrives on
extreme poverty these are the findings
of a new study into endemic tropical
diseases not in places usually
associated with them in the developing
world the sub-saharan Africa and Asia
but in a corner of the richest nation on
earth Alabama so here you have hookworm
that is coming from the feces of open
sewage raw sewage being pumped you know
basically in Alabama a lot of places are
do not have a public sewage system
not counting the places like Jefferson
County Alabama where a JPMorgan got
involved with that racket of that
overpriced sewage system which
bankrupted the county these are places
outside of public sewage systems where
people can't afford the $15,000 to have
their own sewage system installed so
there's open sewage being poured right
into the open like you know you hear in
parts of India for example right now
this is what happens in a purely
anarcho-capitalist corporate led
dystopian American jihad by financial
terrorists who are in Flint Michigan
forcing people to drink the water from
the pipes developing all kinds of
diseases that's in the north yes lead in
the water they have the the fracking
industry where people can light their
water on fire in their home causing all
kinds of diseases in Alabama they're
forcing people to swim in fecal matter
they in other words they live in a bit
like a slurry like a pig slurry on a pig
farm in North Carolina
sometimes it overflows during a storm
and this main stream is dominated by a
sludge and pig slurry comes down like a
tsunami of poop now in Alabama people
live in a tsunami of poop they're forced
to live in their own slurry they're
walking around in a way that would be
completely unacceptable in any country
in any state and any municipality that
has any thought of being dignified in
any human way and yet this is what we
expect now in America yeah but in it
ruins as the article points out economic
potential because hookworm is an
intestinal disease it's causes lethargy
you know typically lower aspiration like
you don't succeed as well you don't do
as well the second test it's in your
intestines and it stops you of your
energy yes I can jamie dimon live yes
he's a parasite he losing the any
intestines of the American financial
system depriving of a vitality that's
why bitcoin was invented to kill the
Jamie diamonds of the world now we've
got people who have their intestines are
infiltrated and infected with parasites
like little Jamie diamonds running
around the little intestines and they're
lethargic they can't work and it could
multi-generational and you've got a
whole new generation of the walking dead
the walking zombies so that a few
corporations can build rocket ships to
Mars because Jeff Bezos wants to buy
real estate on Mars so that he can buy a
solid 24 karat gold toilet bowl that he
can take care of his fecal matter with a
golden toilet bowl so people have been
but I've got to eat each other's fecal
matter and die but why because this
guy's a tyrannical anti-american creep
now why don't we at the reported here on
this network why isn't Rachel Maddow
talking about it why is an MSNBC talking
about because JP Morgan buys the
advertisements on Rachel Maddow Show so
that she doesn't talk about it just
bought fricking Washington Post the Koch
brothers financed to take over Time
magazine yeah so now this study was done
by Baylor University and Katherine
flowers of Alabama Center for Rural
Enterprise so here's a quote from
Katherine flowers from acre as they call
it looking at this situation remember
hookworm is caused by sewage the raw
sewage and most of it comes through the
your feet basically people walking
through it and the hookworm gets in
there and basically then ruins your life
so she says about the fact that this
exists and about the Oleg our key the
Neo feudal system we have of all these
billionaires who buy so much great
publicity on the likes of Rachel Maddow
Show in The Washington Post the likes of
Bill Gates the philanthropist the guy
who's like giving away his billions
Warren Buffett they're helping all the
people of Africa and Asia and blah blah
blah well here he says our billionaire
philanthropists like Bill Gates fund
water-treatment around the world but
they don't fund it here in the US
because no one acknowledges that this
level of poverty exists and the richest
nation in the world because nobody in
the Washington Post or maître matter
show will want to cover the fact that
the poverty exists right here in your
own backyard this can explain a lot more
about what's happening
in our political system our own economy
stupid then somewhere overseas that's
right they don't want to cover it nobody
covers it it's extreme poverty it's
right here in America's backyard people
are dying from intestinal you know
failure due to parasites that are right
there there's no infrastructure and
they've been sacrificed like the fact is
like the people and they're being
sacrificed they're being killed they're
being imprisoned for a buck so you can
make money in America if you're willing
to engage in Holocaust a corporate
Holocaust these people are being
murdered by the million for a buck
that's the bottom line you're going half
and light and half out of camera men
into onto the south we just try to sound
man so I want to turn to another thing
about this problem so here you have the
situation where these people are living
in open sewage and why is it also not
being addressed this is a you know a
part of the prison industrial complex as
you've mentioned because they talked to
one guy whose family his cousin lives
there and they have an open sewage
situation and you know they're you know
they have this gross problem of the no
sewage he added that people were afraid
to report the problems given the spate
of criminal prosecutions that were
launched by Alabama state between 2002
and 2008 against residents who were open
piping sewage from their homes unable to
afford proper treatment systems one
grandmother was jailed over a weekend
for failing to buy a septic tank that
cost more than her entire annual income
so this is a loans County Alabama by the
way this is a county that if you're
looking at the map to the right is
Montgomery and right to the left is some
so it's like an important sort of civil
rights story this is where you know Jeff
Sessions the Attorney General it hails
from this is a situation where there
you're forced to have the septic system
that costs more than your annual salary
or you go in prison where some private
contractor private prison company
collects fifty thousand bucks for a year
for you to be there yeah okay I mean
this is a destruction of an entire
population for a corporation as far as a
corporatist which is a nice way to say
fascist you know over overthrow of
America now those people live in a
fascist country run by neo-nazis that's
that's a that's a fair statement to say
there are other parts of the country
like San Francisco Seattle New York that
live in the Bronto Reagan city on a hill
that's a different country but these
people are living in a holocaust hell
for a buck and their lives aren't worth
the fecal matter that they're pooping
out according to the local municipal
leaders yeah I mean I also want to add
you know that here we have a situation
that this is the entirety of this
episode is the first half Jeff Bezos was
to open a new headquarters people are
throwing him like billions of dollars I
think New Jersey offered something like
four billion here they they're they're
not willing to give 600 bucks to deliver
a sewage system to thousands of citizens
hundreds of thousands of citizens that
live there well they're gonna start a I
predict a public service announcement in
Alabama it's gonna be on TV it's going
to be extolling the virtues of eating
fecal matter for nutritional value
they're gonna sell it as a freeze-dried
product you can buy in your local
grocery store and you're gonna say ain't
this great I'm eating Jeff Bezos and I
love it
because it's keeping me
I love America sad but true
actually you can sell fuel matter
there's a big market for it because of
this new theory that has some vehicle
model transplant yeah yeah you can do it
fecal matter I told a lot of people
about this I we've had our fecal mouth
transplanted married couples do but
anyway so again we have a system where
the rise in wealth and income gap a guy
with a hundred billion dollars here at
the bottom people are earning fifteen
thousand dollars and can't afford a
sewage system and that deprives them and
their children of the ability to even
advance further to become ever
competition for Jeff Bezos to
disintermediate that because so they
should have dog parks for people people
can go into the park and poop and they
get the bags to pick up your poop from
your and then use dispose of it this way
you need coop bags for people in the dog
park walking through people that's the
solution I mean Jeff Bezos could sell
the bags on Amazon he can sell the
service on Amazon it's poop as a service
and it'll be Jeff Bezos will start on
Amazon you go to the park in the park
and you get an Amazon bag and you pick
up your poop and then he set it to like
just say some bio you know engineered
fuel reprocessing plant to flogged and
I'll feel your car I would money I would
democracy dies in darkness but Max
Keiser dies and like I'm firing
everybody you have to move into the
darkness so that you're in the anyway
it's time to wrap it up anyways actually
say goodbye and and and tell the guests
that where they can find us all right so
where's the camera now right there well
that's gonna do it for this episode of
the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy her board like to thank our guests
Stacy Herbert do you know Regis on
Twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time bye
