a cryptocurrency Bitcoin has set another
record-breaking above the 12,000 dollar
mark for the first time I compare that
to where it was at the beginning of the
year when it was trading at about $1,000
per token and since then it's been
growing constantly albeit with a few
regular fluctuations here's just a quick
reminder of how Bitcoin works
right now before you will get mining
online hold your horses until we've
talked to Craig Elam he's the senior
market analyst at the foreign exchange
company oh and a Craig welcome to our
tea people were saying it was getting to
ridiculous levels when Bitcoin was in
the low thousands now it's broken the
12,000 barrier
how far can this go and what's the rise
down to
well I think that's the most difficult
question to answer with regards to
Bitcoin because it if you'd ask someone
a year ago how much further it can go
than those forecasts in 2000 would have
been seen as being unrealistic and yet
here we are at 12,000 so the problem
with that we've got with Bitcoin right
now and the thing that makes it so
difficult to value is that we've got a
combination of factors really driving
the price right now we're thing one of
course is the fundamental improvement
and it's argue you can't argue the fact
that these have existed including
recently the launching of Bitcoin
futures on the CBOE and CMA exchanges
which is due to come into force in the
next two weeks but the other stuff all
of the speculator in this and it's quite
clear that there's a lot of speculation
happening right now in Bitcoin people
have seen the meteoric rise which has
happened over the last 12 months in
particular and they want a piece of the
action and the problem is that that
makes this even harder to value in terms
of where it can go next year because
these bubbles can last a long time if
this is one but when it bursts it can be
quite disastrous but it's meteoric rise
hasn't exactly been without problems
either has it it's had some spectacular
falls along the way - it has had some
spectacular Falls along the way but I
don't think we've seen anything compared
to what could possibly happen at some
point in the future and again I'm not
suggesting that it will certainly happen
in the future and I'm not suggest a
can't even tell you where it will reach
before this happens because as we've
seen so often with bubbles and if this
is one then they can go on a lot longer
than people can remain solvent if you're
planning to for example go against the
trend the problem that we have here is
like say this is not a real thing here
this is a cryptocurrency this is just an
online virtual currency and therefore
and with it being such new technology
and not being overly widely adopted at
this stage it's very difficult to price
and that's why I think the speculative
aspect that this is the most concerning
and although for a lot of people it's
still going to be considered more of an
online casino game rather than anything
of real value it's still shaking things
up in currency markets isn't it
the underlying technology is sound and I
think that's an important point here
there were a number of crypto currencies
available as well and that's another
important point people many people right
now have only heard Bitcoin butters and
many others there's ripple there's a
theorem among hundreds of others and I
think this is another important point
here while bitcoin is most well-known
crypto currency it doesn't necessarily
suggest that it's going to last at one
point one stage Napster was the most
well known music streaming service and
then along came many others including
Spotify which now is the market leader
so I think I think what we have seen
here over the last 10 years or so is the
opening up of a new form of exchange and
that's why more people are most excited
about the blockchain technology behind
Bitcoin more so than Bitcoin itself but
right now you wouldn't guess that
considering the price so then you think
there's a danger because there are
several different types of crypto
currencies doing doing the rounds that
one day Bitcoin might just disappear
it's certainly a possibility if the
technology that's underlying it gets
improved and gets adopted by an
alternative cryptocurrency then there's
certainly the potential for a Bitcoin to
disappear one day we've seen a number of
what's called Forks where people take
the technology improve upon it or what
they believe to be improving upon it and
create an alternative cryptocurrency
there for example Bitcoin cash is one of
these there's a number of other folks
planned even for later on this month
there's a number of other crypto
currencies that go by a different name
and we're yet to see governments and
regulators truly get involved in this
and this is where one are going to be
one of the biggest challenges for
something like Bitcoin because the
bigger it gets the bigger problem it
becomes for governments and this is
something that they can't control like
they can their own currencies yeah I
don't know if you're mining for any
bitcoins I still have trouble
remembering PIN numbers for now though
craig Earlham from our and our thanks
very much for joining us
