opportunities to prevent a number of
recent terror attacks in both Manchester
and London were missed according to a
new report carried out for the UK
government looking across all this
forest in London is artis poly boyfriend
this book whanau poly hi what have we
learned from this report well this is
come yes from this independent report
that was carried out by the UK Home
Office and it was basically looking at
how well the security services did their
job in the run-up to the string of
attacks that took place in the UK terror
attacks over the past year and one of
the things that's found one of the big
headlines is that three of the six
attackers that they were looking at were
on mi5 s radar and perhaps more
worryingly the report concludes that the
attack by Salman Abady on Manchester
Arena which killed 23 people among them
there were many children as young as 8
years old well with hindsight this
report says that that attack could have
been preventable and this is a quote
from the report it's as it could have
been preventable had the cards fallen
differently take a look at what did take
place though
and to give you an idea of the degree to
which how on the radar this the
perpetrator of this attack was of the
security services there was going to be
a meeting scheduled to discuss whether
or not his surveillance should be
increased but that was nine days after
he carried out that bombing of
Manchester Arena now the report also
says that mi5 denies that they could
have prevented this attack and all this
has coincided with another piece of news
that's making big headlines here at the
moment and that's that two men have been
arrested they're now in court accused of
planning on bombing the entrance of two
Downing Street and then running in there
with knives and in a suicide suicide
vest with the intention of killing the
prime minister to resume so this is an
illustration of the sort of a level of
plots that the security services here
are dealing with take a listen to amber
Rudd the Home Secretary talking about
the severe threat level here in the UK
recently plots are developing more
quickly from radicalization to attack
and threats are becoming harder to
detect although a foiled plot is of
course much better than one that's been
carried out but in the run-up to
Christmas this increased threat level is
going to be weighing heavily on a lot of
people people's minds here all makes for
chilly reading doesn't it okay Polly
Boyka in London thanks very much for
updating us on that
