don't so will you run for the presidents
will you run for president sir in 2018
for any person it's a very responsible
decision
it takes a lot of responsibility yes you
know my deivam why because you
definitely to look at the motivation and
the motivation can only be to improve
the lives of people in this country to
make it stronger protected looking into
the future and to achieve those goals
when you have one condition that is met
when people but your trust and support
here she asked me very important
question and I have a question to you so
if I do take this decision will you and
people close to you will you support
this decision the crowd is chanting yes
do you understand that this decision has
to be taken very soon and it will be
taking very soon when considering it
we've definitely taken to account our
conversation your response thank you
