hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
if you trust the mainstream media well
then you're in the minority sadly a
great deal of media today is not
designed to inform but rather confirm
political biases this approach to the
news is not only polarizing but it's
also lowering journalistic standards
is this why readers and viewers seek
their news elsewhere
crosstalking the news I'm joined bomb
against Charles Hotel in New York he is
a private investor and a writer as well
as host of the podcast show Sunday with
Charles and in Williamsburg we cross to
Andrew Langer he is president of the
Institute for liberty as well as the
host of the Andrew Langer show on WBAL
in Baltimore alright gentleman crosstalk
rules in effect that means you can jump
in any time you want and I always
appreciate it Charles let me go to you
first I mean one of the reasons why I
wanted to do this program is the scandal
run Brian Ross over at ABC and of course
it was a horrific mistake and and the
perception is there that that wasn't
very good journalism and it's true
because he was getting ahead of himself
so so much of the media gets ahead of
itself not in reporting information but
to further their agenda and in the
process they're damaging journalism the
standards of journalism have dropped so
badly and in the Western world right now
and I would say we can talk about this
later in the program it's destroying
institutions that we used to cherish go
ahead Charles yeah I totally agree with
that I'm actually I started out as an
investment banker and about 10 years ago
I began exposing corporate fraud and
then charity fraud and I took the
scandal which has still not been
prosecuted the Clinton Foundation
scandal - Brian Ross threw a hit one of
his closest friends about about two
years ago and he refused to cover it I
did the same thing with Jake Tapper and
the same thing with Maggie Haberman the
New York Times and what I think you have
here is the established media needs to
preserve access to the established
political parties they're never gonna
take an assault as far as it needs to go
into the truth and that's so well put
there because there are so many things
you know we had this unmasking after the
election but nobody ever talks about
that we have we have the the Democrats
they did not allow access to the the DNC
server we know that the only the
Democrats and possibly the FBI was
paying for this raunchy dossier
there's nobody talks about that in the
mainstream media
pushed away because it doesn't further
their agenda and instead they go after
these myths with which I call a
conspiracy without a crime of course I'm
talking about Russia gate go ahead
Andrew well I've listened there are a
couple things that are going on here one
of the real problems I see is what we
call the 24 second news cycle
everybody is racing to be first with a
story they don't care particularly if
the story is right if the facts are
accurate they just want to be first to
the headline because they make their
money through whatever clickbait that
they can get and it's very difficult to
hedge against this and I think you're
absolutely correct there are certain
standards of journalism that simply
aren't being followed Ecch I've gone
down this road with journalists myself
journalists are not following their sort
of standard practices under journalistic
ethics or what-have-you
with regards to these other stories we
have to remember right is that it's not
just that journalists are like anybody
else but what we're finding more and
more is that we have journalists who
have no real intellectual curiosity
absalom no no real interest in sort of
delving further unless it's to pursue
some sort of an agenda you know we
talked we were talking before about this
Imran Ilan's story which is the story of
the IT director for some 80 Democratic
House members who was downloading
terabytes of data from the house
computers had access to the DNC
computers and yet there is one actual
reporter and then and then a couple of
other sort of writers who are writing on
this story out of Washington DC this is
a massive scandal
and and yet nobody is covering it
because for agenda reasons or because
they're just not curious about it you
know you know Charles we Charles we
already heard the word clickbait here
and I think that's very interesting is
that and this is what it's it's really
gotten down to is the to get clicks to
get eyeballs and and worry about it
later I mean we we saw this during that
last year's campaign where journalists
openly said well Trump is a very
different kind of candidate so we have
to relax on this my word relaxed our
journalistic rules I mean that is a very
slippery path okay either you have
principles or you don't
have principles and what and what
they're doing is since we're gonna treat
him differently as a result viewers and
readers are now seeing mainstream media
is not fulfilling those principles that
they say that they uphold go ahead
Charles yeah what I founded my
experiences with journalists and please
don't take this the wrong way but you
know most journalists are excellent with
words and hopeless when it comes to
understanding numbers very and what we
have since 1998-99 is an economic
realignment we're unregulated globalism
is growing to dominate even try to
dominate large markets like the United
States Europe etc and the proponents of
this unregulated globalism or
Republicans and Democrats and even
non-aligned people around the world why
because in this gigantic unregulated
global market you can make a lot of
money trading influence from you know
for various various ways and so people
are doing it on the campuses they're
doing it investment funds are doing the
banks they're doing it in the global
media complexes to understand this you
have to understand basic economics and
financial statements and you have to
know how to follow the money and these
journalists don't know how to do that I
think it's the next one you know Andrew
he said you know what I think we've seen
over the last 2025 years is that the
mainstream media is just the PR for the
establishment it's not news I mean I
because of my the nature of my job I
have to watch MSNBC I have to watch CNN
it's you know I sometimes I need a
bucket but you know I have to do it and
I don't learn anything I mean I don't
get my news from them I have my own
sources I put five or six hours every
single day seven days a week in learning
about news from people that I trust and
places that I can I can go that I can
trust okay but that I don't because all
I see is just advocacy for the
establishment for a liberal ideology for
globalism as Charles has mentioned here
and and I think that's intentional right
now okay I mean this is they they're
channeling all of this to keep this
narrative about the status quo and we do
know if we look at the last election the
two different parties we had an
insurgency with the Democrats
we had an successful insurgent with with
Trump and the Republicans I think the
establishment is terrified
and this is why the media needs to get
things back and that's why they're
moving towards censorship and we'll get
to that in the second part of the
program all of these things come
together
go ahead Andrew well that's it that's
exactly right they do flow one into the
other you have these issues where things
sort of step over the line into advocacy
and some of it has to do with not
wanting to damage the existing
relationships that are out there right
Maggie Haberman who went to the same
Angela story Maggie Haberman when do the
same high school as me you want to talk
about duplicitous Ness we were supposed
to appear on a panel together talking to
high school students and she had the the
gall to say she because she was a
journalist she wasn't going to appear on
a panel with me because I'm in the
advocacy world when in fact the bulk of
her so-called reporting is done from an
advocacy basis I mean I was I was sort
of floored by this and I said okay all
the more reason for her and I to appear
on a panel and no she wouldn't do it so
ya know I've been there okay I think
that's that's a really great story here
because that's that's what I come across
all of the time is that you know it's
it's really it's not news it is how to
deflect from your narrative would
protect your narrative and the people
that are protecting you okay I mean I
bought on television because of my
pretty face okay I'm on television for a
very different reason when I look at the
cable stations I think that it's more
they can read the the teleprompter
probably better than I can because I'm
awful lot of even after all these years
I mean that's what it is
I mean it's advocacy and at least you
know MSNBC is open about it and I
respect that and and Fox is is open
about and I respect that but everybody
else you know they like to pretend that
they're journalists they're not I mean
it's claptrap really what they're going
after go ahead Charles and one thing I
would say is that the where I get my
news in addition to you know your
channel in other places one of the best
sources for news I like is Zero Hedge
yeah calm and that that's it that's an
independent channel in Channel 4 News
that does a really good job of getting
out ahead of the curve yep not only with
analysis but providing you access to
source documents
another one is free republic calm both
do the same thing you know you have to
check and get check these facts double
check you know change your mind Charles
I think why wait around
you're absolutely Zero Hedge because you
going back to something you said earlier
they like numbers they understand the
economy and I really like the marriage
of news and economic news that they have
that's very well done okay Andrew you
wanted to jump in there go ahead yeah I
just want to talk about this
relationship between the establishment
and journalism and and nowhere is it
more clear than the one thing that
nobody seems to be talking about in this
whole Michael Flynn mess yeah which is
this issue of you know we know that the
FBI was listening in the conversation
with them between Flynn and ambassador
kis lyac we we know that they trap Flynn
with it later on what we don't know is
how and why the Washington Post got
their hands on that transcript except
this relationship between the
establishment the deep state and and you
know the so-called mainstream journalism
you know Charles II you know I find
we're gonna have one minute before we go
to the break here everybody likes to use
this word collusion you know and
technically in the legal sense it's not
illegal but all the collusion I see is
with the FBI with the media and a lot of
the the of course the Democratic Party
and its establishment that seems to be a
collusion I mean we could use the word
cabal or something like that but they're
in lockstep all of the time go ahead
Charles yeah I think it goes all the way
back it could go off as far back as 1989
it's a collusion a cooperation between
establishment wings of the Democrat
Republican Party to promote the
interests of the big defense contractors
big global media's big global banks etc
to obstruct the analysis in the in the
finding of the real truths that need to
be addressed it's a it's a it's a
gigantic long term many decades long I
would argue a conspiracy
well it's certainly been corrosive
alright gentlemen we're all gonna go
into a break here and after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
the news industry stay with our tea
okay like they introduce now for the
program mark Crispin Miller here in New
York he is a professor of media and
culture in communication at New York
University as well as author of the book
fooled again the real case for electoral
reform okay mark I understand you were
listening to a part of the first part of
the program and you already have a
reaction go ahead jump in yeah I do I
mean I I find the conversation that I
was able to hear really fascinating and
I agree with with pretty much all of it
I would simply comment that it does have
a slightly amnesiac quality I mean I was
pleased to hear I think it was Charles
traced this collusion that we're talking
about back to 1989
I think you know to be perfectly honest
what we're talking about here really
dates back at least to November 22nd
1963 I mean it was with the Kennedy
assassination and that the press jumped
wholeheartedly into the position of
ferocious advocate for the official
narrative of that historic
history-changing incident which which
they continued you know to promote to
this day I mean recently it was back in
the nose because of the delayed and
partial release of a number of documents
by the CIA and FBI they were supposed to
have released them a while ago due to a
law that was passed in the early 90s
after the release of Oliver Stone's film
I think the President Obama gave them a
pass let them not release them we don't
need to get into the weeds on this the
fact is it was back in the news now
we're talking about an official story
that some four-fifths of the American
people no longer believe you know and
something like 60% of the American
people now believe that the CIA was
involved in Kennedy's assassination 19
percent think that Lee Harvey Oswald did
it okay despite that
overwhelming majority to this day the
New York Times and CNN and NPR and The
New Yorker and all the rest of them all
the rent in you to flog that very dead
horse of you know the Warren Report yeah
but you know let me go to Andrew on this
here I mean I think that's a good
starting point there but then we have
the Pentagon Papers we had what happened
in Watergate and there was actually a
few moments of glory for journalism I
would say there and then it's all
downhill the illegal invasion of Iraq in
2003 and then we know and there's no
about prosecutions for what happened in
the in the great financial crisis of
2008 and it just goes on and now the
difference is the technology changes and
I think this is why the elites are
really they they're gonna do turning to
censorship absolutely they want to pull
this back in they want their monopolies
back they want their monopolies back for
exactly the reasons that Mark pointed
out to us and I think this is a very
interesting very dangerous time because
these people have a lot of power and
they don't like people like me and where
I work
go ahead Andrew well let me add to this
right because normally what you would
have is we would have independent
organizations they'd be going out there
and verifying and acting as a check on
whatever malicious fraudulent stories
are out there now we have this very
nebulous definition of fraud and
attorneys general all around the country
Eric Schneiderman New York Kamala Harris
in California who are using very weird
vague definitions of fraud to go after
these nonprofit organizations and go to
the heart of what they're doing it's
part of why folks are going after what
they call dark money from these
organizations and trying to get it who's
funding them because they can't attack
the veracity of what folks are saying so
what they're gonna do is they're trying
to try to say what they're saying is
fraudulent and then try to shut them
down I mean that's operation choke point
was something the government did that
was the pretext was to go after fraud
you had as I said Eric Schneiderman in
New York going after organizations
engaging in advocacy saying they were
engaging fraudulent behavior and so
that's the next sort of tactic in all
this you know but it's interesting
Charles I mean
I think it's really interesting what
Andrew just said there but is anybody
gonna really seriously take a look at
the Podesta brothers I mean you want to
look at we know what you ad fraud okay
what did you go to the center of it okay
I mean again it's a silence it's just
silence all the time you hear the
crickets in the background here I mean
if we want to go back to you know all of
the events since the election there is
so meant so much it would gala tea going
on the leaking the unmasking all of this
there's no interest in it whatsoever in
the mainstream media if you watch CNN
and MSNBC it's not it didn't even happen
I mean that's how dangerous things are
and then they talk about things you know
they talk about myth stand in a
unicorn's that's what I call Russia gate
go ahead Charles well the largest
unprosecuted fraud in history is going
on right now
that's the clinton foundation the obama
foundation creating these fake
foundations that are audited where
billions of dollars is sent towards
these foundations but not accounted for
where they're engaged in partisan
activities where they're enriching the
clinton family the obama family and all
of that is supported in the case of the
clinton foundation by the ivy league by
the big universities the endowed
universities who if the truck
ministration wanted to do this could be
put out of business i mean you could go
to a harvard which has support of the
clinton foundation and say listen you're
engaged in illegal enormous you're
donating to a charity that doesn't exist
we want to shut you down you're in a
before profit corporation technically
you could do that if you wanted to you
know you know mark it's really
interesting i mean III forgot one
interesting element in all of this i
used to be an academic and I was
basically hounded out because I can't I
just can't accept the political
correctness because the accepting
political correctness gets in the way of
doing real science and real scholarship
okay
because they want you to have blinders
okay that's not scholarship okay and
this is the the the role of the Academy
of universities I mean brainwashing
youth I mean it's amazing you pay so
much money to learn junk because that's
essentially what young people learn
Millennials learn junk at a very high
price tag go ahead mark yeah well that's
true I mean what we're talking about is
a moment at which both
the media and the universities have have
really kind of started tightening the
gag in a way this is a very very
dangerous moment and I want us to you
know focus directly on the issue you
raised a moment ago in your question
which is the you know tightening
censorship that we see going on all
around us it is it is successful in
large part because for decades both the
media and the Academy and you can
include high schools as well sure the
education establishment and the media
establishment have both long refused to
acquaint Americans to teach Americans to
let Americans think about and know about
the dark side of American history most
Americans are unaware of the real record
of the CIA and the FBI for example and
then there's the hold over of all the
years of intense anti-communism you know
that created a kind of sediment in the
mast mind on which now sure the press
has successfully built this sort of
demonic vision of contemporary Russia
which is exceedingly dangerous now now
what I find really unprecedented in in
my many years of observing all this is
that now we see a really zealous push
across the board to shut down free
expression of many many points of view
and and you know we see it with Google
changing its algorithms Facebook is now
you know basically limiting the number
of notifications one one can get we see
the same thing happening with Twitter
and YouTube we see legislation being
passed or considered that will outlaw
Russian propaganda whatever that is
that's not defined we see the criticism
of Israel and/or Zionism now labeled a
kind of hate crime and laws are being
passed to outlaw that then they're in
explicit means whereby discussion of
other inconvenient subjects is as good
as illegalized
I mean for example
vaccines you cannot question the
official verdict on vaccines ie that
they're all safe they're all necessary
there's no problem with any of them the
same with pizza gate
you mentioned the Podesta brothers it's
practically an arrest able offense even
to bring that subject up okay now on top
of this we have what you call political
correctness there's this kind of bizarre
fanatical fanatic ocean fanatic identity
politics its fanatical identity politics
that also make certain questions certain
subjects practically grounds for you
know it's already gone to the extreme
it's about pronouns now okay I'm afraid
to go to Canada and California well I
might use the wrong pronoun here and
rapidly running out of time
this whole mindset this cabal if you
want to call it that I mean they're
destroying institutions to destroying
principles alright and this is what I
find really really worrying because this
political correctness this gagging this
the the control of the mainstream media
they're not satisfying people's problems
they're not reaching they're not they're
not thinking about their problems okay a
better future for their children a
better job they all want to talk about
transgender toilets so it's not gonna
fix the country okay go ahead Andrew
well listen I don't want to say this you
know as someone who is an ardent
anti-communist who believes that Oswald
acted alone uu believes in vaccinations
who who believes I just want to say I
believe that that you know censorship is
a massive massive problem at any it sort
of attempts to censor speech is a
massive massive problem just want to say
so to differentiate myself with Mark but
to but to make it really clear that
there is that point of agreement you
know that being said right we you know
anything that serves to divide us and
divide us as a people makes it easier
for people to be controlled set people
against one another it's much much
easier for people to control them okay
Charles I'm going to give you the last
40 seconds on the program I really like
what Andrew had to say there because
this dividing conquer it's a it's a very
very risky strategy because
the people that are divided can't even
talk to each other anymore that's the
kind of environment do we live in that's
very very dangerous
go ahead Charles last word well I think
I'd like to close with some good news
and that is the horse long ago left the
barn the horse long ago left the barn
there are now millions of independent
thinkers in journalists courtesy of the
Internet there's a lot of information to
engage your mind around and the price
point for these establishment colleges
is is out-of-control high so the global
media is under assault the established
universities I think are under threat
and free minds around the world are
engaging and collaborating and I think
we're getting closer to the truth
not farther away I like what we end on a
good note we've run out of time
gentlemen many thanks to my guests in
New York and in Williamsburg and thanks
to our viewers for watching us here at
RT see you next time and remember
crosswalk rules
