we have to do it we erase the question
before our American kelex but the
International Society in relation to the
unprecedented oppression against the
Russian media by the United States and
the the US Secret Service's recently and
for a long period of time we had
mentioned the oppression the violations
of the media rights especially as
regards the Russia today who was that
was made to register as the foreign
agent and reveal its inside information
but the American officials are obsessed
with finding research a new form of
creating uncomfort atmosphere for our
journalists and you know besides legal
pressures the US authorities practices
less formal but perhaps according to
them more effective methods and recently
the Russian media in the United States
including the United States have been
facing quite a severe pressure by the
American Secret Service's namely the
attempts to recruit them these attempts
are multiple and have step-by-step
character it's about the so called
approaches to the focus of the Russian
state and non-state media they approach
are made to the Russian journalist and
the representatives of the editorial
boards of the Russian media I can you
know I cannot reveal the names of these
journalists and but I can describe four
particular cases
well first secret services offered
cooperation and it was made in a quiet
correct manner
without revealing the substance of this
calculation then receiving a plain
refusal they tried to bribe these
journalists then they came to
psychological pressure and me and then
two mere threats they broke into
personal space including at free times
and made similar approaches to the
members of the Jonas families who have
nothing to do with journalism we
consider it as a part of large-scale
assault on the freedom of speech and
this is an aggression and it's an
information aggression not only against
the Russian Federation we consider it as
crackdown on freedom of speech in
general in the world apparently
Washington and the American special
services see the media as mere
instruments to implement their goals
whereas our journalists after such a
pressure and direct threats that
sometimes that sometimes turn to
blackmailing can refer to Russian
embassy to Russian mission in every
country and they receive all necessary
assistance well it's difficult to
imagine in what situation the American
media in its it's very difficult to
imagine the situation with the American
media recently Russia was visited do see
representative for freedom of freedom of
media Ireland this year we would like
him to carefully to pay attention to
this situation
logic it would be logical there the
American side would give its comment but
I know what will happen if you ask them
they will say that they don't know about
this situation but if you refer to the
FBI and to know that the employees of
this organization conducted these
approaches and other illegal actions
against the Russian diplomats they will
tell you that they do not comment on
their situation so in order to prevent
this situation
tomorrow we will present the respective
information to the American side the
talks in viña between Minister Lavrov
and secretary Tillerson so it would be a
mistake to tell just to say that they
don't have any information and now to
our traditional section to the on
December the 7 & 8 Minister Lavrov will
participate in the ministerial meeting
of all SCE and we expect an open and
respectful dialogue on the European
security and the challenges the OSI
member states are facing it we expect
that discussion will restore mutual
trust and defuse the situation in the
North Atlantic region it will give new
impetus to conflict management
management in particular in eastern
Ukraine well among the Russian
priorities
the Russian side have has introduced and
that the Russian side is ready to
promote during the ministerial meeting
the tasks of combating terrorism and
drug trafficking trafficking cyber
security securing traditional values
Russia will raise the question with the
difficult situation in security and NATO
build up expansion the violations
against education and language rights by
Ukraine and Baltic states in the side
the Russian side we in compression with
Hungary is preparing an event devoted to
the protection of Christians and
2-wheeled also we would like to discuss
the code of conduct of the OSCE in this
respect we have introduced three
documents in the field of combating
terrorism the reforms of human dimension
of OSCE and the cooperation between
different integration projects on the
sidelines a number of bilateral meetings
are planned with his counterparts and
the leadership of the international
organizations among them are in
particular a meeting with secretary for
international relations or seed
secretary-general and the foreign
minister of malta the Acting President
of OSE mr. Kurtz
mr. Lavrov will meet secretary Tillerson
and the foreign foreign policy makers of
Switzerland in Afghanistan foreign
minister of Hungary Denmark and a number
of other meetings we will inform you on
them on December 11
New Delhi will host the 15 meeting of
ministers of Foreign Relations of India
China and Russia the meeting will be
chaired by India the ministers are
expected to have a detail exchange in
this situation the region and the world
including this dish in Afghanistan and
the Middle East on the Korean Peninsula
with a particular emphasis placed on
competent racism drug trafficking and
international information security the
participants plan to discuss
coordination in a major international
and regional institutions above all in
the UN BRICS SCO
g20 and others will agreed approaches to
topical global and regional issues will
be set forth in the concluding gen
communique and minister Lavrov is
expected to have a meeting with his
Chinese counterpart 1e on the sidelines
of the trilateral gathering the
ministers I expected to sum up the
results of their strategic partnership
and also will have exchange on air I see
agenda and other topic international
issues on December the 13th mr. Lavrov
will visit the ceremonial opening of the
exhibition showing works of the of actor
Glazunov in 1983 the artist visited
Managua where he met government
officials including the current
president Ortega as a result he created
some 50 paintings and drawings that
captured the images of the popular
revolution the exposition is time to the
anniversary of the bilateral of
establishing bilateral diplomatic
relations on December the 12th among
those invited are pads of Latin American
embassies accredited to Moscow's members
of the Russian society of friendship
with Nicaragua and also public officials
and businessmen who cover it with
Managua on December 15th Minister Lavrov
will make a speech at the question time
during the plenary session of the
Federation Council during the question
time minister who is expected to cover
topical questions of world politics
including Ukraine Syria combating
terrorism integration in a Eurasian
multifaceted cap raishin with key actors
of international relations annual
meetings of minister with lawmakers and
hands Capetian between executive and
lawmaking ba branches and have exchanged
on the international situation and it
and determine the Russian foreign policy
purpose and I also would like to
announce a trance conference of Minister
Lavrov that is due to take place on
December the 8th in viña after the
ministerial after the ministerial
meeting of OSCE
we expect that this press conference
will take place in the first half of the
day and to inform you later on details
on the timing of this press conference
and now we now let's turn to the topical
international issues I would like to
start with the situation in Syria on
November 2 8 Geneva has opened the 8th
round of the UN sponsored interests
Syrian talks with the active
participation of the UN special
environment de Mistura the participants
are trying to reach consensus in order
to launch a long-term political
settlement and finally normalize the
situation they at least to know their
destination on the ground in Syria
reflects positive trends the Syrian army
is advancing along the old way Hama
Aleppo delivering an attack from of the
Aleppo province they drove out Nora from
Edison in Ramallah in the promise of
Hama the government forces seized
several towns thanks to the Russian
initiative on 2 days his fire in eastern
Ghouta
the station has stabilized responding to
mortar shells of harassed the army curt
artillery strikes against nusrah and
falaka rahman in Jabara and neighbouring
and termeh
aim at the desk elation the UN
peacekeeper the UN could second time
bring bring humanitarian assistance to
nasha bia in eastern regions the
government troops continuing clearing up
the area from terrorists the terrorists
were blocked around Hazrat and sail west
of albergue
all terrorists make desperate attempts
to break out of encirclement our
resources on the ground report that
continuing feud between the extremists
and see record into them the leadership
of higher Tikrit our sham movement its
new its new name for jihad and nusra in
the province of Italy ordered the
assassination of a range of powerful
world world Lords charged with betrayal
of the international terrorism ideology
in particular would like to draw your
attention to the recent media footages
demonstrating Isis Arsenal found around
Asura so behin and cell here
the Syrian army found several thousands
units of small arms barrel for
anti-aircraft installations large
caliber tank modern machine guns
artillery pieces among spoils combat
materials produced in the USA and Europe
recently the British media have
published the results of investigation
into financing an assistance project for
the so-called free syrian police
operating in a leopard era in the deep
provinces the effects revealed by the
BBC journalists show that part of money
get got into the hands of jihad and
Neutra and they themselves choose the
personnel for the squad and nostra often
listed the so-called ghost names in
order to get more money from the
sponsors we consider an acceptable any
attempt to support extremists in Syria
and via : our international original
partners to respect 70 independence and
territorial integrity of Syria and we
draw the attention to the fact that
Syrian need more humanitarian aid
assistance in reconstructing vital
infrastructure and economic capabilities
but not
the weapons or money for fighters of
illegal armed groups that in some way or
another linked to terrorist underground
and now another topic we have received
questions on the situation in Yemen this
situation has drastically escalate amid
the ongoing blockade and air strikes of
the so called Arab coalition the
alliance between Houthi movement of
answer Alliance support and supporters
of the former president Saleh that
controlled the northern provinces
completely split up starting November
that until ninth we are witnessing
large-scale armed clashes between these
movements that mainly affected the
capital sana the number of killed in
street battles exceeded 200 people and
the wounded is more than 400 on December
the 4th Elise Ellis was killed who
earlier declared he is ready to start
peaceful talks with the coalition Ansar
Allah tell about the ongoing struggle
against traitors the supporters of
seller him their turn are willing to get
revenge for the former head of the state
Moscow is deeply concerned with this
devastating situation there is a great
risk that Yemen will plunge into a
military and political chaos along with
unseen humanitarian calamity we don't
see any other alternative to prevent it
except except for
except for launching comprehensive
national dialogue under the UN ages with
mutual respect in compliance with basic
norms of the international law and we
expect that the key international and
regional actors will exert their
influence on the warring parties sold in
order to persuade them to stop violence
and to turn back to the negotiation
table until the is very dangerous
situation gets irreversible in our turn
we can senior our active assistance and
would like to remind that in compliance
with international conventions the
responsibility for safety of the
emphasis in Sunna lies with the
authorities of the host country there
now the station Afghanistan it it have
no it it gives no reasons for optimism
the scale of terrorism and drug
trafficking is increasing we are closely
watching the expansion of the Isis
offset in Afghanistan its consolidation
in northern provinces neighbor in the
Central Asia region we see it as an
immediate threat to our national
interests and we expect results of an
anti-isis operation in this region that
was announced by the US and NATO troops
command in Afghanistan mr. Nicholson the
situation with drugs causes great
concerns we have already mentioned
records sewn in production of volumes of
poppy in Afghanistan in this respect the
messages on special operation to
eliminate drug labs in the province of
governments are quite modest
according to experts this separation
will not substantially reduce the
production of drugs because the
production sites could be restored very
soon moreover considering the number of
drug producing provinces and according
to the United Nations Office on Drugs
and Crime there are 34 provinces we
expect more active and large-scale
actions in company and drugs not in a
single province but in all affected
district insured Knight CMO and another
topic that in the center of our
attention and control this is a topic
that you closely follow this is a
citation around Constantini a chancre
after our persistent demands the Russian
pilot was kidnapped from LeBaron
he was then sentenced in the United
States to twenty years of Prisons and he
faced his preposterous accusations
finally we managed to provide
appropriate medical assistance he
suffers from several dizzy this is is
that as a result of the beatings during
the arrest right now he received the
elective surgery and now he is being
rehabilitated we view it as a positive
development of the situation at the same
time we expect that he will repeat rate
it on humanitarian grounds we're working
towards it since 2010 at the moment it
seems that mr. shank as well as mr.
booth that serves his long term in the
US prison that they are held captive by
Washington well it's not the end because
the former Assistant Secretary of State
MS Nuland said next year she openly said
that two Russian citizens refused to
take any
built and they will serve their term as
a warning to others in other words all
our Russian camp entrants who trapped in
the american-style justice will be
forced to be more cooperative they will
be frightened by the example of mr.
Schenk Oh mr. bird so we are talking
about false accusations these are not
real crimes we don't see any attempts to
commit any crime these are preposterous
accusations these are provocations by
the United States we are doing all the
best to repair th Russian citizens okay
item 1 and another topic another region
let's talk about Europe on the 1st of
December
Maribor II has seen the International
Conference lessons of the past four
prosperous future it examined the
history of the Second World War in the
context of today's challenges this event
was organized under the aegis of the
Russian embassy in Slovenian the Russian
Center for science and culture in
Ljubljana it brought together many
specialist from Russia Slovenia Austria
survey and questioned many other
countries miss glib about the deputy
chairman of the Council of the
Federation on Science Education and
Culture emphasized the instrument of
public historic memories instance of
public diplomacy and to prevent all the
attempts to distort the events of 1941
1945 and the need to indicate the use in
the principles of anti-fascism their
statements were that force in the
resolution we uses initiative as an
important step in the implementation of
the project between Russia and Slovenia
to establish the International Research
Center to examine the events of the
Second World War which will be located
in the building of the former Nazi
concentration camp we confirm our
commitment to take all them action to
contract all the attempts to distort the
history of the great
but Rohtak war and to stop the
glorification of gnats ISM the on the
30th of November the german russian
museum berlin of course
stripes had a sullen opening of the 20s
anniversary since the establishment
commission studied by the contemporary
history of russian german relations
it was visited by o'brien and Wersching
they saw promoted scientists of the
Russian Academy of Sciences the Minister
of Foreign Affairs of the Russian
Federation Sergei Lavrov delivered his
welcome address it's necessary to
mention that Commission this Commission
makes a considerable contribution to the
development of historic and memorial
cooperation between the two countries
for the last year we have realized many
joint projects like the textbook on
history and the investigating the fate
of prisoners of war and the intra knees
and prisoners of concentration camps and
bonded laborers in the years of the
Great Patriotic War this structure is
necessary for the cooperation between
scientists and researchers and this will
help us us to prevent the attempts to
falsify the history in favor of the
political situation because quite today
we witness whatever attempts to do this
but I need to say that Moscow in July
hosted a similar event on the premises
of the Russian Foreign Ministry we
organized a scientific conference about
the 100th anniversary of the Russian
Revolution and another example that of
the situation I'm talking about the
monument to Russian Soviet soldiers they
it's about the Flake near the place
where Russian soldiers were reburied
they true they continuing their attacks
against the memory of Soviet soldiers
they find the president of the
association of
historic memory forgotten soldiers but
it needs to be said that the Roberto was
organized in 2013 it was agreed with the
Vilnius mayor office and Association was
accused of violating the rules of the
improvement of sites of cultural
heritage as we all know mr. Olaf is
going to appeal the decision I would
like to say that in May the government
of Moscow have already established the
plague from black of that marble that
has family names of fallen soldiers and
has a outline of a five-pointed star and
we were nitpicked for this I would like
to remind you that it's banned to
demonstrate Nazi as they say in
communist symbols and the Soviet red
five-pointed star is the symbol but once
again when you're talking about the
depiction of any star talking about the
absurdity of this decision they claims
are withdrawn we hope that the common
sense will prevail and they justice will
be restored despite the fact that the
Athenian thirties continue their
undeclared war against their historic
memory we have received many questions
who took notice of the statement made by
the special assistant to the US
president
Christopher Ford he said that Russia's
withdrawal from almost all aspects of
bilateral cooperation in securing
nuclear material could result in the
reduction in security at certain
facilities within Russia's vast and
expensive nuclear complex at the same
time mr. Ford said that Russia helped
Syria to hide their chemical capacities
so we were asked to comment this
statement concerning the nuclear
security
it's a predictable direction of the
American politically
to the steps that Russia takes to limit
yes possibilities to intervene into
domestic affairs of the Russian
Federation in such an sensitive and
essential area of the Russian security
like nuclear security and physical
protection of nuclear material as for
the statement made by fourt concerning
the Russian spending on vast and
expensive nuclear complex we would like
to pay attention to the fact that the
size of our nuclear complex and spend
the and the sums that Russia spends is
they internal affair of the Russian
Federation and is not the rest ability
of the special assistant to the US
president as for the nuclear safety and
nuclear security we would like to
emphasize the Russian Federation is open
to cooperation in relevant international
platforms and with all the international
partners the United States in particular
we have reaffirmed repeatedly our
commitments and we cooperated quite
successful in order to ensure nuclear
security and nuclear safety all over the
world however we are going to prevent
all the attempts to dictate US interests
incompatible with interests of the
Russian Federation attempts to intervene
under the pretext of strengthening
nuclear security and attempts to force
our country to follow all the ideas
ignoring the our point of view we won't
allow to take action in such a sensitive
sector by passing official channels this
what mr. Ford and his colleagues need to
take into account of whom if they want
to cooperate with Russia in nuclear
safety nuclear security for its
allegation that chemical
demilitarization of Syria was
orchestrated by Russia in such a way
that the Syrian authorities could hide
their stockpiles of chemical weapons for
further use these allegations are absurd
this high rank official should have
known
that the elimination of chemical weapons
were strictly controlled by the
international community and was made
possible by the relevant US Russia
framework agreement that was concluded
in September 2013 in Geneva the
organization of the prohibition of
chemical weapons officially confirmed
the elimination of chemical weapons in
the end of 2015
statue found it and responsible
statements made by American officials as
wellnot served as a pretext of the US
invasion admit it as a mistake well it
appears that Christopher phone hasn't
learned anything from these tragic
events that taken that took place not so
long ago and another topic that I would
like to commend comment as you all know
on the 18th of December will mark the
year since the exponent extraordinary
plenipotentiary ambassador Karloff was
murdered Turkish low Turkish policeman's
doing all their best to investigate the
situation the taking operative
investigative action in relation to the
teenage son suspicion of kin of a
commitment of the scream we are closely
following this situation as for any
Memorial events that are related to the
memory of Andre Karloff and all the work
we never warned you about it in regular
basis we're going to continue to do it
and now I would like to talk about
another topics Budapest
seeing the availing of Pushkin's first
it was done within the part of the
festival days of Moscow in Budapest
it was established near the Department
of the Russian language named after
Alexander Pushkin it's symbolic all that
certain buildings of the universities
allocated on the Alexander Pushkin
Street the bust was designed by Nikolai
Kuznetsov Morel skis the ceremony was
opened by the Russian ambassador of what
de Mercier gave you know the university
rector Laszlo bore he the representative
of the Hungarian Foreign Ministry
teachers and students it was organized
by eager never saw of who had already
established 34 memorials and busts as
part of public diplomacy in 25 countries
of Europe Asia Africa and America I
think that they unveiling of Pushkin's
bust in Hungary is landmark event in the
midst of the attempts to desecrate
Russian and Soviet monuments in the
Eastern Europe and we appreciate the
Hungarian people for their big hearted
gesture where to the Santo Mario the
Spanish city has seen the official
ceremony of the monument
since Petra Petra Petrova tonkin visited
this country the Russian ambassador took
part in the event and also the mayor of
the city academics this is another
landmark event in their relations
between our countries and now let's talk
about hues that are related to diplomacy
on the one hand and they're related to
the area on the other hand
we have already seen the results of the
world awards golf awards the best one
Golf Hotel was recognized Moscow Country
Club this is the mayor the office of the
main administration for services to the
diplomatic corps under the Russian
Foreign Ministry this award is organized
for the first time within the framework
of the World Travel Awards that has 24
years of history in 2018 Moscow Country
Club will host another important event
international golf tournament Russian
Open Golf Championship senior it will be
organized in August and another two
topics that are related to mass media
and unfortunately they're related to
their lateral relations between Russia
and the United States first I would like
to answer already in useless and like I
would like also to answer the statements
made by United States concerning the
station with Russia today we see that
they caused a follow situation with our
mass media but we call on everyone to be
very accurate with the nature of the
issue to be very accurate with the
American laws and to be responsible when
we take reciprocal measures in response
to the action taken by the United States
against Russia today would like to pay
attention to the mistake I already
commented the situation when Russia
today was registered as a foreign agent
for example State Department
representatives said that the
registration as foreign agent will not
influence the work of the media outlet
well it's not
on the 29th of November Russia today
received a letter that they were slipped
over accreditation in Congress since
they were registered as foreign agents
so either they don't know their laws or
just they try to confuse everyone else
we also try we also try to examine the
list of mass media that were registered
as foreign agents we also received
statements made by State Department's
that all this mass media are covered by
this law we would like to say that there
is a mass media that works in the United
States France 24 Jazeera and they are
not registered as foreign agents and
therefore we have certain doubts about
the professionalism of these people who
make this assessments and they won't
show the preferential attitude towards
mass media we have heard so many
comments about the situation with mass
media and the suggestion business media
in the Russian Federation well the law
that was adopted and the Russian
Federation requires four American mass
media to register as foreign agents many
say in the United States that this law
in Russia is much more severe and it's
not true because the Russian law
provides for the administrative
responsibilities while the American law
provides for the criminal responsibility
the American law is just thing that it's
a formality that has no consequences but
once again it's not true because Russia
today said that their stick
because right now they have in the
contracts all the inappropriate
requirements their partners are afraid
of the negative consequence that they
are afraid to be recognized as foreign
agents by the United States I would like
to repeat to confirm what I said many
times because quite often it's ignored
by the State Department it's ignored by
our American colleagues Starwood number
two all the measures that have been
taken by the American media or currently
taken by them will be nullified and
cancelled when the United States
cancelled the relevant measures against
the Russian Russia Today TV channel and
other media that were sanctioned in the
same way this is the last part and this
is our constant position it is outside
of the vision of the American media and
the officials in Washington and now
moving on we will use our multimedia
capabilities I would ask you to take a
look at our screens do you know who this
is I see you do not know that's an
interesting situation it is strange that
you do not recognize her I do not know
either I did not know who she was all
rather we had seen her once when we gave
her the credentials as a foreign
journalist that was in May 2017 and she
never addressed us anymore
this is MF very short man who works in
the American foreign policy magazine
you know we have many formats of talking
with journalists the weekly briefings
like today the weekly so-called
off-the-record meetings with questions
and answers and our interview requests
and written and oral and video answers
the requests and responses and comments
and the things we started doing recently
our russia press tours for foreign
journalists and i do not even mention
that you can write to me directly any
minute you can write a message on social
media in messengers you can call my
phone i think almost all of you have my
number and we regularly answer all of
your requests so since the moment she
obtained her credentials had the Foreign
Ministry Emma Faris Rothman never made
any requests to the press service of the
Russian Foreign Ministry on any issues
we've never seen her at our briefings
neither on Thursday or any other
meetings why am I talking about this I
wouldn't have been talked about it and
we wouldn't have known her name to our
common pleasure but the problem is that
she's written an article for foreign
policy magazine and that article was
called Donald Trump tortures the
patience of foreign journalists in
Moscow this article confirms that
foreign journalists you find it harder
than ever in the history of Russia or
the Soviet Union to work in Moscow is
that hard for you yes I can see your sad
faces there as the article says we these
are the worst times for you and to
confirm their thesis Emmy and least such
sayings that for example you are not
accepted by state authorities they do
not give you any comments
not to mention interviews or meetings
basically she says that everything is
bad perhaps and it would be very
surprised but in order to obtain a
comment or take an interview you simply
need to send a request at least to tell
us about you through an email we even
have a fax for those who are especially
especially tech-savvy
like Amy that could be a text message
that could be anything you can simply
come and send a message we'll bring your
request within a couple of minutes but
Amy never tried to do that we've looked
through everything and never found any
requests in the seven months since she
was registered as a foreign journalist
hear of it she works in foreign policy I
emphasized that and it would seem that
the foreign ministry should be the
agents of the ministry that Amy should
cooperate with and interact with but Amy
where are you Amy we're looking for you
we're waiting for you by the way when we
read that article when I read it
and it was not by mistake that sergey
lavrov called me despotic I was rather
puzzled and since we talked with you not
on a daily basis perhaps Amy held some
survey among you and you just couldn't
tell me about that in the you told Amy
that your work is hard here that is why
we decided to conduct our own survey and
we called one hundred foreign
journalists perhaps some of you here
also got those calls so we called all of
them just a random choice of 100 foreign
journalists asking them how hard it is
for them to work and live in Moscow and
in Russia in general and I will tell you
directly
the vast majority said that their life
was fine their work was fine they had
certain wishes and requests but in
general everything was fine and I allow
myself to say that many of them took
note of the improved quality of work in
the last times especially in such areas
as accelerated responses and support in
solving certain problems as well as
assistance in establishing contacts with
the representatives of other agencies
there was some criticism and that is why
we convene here two times a week at
least in order to learn all of that we
will continue improving and I can
promise to Amy and to you and I would
also like to talk about other amy's
publications and that is important we
moved on perhaps articles would show
something with the objective criticism
it would seem that she works in foreign
policy she should speak about foreign
policy but
it seems like Amy would not agree here
are the names of some of the articles
published by her internet they an
article about Russian adaptation TV
series revolution as a Chinese tourist
trap Putin's next target
Russian abode and program Russian don't
understand what anyone is upset with Moe
twins Weinstein perhaps that is the
problem that helps the articles written
by Amy do not have anything to do with
the foreign ministry then why are we on
the criticism as well as other Russian
agencies most likely I think in that
article amy simply enumerated all the
excuses of her and others inability to
find any smallest confirmation of the
long-standing thesis of Kremlin's
interference into the US elections and
since this thesis has obtained great
support abroad they could not find
anything confirmations because they run
on but they needed and something perhaps
the editorial board oh she herself
insisted that they find someone some
culpable in the failure of the mission
to find the Russian trace in all
American affairs so they have to make
excuses and say that she can't work here
Amy we're waiting for you write to us
call us and do not lie to the American
public that your work here is hard you
know if your work is hard you should at
least work and I am ready to answer your
questions thank you are there are no
questions yes please
good afternoon Korean TV radio broadcast
channel KBS we have such a question
currently the special represents of the
UN mr. feldman is on a visit to North
Korea and he in particular visited the
Russian embassy in Pyongyang and is the
purpose of his visit to discuss the
settlement of the conflict on the
peninsula and are you waiting any
constructive visit in the future of
course any contacts and the diplomatic
field when we talk about such a tense
situation as the Korean Peninsula won
any cooperation is welcomed and it is
always connected with certain
expectations this is what I can say
about that yes please beste kavkaza
recently the Minister of Foreign Affairs
of the caucus five have finished
discussing the Convention and the rights
of in the Caspian Sea and can we learn
how this convention would define the
status of the Caspian Sea and how it
will be divided and if it's not public
information when will it be revealed
yesterday there was a very detailed
statement by the Russian Foreign
Minister Sergey Lavrov when he talked in
the name of the group of five after the
discussions of the document I have
nothing to add the text is on the
website yes please
German full of federal news agency the
US president Donald Trump he is going to
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel and moved the American Embassy
from Tel Aviv reports the White House
during the journalist briefing what will
be the reaction of the Russian Foreign
Ministry to the movement of the embassy
and how will this recognition affect the
security in the region just now we have
received a message a comment from mr.
paskoff on this topic
he says Russia thinks it is too early to
comment on Trump's possible recognition
of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel
but we are concerned about the risk of
their group
of the situation I am quoting the
statement you can check it with the
source so of course we need to wait for
to see how our us colleagues will
formulate that I would just like to
remind you of the basic principles of
the Russian approach to this problem in
particular it has been stated in our
material in the statement of the Foreign
Minister for example in 6th of April
2017 you can read that and it says that
we're committed to the UN decisions on
the settlement including the status of
East Jerusalem as the capital of a
future palestine state and so on I say
once again that so far we do not make
any comments on these intentions of the
United States I simply remind you that
our principal position on this problem
is stipulated regularly and that was
just one of the materials any more
questions yes off the mic Niki Agency is
there any more precise information on
the agenda of the meetings in between
minister lavrov with Tillerson the date
and the time of the meeting that's the
first question and another one are you
expecting any talks with the press after
plus I apart from the press conference
that's already been announced or will
you give all the results on the 8th of
December as for the planned meeting with
mr. Tillerson that will take place
tomorrow on Thursday the 7th of December
as for the exact time of course we have
it and it can be moved of course we can
say that it will take place in the
afternoon as for the talks with the
press you know that during the meetings
we always invite the press to the
beginning of the meeting that can also
be seen as the minister's talks with the
press and his introductory words how
also called interaction with
then we sometimes have Commons after the
end of the meeting we do not have
anything planned but it this might
happen but the main results will be
given at the main press conference yes
please
Eurasia ideally I wanted to ask you if
you could comment on the situation in
Macedonia where at the end of last week
there were arrests and detainment of
opposition representatives who in April
this year took part in organizing the
antenatal meetings and rallies but in
fact they were arrested for their links
with the incident in the parliament and
I do not have anything on any reaction
on that but I can ask our experts and we
have anything I will pass it to you
thank you yes please
wait in gasps Allah says that Allah
Channel I cannot but ask you my religion
room perhaps you can yes I can a
question about the status of our Olympic
team and the ban on the use of our flag
was many athletes and politicians share
the opinion deaths this is more of a
political decision than any other
athletic or sports one do you think
there was any political motive and
political influence on the International
Olympic Committee and in general how
would you comment on this situation
thank you we simply see the scale of the
problem the some aggressive campaign
against the Russian Federation on a
large number of areas yes today we
talked about the media and the pressure
that is exerted against them there is
open pressure and the selective use of
the laws in particular by the u.s. there
is also a hidden part of this iceberg
where the men methods that I mentioned
are used against journalists and so on
this is a multitrack problem yes the
registration and credential problem the
campaigns in the media and calling
Russian media in some kinds of
propaganda some Kremlin's information
machine
and the accusations of some fake news
and so on so on the example of the mass
media you can see the scale of the LEAs
campaign and the same story happens in
sports world and these are ungrounded
accusations and they deprive their
athletes of the ability to go to the
competition this is just another word in
the in the collective responsibility of
Russian athletes this is an information
campaign it started back before the
Sochi Olympics this is information and
not only information campaign is they
are directly pushing Russia out of world
sports perhaps they had big hopes on the
failure on Sochi Olympics of bad
performance of the Russian team but the
Olympics were organized at a high level
and our athletes show great results and
everyone was happy that's why they used
Plan B that we're witnessing now there
are many areas like that not only sports
not only the media of course not only
politics this is a large-scale offensive
I think this is due to the fact that the
attempt to isolate Russia directly the
one that was declared as their crusade
against Russia was a failure and they
could not isolate Russia but they still
have that desire they still have the
capabilities perhaps they could use them
in other areas for example in the fight
against terrorism or poverty they could
think of something how to counteract the
see for example how to restore the
environment how to prevent the
catastrophes but now they are not
interested in that because they need to
work there they need large investments
and they cannot do that they have chosen
their target the target is the Russian
Federation and the attack goes on many
France have already
up to the point and this is both sad and
funny and they even say that in Syria
the terrorists were attacked not by
Russia but by the US even here they have
stolen our achievement they're trying to
take away what we had they say that it
was not you you weren't doing nothing
but killing civilians and only the US
was fighting against terrorists that is
absolute rubbish but this is what we are
witnessing and of course this is what we
are talking about and that includes the
war against monuments they want to doubt
our history
not even doubt it they simply want to
take out of the world history the
contribution of the Russia and of the
Russian people and Soviet people in
victory over Nazis and this is also one
of their tracks of global work and this
is what I think about it he said that
there are certain political elements of
course there are
since the matters of doping did not
appear today or yesterday not in 2014
and not in Sochi take a look at the
number of athletes from various
countries were disqualified for the use
of doping including those on the
Olympics it was there such a reaction
from the Olympic Committee and from
other sports authorities that never
happened and what about the desire that
was declared in the decision to hold the
ceremony of rewarding the medals have
you ever seen that against other
athletes but that is what is done the
mechanics of pressure and the use of
political instruments are not a question
that I should answer but if I get that
information I will tell you about that
not showing you good and my personal
attitude was expressed you have seen
it on my website in social networks yes
please
the next question I have a small
question small question in relation to
the last voice to the recent visit of
Minister Lavrov to Italy several days
ago your campaign minister in Rome and
what conclusions were made after such an
evade and whether you had an opportunity
to discuss the situation in Libya which
is very sensitive topic to Italy you
have seen that the discussion was open
and all priority topics were expressed
by this situation undoubtedly in the
station in Libya and in the region at
the whole was discussed so during the
talks and on the sidelines of this event
on the event of on the Mediterranean the
topic was discussed at the bilateral
meeting of minister Lavrov his his
counterparts who also visited the
conference on Mediterranean
unfortunately we are witnessing that's
not well it's not a question of our of
our estimating of ourselves that we were
right saying that experimenting in the
Middle East and northern Africa many of
old powers put at risk bringing major
problems to the own countries and we
witnessing that all these diverse
the Russian president at the Munich
conference at the United Nations and in
the speeches of our representatives at
the United Nations would like
pamaj slalom is Elam privileges
house-party attack a Dippolito tolkien
hasta yeshua volunteer Oh professor
add-on modules Ellis Lee who is olivier
de rozier chastity ro Roboto the rewards
of all ensure of mom no get new extraña
no toast ozl a massive event or a it's
semi chattiness a metal on TV mulatto
Eugenia olympus key figure of sochi
visibility' pipe omega s th at olympia
depreciation is programmable so slowly
McAdams cansá cansaita a groom as
possible towards ITC celeriac if we
steal a heo heo Nastya J Dilla receiver
fishes Brazilian a gardenia the Venus a
volatile group next a beauty the
sino-british Elsa
nemanja generality reoccur again so no
chemita Papa got off key provision
Olympia not a Mirabeau football or
acidity she will not say galaxy Sorokin
silly journalist if you do chicken ala
Rossio a teen auntie malakhov
a prio resolution the Rajah Sulayman a
president of the premier Bravo let's
receive the decision not such Navy not
simple and chose to accrue the sub
achieve Romania Makran nominates a
volunteers to accrue flexibility Fran
Chuck
Denise forgave each the VAD seat regatta
Novosibirsk Oblast gorot Novosibirsk
Bulava L Narayana of asanas it Leatrice
public about Curtis Tan Gor a toughie
yella lava Gianna I dorama the whatsit
Vigoda odd mort's carries publica karate
was a Volusia precios de puta Cecilia
debate esto está bajo semi-aquatic acha
acha Tory D'Alessio Esteban Estrada bra
salute Cimmeria simpie on upon a table
football
alex is a rhodium
nobody knew directly through here
diminish a 70 priests estate ceremony
occasionally shoot him in the autonomy
not so put almost volunteers to
mckrupnicks up with technical expertise
next up with on us now it's not
fantastic more of near Nepal new hamster
chimp at mirror Kappa radiation
gamma-ray see blue chili record my story
chimp attack me report below
kalista's I have a watermelon syrup she
wore printed pieces volunteer pods at
least and the organizers at Romero
Prieta State Assembly Adam he can
establish own aesthetic enthusiasm epic
privative of fully booked with the
Reese's OSPF compare to Mira Pro
Football Academy prayatna Estrella my
symbol show wins that topic visit I see
what I see
Lucy animals named Katrina lot of pride
and resistible football in Watchers
caduceo Gallagher
GM gardenia The Cove ecologist with EIU
philosopher Giordano Vietnam mr. spasibo
bonza
Vassar takatori at critter Yoshi
multiple Amazonas Rossio drawn a
castrato brokerage a knowledge in
Couture exert Crittenden developed watts
which finishes of Tsushima mediums
avoidances he had to stop with pulmonary
atresia his cash the game's acronym
college system LED is now cognitive
delays Dubrow is Cringer a no Abby site
selectivity of sabatham oh let us write
the bridge volunteer me spicy bombs a
touch the video is easily partials that
provides we can hear it ecclesia Tata
that the story situation
genius friendship - oho slam Porsche
Oprah grass they reported regime ariana
grande yes with various R'lyeh platform
horrible they're available through the
cannula jean-françois tree selenium to
desert
