so back to our continuing coverage of
the International Olympic Committee's
decision to ban Russia's team and many
individual Russian athletes from taking
part in the 2018 Winter Games in South
Korea many athletes were handed lifetime
bans but most disputed the evidence that
was presented against them they insist
they are innocent and accused officials
of violating their presumption of
innocence artis ke partridge looks at
how Russia has been treated as guilty
from the very start four years ago there
was skepticism that Russia's first
Winter Olympics would go without a hitch
doom unga's predicted not enough flights
not enough hotels and not enough snow
your concerns about Sochi squaller in
Sochi double toilets and missing door
handles the water that came out of the
town problem with the door but the host
games went so well even critics had to
admit they were hit everything's been
amazing it's running like clockwork and
and everything's just going really
really well I've been really impressed
with everything Russia's done so far
really nice so far it's well organized
and people are really friendly here and
having a good time pretty sweet like who
our accommodation our food almost four
years later and Russians who triumphed
in Sochi and are being stripped of their
medals and given life Olympic bands why
in 2016 the Muharram report explosively
claimed Russia used an elaborate system
of state-sponsored doping athletes
officials and ministers were implicated
like the plot of a cold war novel
the attitude to Russia returned to
skepticism then retribution as its track
and field team and entire Paralympic
team were banned from the Rio games
which left the clean athletes wondering
why the Russians competing again until
they have adopted the right policies
that sure that they are a clean nation
never mind cleaned athletes they have to
be a clean nation the IOC and IPC have
now definitively backed up McLaren
supporting the claims of former lad
Bosco degree Rajan cough who's under
criminal investigation in Russia and
saying that infamous sample swapping
system has finally been replicated but
questions remain
the IOC standard of proof is not beyond
any reasonable doubt but rather the
balance of probability the presumption
of guilt is enough
it was Rajan cough who is the original
and only source of so-called proof
against Russian athletes this evidence
has been grossly overvalued we can't say
we are seeing the result of a proper
legal process it's a question of faith
to believe watching cough or not it
looks more like a religious Inquisition
we're sample bottles had no visible
scratches they were presumed tampered
with as the Russians must have perfected
their technique and left no marks no
argument basis for an unmasked ban the
clean condemned without any guilt no
presumption of innocence for Team Russia
what we see here is actually a violation
of the Olympic Charter which is which
stance against political national
racial discrimination so it appears that
in the name of protecting clean athletes
they are actually taking away the rights
of Russian clean athletes and in my
opinion the Maclaren accusations are
unfounded and they're very politically
biased surely any athlete should be
denied a medal and banned from
competition if he or she cheats it
undermines others lifetime's work as
does a ban slapped on the innocent who
has simply presumed guilty
