take assisted this Angelica expectant
surname obtained technical expertise and
heard a large number of witnesses
involved in these procedures were
granted the right to be heard this
concerned those who were accused as well
as those who were witnesses we made sure
that the there was due process in all of
the procedures that have now been
completed that is one of the differences
compared with the situation immediately
prior to the Olympic Games in Rio 2016
the other difference is that the issue
was that of the manipulation of the
anti-doping system prior to entering the
Games in Sochi due to the severity and
the seriousness of this situation and
the consequences the Disciplinary
Commission decided that its
recommendations would only be based on
material evidence of an impartial and
objective nature I'd like to stress here
that the result of this procedure is not
based only on the statements and
declarations of mr. Chiang cough but is
based on all the documents and proof
that of impartial and objective nature
these are for example
scientific proof testimonies
correspondence exchange of
Correspondence and other indications and
proof in our recommendations we have
only included testimonies of witnesses
that are corroborated by other types of
proof and evidence having analyzed all
this information and proof the
Disciplinary Commission
first of all took note of the facts and
on the basis of these facts it drew the
appropriate conclusions now with regard
to the facts the Disciplinary Commission
concluded that there was a systemic
manipulation in Russia of the
anti-doping rules and of the anti-doping
system manipulation of the anti-doping
rules and regulations and of these
systems also prevalent prevalent during
the Olympic Games Winter Games in Sochi
in 2014 from the legal point of view the
Disciplinary Commission concluded that
as far as this systemic manipulation was
concerned there were different levels of
administrative and contractual
responsibilities as a consequence we
draw the following conclusions the
operational anti-doping fight and the
observationally rules and implementation
of the rules was under the authority of
the russian sports ministry this arises
from the structure of the russian sports
system that is why the then sports
minister has a responsibility for the
failure of this system even though the
russian NOC
did not bear the operational
responsibility nor had any
responsibilities during the Olympic
Winter Games for the implementation
practice implementation of these rooms
it nonetheless had the legal and
contractual responsibility this also
arises from the provisions of the
Olympic Charter and the host city
contract for the Olympic Winter Games
consequently the Disciplinary Commission
of the IOC
submitted the following recommendation
to the Executive Board of the IOC
appropriate measures should be adopted
on the one hand to underpin that there
was an existence of a manipulation of
the anti-doping rules and organisation
and on the other hand the those who had
responsibility needed to be sanctioned
such sanctions could include the uniform
the flag and the anthem at the same time
the rights of the individual Russian
clean athletes need to be protected in
addition to this the cost incurred by
these procedures should be integrated in
these sanctions this is just a summary
of the report that I presented to the
EEV today and the conclusions we drew
for you to get a full picture of our
work I can only recommend to you the to
read the full report as well as all the
annexes and I would like to refer you
here to the report on the forensic and
biological analysis
in conclusion let me just say that we
have never seen any such manipulation
and cheating and this has caused
unprecedented damage to all Impe ISM and
to sports thank you for your attention
