next tamale in West Africa now where the
country's president has confirmed that
Malian soldiers were killed in a French
air strike in October France thought its
operation was targeting forces that had
deserted to join an Islamist group
however it's now believed that those
soldiers had been taken hostage by the
jihadists there were the terrorists
hostages and there should be no
ambiguity about that between our French
friends and us one of those stories
where the truth is really hard to be
established but what we know for sure so
far is that at the end of October the
French military stationed in Africa as
part of the anti-terrorist operation
known as but Haun carried out a strike
targeting the northern part of Marla the
country's troubled region suffering a
lot in the last five years and currently
from Islamist violence according to the
French commanders 15 jihadists were
killed in the attack including who they
believed were former Malin soldiers who
joined the ranks of the Islamists the
discovery of a terror cell in the region
of Abu baraa led to a joint action
between the French Special Forces and
operation bar cane soldiers this
operation allowed us to take out 15
members of this group but what is
surprising in this situation is the
reaction of Mali's president despite the
death of the country soldiers that could
have been killed by mistake and could be
considered as collateral damage his
reaction is very moderate it's
regrettable it can unfortunately happen
in these types of operations we should
admit it and not look for reasons that
don't exist why is he doing that it's
it's really hard to say he may have his
own reasons and we know that Mali has
been helped a lot by friends to fight
against Islamist groups in the northern
part of the country but again this is
one of those stories where the accounts
could be different from sides involved
and it's really hard to establish where
is the truth
