now it is claimed that a British aid
company is inadvertently funding jihadis
in Syria Adam Smith International which
aims at improving living conditions in
third-world countries is accused of
letting its funding end up in the hands
of terrorists according to a TV
documentary which will be broadcast in
Britain in a few hours
Polly Boyko has more up until last night
the British government had a scheme
whereby it provided funding for policing
and community projects in
opposition-held areas of Syria and this
project was all about funding the
so-called free syrian police and it was
implemented by a company called Adam
Smith international its offices are in
this building in London and Adam Smith
international it's a think-tank it's a
lobbying group and it also promotes
democratic reforms around the world
given the chaotic nature of civil war
and given the makeup of the Syrian
opposition an investigation done by BBC
Panorama now alleges that some of that
government money may have ended up in
the hands of extremists as a result
according to the documents seen by this
investigation police in Aleppo province
were forced to hand over cash to the
extremist group that was in control of
the area there it also claims that the
Syrian branch of al-qaeda jabot a looser
hand hand picked the officers for two of
these so-called free syrian police
forces in the it'd Lib province there
are also allegations that there were
dead and fictitious people on this
forces payroll and the Foreign Office
has now confirmed that it has suspended
the funding towards the Ajax scheme
that's the access to justice and
community security scheme in Syria take
a listen
would take any allegations of
cooperation with terrorist groups and of
human rights abuses extremely seriously
and the Foreign Office has suspended
this program while we investigate these
allegations it's important to note that
these
Asians have already caused somewhat of a
row here in the UK Adam Smith
international have called the
allegations entirely untrue and
misleading they put out statement saying
that it refutes the claims and will
pursue every legal Avenue to defend the
reputation of the project and the
company as well the topic of Britain's
foreign aid though is highly
controversial here it's one that's been
part of public debate here because it's
all about taxpayers money being sent
abroad to help other countries thirteen
billion pounds a year to be precise and
many here say that the government should
be spending at least some of that money
on funding things like the National
Health Service or education instead so
allegations that some government money
could be getting into the hands of
extremists in Syria is only going to
fuel that argument
