I'm half soon returns here we're going
underground on the data factor Catalan
president Kyle pwease d'amour faces a
Belgian court to defend the right of his
people to break up Spain coming over the
show from the millions of bodies that
lie in ashes of endless Imperial wars
around the world - the role of
journalists on the ever developing
electronic battlefield we speak toward
winning journalist and filmmaker John
Pilger about using his documentaries to
smash mainstream media silence all this
and more coming up on today's going
underground well no one said it would be
easy but today UK Prime Minister Theresa
May meets with the president of the
European Commission jean-claude Juncker
those who support brexit are a very
loose coalition of those left behind by
rampant neoliberal economic policies
stemming from successive UK governments
and idealistic utopian free marketeers
those against brexit include the failed
and bailed out City of London financial
institutions and what is nebulously
called the establishment those who've
done relatively well as inequality has
soared and of course there is the young
educated by British school curricula
that is arguably privileged identity
politics over class for decades
so to them wrecks it appears
isolationist and anti travel as for
Britain's arguable colonial ruler the
United States its attempt to intervene
in the brexit referendum with clear and
I believe the UK strengthens both our
collective security and prosperity
through the EU in the 21st century the
nations that make their presence felt on
the world stage aren't the nations that
go it alone the British people didn't
vote the way Washington wanted it to and
whichever way our British viewers voted
one thing is certain our next guest has
been one of the few thorns in the
sunnat' of mainstream narratives some of
which ultimately appear to have failed
to persuade the British people to vote
to remain in the European Union his name
is John Pilger the award-winning author
and filmmaker who revealed to the world
not only the horrors of NATO wars but
the deliberately hidden abuse of power
by NATO governments a retrospective of
its entire film work is now being held
at the British Library where Karl Marx
would change 1/3 of the world within
decades of writing there the British
Library Festival celebrates the
acquisition of six decades of print film
and radio from John Pilger you can go
and see some of the films and watch John
talk at the British Library on the 9th
and 10th of December he joins me now
John thanks for coming back gone what's
your reaction to this celebration of
your work in the British Library well
I'm I'm absolutely delighted the British
Library is a is a wonderful institution
and I went to an exhibition there a year
or two ago about propaganda and I
thought it was really splendid and so to
be included in their archive is is a
particular honor let's go to your first
documentary I mean British journalists
are being sent to war zones right now
and we never mean you go Slavia
Afghanistan Libya of course Syria and
they always tend to show British troops
proudly fighting for Queen and country
let's take a clip from this film 1970
the quiet mutiny where that doesn't seem
so apparent I couldn't see any purpose
in the war back home
I never explained to me why we're
actually here and I know I really had
nothing against these people I want to
kill him
you go out in the woods and they'll
shoot at you first you'll see them your
other shoots if I get the chance you
have to shoot at them first it's really
bad I still know why I'm here that's the
guy's true three months and I don't know
why I'm shooting these people this was
1970 there was then a mutiny a rebellion
going right through the drafted army in
the United States and you in in in
Vietnam US Army in Vietnam
these soldiers really he speaks them all
it was very unusual at the time and very
provocative when that film was put to
air in the world an action slot by
Granada ITV it was openly attacked by
the then US ambassador a friend of
Richard Nixon's called Walter Annenberg
a big media mogul and the head of the
Independent Television
authority the regulator I've forgotten
his first name sir something Fraser
he was actually in Australian we
couldn't tell he accused me of being a
dangerous subversive and that this was
in fact he was apoplectic
he called in Granada's senior executives
and demanded that something be done
about me well of course they didn't have
any intention of doing anything about me
the founder of Granada television Sidney
Bernstein late Lord Bernstein actually
wrote at the Sunday Times saying it was
the very kind of journalism that he want
to see more of more of such different
days you talk about the use of drugs you
talk about psyops units you you talk
about press conference language because
you're seen in acquired mutiny asking
questions about and we've got to
remember this is a war with casualty
figures now saying up to four million
killed by the United States the the
language used to talk about war even in
this first of your films well the five
o'clock follows were the daily press
conference and the interesting thing is
that most journalists didn't believe a
word of what was said by the US
spokesman I mean I have to say one
almost felt sorry for him at times but I
asked I thought what a pertinent
questions and the question I asked in
that film was how many US servicemen how
many US soldiers had been killed by
mistake or by accident in Vietnam
friendly fire friendly fire and the
answer was more than fifty percent it
was a shocking statistic it was a war of
chaotic mistakes of disasters willfully
began willfully executed but a war of
terrible errors his prevarication his
wavering though he didn't answer the
question itself spoke volumes
okay let's go to a clip now from Year
Zero the silent death of Cambodia these
children are the end of a process begun
by impeccable politicians who took their
decisions at great distance from the
results of their savagery their style
may have differed from Paul Potts but
the effect was the same the bombs are
like falling rain wrote a child in 1973
a year in which the tonnage of bombs
dropped on Cambodia exceeded by half the
entire tonnage dropped on Japan in World
War two the price of a Cambodian life
was incidentally one hundred dollars
compensation making you zero was
something of a a turning point for me
I'd never seen anything like it
when with my crew and David Monroe of my
late director I made many films very
pipe of a photographer when we arrived
in Phnom Penh It was as if a bomb a
great bomb had exploded and killed all
the people and left the buildings
standing it was devastation population
had been forced marched into the
countryside and in the first monsoon
rains The Surreal which was there all
the time really added to this with
millions of dollars worth of banknotes
flowing from the Bank of Cambodia which
the Khmer Rouge had blown up as they
fled so the symbols within Cambodia was
of people of the main symbol was I
suppose a I said one old woman trying to
light a fire with banknotes Cambodia
represented the whole distortion of the
human experience the raining down of
bombs on a
defenseless person people and that so
that that impact we didn't do anything
we didn't film anything for a day we
were so we were so almost hypnotized
horrified by this and yet you showed the
connections with the US policy coming
out the State Department but Cambodia is
now a a word used to describe the
failure of the left in developing
nations the failure of communism and
just explain explain that even though of
course in your film you're connecting it
up with with new imperialist policy
coming out of washing was quite
interesting the reaction to it had I
stuck simply to assaulting people's
emotions that those children you saw
there even there you mentioned money in
the clip we just yes yeah had I stuck to
that and not contextualized it and said
that this has been brought about by this
by by bombing by huge moral corruption
Cambodia then was a stricken country
under sanctions no less from the enacted
States even though the Khmer Rouge had
gone and the Khmer religious
representative Emmer's were being
supported the Khmer Rouge had fled to
the type border where they were being
supported by the west and the Khmer
Rouge representative in the United
Nations was recognized by the world so
as a moral contortion this was quite
epic the conditions that created it the
conclusions were created by the American
bombing the CIA reports that came out
following year 0 were were very clear
they said deny paraphrase our bombing
provided the catalyst for the rise and
rise of a small sect in the countryside
that would never have come to power had
we not bombed the country flat which
they basically did what Pol Pot began
Kissinger and Nixon completed they were
there were two phases
in the genocide in Cambodia film came
under huge assault because it had added
why the why that's what I'll be talking
about at the British Library talking
about documentaries the adding of the
why you don't get it right all the time
but if you have the evidence you do have
the responsibility to attempt to draw a
conclusion it's you responsible just to
show it without any conscious yes it is
because you know what it's going to do
it is going to as I say scoop up
people's emotions and they're going to
ask why but they won't get an answer to
that question and things only change in
Cambodia or wherever if people have the
information of why things have happened
in the first place and that is the role
of a documentary maker at least a
political documentary maker and one
dealing with such serious matters such
as life and death in a country that was
bombed many more times than Hiroshima
was while elites might not have liked
you're wise what happened in the
aftermath of that documentary being
broadcast on British TV it it was
astonishing it it raised more than 50
million dollars unsolicited we didn't
ask for any money and in it came the
British people gave well I'll give you
an example Central Television we go hood
sends people
well hesitantly it went if we saw where
it went because the next film Cambodia
you won we showed view viewers we
ourselves and Oxfam is a slightly
different Oxfam and ourselves we both
factories that provided clothing to
people previously the population had
been ordered to wear all black by Pol
Pot knees gang we provided food and
medicines
the first plane loads of vitamins for
four children and antibiotics who taught
that were all provided by by not only
the viewers of Year Zero
you must remember there was it was the
media in a kind of two-pronged thing I'd
written this for the Daily Mirror The
Daily Mirror produced two issues one
issue was almost entirely Cambodia and
that issue sold out but people gave in
small amounts that amounted to millions
of pounds the BBC is an ITV program the
BBC joined in can you believe there was
children's bring and buy campaign at
schools in primary schools using my film
that raised a million pounds and all of
this all of this went directly into
helping people of Cambodia it became not
so much charity because the film itself
was a political film it became something
of a cause John Pilger thank you more
from John Pilger after the break
including him challenging South African
leader Nelson Mandela all the support
coming up in part two of going
underground welcome back we're still
here with legendary journalist and
filmmaker John Pilger John your
journalism has up until the questionable
victory to some of the anti-apartheid
struggle let's go to a clip where you
rather than just celebrating the freedom
of Nelson Mandela
finally you challenge him I read that in
Bangkok this year you said we are
willing to deal with any region
irrespective of the internal policies of
any country is that is that correct
oh yes certainly what would have
happened to South Africa though if that
had been applied to the ANC during the
struggle if that attitude of Tolerance
had been applied surely apartheid might
have lasted longer than a fundamental
difference with apatit I should say
every other journalist at this time
would celebrate the same ones that were
calling him a terrorist actually on
British media we're now celebrating the
freedom of this man well it was a lot to
celebrate and I celebrated at two short
he done 27 years inside and his
extraordinary my anniversary fourth
anniversary of his death actually yes
his extra extra absolutely with all the
lies and the first thing he said when I
met him he said it's a great honor to
have been banned from my country I've
never found the president of a country
even to suggest something like he knows
of your work to me yes one of the early
questions I asked him was you've been
really made into a saint how do you feel
about that and he said it's not the job
I applied for he had a good sense of
irony although he didn't like the
challenge and it was a time when Mandela
was being treated as a saint by all
kinds of people for all kinds of reasons
white liberals in
south africa who really got away the
white population let's say what the
white population had got away scot-free
actually and mandela was their ticket
because he made south africa respectable
again i challenged mandela on a few
things one what he'd said when he was
released that all the great industries
and and the resources of south africa
the gold and the minerals and the mines
would come under public ownership and be
owned by the people that the Freedom
Charter which the ANC said that it stood
by would apply and he says it does in in
this film of yours he says it does but
it doesn't and that's when he said to me
in in this interview I have to tell you
that privatization is the fundamental
policy of the ANC and I said to him but
that's the very opposite of what you
said when you were released and that got
me into quite a bit of trouble because I
was seen as being disrespectful to
Mandela by even challenging him but that
film apart I did not die which said
there were two apartheid there was
racial apartheid and there was economic
one would say class but economic
apartheid economic apartheid did not
change and today I've just been in South
Africa economic apartheid runs right
through the country the majority of its
people over 30 million still living the
most grinding poverty while I was there
there was a terrible case not untypical
of a young black kid who drowned in a
school latrine a pit in the same
newspaper as I turned the pages there
was South Africa's first black billion
there that South Africa has almost
become a kind of model for an economic
apartheid across the world and that
hasn't changed and I suppose that was
the essence that was fairly clear to me
at the time when I interviewed Mandela
that was really the only question that
as a journalist I could ask him it was a
terribly respectful interview and we
spent some time chatting afterwards and
so on so but he had said one thing and
then said another thing and the other
thing did not offer any real help to the
majority of his people in which who
would put such faith in him not only in
him but the whole ANC apparatus he was
he was very very faithful very loyal to
the ANC and the ANC now has has got a
bad reputation in South Africa and we're
not talking about white people we're
talking about the majority people I've
got to say that question did inspire me
to ask him in a few years later when he
was selling arms in the Middle East
doesn't matter
himself I said do you think that through
a lot of your fans as it were around the
world you're known for your foreign
affairs documentaries and filmmaking and
yet you made scores of films attacking
abuses of power in this country yeah
and the same people who adore your films
in certain foreign countries and not
others maybe forget about the ones you
made against Britain British policy when
I first came to Britain from Australia I
was sent to by the Daily Mirror to work
and of course live in the north of
England and this was during the most
ferocious winter since the 17th century
and I didn't have a coat but I loved the
place I was almost
in the end of the Industrial Revolution
the 60s and the mines were still
operating so here was another class of
Britain's I drew personally and
professionally very close to
understanding that great industrial
history and its struggle I knew that in
Australia I knew it through my parents
and so I was I think quite committed at
that stage to write and film quite a lot
about the struggle in this country and
to hear its witnesses and I made one
film for Granada called conversations
with a working man and it was simply
Jack who was a dye worker in Keithley in
Yorkshire who spent his days standing up
in Dai up to his up to his knees almost
and I asked him what he thought about
and what his politics were and what his
passions were and I got more from that
interview from Jack and from his family
I think than from many interviews I've
done with people with great
institutional titles there are Jack's
these days of course they worked in in
in in great warehouses packaging up
things to send us and they work in the
so-called hospitality business and so
and if I have starting again perhaps I'd
go to them but it's the one I would
think it is the one major element
missing and that is a story of work in
the story of working people the media
although the accents have changed
there's plenty of diversity but the
story of working-class people and how
they think and speak
and what they want and is still in many
respects in many respects suppress you
particularly attack of course the
broadcast is here in Britain not just
the BBC but there's Dave my lady BBC
when it comes to their coverage of Wars
and that's a little clip here from the
war you don't see where you
cross-examined someone from the BBC
mm-hmm who's the Palestinian equivalent
of mark wrecker who appeared so often
who's the Palestinian equivalent of all
those mainly female Israeli spokespeople
during Operation Cast Lead who was who
is their equivalent articulate in
English given given a space right at the
top of BBC News who is I think that's a
very good point you know who are those
people yes why hasn't the BBC but that's
not our job to go out and appoint the
Palestinians glad you say you're
impartial surely you would find somebody
to be yes at mister rigour of saying his
say but then his equivalent we do and we
did you don't actually you don't have an
equivalent of Mark Regev that's just not
true just because there isn't an
equivalent of Mark Regev
doesn't mean to say that we didn't allow
those viewpoints which you've just
expressed to be heard across the range
of our output
well Greg if now the Israeli ambassador
to to brick indeed indeed he's going up
assuming that's a promotion what did
this BBC Gandhi mean the BBC is has the
most brilliant production values it
produces the most extraordinary Natural
History and drama series but the BBC is
and has long been the most refined
propaganda service in the world
I find the double standards these bogus
attacks on RT if you compared with the
the BBC's record of suppression
I remember calculating during the Irish
War something like 48 major
BBC programmes either banned doctored or
delayed but around the BBC there's a
sort of cult that if you enter the BBC
you immediately rise to a Nirvana of of
impartiality and there are two sides to
everything that's nonsense to begin with
but the BBC is an extension of the
established order in this country I
don't think that's even controversial it
just is it does some very fine work but
it just isn't for to claim that it isn't
and others are really subvert in the
British state by giving another view
it's just absurd if a journalist out
there watching but wonder we like you
let alone want to go to this exhibition
what are they supposed to do that
learned maybe they've got their first
job how do they get to emulate well they
shouldn't I shouldn't think of emulating
anybody just being themselves following
their star themselves being themselves
being true to themselves many don't
really want to go into this kind of work
they want to go into rather more benign
areas of journalism whatever but those
who do it's difficult but they should
stay true to themselves and that's
difficult they have to almost learn to
navigate through systems and not be
deterred by people along the way I know
that sounds rather trite but it it is
what they need to do if they want to
keep going the moment they accept say
the BBC view of the world that there are
only only two sides for an argument and
both those sides are on what we call the
establishment side then it's over John
Pilger thank you thank you that's it for
the show we'll be back on Wednesday when
as Bitcoin price fluctuation scares the
market we speak to the
Federation's deputy minister of economic
development about the new crypto ruble
till then keep in touch via social media
we'll see on Wednesday 19 years to the
day the Google Chavez was victorious in
Venezuelan presidential elections a
platform from which he transformed the
lives of millions of Venezuelans
implementing policies supported by the
leader in Western Europe's largest
socialist party Jeremy Corbyn
