the US president hasn't yet decided
whether to recognize Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel
that's according to senior White House
adviser Jared Kushner it comes after
reports emerged last week that Trump
will recognize Jerusalem as the capital
but won't move the American Embassy
there from Tel Aviv despite an earlier
page to do just that president's going
to make his decision and and well he
hasn't made his decision he's still
looking at a lot of different facts and
that when he makes this decision he'll
be the one to want to tell you not me
okay let's just break down some of what
we know here Jerusalem has a special
separated body status as the city is
contested by Israel and Palestine it's
been a key area of dispute in the
conflict between the two the Israeli
government claims Jerusalem as its
capital but most of the international
community does not recognize it as such
if the US were to recognize it it would
likely inflame tensions in the Middle
East now Trump's initiative to move this
country's embassy to Jerusalem which he
outlined of course on the presidential
campaign trail has been condemned by the
Arab League countries their
secretary-general warns that the
proposal would fuel extremism and lead
to violence a member of the Israeli
Parliament discussed the issue with
oxal√° Boyko in the latest edition of
worlds apart if any negotiation has to
happen it has first of all to be
sponsored by an international the
international community and not only by
the United States the United States of
America is not an objective power in
what's concerning Israel and Palestine
we have seen already how trumps are the
administration and Trump himself is
acting on different issues he's
unpredictable he is the this is the
least we can say he is not stable in his
policy and for my regret it is known
that all the people that are working
with him on the palestinian-israeli
issue are very very much loyal to the
Israeli side if
take into consideration also the
American interests in the region and how
Israel is serving these interests for my
regret that's why I do not see that the
United States of America especially
headed by Trump is a good news for the
Palestinian issue
