four men and a woman have been detained
on suspicion of carrying out an attack
on a Jewish family in Paris back in
September Maria finocchiona reports and
what officials have called a hateful
assault for men the oldest 50 years old
and the youngest 20 and a 19 year old
woman suspected of participating in an
assault against a Jewish family in Paris
northeastern suburb have now been
detained and put under investigation the
detention is provisional which means
they haven't been charged yet the
incident in question happened early in
September when a group of attackers
broke into the house of a local Jewish
community leader the man his wife and
their son were tied up beaten and robbed
according to local head to submit a
crime watchdog organization one of the
attackers shouted your Jewish people saw
you have money
according to the family's lawyer
although it is yet to be investigated
whether the attack was actually
religiously motivated shortly after it
happened various Jewish organizations
and France condemned it as anti-semitic
parts of French society are becoming
increasingly anti-semitic on one hand
and this hate towards Jews is being
accepted and tolerated by other parts we
call on French authorities to firmly
root out societal anti-semitism and it's
passive acceptance the case also got the
attention of Israel's ambassador to
France she also condemned it on Twitter
Frances interior minister was also quick
to estimates that the attack appears to
be directly linked to their religion but
again despite these claims it is up to
investigators right now to find out
whether the attack was connected to the
victims religion or not
France is home to the largest Jewish
community in Europe about half a million
but in recent years around 20 thousand
of them have fled the country
that some put in connection with a
number of crimes where Jewish people are
targeted on Elizabeth Luce is a
columnist for the UK's Telegraph
newspaper and she is of the opinion
similar incidents of potential hate
attacks
or in the rise in front those people who
are paying too much attention to
propaganda on the internet on various
radical television channels etc have
been fed all style anti-semitism
propaganda and they believe it this is
something that has grown in France in
the past thirty years it has grown on
one side with the with the growth of
Islamism in the world and it has grown
also with the rise of modern techniques
of communication I think it started in
the 1980s with satellite television and
then it was the internet and nobody is
doing properly the kind of work to
re-educate that segment it's very
difficult how do will you dear addict
lies people you have radicalization in
all countries in the world
