from defense to offense seven NATO
members are considering a more
aggressive approach to tackling
state-sponsored hacking they say
retaliation could even involve cyber
attacks however there could be some
hidden pitfalls it's very difficult to
prove the source of any attack but more
than that
here's Murat Castillo a first came
armies then navies Air Force's next now
there are cyber armies there is a change
in the mindset to accept that computers
just like aircraft and ships have an
offensive capability in 2014 NATO
recognized the need for collective
self-defense in the cyber sphere self
defence in 2016
NATO recognized the online world as a
battleground land air sea and the
Internet in 2017 they're now talking
about offensive capabilities a fence
attack boy that escalated quickly it is
inevitable because the way competition
works if someone doesn't do something
then someone else will and so either
you're doing it offensively or you're
doing it defensively so the likelihood
of it occurring is very high and I would
say that most responsible heads of state
would would would be on board with such
a program the United States Britain
Germany Norway Spain Denmark and the
Netherlands have announced that they'll
now respond to alleged cyber attacks
with their own the problem here is not
that all these countries shouldn't they
have the right to stand up for
themselves every nation does the problem
is how on earth are you going to prove
anything given the ability to use
proxies and to spoof it's very difficult
to tell where a cyber attack originates
from when the target is able to capture
the code that compromised some machine
they can sometimes read the signature of
that code and say oh that looks like
Russian code or looks like Chinese code
or
looks like Israeli code so they can say
it reminds us of it has sections or
modules that look like ones we've seen
before
and so that type of forensic analysis
can be used to determine the likely
source but you can't tell where the
actual payload came from that isn't
fantasy thanks to WikiLeaks we know that
the CIA has an entire mechanism
dedicated to impersonating others they
do this by faking digital IDs and by
leaving behind traces leading to third
parties like China or Russia which begs
the question how do you respond to your
email being hacked when you can't
reliably deduce who did it do you crash
your suspected adversary's bank network
will bring down a power plant
perhaps the National traffic light
system there's nothing no rules the
cyber world is wilder than the Wild West
ever was
