unverified allegations and deceit swirl
around the White House as accusations
build over the motive of president
Trump's firing of former FBI director
James Comey in May now that's all back
in the spotlight after Michael Flynn who
was Trump's security adviser admitted
last week he had lied about the talks he
had with Russian officials with
Democrats saying commis firing who was
investigating links to Moscow amounts to
an obstruction of justice what we're
beginning to see is the putting together
of case of obstruction of justice I
think we see this in the indictments the
four indictments and pleas that have
just taken place he sets out that he
wasn't acting as a rogue agent that in
fact he was acting with the knowledge
and at the direction of people who were
senior members of the transition team I
think probably all of which ultimately
ended up in the administration well
Donald Trump tweeted on Saturday to
explain that he had fired Flynn for
lying to the vice president and to the
FBI but critics say that Trump has in
fact incriminating himself by admitting
that he knew about the lies in his
Twitter post but as Jacqueline fuga
explains the mainstream media has
descended into what looks like another
fake news frenzy after almost a year of
investigations into whether Team Trump
and Big Bad Russia were in on it
together the only concrete things to
come out of those inquiries is a couple
charges of making false statements and a
shocking revelation that we knew a year
ago this building doesn't see anything
necessarily you know inappropriate about
contact between members of the incoming
administration and foreign officials no
matter what country they're from no
right no and again this has been ongoing
we have no you know no comment or no
problem with them doing such on their
own the Obama administration saw no
issue in Michael Flynn's conversations
with the then Russian ambassador because
it was par for the course but that
didn't stop the media running wild over
his guilty plea throwing fact-checking
to the wind like ABC's award-winning
chief investigative correspondent Brian
who won't be on the air for the next
four weeks because of his false
reporting on Flynn he's prepared to
testify we are told by a confident
against President Trump against members
of the Trump family and others in the
White House he's prepared to testify the
President Trump as a candidate Donald
Trump ordered him directed him to make
contact with the Russians which
contradicts all that Donald Trump has
said at this point that bombshell
reports sent shockwaves across the
nation even tanking the US stock market
only to be proved fake in reality
Michael Flynn was asked to contact the
Russians only after Trump had already
won the election which makes a world of
difference
you can't sway a vote that's already
played out ABC issued an apology about
how they deeply regret this serious
error saying they had not fully vetted
Ross a story well maybe they should have
known better given his history of
producing fake news back in 2001 Ross
made the explosive claim that Saddam
Hussein may have been responsible for
anthrax attacks in the u.s. citing only
anonymous sources the White House
personally shot down that story and what
they referred to as concocted claims one
news agency described Ross as quote
having produced more high-level
haphazard reporting than perhaps any
other reporter on television although to
be fair he's far from alone when it
comes to myths reporting especially when
it comes to stories on Russia
he will dispute that he ever assured the
president that he was not under any kind
of Investigation March 2:30 if anything
again ani I think on April 11th as well
I told him we're not investigating him
personally that was true
corrections clarifications and apologies
are all well and good but more often
than not once the fake story is out of
the bag the retraction does little to
put it back in
