Amnesty International has raised concern
over oil company shells relationship
with the Nigerian government during the
1990s that period saw a brutal crackdown
on anti-pollution protesters in the
country at a most international we've
been through a vast cache of internal
shell records from this period and we
believe that they demonstrate a
troubling relationship between the
company and the Nigerian government
people were subjected to constant
harassment constant intimidation
constant violations of basic human
rights here's the region where
everything happened shell wanted to set
up a new pipeline there and according to
Amnesty International it was aware this
might anger locals troops deployed by
the nigerian army to guarantee the
safety of shell staff opened fire
against protesters killing several
people documents when that time suggests
the company was aware of the violence
history's proven that if military
personnel are initially used as a
deterrent only it only requires one shot
to be fired in their direction of one
act of violence for them to respond with
the intention to kill shells image in
the world would suffer the intent of
this memo is to recommend that the
entire team be paid some form of
honorary as a show of gratitude and
motivation for a sustained favorable
disposition towards shell in future
assignments when we contacted shell for
comment on the Amnesty International
report it rejected the claims stressing
that it had never colluded with the
Nigerian authorities to crack down on
the protesters Amnesty International is
calling for quarter action against shell
over its behavior in the past actually
several years ago shell already paid
over fifteen million dollars to settle a
legal case over alleged involvement in
the killing of Nigerian activists in
that case the company rejected all the
accusations saying it had made the
payment in recognition of the tragic
story
we spoke to Malik Austin director of the
Europe third
world sensor an organization that
presented evidence at the at the UN on
violations by shell in Nigeria sch√ºrrle
the shell corporation was condemned in
2002 by the African Commission of Human
Rights but only indirectly because there
were no means of taking the corporation
to court it was the nature and
government which was charged with
complicity because it helped the company
violate human rights and destroy the
environment but there was no possibility
of the company to be charged a general
strategy of transnational corporations
in such cases is to avoid condemnation
and avoid court cases so in any
international process the corporation
prefers to settle the case on an
out-of-court basis to avoid condemnation
every time it was clear that a case
would be considered in the US or in
France companies have chosen to pay
millions of dollars instead of taking
responsibility for their actions
