Israeli warplanes have conducted a
number of airstrikes on a Syrian
military target near Damascus now
according to Israeli and Arab media
several missiles were reportedly fired
at a site in the countryside south of
the capital with some intercepted by
Syrian air defenses and others hitting
their mark some sources claim the target
was an Iranian military base Israel has
previously carried out several
airstrikes in Syria it I they claim to
be targeting positions of the militant
group Hezbollah are retaliating over
stray projectiles that occasionally
crossed the border into the Israeli
occupied side of the Golan Heights peace
activist Richard Becker says that Israel
is taking liberties with these
unprovoked attacks Israel has repeatedly
over the years and the decades taken
liberties to attack Syria this goes back
all the way to the 1967 war when there
was as railey attacks unprovoked Israeli
attacks that really ignited the 1967 war
and that was from accounts by Israeli
generals and defense ministers who years
later admitted it so this has grown and
many many kinds I think we could see
from the one short video clip that at
least some of the Israeli missiles were
shot down by the Syrian air defenses but
I don't think we have any reason to
doubt that if some of the targets were
probably hit as well given the accounts
