South Korea's weather agency has
detected a 2.5 earthquake close to the
site where Pyongyang recently conducted
a nuclear test the quake is reported to
be of natural origin but it's believed
to have occurred in the aftermath of the
test meanwhile Japan and the United
States have called a UN Security Council
meeting after North Korea conducted a
new missile test on Thursday the show of
force comes amid the intensified
military drills conducted by South Korea
and America in response to a series of
tests by Pyongyang earlier this year
amid all the nuclear rhetoric the US
state of Hawaii has begun testing its
emergency sirens for the first time
since the Cold War
it's concerning I feel a little bit like
it's it's out of my hands I have no idea
am I supposed to like find a bomb
shelter am I supposed to go to the
mountains should I jump at the ocean I'm
not very sure
regarding the new warning alarm system I
wonder what good it's going to do
I remember the 1950s when I had to put
my head under a desk in the elementary
school and heading in its warning what
good does that do you it's ridiculous
