Honduras has imposed a nationwide curfew
amid civil unrest and allegations of
ballot stuffing in the wake of the
country's presidential election
a country's government has temporarily
suspended citizens freedom of movement
to help the Hungarian police and army to
deal with the situation the unrest was
sparked by the presidential vote count
which the opposition alleges involved
electoral fraud at least one protester
died and around 20 were injured in the
clashes tension over the elections in
Honduras spilled over after both main
candidates claimed victory in Sunday's
vote opposition candidates el salvador
nasrallah has rejected the final ballot
count which gave the lead to the current
president one Orlando Hernandez
questions were raised when the result
about the result when Hernandez suddenly
shot into the lead late into the count
