a Berlin art exhibition devoted to the
concept of martyrdom has sparked
controversy by featuring terrorists
alongside the likes of Socrates and
Martin Luther King jr. those behind the
show say they want people to think about
while martyrdom really means artis Peter
Oliver picks up the story an exhibition
called martyrs Museum has just opened in
the German capital alongside Socrates
and Martin Luther King jr. it places
those that flew planes into the World
Trade Center the attackers of the battle
and theater and a suicide bomber that
killed 40 people on the Moscow Metro
saying that they are all examples of
people that gave their lives for what
they believed in it's all part of a
festival of northern European art
there's the brainchild of two Danes but
both the organizers and the artists
themselves refused to either give us an
interview or to allow me to film the
exhibition they did send this email but
what do the people of Berlin think about
mass murderers being venerated in this
way is it right to put these people on
display in this type of exhibition
hearing they're not from you know like
it was just a raffle I think that people
would have differing perspectives
obviously lumping different groups of
people together is always a complicated
subject and because they come from
different backgrounds I don't know I
don't think so why because we had two
different types of people and it's not
the same whether we agree with either
perspective or not as it's not for us to
decide because the act is I presume what
this exhibition is about is about the
psychology behind martyrdom and what
drives people to do certain things it's
not a problem as long as the exhibition
focuses on the differentiation of
martyrdom that could potentially lead to
murder and curses martyrdom that that
you know the civil rights for example
like that's just basic human rights the
martyr
yes died only for themselves for her in
what they believed and the other murder
because they killed another person or
many other persons I don't think that's
that you can put this together the
artists had previously explained to the
media that the idea was to try and put
yourself in the mindset of somebody who
was willing to die for what they
believed in even if that belief was
horrific to you a sensory experience
using lights and sounds
to try and explain the old adage of one
man's terrorist being another man's
freedom fighter the point is to present
a complex view on the world of martyrs
and we understand that everyone has a
different perspective but it's the
personal perspective that matters in
this exhibition but for some it's
impossible to see the artistic intention
beyond the reality of an exhibition that
places mass murderers alongside civil
rights champions Peter Oliver RT Berlin
