hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report the Bitcoin protocol it's more
than just money it's more than just
revolutionary it's a freaking black hole
that's sucking in every asset class
known to the history of humanity into
one glorious pop - who knows where Stacy
who knows who knows but you know what
all our gold bug friends who are
naysayers naysayers naysayers about
Bitcoin they are joining the frenzy and
in fact this first headline this gold
fund is joining the Bitcoin frenzy max
you'll recognize the name of this gold
fund gold and silver fund actually the
old mutual gold and silver fund which
manages two hundred and twenty million
dollars of mostly precious metal
equities is jumping on the Bitcoin
bandwagon wait until you hear the name
in this next paragraph here it's an old
friend of the Kaiser report the fund
started buying in April with a mandate
to allocate as much as 5% to crypto
currencies according to its manager Ned
Naylor leyland the idea is to take
profits from Bitcoin as it advances to
reinvest in gold and silver assets he
said in an interview ned nannerl Eiland
right yeah i saw the story med is
talking about Bitcoin as being
effectively gold it was designed to be
gold and now he's invested in it he's
putting money to work in it you know
he's been on our show many times going
back many years we talked to him about
Bitcoin he's been very reluctant very
hesitant resisted the idea that it was
gold 2.0 but now he's been swept up into
the vortex into the black hole that is
Bitcoin this is also taken over gold
money our good friends at gold money you
know they were like in the bed Bitcoin
bad now they're humbled by this asset
class and you know to their credit
they're adapting as any sharp
businesspeople do they now offer great
Bitcoin solutions over there at gold
money and other crypto solutions and now
the old gold mutual fund you know it's
become the
crypto fund Ned Lalor Naylor Leyland is
now convert I'm sure Jim Rickards is yet
to fall Peter Shiff will fall all these
names have been crypto skeptics will get
sucked up into the Bitcoin vortex and
black hole and they will become converts
and that's the way it's gonna happen I'm
guaranteed it's gonna happen before I
continue with this story the fact that
you mentioned the old becomes the new we
are in Durham
do you RM as they pronounced it here
that's where I get the Durham shirt
Durham North Carolina and of course this
is the city that Duke built that tobacco
the green American tobacco sort of
companies built this city it is now one
of the hottest cities in all of America
from Millennials to move to it's
actually like a lot of tech jobs are in
this Research Triangle more so than say
Silicon Valley and nuke these all the
new jobs are coming to this sort of area
and in fact Google Fiber this is their
last place that they're building out
their fiber things so you know it's
reinventing itself as this new tech hub
it's an old-fashioned monopoly of
tobacco industry making you know new
with pillow-talk I know Jameson WAP in
the second happy the third generation
North Carolinian and he's a crypto guru
early adopter getting ready for 10,000
we're gonna have a big 10,000 crypto
Bitcoin party right here in Durham
what's the name of this hotel
the Durham the Durham hotel asked
Jameson lop about that the big party the
10,000 party he's got a lot of friends
so it'll be wild yes we actually sat in
reception with him and everybody knew
him it was pretty crazy but going back
to this Bitcoin story nan Naylor Leyland
of an old name in the UK the United
Kingdom and all this I would Prince
Harry and you know this family I think
was making the cars Leyland automobile
or some old ancient historical
nonsensical no longer you know relevant
industry any sitting behind his desk
with his glasses and it's fine you know
Savile Row tailor suit and tie and
shared with the cufflinks talking to our
friend
Braman the very prominent deep gently
and they're sipping tea over there at
Harrods and they're discussing goal and
economics and we've been telling them
you got to get into Bitcoin out for five
or six years I mean oh no way old boy
we're only buying gold Wow Wow they're
begging to buy a thousand well they've
been doing their research and everybody
should do geriatrics like cement in
their veins let's move on to the story
back to the story because here's some
quotes so I think it's interesting here
this you know old mutual gold and silver
fund they're they have gold and silver
investors older money people interested
in gold and silver and they have a plan
and that is as he mentioned you know to
take as much as 5% invested in
cryptocurrencies take their product stay
at 5% as the profits as the prices
continue to rise and buy more gold and
silver with it it's an interesting
unique plan for their investments well
you know everybody has a different
portfolio tolerance and whatever but
here he is what he says Bitcoin was
explicitly designed to be digital gold
said kneeler leyland so if you're going
to have a small proportion of a fund in
Bitcoin it should be in a gold fund
because that's exactly the point it's
about bringing the ownership of
disciplined money into the modern world
Bitcoin is paving the way for the
reintroduction of gold as global money
so you had said this first I just don't
listen so let's let's like talk to a lot
of our audience might not know Nanao
Leyland so you know if they might not
know the the backstory to this but let's
you know let's talk about this notion of
Bitcoin paving the way for a goal to be
reintroduced as global money no I kid
him about net you know he's a nice guy
and he's a you know he's a gentleman and
and you know you have to be when you're
underperforming to the magnitude
introducing gold back into the global
currency yes because I've said this and
I'm glad someone else is picking up on
this
goal bitcoin is helping gold by
shattering the matrix of Wall Street
that is incurring the naked
short-selling and the financial
manipulation that going on in the
futures market of gold since you know
you've got t0
you've got the settlement is the trade
date of the contract etc that we see
guys like Patrick Byrne pioneering over
there at overstock we're gonna
obliterate all the machinery machinery
that's killing the gold price this will
open up their like parting the sea of
derivatives like bitcoins Moses parting
the sea of derivatives and through the
gap well gold price will finally get two
to three four thousand dollars an ounce
thanks to Bitcoin the ungratefulness of
the Peter shifts of the world and that
and and and the Jim Rickards of the
world who don't understand what we're
doing for to make them look good
is this mind-boggling so let's move on
because into his this his come-to-jesus
moment how he studied it like he's been
slow thinking about it watching it
studying Bitcoin and again I do implore
you you know one could look at the hyper
mania of Max Keiser the hybridization
hyper mania or you you know and and just
pile in everything you've got or you
slowly you have to study it and
understand what you're getting into what
your what the reason why you want to own
Bitcoin the reason why you want to get
involved in Bitcoin and that's a good
sensible healthy thing to do but here
he's like why he likes Bitcoin and the
blockchain what he has studied as a gold
investor as a long-term gold investor
Ned Naylor Lane says Bitcoin and
blockchain
resolve Gold's problems of divisibility
ownership and speed of transmission said
Naylor Leyland who's investing through a
Swedish listed exchange-traded fund
we're going to revert to sound money he
said if you imagine sound money and
blockchain together there's quite an
exciting potential outcome his fund has
about eighty percent in gold and silver
equities and most of the rest in
physical metal well he's referring to
Aristotle's four conditions of money
they got scarcity so
ability portability and desirability
bitcoin fulfills all of those has since
day one anyone who's a study student of
gold should have picked up on that five
or six years ago yes it does fulfill all
the conditions as aristotle pointed out
o sound money that gold meant is it
qualifies
so this bitcoin and he's correct it's
infinitely divisible it's portable
if scarce and it's desirable that the
condition of scarcity is the one that
people have trouble with they don't
understand how you can have digital
scarcity but this is the genius of the
protocol it creates for the first time
ever in the history digital scarcity
that's scalable immutable and it
fulfills all the characteristics of
money and there were I mean Peter Schiff
had a valid argument and concern when he
was looking at it and seeing that
there's Bitcoin then this Bitcoin cash
then there's Bitcoin gold then there's
ether then there's - then there's you
know all these crypto currencies all
these icos and their notion was well
this is infinite inflation and yet what
we've seen is that despite Bitcoin gold
despite Bitcoin cash the price continues
to rise I think all in it so it's like
over well over ten thousand dollars at
this point if you add in all the forks
the Peter Schiff argument is nonsense
because you know there is gold and then
there's silver there's bronze there's
diamonds there's collectible art there
anything there's a da Vinci that sells
450 million dollars okay anything that
scares people want to buy and it goes up
if they are looking to preserve their
asset values so the fact that there's
more than one crypto out there thousand
doesn't diminish the argument for
bitcoin whatsoever just like gold is the
perfect element on the periodic table
that attracts the physical attributes
according to Royce a bug makes no genius
an argument for same thing can be said
about the protocol for Bitcoin it's
unique in this way it's to entrench its
monopoly it follows Metcalfe's law it's
expanding exponentially it also follows
Fairs law for all your freaking couch
economists out there and where you've
got good money pushing out bad money
plus has got the effects of the other
effect I want to say also in the last
minute here
that it's been basically an analysis has
found that a million 4 million Bitcoin
are missing
you speak of da Vinci they found a da
Vinci after hundreds of years is worth
450 million
I reckon those four million Bitcoin
might be found in another hundred years
two hundred years somebody might find
the keys find them access them and it'll
be worth 450 million for one Bitcoin
it's in my sock drawer I know I left in
this song the left or the right I think
it's a left sock
it's a Christmas sock that I had with
little Santa Claus in Christmas tree how
many of the four million missing Bitcoin
are there about 3.8 million and it's in
a laundromat somewhere on 16th Street
the last scene I put the paper wallet in
there and I went through the wash cycle
so yeah it's like 3.8 million times
10,000 you do the math it's for us maybe
investigating but don't go away
much more coming your way right after
the break welcome back to the Kaiser
report on max Kaiser team now to turn to
Jameson lop Jameson welcome back great
to be here all right Jameson lop you are
in the Bitcoin space happen so for a
long time you know I've been in the
space a long time and it's hard to find
wisdom in this space it's hard to find
people with a level head they have a
certain Zen quality I would say you're
the only one that I have found that
actually has a even perspective so we're
talking about Bitcoin and you know one
of the things you say about Bitcoin is
that you know we don't really know yet
what this is all about you know people
are theorizing is it a replacement for
money is it the new money is it gonna
take is it is it evil is it great you
know you you feel that there's things on
the horizon still to be discovered and
and can you just talk a little bit about
this philosophically before we talk
about prices and stuff absolutely I mean
we're learning more about this system
every day you know Satoshi Nakamoto
created this thing in 2009 and people
have been joining this open
collaboration of this project and
they've been arguing they've been
building they've been you know tearing
each other's ideas apart sometimes
tearing each other apart and
it's it's this weird sort of new type of
human consensus I mean it is crypto
anarchy
it is a system where no one rules and as
a result it's very hard to decide know
what are the rules or how do we saw it
decide what the rules are how do we
evolve the system people are I would say
experimenting there they're poking the
system they're trying different things a
lot of times they're trying you know
traditional political or governance
methodologies most of the time those
fail and people are just gonna keep
poking the system and trying to
understand it better than the grand
experiment is going to continue so you
mentioned a phrase their human consensus
and this is a phrase a key phrase and
the whole Bitcoin ethos is consensus and
so it's interesting that throughout the
human history there's always been a need
to figure out how to govern you know
assume let's come together you know from
the going from the hunter-gatherer phase
to the agricultural village phase the
domestic phase you know you have to have
some kind of social contract as we call
this in the 18th century between the
governed and the ones being governed and
here in Bitcoin it's it's an the
consensus is completely distributed and
it's frictionless and you don't need a
government it's all run on game theory
and in the case of Bitcoin we it seems
to cleave down
sociologically speaking the the
community and it's gotten rid of people
like Mike herd for example who was part
of the core Bitcoin group developers and
then had a ragequit and flew the coop
because he wasn't happy about way things
were going then we had another major
break with this Roger ver Bitcoin cash
which is a fork of Bitcoin and along
ideological lines and who had the true
Satoshi vision it's quite interesting
cycle sociologically psychologically can
you speak a little bit about what
Bitcoin cash is what people should be
aware of it and if they owned it before
August 8th they owned it etc and then a
little bit on the on the on the
sociological aspect of it that I think
you'd do well
Bitcoin cash
is a hard fork of Bitcoin and so there
was a snapshot taken at the beginning of
August where you know whatever number of
coins you had on Bitcoin you now have on
Bitcoin cash and all you have to do is
get the wallet software that supports
that load up your private keys and now
you can transact on this new network
which is 99% the same rules as Bitcoin
just a few changes on the back end of
transaction formats and block sizes and
whatnot and so really what we found here
is there's this ideological split
between the the technical changes that
people think should be implemented in
order to scale Bitcoin to get it to
reach more people so the main thing is
people arguing about should we scale
mostly on the blockchain or should we
scale mostly off the blockchain
personally I think you know we need
every type of scaling we can get but the
the on blockchain scaling to you know
potentially infinitely large block sizes
has a lot of ramifications that will
impact the ability for the average user
to retain sovereignty and to really
decide for themselves what bitcoin is
and you really do that by running a
Bitcoin node and using that to secure
your money unpack what you're talking
about there so the large block size
correct me if I'm wrong but you know we
tend to put power into the miners and it
would be a move against the total
decentralization of this protocol of
this network and this is against what
would be the ethos of this totally
decentralized protocol and so and we've
seen that with the apparent conflict of
interest between those who sell mining
chips like over there in China at bit
Maine who are for the big blocks and and
they would be the direct beneficiary of
this so isn't that a direct conflict of
interest number one well your thoughts
there so I would say generally speaking
and I hate to you know put anybody into
a box but it seems like a lot of the
proponents of Bitcoin cache believe that
Bitcoin miners are kind of a trusted
guard
of the network and they're happy to have
nodes that are very expensive to run and
only large enterprises and miners can
run them because they believe that the
sovereignty really comes from having
your private keys and being able to
transact from that standpoint but the
the miners of course are potentially a
fairly centralized entity I think that
proponents of Bitcoin cash would have a
counter argument that you know Bitcoin
core is a centralized entity and and
they see you know their trade-off of one
versus the other as not being
particularly a big deal so you know we
could argue minutiae all day long but
the the proponents behind you know doing
hard Forks and changing Bitcoin faster
they're willing to make trade-offs in
order to try to get mainstream adoption
as quickly as possible
alright so to get back to our first
point here there seems to be something
bigger a force is larger than anyone can
account for our operating and that is
partly attributed to game theory so in
other words while this these two
political camps are battling it out you
have potentially the whole thing being a
moot point because as far as mining goes
you now have Japan getting into mining
with the 7 micron 70 1/2 micron sized
chips you've got something dragon mint
without just hearing about which is a
mining initiative so in other words good
old free-market capitalism is gone it's
still at play here and could trump any
political party and any political party
so far this try to coalesce has been
blown out has been wiped out is that a
fair statement and what is dragon meant
I've just learned about in the last week
or so I think it's brand-new what do you
know about it tell us about I think
there are actually a multitude of
initiatives going on behind the scenes
because this whole ordeal over the past
year or two with miners like blocking
segregated witness activation and kind
of acting like bullies in various ways
has really put a sour taste in a lot of
people's mouths and the people who got
into Bitcoin early on tend to be very
anti authoritarian and whenever they
feel that any particular entity or group
is beginning to amass too much power
they dig in their heels and they say no
you know we're not going to go along
with this we're rejecting you so I think
that there are actually many more
initiatives on the mining
where people have gotten frustrated and
they've said you know what we're willing
to put in the capital to help further
decentralize mining to make it a more
competitive market I think we're gonna
see more announcements coming in the
coming months and that in general mining
is going to become more competitive and
the miners are gonna lose a lot of their
kind of bargaining chips of their hash
power so the dragon myth from my
understanding is really backed by BTC
drak who is a Bitcoin core developer and
I think he's working with some chip
fabricators and they're just trying to
get the most efficient miners out there
on the market to get them in as many
hands as possible to further
decentralize hash power a BDC track and
what's his Twitter handle I think it's
BTC Drac I believe so what's your
Twitter handle just lop ello pp and also
if you go to a lop that Twitter you have
links to fantastic resources you have a
bit of a library of what the white
papers and other you know documents that
people if they want to learn I say to
people that they asked me shouldn't be
buy Bitcoin I say you've got to put in
the work to learn about it first because
otherwise when the correction comes and
we know that there will be a correction
you need to have an intellectual
foundation you don't want a panic cell
once you've panicked bought like you
need to know what's going on here a
little bit talking about price okay
let's talk about price we're as we speak
here now we're flirting with 10,000 and
what are your thoughts on the price I
mean you started in under $1 I believe
right I was I was in the you know single
digit territory yeah in the single
digits as we were so what where do you
see that going not to hold you
accountable to it I mean it's obviously
it's a bit of a speculation but what do
you or your thought is and you know
people come up with with various
calculations of you know if it replaces
so much of the gold market or so much of
stock or bonds or other commodities or
what-have-you
as I kind of mentioned recently actually
people were asking about buying low
selling high type of stuff is that it's
easy to buy low or buy the dips because
we know where the floor is you know it
can only go to zero can't go any further
below that but where is the ceiling
body knows where the ceiling is $100,000
Bitcoin sounds preposterous but I mean
we're 10x where we were a year ago
I'm not saying we'll do another 10x
another year but in terms of like global
wealth and global money supply you know
six six digit Bitcoin is certainly
possible in the not-too-distant future
now there's two concepts hyper Bitcoin
ization and the Bitcoin black hole now
hyper bit quantization I believe was
coined by the fella who runs the Satoshi
Institute what's his name do you
remember that pure Rashard I believe no
see other guy he's even he's kind of a
recluse I think it might be Michael but
but so hyper Bitcoin ization essentially
means that you just abandon the fiat
world completely and we just go totally
Bitcoin for everything right that is not
going to happen until at least we fix
the scalability problems so you know
that's what we're really hoping these
second layer solutions will do and and
really that's going to continue to be an
experiment of we're gonna see Lightning
Network come online and possibly even
other second layer networks and then
Bitcoin as Andreas Antonopoulos has said
it's going to continue to fail to scale
and so we're going to hit road bumps
we're gonna have growing pains
people are going to complain about this
or that and then we're gonna fix the
problems I mean it's all software and so
the software engineers are gonna see the
problems fix the problems and we're
gonna move forward right so in the
Bitcoin black hole this is something I
thought of just recently that
essentially the money starts to be drawn
away from the stock market so if you
have a stock market crash because people
are buying Bitcoin unlike the 2008
crisis that was met with a wall of money
from central bank's there is absolutely
no way to stop a a black hole a Bitcoin
sucking all the world's capital if this
thing goes 100,000 plus in a global
panic buying if if a sovereign wealth
fund like Abu Dhabi is saying yeah
they're gonna be buying Bitcoin if you
have game theory applied to the
sovereign wealth funds and this thing
goes to three hundred thousand plus and
the stock market crashes
is there any force in the universe that
can stop this Jamison laughs well I
guess nation states with enough nuclear
capabilities to blanket the world in
EMPs and shut down the internet for a
little while might be able to put a bit
of a blip in in the road in the markets
but it sounds like a bond thriller and
James Bond thriller is that why Bitcoin
cash attracts so many would-be James
Bond evil characters like John McAfee
you know Roger fair Rick V Mia
these guys could be the the evil doer in
a James Bond movie they said is that
what attracts them to it the fact they
the sense of unlimited power you know I
mean there there may be some some of
that I don't think that any of these
guys are evil I've met pretty much all
of them I think that a lot of it just
has to do with frustration and you know
they believe that the very conservative
slow process that Bitcoin core and the
vast majority of users subscribe to is
just not fast enough and that something
else is going to subsume Bitcoin the
unflappable Jameson lop ever the
diplomat thank you stay for the segment
absolutely all right super well that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser reporting match guys our stays
here we're like I guess Jameson Locke
you can find him at twitter at lop you
can find us on twitter at Kaiser report
that's the next time bye Oh
