we're considering the problems we're
facing today like always the United
States is trying to divide us since we
established the Union of South American
Nations they've been putting pressure on
us we're developing a project that would
ensure and strengthen cooperation
between Latin American and Caribbean
countries will be presiding next year
and we have a lot of plans for example
we want to use this platform to
strengthen our relations with China
Russia Europe it is a new policy of
cooperation with other continents Latin
America is facing some major problems
for example in Argentina Brazil Ecuador
presidents who used to be guarantor of
the nation's sovereignty and dignity are
persecuted now there are no more
military crews on South America now
powers are overthrown through congresses
and courts that is another mechanism
used by the u.s. to undermine presidents
who fight against imperialism it is a
constant fight the fight of all mankind
but let's be optimistic I hope that
nations embrace the situation and react
in a certain way making sure that their
presidents continue to serve the people
as opposed to American interests
you
