Sara a whole host of global footballing
stars here for the draw some of them
actually taking part number we pulling
balls out of pots others have just come
to savor the atmosphere which is unique
and we have managed to grab a few
moments with them which two or three
teams we feel of the favorites to win
the tournament well of course the German
team the the Spanish team the Brazilian
team but I think is a good time for
Messi to do something new even more
because it's the last chance for him now
it's late for the first time since 1950
I have disappointed are you as a former
as Yuri captain
I'm so sad because you know for us was a
big disaster but now to be honest with
you is good moment to to come back
stronger than before how do you feel
England are shaping up ahead of the
World Cup next year in Russia well the
last couple of games I've seen Oh
terrific
oh yeah he has been playing some
youngsters in there you know which
didn't play too bad but they've got the
experience you know and I think I think
they need experience badly when when you
in eternal eyes
it's not Uruguay who's winning the World
Cup I would put a four for my I think
point of view
like I said France England may be
dealing not in the favor because you
have to choose someone but if you I
think Spain is in a great moment I have
to become Brazil is playing really well
we know might be there again Germany's
German they are always a if we are not
winning the Cup they are in the second
place they are between the if
semi-finals they are always fighting
the bigger the non sportive not not the
politic so I think is I hope a big big
competition you know the the walk up is
a very nice competition a big
competition and I think I hope the
weather will be better
