the French president has tabled a new
plan for preventing human trafficking in
Libya and it involves military action it
has already been widely criticized
especially in light of the French led
Western military intervention in Libya
that left the country in ruins
Arty's the marathas DF explains slavery
and human trafficking a vile offenses
sadly common now in Libya but no need to
fear president macron is here he has the
solution Felipe's problem send in the
troops citizens we are proposing police
and military action we are not waging
war but this is a country in a political
transition political transition he calls
it does sound better than a savage civil
war more politically correct
nevertheless a number of African and EU
states are ready to help fight this war
rather not really a war says macron but
a military operation still round two for
France in Libya
today we're intervening in Libya we are
intervening in order to enable the
Libyan people to choose their own
destiny it must not be deprived of its
rights by violence and terror the fact
that slavery is so rampant in Libya is
because the country's army and political
order were obliterated and the NATO
bombardments six years ago since then
Libya has been stuck in a brutal and
bloody political transition as president
macron calls it or absolute chaos and
anarchy as anyone else would call it as
long as it is a failed state the problem
will come back it is a failed state
because the regime of Gaddafi that was
not a nice regime nobody says that was
was destroyed by by the French and the
British together in 2011 so of course my
con can do something now but it will be
it will reoccur Africa is the region
where the problem of modern slavery is
worst Asia and the Pacific region coming
in about second Central Asia and Europe
coming in third and speaking of Europe
let's discuss France because France
itself has become a key human
trafficking hub at least that's
according to the US State Department and
a new report from them
it lists France as a destination and
transit point for men women and children
subjected to forced labor and sex
trafficking we spoke to the vice
president of the Libyan presidential
Council and asked him about macrons new
military idea we we cannot anything
to be done without representative
Libyans
Libyans should be the one who do this
actions with the help of support of the
tamasha
well the right way to help the
immigrants to create a right investment
on the country of origin Libya is not a
country for regional filmmakers Libya is
a country of transit we as a Libyan have
already invested on Africa and we want
to see anybody talk about immigrants to
invest at the country of origin and to
help this immigrant to stay with the
loved ones
