a congressional committee in the US has
just revoked Rt America's accreditation
on Capitol Hill RT received the
following letter informing the channel
of the decision this decision
essentially prevents us from doing our
work on Capitol Hill in Washington DC
congressional hearings with both the
Senate and the US House of
Representatives take place on Capitol
Hill and you're required to have
accreditation to be able to attend those
hearings and report on them and such
this will limit and essentially prevent
us from from attending those hearings
and continuing to do our work now this
comes after RT America was pressured and
basically forced to register under the
u.s. foreign registrations act fara now
after that happened the State Department
spokesperson Heather Nauert insists that
we would be able to continue doing our
jobs we wouldn't really be affected we
would be able to continue functioning
after we registered under this law take
a listen to what she said when the
United States tells someone to register
under a foreign agent requirement we
don't impact or affect the ability of
them to report news and information we
just have them register it's as simple
as that
does impact our ability i've now
received this letter informing me too
that i have to give up my credentials in
order to operate on capitol hill now the
foreign agents Registration Act was
first passed in 1938 and it was an
attempt to combat the influence of
propaganda coming from Nazi Germany the
law basically requires periodic
disclosure of activities and the
finances of those who have registered
it's mainly applied to lobbyists now in
in the in the previous months RT has
been under quite a bit of pressure
YouTube has removed our premium ad
service on YouTube Google which operates
and controls YouTube removed us of our
premium status twitter has all
so outlawed and just prevented us from
doing our advertising work we've seen
numerous hearings in Congress directly
targeting RT accusing us of different
things so a lot of pressure is being put
on this network and and it looks like
another step has been taken making it
harder for us to continue operating in
the United States and doing our
journalistic work reporting on events in
the United States and the channels
editor-in-chief Margherita Simon Yan has
given her reaction to the withdrawal of
RT Americas accreditation to all the
self righteous defenders of the freedom
of speech who also ardently proclaimed
on artsy's journalistic work in the US
withdrawal of congressional credentials
speak much louder than empty platitudes
I can bring in legal and media analyst
Lionel now to discuss this in more
detail good to see you again Lionel as
we understand it this really effective
means now Artie reporters are banned
from all briefings on Capitol Hill
what's your opinion of that well I'm
holding in my hand sounds rather
mccarthy like which is most interesting
right now it says that with the rules of
the galleries this is from the executive
committee of the Congressional radio and
TV correspondence galleries the rules of
the gallery state clearly that news
credentials may not be issued to any
applicant employed by any foreign
government or representative thereof and
it says in essence by rule the executive
committee notified the Senate rules and
the withdrawal of RT networks
accreditation is effective immediately
so they want to withdraw news
credentials of RT network by unanimous
vote now here's the interesting aspect
from the State Department and I read
Heather nowart in October said in effect
that under US law registration is simply
triggered when an entity or an
individual engages in political activity
when the United States tell someone a
register
to register as a foreign agent the the
doesn't impact at all upon the ability
of them to report news and information
just to have them register it's as
simple as that well if it's as simple as
that
why must you according to this return
your credentials to the Senate
sergeant-at-arms
and be gone now come oh you have got to
be kidding
does BBC get one of these does
al-jazeera or CCTV or whoever I mean do
those individuals and if they don't get
one
why aren't they considered a foreign
agent now think about this and think
about what this looks like think about
what this looks like
to the world to the world you know
they're always talking about how does
Donald Trump look like to the world what
he tweets what does that look like to
the world
well I a proud member of my Republic I
asked the question how does this look
like to the world in the nation's
capital
the bastion of free speech the First
Amendment where scores hundreds
thousands of people from every
conceivable form of press that there is
they get a badge but Archie oh no
Thera foreign agent they're different be
gone now
look I understand this all started when
Hillary Clinton lost the election I
understand it and I understand that they
needed a scapegoat and I understand that
they had to blame somebody
so Russia came along right that's
terrific but this has just gone on to
the point where it's becoming absolutely
ridiculous and may I add one more thing
do you know how many people now cannot
wait to watch our tea have you ever
thought about this without due respect
to this grand institution but a couple
of years ago I
a hard time telling a lot of folks what
Archie was where is it why was it what
does it stand for
now the question I'm asking is how do I
get it is it on my table can I get it
online because RIT has been in the news
in one way or another as this forbidden
fruit this outlaw rogue news
organization and do you know what
happens in this country when you tell
Americans you can't do something
remember when you were a kid and your
parents said don't listen to that music
now it's the hottest ticket in town
so I don't understand number one the the
rationale behind this but more
importantly does anybody not see
especially in the halls of Congress
Congress that were we swear in the
Constitution where everybody's raising
their hands always to the Constitution
and the spirit of the Constitution where
we're leaders and folks of politicians
smell about talking to reporters because
of this freedom of the press but RT go
away stay away you're not entitled
you're a foreign agent I mean it is it's
tragic it's tragic and I hope that
President Trump or Heather now murder
somebody seeks to clarify this because
everybody merely wants to know the truth
and the last time I checked that's kind
of what we were all about yeah you
talked about the freedom of speech in
the US which seems to be more of us than
any other country in the world I think
you really can't get away with a lot
that even I wonder sometimes
are you allowed to say too much in
America so the other great thing is
you've got these organizations that
protect freedom in the media so should
we be anticipating them to step forward
now bravely to defend RT that is
probably in the history of questions
what are the greatest questions ever you
would think
that our journalism schools the Columbia
School of Journalism and the Poynter
Institute and all of these think tanks
at all of these libertarian
organizations and in Washington every
other corner there's the Cato Institute
and the Heritage Foundation and it you
would think there would be marching in
the street what they do to the least of
my brother and they do unto me to wax
biblical for a moment you would think
that people from all walks of life
irrespective of whether they agree with
whatever the editorial policy is of our
tea you would think and let me also just
say this is the irony I have been in
this business for thirty years next year
and I have been on every television
program talk radio satellite radio
terrestrial radio local TV national TV
syndicated TV you name it
and I am Telling You right now and I
will swear in a stack of Bibles or
whatever you want that at no time has
anyone ever from RT ever asked me what I
was going to say what was my opinion
what was my point of view or would you
not say that would you lay off that do
you know how many times that's happened
what I've been on CNN MSNBC ABC Fox
I talked to pre producers does the
public understand that when you go on
CNN like I'm doing right now I got out
of the car I walked in I said I start
talking to you that's it that's the
pre-production that was it if I go on
any other show I have to go through
producers they're going to check things
there is more free speech here there was
more unfiltered unfettered unedited
unexpurgated on fire wall free expansive
and expressive speech on RT and then
anything I have ever seen and the irony
the irony the unmitigated sick irony
that art he receives this letter
basically saying turn
your badge mr. foreign agent begone and
and also to hear somebody from the State
Department say oh no no no that's that's
okay here's the left hand here's the
right hand and neither of them know how
to speak to each other this is tragic
but in an ironic way does more to
bolster the viewership the interest the
curiosity of RT then anything of no ad
campaign no billboards nothing compares
to how many times you are in this this
piece may I say something very quickly
today we have a story involving a fellow
named Andy lack Andy lack is a head of
NBC did you know that when he was a
chief of the Board of broadcast
governor's he compared Isis and Boko
Haram to RT this was in 2015 I mean you
you there is no story about RT that is
too preposterous
if I read out stories and I made up most
of them and asked people which of these
is the fake RT news story nobody would
believe it I mean if anybody if nobody
knew this you would think this is this
propaganda mill that just cranks out I
don't know what I mean it's it's I don't
want to make light out of it if it
wasn't so tragic it would be tragic
Lionel as always I appreciate your
Franken and very interesting views and
I'll just put it on record at this point
you know Lionel what's your back because
I wonder at what point they will come
for you or for i but that's a
conversation for another day legal and
media analysts Lionel thank you
