just done so far seeing how much they
care about the security has been
really nice so far well organized and
people are really friendly here and
having a good time pretty sweet like to
our accommodation our food almost four
years later and Russians who triumphed
in Sochi and are being stripped of their
medals and given life Olympic bands why
in 2016 the matheran report explosively
claimed Russia used an elaborate system
of state-sponsored doping athletes
officials and ministers were implicated
like the plot of a cold war novel the
attitude to Russia returned to
skepticism then retribution as its track
and field team and entire Paralympic
team were banned from the Rio games
which left the clean athletes wondering
why we cannot have the Russians
completing again until they have adopted
the right policies that sure that they
are a clean nation never mind cleaned
athletes they have to be a clean nation
the IOC and IPC have now definitively
backed up Maclaren supporting the claims
of former lab boss catagory Rajan cough
who's under criminal investigation in
Russia and saying that infamous sample
swapping system has finally been
replicated but questions remain the IOC
standard of proof is not beyond any
reasonable doubt but rather the balance
of probability the presumption of guilt
is enough
it was Rajan cough who was the original
and only source of so-called proof
against Russian athletes this evidence
has been grossly overvalued we can't say
we are seeing the results of a proper
legal process it's a question of faith
to believe watching cough or not it
looks more like a religious Inquisition
where sample bottles had no visible
scratches they were presumed tampered
with as the Russians must have perfected
their technique and left no marks the no
argument basis for an unmasked ban the
clean condemned without any guilt no
presumption of innocence for Team Russia
what we see here is actually a violation
of the Olympic Charter which is
which stands against political national
racial discrimination so it appears that
in the name of protecting clean athletes
they are actually taking away the rights
of Russian clean athletes and in my
opinion the Maclaren accusations are
unfounded
and they're very politically biased
surely any athlete should be denied a
medal and banned from competition if he
or she cheats it undermines others
lifetimes work as does a ban slapped on
the innocent who has simply presumed
guilty we'll bring in now radio talk
show host and political commentator Dave
Perkins into our discussion welcome to
the program Dave I suppose let's look at
what was said quickly during that press
conference the IOC press conference what
they talked about is that those who were
responsible for doping for example
needed to be sanctioned hence the
decisions that they've made but the
clean Russian athletes should be
integrated into these sanctions in other
words not being able to wear the uniform
that's you know the theme is this the
fairest off option and your opinions for
the apps for the athletes who are clean
that there are such harsh measures that
are going to be taken one of the most
important events of their life well four
years is a lifetime for an Olympic
athlete and I was thinking about the
difference between summer and winter
olympics and I realized that Winter
Olympic competitors are usually I would
say on average older and so they've been
at it longer and their peak of athletic
expectations are right in the heart of
what's going on now but also they're old
enough to know when somebody's lying to
them and when they're drinking something
they don't know what it is and that sort
of thing so the presumption of a little
shared guilt on the part of the athletes
has to be a little bit higher I think
for Winter Olympics than for summer when
there are so many more children in
gymnastics and that sort of thing and so
I'm less inclined to to favor the
Felipe's because I'm more inclined to
believe that on some level there was
collective knowledge of what was going
on but at the same time if you're an
athlete who can prove that you are clean
I mean you're not responsible or
participating in the conspiracy that's
what it is then by all means you should
be allowed to compete the fact that
you're not carrying your nations flag is
a penalty but not the ultimate penalty
as it would be if it were an even
harsher measures so yeah I tend to agree
with this
David is Andrew here one thing that
struck me during this press conference
there was no mention of state-sponsored
doping the blame is laid at the door of
the sports ministry and the Russian
Olympic Committee on that basis do you
think it's too harsh to remove the
Russian flag in the Russian anthems from
this considering you know that is the
nation it's not it's not a sport flag
representing a sports ministry well I
can't help but believe that the reason
that Russia itself is not mentioned in
this is political gentleness on the part
of the IOC because all the stories that
I've read indicate that they're all more
than clear that Russia itself the nation
is responsible for the institutional
doping that they have found not just
through experiments like the Canadian
professor McGregor but through
whistleblowers like the man Grigory that
you mentioned earlier the evidence seems
to be 100% it doesn't seem to leave any
room for doubt that the nation itself
was involved the government of Russia so
not to mention them in the sanction is a
political nicety I'm sorry to pick you
up on this if there was evidence
wouldn't he just say that I mean he
stress he says look we aim for
objectivity impartiality or on at all
our analysis is watertight so I mean
wouldn't you assume if he doesn't
mention state-sponsored it is not
state-sponsored I would want to ask him
that question specifically I would not
assume it at all I would assume the
opposite judging from for lots of
material that I've read on the topic
it's not 100% certain to me I'm just a
commentator but I think it's fairly
certain to everyone involved in the test
the discovery of the problem okay Dave
we're gonna listen to what the evidence
you know when they had if the Commission
was pressed on evidence for the
investigations were allegedly it all
came down to the hey what do you think
of those comments there is obviously
much more evidence than that that is
significant evidence that does not
implicate the Russian government but if
you look at the language of the IOC and
the world anti-doping agency you see
without hesitation implication of the
Russian government or net and so I think
the punishment comes down to finding a
way to punish the government but not the
clean athletes and then they make the
gentlest the effort of reconciliation to
not mention the government in their
public statements that's what I see
going on here little bit of politics mmm
on that point
David Russia has been told to pay fifty
million dollars for its part in the
so-called doping scandal is that a fair
price well I'm not familiar with the
finances of International Olympics it
sounds like like they're talking about
recompense in international olympic
games
general for some financial damage that
might have been done reputation wise or
and for the future but I can't say that
I know fifty million dollars is a fair
price but it's a significant price and
if one that will get the attention even
over government in our day and age and
so I think that's another indication of
the certainty that the government was
involved Dave you know considering the
situation we've got is that Russia is
still denying that there were state
stomp sponsored doping and yet they've
got this fifteen million dollars to pay
what do you think they should do should
they comply or should they just ignore I
mean it's like this arguments gone on
for so long now one side saying you know
we don't agree with that and reports a
written aren't there haha on what they
don't agree with so what's gonna happen
now I've been kicking the can down the
road the IOC has been going too easy on
them and putting this off for future
consideration and now the weight of
several Olympic Games work that this is
on the shoulders of the authorities all
at once and that does make it harder and
Russia does have options as a government
that in other countries amateur sports
association might not have for example
the state ordered boycott or something
of that nature this is international
politics and and international relations
it's not just sport there's a lot going
on here and the Russians have options
they haven't even met on that they're
considering what I guarantee you they
are on that point Dave we mean we're
just hearing from the Russian delegation
earlier I'm not sure if you were able to
listen to it in Lausanne but they said
you know there will be a meeting of the
Russian Olympic Committee shortly and a
decision will be made about the
participation of Russian athletes I mean
just picking up on what you said there
could be a boycott still potentially
couldn't then there could be they could
well continue to claim innocence and get
serious about it and push back as hard
as they can and it might not even end
there but that would be a big step in
denying athletes of their chance that
their one moment of glory
that would be a big step in denying
clear victory to other athletes who
should be allowed to compete against the
best there are in the Winter Games and
that is clearly the Russian team and so
the implications of the boycott
are terrible and fractious but they
would also involve defending your
innocence in the face of what looks like
overwhelming accusations of guilt so
there's no one there's no rail on how
far the Russians will go to try to
continue to insist that they are
innocent or at least to make a show okay
Dave fascinating to talk to you that was
Dave Perkins radio talk show host and
political commentator thank you before
the IRC decision youngsters from hockey
clubs across Russia have showed their
support for the nation's athletes by
organizing a flash mob online chanting
we want you to go to the Olympics
joining us live now is an associate
O'Connor who is in Los Ana for us we've
been following this now the Russian flag
and anthem banned from the games have
you had any reaction from the Russian
officials yet well you know here in
Lausanne of course it's been a very
tense day anticipating what kind of
announcement would come from the
International Olympic Committee
following a day of deliberations behind
closed doors that were closed to the
media here who were kept inside a press
room for most of the day waiting to hear
what would be announced the IOC have in
fact said that Russia is being suspended
from the games but not individual
athletes now this is a decision that's
certainly going to be and is already
being seen as quite a fruitful not just
to athletes who are looking forward to
participating at these Winter Olympics
just two months from now but also the
millions of fans in Russia who of course
see it as a source of special pride to
see their own athletes being able to
compete and also hear Russian anthems as
well as wear the uniforms and this is
not going to be happening now we do know
of course that following this latest
decision the IOC has said that Russian
athletes individually sort of selected
clean ones will be able to participate
under the Olympic athletes for Russia
they will be listening to the Olympic
athlete album as opposed to the Russian
one and certainly this is something
that's not being applauded by anybody in
Russia to say the least but this is what
the president of the IOC had to say on
this decision
here we decide whom we want to invite
this is not about an exclusion or about
sanction this is about the discretion
the IOC has with regard to the
invitation of clean air fleets well
there have been some questions about why
if clean athletes are being able to
attend the coming winter Olympics why
they couldn't still participate under
the Russian flags and anthems however
this remains unanswered really as to why
this measure had to be taken because
some this is of course seen as sort of
collective punishment given of course
that these athletes what will not be
able to participate the way they would
otherwise and these are just really one
of the sanctions that has been applied
by the IOC we can also say that of
course they are imposing a hefty fine on
Russia of 15 million US dollars for the
inquiries that were taking place leading
up to this announcement that Russia is
now going to have to foot the bill for
also they have said that any officials
from the Russian Ministry of sports is
going to be not accredited to these
upcoming games that the minister of
sports at the time of the Sochi Olympics
of 2014 as well as his deputy are going
to be banned from any future
participation in Olympic Games and also
the president of the Russian Olympic
Committee is going to be suspended as an
IOC member now it has to be said all of
the above taken into account that they
have also said that the Iowa see may in
fact partially or fully lift the
suspension of the RFC from the
commencement of the closing ceremony of
the Olympic Winter Games provided these
decisions are fully respected and
implemented but of course we're
expecting more reaction to come from
Russia we have heard that this kind of
announcement would lead to a possible
boycott but whether or not what kind of
shape and form the reaction to come is
going to be taking place it remains to
be seen
although obviously Russia doesn't have
very much room for maneuvering now that
there's only two months left ahead of
these games ok Anastasia thanks for
giving us an update on I'm sure you'll
keep us updated with any more reactions
that
come to come to light there now in the
run-up to the IOC meeting this evening
there has been intense pressure for a
total ban on Team Russia anti-doping
officials and even athletes from other
nations have been demanding a full
suspension of the country Russia as
we've been saying does deny the
existence of a government sanctioned
doping scheme calling the unprecedented
actions already taken by the IOC
politically motivated the doping scandal
was triggered back in 2015 by the
McLaren from what was published by a
Canadian lawyer however the document
meant to prove widespread and
state-backed doping violations are still
being questioned over its supporting
evidence the damming McLaren reports on
alleged state-sponsored doping in Russia
has led to many athletes being stripped
of their medals and others prevented
from taking part in major events
including the Olympics however a few
things in the report just don't add up
before we break them down it's worth
noting that the International Olympic
Committee itself was not satisfied with
the evidence in a letter to Richard
McLaren the IOC asked for more
conclusive proof the document was
covered with the phrase how to
demonstrate next almost every athletes
name moreover it was admitted by wada
that in many cases the evidence provided
may not be sufficient to bring
successful cases dr. Richard MacLaren's
findings were issued in two parts they
claimed that over a thousand Russian
athletes were involved in a
state-sponsored doping program let's
meet the report star witness Grigory
drug chenkov the former head of a Moscow
anti-doping lab who's facing charges
over destroying test samples and the
emails presented as proof of state
involvement come from his own computer
Russian sports officials denied the
allegations but did Richard McClaren
consider to get their side of the story
I made the decision that for 57 days to
do my work I didn't have the time and
they didn't seem to have the interest so
I didn't do that
that came after the first part of the
report issued in July 2016 the second
came six months later so the
investigative team did eventually meet
with some Russian officials but not
Vitaly Mutko
the sports minister at the time of the
alleged undercover doping scheme the
central allegation of MacLaren's report
is that positive urine samples were
systematically swapped for clean ones on
top of that it describes how salt and
Nescafe granules were added to clean
samples to make them match dirty ones
and trick the testers that information
came courtesy of Rodchenko another
question this raises how do you swap the
samples of a high-security bottle which
is Swiss manufacturer guarantees can't
be tampered with Richard McLaren doesn't
have an answer on how the Russians did
it he just says it can be done and
that's enough if I've seen it I've seen
it done and I've inspected it and it can
be done in it can be reinserted we don't
know how the Russians did it but we know
that it can be done but despite all the
questions and doubts over MacLaren's
evidence Russian athletes are being
punished on an unprecedented scale I
hope that we will be able to see some
evidence for what they're being punished
and that is not that there are some
marks on the bottles because then I will
be terribly afraid of giving samples
while investigative journalists Ric
sterling did explain to us why he
believes the McLaren reports do have
little credibility the McLaren report
has been unduly given a lot of credence
in my opinion it's almost laughable how
the how the assertions in that report
are considered to be very profound and
very well justified when if you actually
look at the if you read the report and
look at his evidence there's very little
there apart from the testimony of the
chief culprit
Gregory Rodchenko before the first
McLaren report McLaren actually refused
to consider a written argument from the
Russian side he never went to Russia I
never talked with Russian authorities
even though he was accusing them of
state-sponsored doping and then in the
second report he never made time again
to talk with Russian authorities the way
he explained it is that he couldn't find
a time that was convenient for him and
for the appropriate Russian authority
from the the sports ministry so that's
pretty poor I mean it's it's a
fundamental principle of due process to
listen to both sides of the story one
could speculate that this is part that
there's a strong political bias at play
here it's it's evident that in Western
media there's much demonization of
Russia and the Russian President and one
could speculate that this is politically
motivated and goes back to the situation
in the Ukraine and the situation in the
Middle East where Russia has come to the
support of the government in Syria that
the West was trying to overthrow but
that would be that would be speculation
but it'd be fairly reasonable I think
before today's decision 25 Russian
athletes had already been banned from
participating in the games by the
Commission which examined their cases
many of them have been stripped of their
medals toppling Russia from the top of
the Sochi 2014 medal table
move shattered the athletes dreams and
ambitions
Sherman is a Scotsman of learning by
move muscle from some more authority
more efficient evening the mystery lady
whose motives or depakote that's called
being a look at when you go
the winning solution store minutes
trainee at an abyss key figure finish
native structure which is still yet to
Pyro's Espada receive a fighting machine
nationally disposes of sister do any
performance to brilliantly attack after
all every listener finding us near
before
well she's the Technische skill is worth
of it isn't that as a visitor Franco at
skillet earnest in my world there are
most knowledge to us it's trainee limo
fear anything at all first over the list
of several colorful food-related ruger
rather table miles seriousness of karate
relation will enjoy selenium freedom
after the world anti-doping agency laid
out a roadmap for russia in 2016 the
country acted swiftly with a number of
strong measures it did reform the
structure of Russia's own anti-drugs
agency and allowed international experts
to take control of its tests is also
made
doping a criminal offence punishable
with the jail sentence a law only
currently imposed by a handful of
European countries
masada met 18 out of 20 criteria saying
it couldn't meet in the final two as it
does deny any government-run doping
program ever existed but last month wada
still found the russian their agency
non-compliant ahead wada denied the
decision was political but did say sport
cannot exist without politics it's a
sort of
impossible dream isn't it because
politics affects every aspect of your
life unsupportive such an important part
of people's lives such comments may be
at odds with perhaps the most important
document in sport the Olympic Charter it
clearly states that there can be no
political or commercial abuse of sport
and athletes attorney Lucien Bologna
believes the entire story over alleged
Russian doping has political overtones a
political fight against Russia going on
worldwide not only in sport but in all
areas and this is only one facet of of
the whole picture in sports they are
trying to put Russia on the roll but is
using pressure against IOC and I think
all this makes clear that it is a
political attempt of border and that is
the the bad thing because water is an
institution that should protect clean
athletes and what they are trying to do
is is that the opposite we all know
sport is always used by politicians to
make them feel better make the country
look better that that is clear that is
known for for many centuries already but
but now it has become a new quality
where the attacks are all going only
against one country in the last year
only about Russia but there are all the
countries for example not respect human
right or other things and nobody talks
about them and we spoke to with the
president of the European Olympic
Committee's who also said the world of
sport has been affected by politics we
have the basic principle principle of
autonomy of sport of course politics are
part of the social life
- relief in the circumstances where we
have to take in account political
approaches but I regret I think that it
is very bad if politics would be
decisive in sports and I do not think
that we need in sports or anywhere else
you know the atmosphere of Cold War
Russia due to my knowledge did a lot to
be helpful to participate and I would
appreciate it
to remind you now of our breaking news
story Russia is banned from the 2018
Winter Games but International Olympic
Committee allows individual athletes to
compete under a neutral flag dismay
among Team Russia as athletes watch the
announcement being delivered at the IOC
headquarters in Switzerland well Russia
has been at ban them from the 2018
Winter Games although individual
athletes have been allowed to compete
under a neutral flag they will
participate under the name Olympic
athlete from Russia with the country's
anthem and symbols banned from the games
these invited athletes will participate
beating individual or team competition
under the name Olympic athlete from
Russia with the acronym o AR they will
compete with the uniform bearing this
name and under the Olympic flag the
Olympic anthem will be played in any
ceremony a Russian figure skating coach
Tatiana Tarasova has reacted to the
decision saying it's the worst possible
solution yet which states it there are
no words you know I don't want to cry I
want to scream the fact their athletes
have been allowed to compete as neutrals
but have to call themselves Olympic
athletes from Russia I think this is the
worst outcome
joining us live now is an associate
Oprah who is in Lausanne for us an
associate the Russian flag and the
anthem banned from the games can you
take us through what was said well
Nadira
no Team Russia this time around of
course a decision that is seen as quite
unfortunate to say the least by not just
all of the Russian athletes who were
looking forward to participating in the
coming up Winter Olympic Games just to
take place in over two months from now
but also the millions of fans who
expected to be tuning in to support
their team certainly something that's
been seen as extremely upsetting for all
of those people but after a day of
deliberations here in Lausanne in fact
the International Olympic Committee
executive boards did decide to suspend
Russia from the upcoming games however
allowing individual clean athletes to
participate without any floods or
anthems this is obviously something that
is being described they've called this
the Olympic athlete from Russia they're
not going to be participating now with
an Olympic flag but also an Olympic
anthem playing and this is what the
president of the IOC had to say on this
here we decide whom we want to invite
this is not about an exclusion or about
sanction this is about the discretion
the IOC has with regard to the
invitation of our clean elites
well the Russian athletes now having to
participate under a sort of neutral
setting is not obviously the only
sanction that was implemented by the
International Olympic community board
committee board here in Lausanne today
they've also decided that Russia is
going to have to pay a hefty fine of
fifteen million u.s. dollars that are
supposed to cover these inquiries that
were conducted on the issue of
allegations of Russian doping
involvement we also know that the
decision has been announced not to
accredit any official from the Russian
Ministry of sports at the upcoming
Olympic Games as well as exclude the
minister of sport at the time of Sochi
Olympic of 2014 as well as his deputy
from any participation in all future
Olympic Games as well as suspend the
president of the Russian Olympic
Committee from IOC membership however
all of that said it has been announced
that as part of this decision that the
IOC may partially or fully lift the
suspension from the commencement of the
closing ceremony of the Olympic Winter
Games provided these decisions are fully
respected and implemented parties an
associate okay now reporting from
Lausanne thanks for keeping us
up-to-date okay well before today's
decision 25 Russian athletes were
already banned from participating in the
games by the Commission which examined
their cases many of them had been
stripped of their medals that they won
in Sochi toppling Russia in fact from
the Winter Games there back in 2014 the
move shattered the athletes dreams and
ambitions the soil is normal snow
snorkel or two things produced you mean
habilis lows Iroquois it nippy died
Slovenia almost that's the plight of my
men kick that in his nice study I dash
but the first of do it is parries nearly
disqualified ceremony mutual forgiveness
presently in Nevada near the soup of the
edge to teach is to suitably just me
story should valid
canoes not born with secret right the
cars which bottom of the thing even oven
to meet you onion obsolete and joining
Morris do activities towards a total to
be innovated Houston user does not
really this any of what they see agree
with you I sure hope she started no beer
torching wall miss not as - but any
period that of the twenty so the free of
the tree but you didn't
okay we're now joined in the studio by
Alan Moore who's a Russia based small
specialist and economist thanks for
coming into the studio Alan right let's
start with a lots been happening tonight
isn't it
some say that this is the fairest option
there's going to be a massive mixed
reaction because obviously it's it's
it's great news that some of those clean
athletes can compete but they can't
under their own country's flag and
that's the whole point of the Olympics
isn't it it is I mean people train their
whole lives you've got children who
watching TV I know myself and Andrew
we've dreamed of representing our
country series of indie Olympics so it
is that kind of like great team to march
at the Olympic Stadium behind your flag
if you are looking for win a medal you
start there what your flag go wolf if
you're in first place you hear your
national anthem be played next year if
Russian athletes are in South Korea they
won't have any of that so it's kind of
it it's a lifelong dream ruined did say
what didn't say I should say during this
this press conference that we were
listening to a couple of hours ago no
mention of state-sponsored doping I've
been saying it all evening but the whole
crux of these investigations from the
McLaren report except rumors it's been
state-sponsored we're going to pin
Russia for this it didn't come up today
and instead it was it's the Russian
sports ministry that's to blame it's the
Russian Olympic Committee that's to
blame yeah if that's the case then why
high why aren't athletes allowed to
compete and listen to their own anthem I
mean that's that's the question isn't it
is it would you say this is a fudge this
is what I'm trying to get to I'm trying
to understand why they've decided to
issue this punishment at the same time
is step back from claiming it's
state-sponsored I think they need to
compromise and we spoke with this last
week when we were here to tour sometime
we discussed it that you know the IOC
need the games to go ahead they need
Russian athletes there they need the
Russian ice hockey team to play they
need the KHL the Russian based
Kontinental Hockey League to release
their players because if they don't the
rush the Winter Olympics lose just loses
cash Carol and that's been the biggest
problems because when they split the two
Olympics the summer
going every two years it's been a
disaster and revenues have fallen and
people have been you know not watching
numbers that they should be so they have
forged us they have forged it
this removal state-sponsored which I
know is a bugbear of money many people
and something that I detest it from the
start they're very keen not to blame
people at the top or you know if they
don't want to blame people in the
Kremlin no they have made a scapegoat in
Vitaly Mutko
that was always going to come down but
you know even then it makes no sense
you know buying him to say oh the
problem weren't involved and they say oh
well the sports ministry were involved
and they weren't involved they've been
very political with their language but
the IOC needs Russia more than Russian
easier see in this moment if they need
Russia I'm just going to jump in it you
know if they need Russia there why strip
them of their identity almost they have
to be seen to act Nadira and that's the
biggest problem because i said two years
ago actually it was you and i were
sitting here and i said that very glad
last summer that in order to be seen to
do something they needed to have a
whipping boy you need to hammer russia
the fact that they are now making this
big big show means that not only has the
fight against doping and for fairness
and sport has been set back even further
now I am Ritchie said five years now
it's ten years at least because you know
all the focus is for non Russia and
nothing else has been on the claim so
they need Russia to be in this role to
be the kinda penitent Antonia and say
look we're sorry we're sorry and let's
get on with it solder you know it's
useful for them they're useful this it's
useful to be able to beat Russia with
this stick yeah and let's be fair to you
I mean they haven't let Russia off the
hook here he came out and said Thomas
back this is an unprecedented attack on
the integrity of the Olympic Games I
mean no mincing the words there do you
think it will be enough to satisfy most
people nesting back to Seoul in 1988
seven of the finalists of the 100 meters
men's sprint all tested positive now if
every was an attack tour was that
there's been countless cases non-stop of
doping we saw the Chinese athletes
caught
so you know countless nations kind of
fought like in Greece you know the two
top sprinters having a motorbike
accident which turned out that they were
just moving away from dope testing it's
nonstop and I think we have to sort of
now look at ourselves is what our sports
for what like you know what if what uses
the Olympic movement because it
certainly is a big clean sport and
certainly not a fair play you know
that's the last thing they want they
want to keep the revenues rolling in and
protect themselves so this isn't an on
preset status just if we want to say it
it's the latest attack that's always mmm
it's bitter sweet isn't it for those
clean athletes if they're allowed to
compete if there's not a belt employee
cause I mean you know just a lot of
people who you know there's these rumors
that are now starting to be pushed out
by certain sections of the foreign media
including BBC saying that all sources
closer closer equipment have said that
Russia tomorrow will announce they will
boycott the games now that would be
absolutely mana because they have not
been able to get Russia banned as it is
so if if they can if they can turn
around and get what should be you know
to walk away themselves it's it's better
again terms of the evidence that was
brought up today I'll again they were at
pains to say look we've been object if
we're trying to be impartial but I Chen
cough the guy in charge of the Moscow
laboratory made a lot of claims we can't
corroborate all of them do you think
they've been fair and I say that because
they did we're asked about these test
tubes where there were supposedly
samples inside that was one for clean
ones at the Sochi games and the
accusation was they must have been
opened somehow I think we can listen to
what the IOC representative said today
when he was asked this question
what do you make of that
lots be made of these test tubes when
somebody's asked directly about it I
can't help thinking they can't quite
work out how it was possible these test
tubes were chosen unused because it was
impossible to open them except under
laboratory conditions and if they were
opened we would know and if you know
they've said we we don't know how they
were opened but we know they're open so
they are kind of that again is kind of
fortunate a little bit and it is very it
was a lot of or not all of this comes
from raw check of who for part of the
statement today has been quite
disbelieved by the Olympic Committee
because they don't call him they they
believe that he is impartial that he has
an axe to grind or that he is hiding
something and I do believe the IOC were
presented with a lot of information from
Rodchenko from his archives or from his
new material that he stole from his
Moscow laboratory what they haven't seen
all of us so they have to be very
careful what they say because god knows
what will come out further down the line
from this massive material when watching
cover order nations follow a favor okay
right now I'm going to read you a long
statement here because I've been handed
something that was there it's been
published on the IOC website it's part
of the report which means report and it
says and it's talking about this state
sponsor Davis bear with me so the
independent and impartial evidence do
not allow the IOC to establish with
certitude either who initiated or who
headed this scheme still with me on many
occasions reference was
made on the involvement at the minister
of sports level but no indication
independent or impartial evidence
appeared to corroborate any involvement
or knowledge at a higher level of the
state I mean that's going to change the
narrative lots of state sponsors state a
lot of journalists have been writing
right up to this point at the state
sponsored every story you read about
this issue
Russian state sponsored scheme it's been
proven in the weather report I can't
believe I'm going to read a paper
tomorrow and say oh actually it wasn't
state sponsored even though this is what
the Schmitt report appears to be saying
he's saying it's happened at the lower
level you know the way a lot of this
happens and I know from experience
through working through and seeing what
goes on and how these these and your
anti-doping organizations work is that
they're not really interested in
catching you know the top people because
there is this connection between the
likes of Rod chenkov and his friends in
America and the UK and Ireland swore
that you know this shared information
and they're all beaten attesting so you
know it really does this disprove many
ways the idea of state-sponsored which
in itself is wrong language because we
know ourselves it here in Russia
everything is state-sponsored everything
is that's the way this works and you
know they do use it as a way to try and
destroy Russia I think now I decided to
eat the wrong words Alan if we look at
one of the things that came out today it
was said that not all the probes have
been analyzed yet but the decision has
been made hasn't it to to you know to
not allow the Russians athletes to to
wear the uniforms that they identified
apart from in this you know Olympic
athletes from Russia away and not to
have that anthem what why is this
possible how is this being made possible
when not everything has been
investigated thoroughly new your simple
answer is its sport and that's simple
simply it there is no fair play in sport
I mean this level the the simple truth
is that in order to compete at the
highest level you have to do something
to stay there and when you have a very
well-paying job
at a level of mr. Barnes mr. Rhydian
Travis Tygart and so on they need to do
to kind of stay on top and that's what
they're doing and you Russia is very
useful to keep this there I mean just in
I was speaking with a Russian military
official this evening and his fear is
that the hockey team themselves will
object because they many of them who
would not play the NHL or for anyone but
they would all look to say have
government jobs and retire because
they're very good leaders on and off the
ice and so on that they would not have
your state jobs when you retire for my
sake if they go to the Olympics compete
my need doors will close to them so
there will be a decision made tomorrow
about that and that's not saying that
the players will boycott but they will
address it very very seriously and this
again is coming back to they want to
represent our nation you know under our
as we know there are so so many athletes
who don't talk who won't talk but
they're go to be punished by this as
well just very quickly out I mean
looking at the people that we know have
doped
25 I mean I know it's a lot from soft as
a thousand names put forward but they
found 25 people from such who competed
who were killed seeing that you've got
to assume that they were that's what
they're saying but you isn't isn't a
solution just to name shame and ban
those who you know have doped and why
have this wider issue with the flag and
anthem and force people to compete as
neutrals as long as they fit certain
criteria well I think it has been a case
it we know in many sports for example
tennis where people have had
questionable test results and then
picked up an injury for six months I
mean a lot of top players of this
happens I'm not just the top but around
the place I think that it's very very
unfair in Russia and they're doing this
there is of course a political drive
behind it
the one of the thing I questioned that I
have my mind is okay so Russia's barn
and so on as Russia was completely
banned what next who else will they go
after like my money would go nobody
because they will want to keep feeding
or should keep beating the drum say
Russia's bad Russia's bad because if
Russia is the only bad one then all the
other athletes are clean and then
there's my athletes from are in Berkeley
or at least new character it's a week we
can sleep well at night thinking all
we're okay the Russians of the bad guys
in the case you know the cases that
there's a lot of bad guys everywhere and
you know it's it's just a won't change
and now with this it won't change even
further Alan when I was listening to
that
you know the sentences that were use the
first bit was you know those who have
responsibility you know in other words
it needed to be sanctioned and he said
okay you know fair enough but in this
sentence actually stuck a little bit of
a knife thick but the clean Russian
athletes should be integrated into those
sanctions and they're pretty damn hard
aren't they
there's going to be a lot of people out
there who are just thinking no it's not
Nadira like the simple questions is the
answer is this is that again go back to
childhood always most important sports
is for socialization so last week I was
speaking with the rector of our the
facility phys ed faculty in our
University and I spoke with them and he
coaches the Russian Down syndrome team
and he sees the positives for sports and
how these young people then feel
integrated into the wider society
through sport right now Russian
commotion athletes they have a stigma
hanging over them you know they have the
big red X written across all them we've
you know the reaction is so bad and we
saw it in the Rio Olympics were an
American swimmer started to you know
make a big deal about a Russian swim and
laying beside her so they won't be
integrated they will still be
stigmatized and again that suits a
particular narrative it's extremely
unfair and again they come straight back
to kids here's a watch this and go
what's the point so we're trying to get
kids off the couch and away from the
PlayStation Xbox what's the point
anymore mmm has widespread ramifications
doesn't it outlook we're gonna have to
leave it there always good to have you
in the studio that was Alan Moore Sports
host at Capital FM Moscow thank you now
most of the Russian athletes who were
handed those live bands we were talking
about do the speed the evidence that was
presented against them and they do
insist who they are innocent
and accuse officials are violating their
presumption of innocence cake Partridge
takes a look now at how Russia has been
treated as guilty from the very start
four years ago there were skepticism
that Russia's first Winter Olympics
would go without a hitch
do mongers predicted not enough flights
not enough hotels and not enough snow
you're concerned about Sochi squalor in
Sochi double toilets and missing door
handles the water that came out of the
town problem with the door but the host
games went so well even critics had to
admit they were a hit everything's been
amazing it's running like clockwork and
and everything's just going really
really well I've been really impressed
with everything Russia's done so far
really nice so far well organized and
people are really friendly here and
having a good time pretty sweet like who
our accommodation our food almost four
years later and Russians who triumphed
in Sochi and are being stripped of their
medals and given life Olympic bands why
in 2016 the matheran report explosively
claimed Russia used an elaborate system
of state-sponsored doping athletes
officials and ministers were implicated
like the plot of a cold war novel the
attitude to Russia returned to
skepticism then retribution as its track
and field team and entire Paralympic
team were banned from the Rio games
which left the clean athletes wondering
why we cannot have the Russians
competing again until they have adopted
the right policies that show that they
are a clean nation never mind cleaned
athletes they have to be a clean nation
the IOC and IPC have now definitively
backed up mclaren supporting the claims
of former lab boss kriging Rajan cough
who's under criminal investigation in
Russia and saying that infamous southpaw
swapping system has finally been
replicated but questions remain the IOC
standard of proof is not beyond any
reasonable doubt but rather the balance
of probability the presumption of guilt
is enough
it was Rajan cough who is the original
and only source of so-called proof
against Russian athletes this evidence
has been grossly overvalued we can't say
we are seeing the result of a proper
legal process it's a question of faith
to believe watching cough or not it
looks more like a religious Inquisition
where sample bottles have no visible
scratches they were presumed tampered
with as the Russians must have perfected
their technique and left no marks and no
argument basis for an unmasked ban the
clean condemned without any guilt no
presumption of innocence for Team Russia
what we see here is actually a violation
of the Olympic Charter which is which
stance against political national
racial discrimination so it appears that
in the name of protecting clean athletes
they are actually taking away the rights
of Russian clean athletes and in my
opinion the Maclaren accusations are
unfounded and they're very politically
biased surely any athlete should be
denied a medal and banned from
competition if he or she cheats it
undermines others lifetime's work as
does a ban slapped on the innocent who
has simply presumed guilty after the
world anti-doping agency laid out a
roadmap for Russian 2016 the country
acted swiftly with a number of strong
measures it reformed the structure of
Russia's own anti-drugs agency and
allowed international experts to take
control of its tests it also made doping
a criminal offence punishable with a
jail sentence a law currently currently
imposed by a handful of European
countries rusada mat 18 out of 20
criteria saying it couldn't meet the
final - as it denies any government-run
doping program ever existed but last
month slaughter are still found the
Russian agency non-compliant the head of
wada denied the decision was political
but did say sport cannot exist without
politics it's just sort of impossible
dream isn't it because politics well
such comments may be at odds with
perhaps the most important documents in
sport the Olympic Charter it does
clearly state that there can be no
political or commercial abuse of sport
and athletes this Cashmore was a
professor of sociology at Aston
University and he believes that politics
has been very much at play in the
decision-making process just listening
to the press conference and they fielded
exactly that question and they said this
isn't a political decision but of course
the world knows that it's exactly that
this has been a controversy that has
been clouded in political judgment
it's impossible to separate this
particular decision from what's going on
in the rest of the world regarding fake
news and the alleged intervention of
Russia into Britain's brexit vote and
even the American presidential elections
so there is a lot of this kind of stuff
swirling around the world at the moment
a lot of it is beyond belief frankly but
people are accepting some of it so I
don't think you can disentangle the two
things
Ryan denial about breaking news story
Russia has been banned from 2018 Winter
Games however individual athletes have
been allowed to compete under a neutral
flag they will participate under the
name Olympic athlete from Russia with
the country's anthem and symbols banned
from the game to these invited athletes
will participate beating individual or
team competitions under the name Olympic
athlete from Russia with the acronym Oh
a are they will compete with the uniform
bearing this name and under the Olympic
flag the Olympic anthem will be played
in any ceremony okay so the question now
how will Russia reacts we can talk about
this with leader Petrenko he's in the
studio with us hello again Ilya I
suppose people are speculating now could
Russia boycott these games completely
that is true and the question of whether
Russia will accept competing under a
neutral flag is of course a tough one
and that is going to be a tough decision
and it will depend on the individual
athletes but on the other hand you may
like it or not but it will somehow be
influenced by the Russian Olympic
officials in any way if Russia chooses
to boycott Pyeongchang 2018 this will be
a direct result of that IOC ruling that
just came out a few hours ago but just
to remind you some probes already
resulted in lifetime bans for more than
two dozen Russian athletes and we
understand that more could
this will affect this process of
inviting clean athletes to compete under
the neutral olympic flag as the IOC
given their reason for that a lifetime
ban because in sport that's pretty much
unprecedented isn't it well you know
questions have been raised over these
lifetime bans in Russia along the lines
of why do some international players
athletes that dope the ones that are
from other countries receive bans for
only a few years and in this case that's
it they are disqualified for the rest of
their life the reasons that you were
talking about in this case in general in
a nutshell there are two these are these
scratches on doping test bottles on the
one hand and on the other hand the
excessive amounts of salt and clean
doping the samples that the IOC says
couldn't have been produced by a human
body but is that enough to blame the
individuals for cheating while they
could have been unaware of these this
kind of tampering is that enough to
produce lifetime bans and is that enough
to strip the clean Russian athletes of
their right to carry the Russian flags
at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang
the answer from many here in Russia
would be no unlike the reaction that
we've been getting from some other
Olympic officials mainly from the West
for example Tracy crouch the British
sports minister is pleased that the IOC
has taken the decision she tweeted this
it's an important step in protecting the
integrity of sport and gives comfort to
our athletes that are competing on a
level playing field then let's move on
to a reaction from the president of the
German Olympic sports confederation he
called Tuesday a good day for
international sport and a good day for
German sport mmm I suppose we should
briefly add to Alexander Zhukov who's
the head of the Russian Olympic
Committee he said there are upsides and
downsides to what happened today so it's
a bit unclear at the moment how what
sort of action Russia will take
if any really I know you were in South
Korea too recently what the people there
make of the Russian doping scandal and
perhaps not seeing Team Russia there
well I was in Seoul which is not the
capital of the Winter Olympics 2018 but
that's the biggest city of South Korea
that is the capital of South Korea and
of course people there are in high
anticipation of that big event I asked
them if they know stuff about the
Russian doping scandal most of them were
surprised that there is a chance that
Team Russia which is an Olympic sports
powerhouse especially when it comes to
the winter disciplines may miss out on
it and now we understand it well there
will be no Team Russia
at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang so
I walked around I talked to the people
and let's see what they told me
South Korea first bid to become the home
of Winter Olympics almost 16 years ago
in 2008 Pyeongchang lost to Russia's
Sochi
but South Koreans hung in there and
eventually did manage to make their
dream come true but at the handover
ceremony in Sochi who would have thought
that Russia a winter sports powerhouse
could end up missing out on the games in
four years no Russian flags in Korea and
two months with the locals missed them
have you heard about the Russian doping
scandal no I
I don't care about it discography yeah
yeah I've never done I don't like any
Scott
I heard they use some medicine
yeah I don't know that it's true you
need to kind of enforce these rules what
do you think the Winter Olympics would
be like without Russia
it's like the International stock whole
game without Spain or England it's not
really again when the biggest player is
not there anymore
without kimchi rice there's an excess I
think it's unfair on the athletes who
haven't doped as well they should run
the people Dental Winter Olympics but no
Russia the coup by the whole country
that's some geopolitical stuff going on
Millia petrenko and the South Korean
capital which is looking forward to the
country's first ever Winter Olympics
that will happen without Team Russia
before the is a decision youngsters from
hockey clubs across Russia have showed
their support for the nation's athletes
by organizing a flash mob online
chanting we want you to go to the
Olympics
okay we're going to bring in Dan kowolik
human and labor rights lawyer and author
thanks for coming on to the program down
let's look at the decision that's been
made some say it's the fairest option
there's going to be a lot of mixed
reactions there what are your thoughts
on it well honestly I was surprised
given that only a couple months ago the
world anti-doping agency had won
concluded that there is not good
evidence for in regards to ninety five
of ninety six of the Russian athletes
who were claimed to have doped and also
the same agency wada for short also was
critical of those who were calling for a
possible banning of Russia from the
Winter Games so I'm a little surprised
that the International Olympic Committee
took this action in light of the world
anti-doping agency's own conclusions Don
if you're also surprised by the decision
that's made what decision do you think
they should have made I mean honestly I
am concerned about the polluted
politicization of the Olympics I would
have liked to have seen them allow
Russia to participate if they were
individual athletes that had doping
issues they could have banned those
individual athletes but to ban the
entire country and to only allow some
athletes to participate under a neutral
flag just doesn't seem to fit into the
spirit of the Olympics the whole idea
being to kind of bring peace and harmony
to the community of nations and this
just seems Russia just seems perennial
II in the penalty box so to speak and
that concerns me
greatly yeah or the boxing ring I would
say Danny Sandra here in the studio too
one issue that's come out of this today
it was clear that they didn't think it
was state-sponsored this doping scandal
miss Schmidt Commission has posted on my
IOC website it says that they have not
found any document independent and
impartial evidence confirming support or
the knowledge the highest state
authority yet we hear all we have heard
for the last two or three years it was
state-sponsored and yet here we have the
final report on the matter saying we
don't believe it was yeah yeah and again
you have these other conclusions by the
world anti-doping agency which cut
against these in doping allegations yeah
so it's of grave concern and if it was
not state-sponsored
then the state in this case Russia
should not be penalized and banned from
the game so I think it's very of grave
concern the other thing I'd like to know
is the other scandal that's not getting
the attention it deserves frankly is the
mass of sexual assault allegations that
seem to be true by American gymnasts
against their coaches apparently that's
gone on for years which frankly I
think's a lot more serious than doping
and yet we hear little about that there
doesn't appear to be any sanctions that
are gonna follow from that what's what's
interesting about this Dan when you
listen to what was said today I mean you
know there's this confusion about was it
a state-sponsored it wasn't it you know
it's gone on for so long but they did
say today that the Russian sports
minister was responsible for the failure
of the system that could be legal and
contractual responsibility so they might
not on pointed the finger at the
state-sponsored doping but do you think
this is if this is just another way
isn't it Julie
well it is and again
the world anti-doping agency recently
opined that Russia had been making great
strides towards you know guaranteeing
that this would not happen again and
again if that is true if Russia is
making progress in this regard if it
wasn't state-sponsored to begin with
then I think they should be allowed to
participate I mean frankly it punishes
yeah oh it's gonna take down that's a
good point because wada said that russia
is not compliant because it won't admit
to state-sponsored doping today the IOC
has said as far as we're concerned
there's no obvious evidence well there's
no evidence of state-sponsored doping at
the highest level they've blamed the
sports ministry but essentially why -
should allow Russia to be compliant
again well agreed and you know it this
just seems to be part and parcel of this
whole anti-russia drumbeat where where
apparently evidence is never necessary
just mere allegations and innuendo and
frankly and sometimes just pure fantasy
and I'm just very concerned what this is
going to do frankly just tore relations
with Russia they're just gonna sour even
more and to have that kind of souring
between two great nuclear powers is not
something any of us should feel
comfortable about I was listening to the
Russian authorities today and they were
saying at the end of these Winter Games
when we get to the closing ceremony we
believe we will be able to wave our
Russian flag again and potentially maybe
hear the Russian anthem I'm not sure but
they'll be able to wear you know the
Russian colours again and hold the
Russian flag they feel it will draw a
line under this whole episode do you
think that will be the case or do you
think this is just stigmatized Russian
athletes forever I can't believe it
would stigmatize them forever I mean
look the US has had the doping scandal
in baseball the US team has had the
doping scandal in the Tour de France you
know I think people have gotten over
those things I'd like to think no that
this would not stigmatize them forever
but you know it seems like countries
especially the US Canada
Britain would like them to be
stigmatized forever and I don't go along
with that Dan one of the other things
that I think is the Russian officials
that said when they spoke today said
that they're hoping that these Russian
athletes the clean athletes those
individuals will build bridges you know
will that will this draw a line under
the whole repeated press negative press
that we see against Russia in terms of
doping do you think they go ahead and
they compete I so you know I think so
that they have to compete under the
so-called neutral flag is going to be
pretty you know apparent at the Olympics
it's going to kind of stick out like a
sore thumb and yeah I mean I think
frankly would be hard for me in the same
situation to compete you know they're
basically you know going to where you
know like the the symbol from the
nathaniel hawthorne book right The
Scarlet Letter on them I'm you know I
just think it's it's not appropriate
okay Dan look we're gonna leave it there
always good to talk to you that was a
damn cover like a human and labor rights
lawyer appreciate it thank you thank you
mind and now the International Olympics
Committee has banned Russia from the
2018 Winter Games accusing it of running
a state-sponsored doping program
individual athletes who are clean will
be permitted to compete as neutrals but
only under strict conditions they'll be
given the title Olympic athlete from
Russia their country's flag and anthem
though will be banned to the Russian
figure skating coach Tatiana Tarasova
has reacted to the decision she says it
is the worst possible solution yet which
states it there are no words you know I
don't want to cry I want to scream the
fact their athletes have been allowed to
compete as neutrals but have to call
themselves Olympic athletes from Russia
I think this is the worst outcome
okay joining us live now is anaesthesia
Chirico now who's in Lausanne for us
you're back again
you've been following what's been going
on now the Russian flag announced and
banned from the games can you take us
through what was said well the Nadira
it's been a very tense D here in
Lausanne this press room where we're
currently standing has been packed by
journalists throughout the day expecting
what is going to be announced with
several options being allegedly
considered by the International Olympic
Committee Executive Board who had been
meeting behind closed doors throughout
this day to try to figure out what their
final decision on Russia's participation
or not participation would be in these
Winter Games coming up in just two
months from today and of course this
decision that was announced here just a
little bit earlier was seen as highly
disappointing not just to the Russian
athletes who of course take it as a
source of specific pride to be able to
compete under their own flag hear their
own anthem where Russian uniformed but
also to of course the millions of fans
who are following the Olympic Games and
of course Russia has been throughout the
year such an Olympic powerhouse when it
comes to these competitions that this
has been seen as hugely disappointing
for all of those people now in terms of
the decision that was announced we heard
the IOC say that this follows sort of a
mass manipulation of doping results and
they are claiming that this is something
that is going to be a lesson and help
move forward with the situation but of
course Russia we know has been denying
the allegations made against the against
them when it comes to this whole scandal
now in terms of the sanctions of course
it's not just individual athletes are
going to be able to compete under
neutral flag but also of course Russia
itself has been suspended so the Russian
Olympic team there's not going to be one
this time around and apart from that we
have also seen a series of other
sanctions being announced among them
quite a hefty fine for Russia to pay
fifteen million u.s. dollars as part of
sort of footing the bill for the
inquiries held by several commissions
leading up to this decision being made
as well as we do know that the officials
from the Russian sports ministry are not
going to be able to be present or
credentialed in these upcoming games
another step that was included today
exclusion of the minister of sports at
the time of the Sochi Olympics in 2014
as well as his deputy from any
participation in all future games as
well as the suspension of the president
of the Russian Olympic Committee for as
an IOC member now all of that said we
have to keep in mind that the IOC have
said that this may partially or fully
lift the suspension of the Russian
Olympic team at the commencement of the
closing ceremony of these upcoming games
provided these decisions are fully
respected and implemented by the Russian
Olympic Committee and we heard the
president of the Russian Olympic
Committee make a statement on those
comments let's take a listen Russian
athletes will participate in the
Olympics under a neutral flag and
without the national anthem
but this restriction is valid only until
the last day of the games we still
believe that all restrictions on Russia
will be canceled on the final day so
that our athletes can march under a
Russian flag together with other teams
from the rest of the world still this
decision will be discussed further and
the final decision will take place later
well obviously a huge decision announced
here in Lausanne today hopes are still
around that potentially towards the end
of the game as we just heard the Russian
flag may somehow appear but that's a big
question given that not very much time
was left in the lead-up to these games
that again are just going to be held
starting at the beginning of February
okay thanks honestly hok now reporting
from Los Sun then thanks for keeping us
up-to-date now in the run-up to the IOC
meeting there had been plenty of intense
pressure for a total ban on Team Russia
anti-doping officials and even athletes
- from other nations we're demanding a
full suspension of the country Russia
denies the existence of a government
sanctioned doping scheme calling the
unprecedented actions already taken by
the IOC politically motivated the doping
scandal was triggered back in 2015 by
the McLaren
report published by a Canadian lawyer
however the document meant to prove
widespread and state-backed doping
violations and still being questioned
over its supporting evidence the damning
McClaren reports on alleged
state-sponsored doping in Russia has led
to many athletes being stripped of their
medals and others prevented from taking
part in major events including the
Olympics however a few things in the
report just don't add up before we break
them down it's worth noting that the
International Olympic Committee itself
was not satisfied with the evidence in a
letter to Richard McClaren the IOC asked
for more conclusive proof the document
was covered with the phrase how to
demonstrate makes it almost every
athletes name moreover it was admitted
by wada that in many cases the evidence
provided may not be sufficient to bring
successful cases dr. Richard MacLaren's
findings were issued in two parts they
claimed that over a thousand Russian
athletes were involved in a
state-sponsored doping program let's
meet the report star witness Grigory
Rodchenko
the former head of a Moscow anti-doping
lab who's facing charges over destroying
test samples and the emails presented as
proof of state involvement come from his
own computer Russian sports officials
denied the allegations but did Richard
McClaren consider to get their side of
the story I made the decision that for
with 57 days to do my work I didn't have
the time and they didn't seem to have
the interest so I didn't do that that
came after the first part of the report
issued in July 2016 the second came six
months later so the investigative team
did eventually meet with some Russian
officials but not Vitaly Mutko the
sports minister at the time of the
alleged undercover doping scheme
the central allegation of MacLaren's
report is that positive urine samples
were systematically swapped for clean
ones on top of that it describes how
salt and Nescafe granules were added to
clean samples to make them match dirty
ones and trick the testers that
information came courtesy of red chenkov
another question this raises how do you
swap the samples of a high-security
bottle which is Swiss manufacturer
guarantees can't be tampered with
Richard McLaren doesn't have an answer
on how the Russians did it he just says
it can be done and that's enough I've
seen it I've seen it done and I've
inspected it and it can be done and it
can be reinserted we don't know how the
Russians did it but we know that it can
be done but despite all the questions
and doubts over MacLaren's evidence
Russian athletes are being punished on
an unprecedented scale I hope that we
will be able to see some evidence for
what they're being punished and that is
not that Aricent marks on the bottles
because then I will be terribly afraid
of giving samples while investigative
journalist Ric sterling explain to us
why he does believe McLaren reports lack
credibility the McLaren report has been
unduly given a lot of credence in my
opinion it's almost laughable how the
how the assertions in that report are
considered to be very profound and very
well justified when if you actually look
at the if you read the report and look
at his evidence there's very little
there apart from the testimony of the
chief culprit gregory Rodchenko before
the first mclaren report mclaren
actually refused to consider a written
argument from the russian side he never
went to Russia never talked with Russian
authorities even though he was accusing
them of state-sponsored doping and then
in the second report he never made time
again to talk with Russian authorities
the way he explained it is that he
couldn't find a
a time that was convenient for him and
for the appropriate Russian authority
from the the sports ministry so that's
pretty poor I mean it's it's a
fundamental principle of due process to
listen to both sides of the story one
could speculate that this is part that
there's a strong political bias at play
here it's it's evident that in Western
media there's much demonization of
Russia and the Russian President and one
could speculate that this is politically
motivated and goes back to the situation
in the Ukraine and the situation in the
Middle East where Russia has come to the
support of the government in Syria that
the West was trying to overthrow but
that would be that would be speculation
but it'd be fairly reasonable I think
Russian figure skater and 2016 and 2017
world champion Afghan Medvedev er thinks
it won't be fair if Russia is excluded
from team competition the main point of
my speech was that my rivals during the
Olympic Games will have a chance to
compete two times as individuals and in
a team but if Russia isn't allowed to
take part in a team competition every
sportsman will have just one chance to
win the medal I think that is not fair
well before today's decision 25 Russian
athletes were already banned from
participating in the games by the
Commission which examined their cases
many of them have been stripped of their
medals that they won in Sochi of 2014
which toppled Russia from the medals
table of the Winter Games back then the
move then has shattered the athletes
dreams and ambitions
German gets personal yani my moon must
do some damage already are
tell me more Maharani more the peaceful
evening they will stay with legendary
smoke waves or depakote that's God we
need the cocaine ago
what cash nakedness roshaniya minute
strange aerated and a biscuit figure
another structure which is still yet to
fire support the receiving machine
nationally the support options of sister
do any performance to brilliantly Africa
television evangelist net before most
official is worth the video that as I
visited campus at skillet on a summer
water services premium of fear anything
at all
first of illustrations of alcalá fools
drummer Gruber others of them also
finished at the cottage really ship will
enjoy selenium for you you watching RT
let's remind you about the decision on
Team Russia first the International
Olympic Committee says Russian athletes
can only compete under a neutral flag
they'll participate under the title
Olympic athlete from Russia with the
country's flag and symbols banned from
the games the Russian Olympic Committee
has been suspended with immediate effect
Olympic Chiefs came to the decision
after hearing the findings of more than
a year-long independent investigation
into alleged state-sponsored doping in
Russia the probe headed by the former
Swiss president Samuel Schmidt found
evidence of the systemic manipulation of
the anti-doping rules and system IOC
president Thomas Bach
branded the scandal as an unprecedented
attack on the integrity of the Olympic
Games and sport
you're watching RT and our coverage of
this doping scandal and what it means
for Team Russia for the upcoming winter
game to be back with the latest in five
minutes
the wealth concentration the
bureaucratic concentration is sapping
the economic vitality from this
entrepreneurial nation called America
and the Massa nations and the costs
associated therewith of keeping this
huge prison population in place are
draining money away from all aspects of
society and you've got the problems that
you would normally associate with the
ghetto like people nodding out in the
middle of day in the middle of the
street
Afghanistan is not is not a good place
it's not a good country and soon kacica
Bashar admit as hell about half a mile
above the swamp
his father his bull this tablet that
which are called Mahesh recyclable
seediest pavilion Kasper other
investment possible mechana worm Ultima
ones not the bidding madam Bruce Lee
evolved and silica vamos a little bubbly
best article owada Jahan feel invested
or modulus what a Titan American I did
not do that
communists were a stone that McLaren are
Malik a vomit engine kana to not
economical aloo in psalm honest Fiona
would put us at the nama City selecting
a solid Nevada - shaggy go to sleep
Aurora we already reasonably
voices investigate the water for the
steep the system over at the other wash
the series was released
if you trust the mainstream media well
then you're in the minority sadly a
great deal of media today is not
designed to inform but rather confirm
political biases this approach to the
news is not only polarizing but it's
also lowering journalistic standards
is this why readers and viewers seek
their news elsewhere
lucha de semana de Gama cuando cuando la
gente acaba de serie de today April
already lost in a mucho confianza de
salvo without the mineral channel or
anything
no we maintain make a when restaurant on
appearance is phenomenal upon diocese
algo como lo que no never in Arizona v
NN creciendo casino she America South
America Sonia a tourist a temple
join me every Thursday on the Alex
Salmond show and I'll be speaking to
guess in the world of politics sport
business and show business I'll see you
then
breaking news and arty Russia is banned
from the 2018 Winter Games but
International Olympic Committee Chiefs
have allowed individual athletes to
compete under a neutral flag dismay
among Team Russia as athletes watch the
announcement being delivered at the IOC
headquarters in Switzerland
hello welcome you're watching Artie's
national with me Andrew farmer and
Nadira Tudor now our breaking news this
air Russia has been banned from 2020 18
Winter Games however individual athletes
have been allowed to compete under a
neutral flag they'll participate under
the name Olympic athlete from Russia
with the country's anthem and symbols
banned from the games these invited
athletes will participate be it in
individual or team competitions under
the name Olympic athlete from Russia
with the acronym o AR they will compete
with the uniform bearing this name and
under the Olympic flag the Olympic
anthem will be played in any ceremony
well the Russian figure skating coach
Tatiana Tarasova has reacted to the
decision saying it is the worst possible
which states it there are no words you
know I don't want to cry I want to
scream the fact their athletes have been
allowed to compete as neutrals but have
to call themselves Olympic athletes from
Russia I think this is the worst outcome
joining us live now is an associate
O'Connor after who's been reporting for
RT from Lausanne forest anaesthesia God
you've been hard at work today
now the Russian flag and anthem banned
from the games can you take us through
what's being said well Nadira it's been
a very difficult day here obviously with
so many eyes from around Russia watching
the announcement that would come from
this room here in Lausanne where the
International Olympic Committee
Executive Board made a final decision on
the future of Russia when it comes to
these next Winter Olympic Games coming
up in just two months from now now
obviously it was a huge disappointment
for all of those sports fans and
athletes who have been preparing for so
long to be able to compete in these
Olympics under their own flag and hear
their anthem when they win certainly
these are very important things for any
athlete of course not just Russian and
of course it's been a huge blow to those
who have been looking forward to that
taking place now as you've said
obviously the latest is that Russia has
been banned so we will not be seeing
Team Russia perform at these Olympics
and this is actually the first time when
a country using its own flag has been
banned for doping reasons so this is
certainly something that's seen as a
very major step that's being considered
as an anti-russian one by the athletes
who have been watching closely what the
the decision would bring now this is not
the only sanction that was imposed here
affected immediately by the IOC they've
also said that Russia has to pay a very
hefty fine of 15 million u.s. dollars
for these inquiries that were carried
out on the alleged doping scandal that
Russia now has to pay for also we do
know that it's been announced that
Russian officials from the sports
ministry will not be credentialed for
these upcoming games also the minister
of sport at the time of the sochi
olympics in 2014 as well as his deputy
will be excluded from any participation
in all future Olympic Games the
president of the Russian Olympic
Committee is going to be suspended as an
IOC member and all of these factors
taken into account it has also been said
that the IOC may partially or fully lift
the suspension of the Russian Olympic
Committee from the commencement of the
closing ceremony of these upcoming games
provided these decisions are fully
respected and implemented by Russia now
of course we have to be clear that
throughout this whole time Russia has
denied these allegations being made
against it and has been quite vocal
about this seeing this decision as
something that would be inadmissible in
the days leading up to this announcement
but let's hear what the president of the
Russian Olympic Committee had to say
Russian athletes will participate in the
Olympics under a neutral flag and
without the national anthem
but this restriction is valid only until
the last day of the games we still
believe that all restrictions on Russia
will be canceled on the final day so
that our athletes can march under a
Russian flag together with other teams
from the rest of the world still this
decision will be discussed further and a
final decision will take place later
well given that these Winter Olympic
Games are just two months from now we'll
see how the events will unravel moving
forward but it's safe to say that this
announcement here in Lausanne has been a
huge blow for athletes and sports fans
in Russia but we'll see what happens
next with still two months to go like I
said okay anastasiya children are
reporting they're from Lausanne thanks
very much for keeping us up-to-date now
the Russian figure skater in 2016 and 27
will champion - you're gonna give Kenya
amid vetiver thinks it won't be fair if
Russia is excluded from Team competition
the main point of my speech was that my
rivals during the Olympic Games will
have a chance to compete two times as
individuals and in a team but if Russia
isn't allowed to take part in team
competition every sportsman will have
just one chance to win the medal I think
that is not fair before today's decision
25 Russian athletes had already been
banned from participating in the games
by the Commission which examined their
cases many of them have been stripped of
their medals toppling Russia from the
top of the Sochi 2014 medal table the
move shattered the athletes dreams and
ambition
- a processor is your nose with less
noise narco are two things produced
Union Willie slows Iroquois at nippy
died Slovenia almost non-stop I thought
Miami and click that in his nice studio
-
but the first annuities part reasonably
discrete ceremony ensure port if not
oppress me innovate new attitude of the
edge to teach is to suitably just me
story should read it
konista born with secret right the cars
which bottom of the thing even oven to
meet you onion obsolete and joining
models do activities towards a total to
be innovated the portion stenosis does
not really this any of what they see
agree with inertia work she started no
beer torching ball miss knowledge at any
period that doctor 20 so this revelry
but you didn't
now most of the Russian athletes who
were handed life bands do dispute the
evidence that was presented against them
and they also insists they are innocent
and accused officials of violating their
presumption of innocence Kate Partridge
looks now at how Russia has been treated
as guilty from the very start four years
ago there was skepticism that Russia's
first Winter Olympics would go without a
hitch
do mongers predicted not enough flights
not enough hotels and not enough snow
new concerns about Sochi squalor in
Sochi double toilets and missing door
handles the water that came out of the
town the problem with the door but the
host games went so well even critics had
to admit they were hit everything's been
amazing it's running like clockwork and
and everything's just going really
really well I've been really impressed
with everything Russia's done so far
really nice so far well-organized and
people are really friendly here and
having a good time
pretty sweet like to our accommodation
our food almost four years later and
Russians who triumphed in Sochi and are
being stripped of their medals and given
life Olympic bands why
in 2016 the matheran report explosively
claimed Russia used an elaborate system
of state-sponsored doping athletes
officials and ministers were implicated
like the plot of a cold war novel the
attitude to Russia returned to
skepticism then retribution as its track
and field team and entire Paralympic
team were banned from the Rio games
which left the clean athletes wondering
why we cannot have the Russians
completing again until they have adopted
the right policies that sure that they
are a clean nation never mind cleaned
athletes they have to be a clean nation
the IOC and IPC have now definitively
backed up mclaren supporting the claims
of former lab boss Krita green Rajan
cough who's under criminal investigation
in Russia and saying that infamous
sample swapping system has finally been
replicated but questions remain the IOC
standard of proof is not beyond any
reasonable doubt but rather the balance
of probability the presumption of guilt
is enough
it was Rajan cough who was the original
and only source of so-called proof
against Russian athletes this evidence
has been grossly overvalued we can't say
we are seeing the result of a proper
legal process it's a question of faith
to believe Rajan cough or not it looks
more like a religious Inquisition we're
sample bottles have no visible scratches
they were presumed tampered with as the
Russians must have perfected their
technique and left no marks the no
argument basis for an unmasked ban the
clean condemned without any guilt no
presumption of innocence for Team Russia
what we see here is actually a violation
of the Olympic Charter which is which
stands against política
national racial discrimination so it
appears that in the name of protecting
clean athletes they are actually taking
away the rights of Russian clean
athletes and in my opinion the Maclaren
accusations are unfounded and they're
very politically biased surely any
athlete should be denied a medal and
banned from competition if he or she
cheats it undermines others lifetime's
work as does a ban slapped on the
innocent who has simply presumed guilty
after the world anti-doping agency laid
out a roadmap for Russia in 2016 the
country acted swiftly with a number of
strong measures it reformed the
structure of Russia's own anti-drugs
agency and allowed international experts
to take control of its tests it also
made doping a criminal offence
punishable with a jail sentence a law
only currently imposed by a handful of
European countries rusada made 18 out of
20 criteria saying it couldn't meet the
final - as it denies any government-run
doping program ever existed but last
month wada still found the Russian
agency non-compliant the head of wada
denied that the decision was political
but did say sport cannot exist without
politics it's a sort of
impossible dream isn't it because
politics affects every aspect of your
life and sport is such an important part
of people's lives well such comment sir
may be at odds with perhaps the most
important document in sport the Olympic
Charter because it does clearly state
that there can be no political or
commercial abuse of sport and athletes
Thomas Bach the president of the
International Olympic Committee gave his
assurances the decision wasn't
politically motivated
the IOC is politically absolutely
neutral we would not allow to be
influenced by any kind of political
considerations in such a sporting
methods just listening to the press
conference and they filled it exactly
that question and they said this isn't a
political decision but of course the
world knows that it's exactly that this
has been a controversy that is being
clouded in political judgment and it's
impossible to separate this particular
decision from what's going on in the
rest of the world regarding fake news
and the alleged intervention of Russia
into Britain's brexit vote and even the
American presidential election so there
is a lot of this kind of stuff swirling
around the world at the moment a lot of
it is beyond belief frankly but people
are accepting some of it so I don't
think you can disentangle the two things
before the IOC decision youngsters from
hockey clubs across Russia have showed
their support for the nation's athletes
by organising flashmob online chanting
we want to go to the Olympics
well as the basis for today's decision
Thomas Bach did cite damning allegations
of the Russian Sochi 2014 anti-doping
laboratory the report clearly lays out
an unprecedented attack on the integrity
of the Olympic Games and sports the
report includes in particular the
manipulation of the anti-doping
laboratory at the Olympic Winter Games
in Sochi 2014 okay well let's get the
thoughts now over the former US diplomat
James Tracy's with us good evening Jim
I'm not sure how much you've seen of
this in the United States waking up to
this news but what do you make of it
because the IOC has said from the start
it aimed to be objective and impartial
do you think it was no I don't think so
I think this is clearly political let's
remember this is a campaign that's been
building for several years really since
2014 with airing of some of these
allegations from Sochi on German TV that
no American TV remember the banning in
Rio of the Russian track-and-field team
and then even banning the Paralympic
team from Russia where we're picking on
handicapped people now I think the fact
that we are talking about banning the
Russian team the Russian flag the
Russian anthem is shows that this is
really directed against Russia per se
it's not a question of clean athletes
and athletes that are they're engaged in
doping which we know is a widespread
practice there was a 2011 wada report
that said between 29 and 45 percent of
athletes worldwide were engaged in
doping this is a problem in many other
countries but Russia is being singled
out for this special treatment
particularly against its national
symbols and I think that is indeed quite
political what sort of action would you
like to see Jim because I take what you
say there but certainly sports fans too
will listen to the evidence and say you
know in Sochi something obviously if he
was going on there and 25 athletes have
been given lifetime bans I mean people
do want to see action don't they because
something did go wrong sure I think
that's right
but the question is is it really
credible to think that this is
specifically a problem with Russia and
only with Russia and I don't think
that's the case I as I say I think there
are a lot of athletes or a lot of teams
there have been reports showing the
teams from Belgium France Turkey having
a higher percentage of its athletes with
with real questions about about the the
dopes this is that may be involved I
don't see there's any talk about banning
those countries rather than just any
athletes themselves that are that are
out of line and we have to remember how
much of the McLaren report is based on
the information from just a handful of
individuals and they did not accept
information from the Russian side or any
rebuttal from the Russian side or any
attempt to balance their report old
siren noise what a reports Jim we heard
the word didn't we a lot state-sponsored
doping Russia's guilty of
state-sponsored doping that's something
that the IOC emphatically denied today I
think we can look at the statement that
they said but effectively they were
saying it was no evidence that there was
knowledge of August going on at a higher
level of the state what they did do was
blame the sports ministry and the
Russian Olympic Committee but they
didn't make this big show that this was
state-sponsored doping as we've been led
to believe for the last three years
that's you know that's all well and good
but the punishment certainly is state
applied it's applied to a country it's
applied to a flag and an anthem to an
entire nation and look I think we have
to look at this as a form of
asymmetrical warfare we do have to put
it in the context of all the stuff about
election hacking and all the other
accusations that are being made against
Russia and the utter demonization that
has been taking place for several years
now in the Western media so I don't
think we can we can separate that from
from this sort of death penalty approach
which the IOC is now now handing out and
in terms of future drug scandals do you
think of the countries will suffer the
same sort of scrutiny I say suffer but
as you mentioned you touched upon have
been a lot of doping scandals around the
world but certainly as a sports fan I'm
grateful that they take the time to work
out exactly what's going on but
I look around and I say well okay what
about other countries that have failed
to meet what is conditions and be
non-compliant I think that that's where
the distinction comes in is it's not
just a question of applying standards
and having very effective and effective
testing it's a question of trying to
jump to a conclusion to say Russia as a
country is guilty whereas if French
athletes or Chinese athletes or German
athletes or American athletes are found
to be violating the rules well that's
not a reflection of those countries I I
think unfortunately this is the kind of
mentality we've seen across the border
in many areas and this is simply in
another application where the Western
powers and I have to say that the
suspicions are very strong that one way
to another I don't have the fingerprints
I can point to somebody in the United
States is really orchestrating this Jew
mr. Dhiru here in the studio hello I'm
going to jump in here now look at the
chief of the ICS Commission he said that
the figures Schmidt said that the
figures in the report fluctuate the
investigation is still ongoing yet well
actually first let's listen to what was
said and then I'll pick up on that you
can find all the figures in the report
and in the annexes of the report the
figures flocked rate because the
analyses the examinations the
investigations are still ongoing at so
we heard they're you know what I just
said
so the the investor is still they still
got to probe they still got to
investigate that they have made this
decision haven't they punitive measures
have been put in place like we've been
talking about for hours now you know
that and those Russian athletes those
clean Russian athletes those individuals
you know they will be able to compete
but they you know the whole thing about
the Olympics is to compete for your
country isn't it why have been able to
go ahead Jim do you think with these
final positions because I think this is
not as even so much about the athletes
or about the the the bad athletes it's a
Russia is about the country that's what
they're trying to penalize that's what
they want to put the Mark of Cain on on
Russia as a whole not on the Olympic
team or even the the athletes themselves
again another case in point why is it
that athletes from other countries that
are found to have been doping are
suspended they have a probationary
period but they're liberally handing out
lifetime bans to Russian athletes III do
think there's a double standard here and
it is designed as a tool political
warfare how do you think Russia should
respond Jim because you know we've heard
kind of mixed reactions now you know so
that some people are saying well yeah
you know it was right to put some form
of punishment if you'd like to use that
word in but yet those clean athletes
will be able to take part which is their
dream as well maybe you know bits are
stripped away but what do you think
Russia should do do you think they
should allow that to happen or do you
think they should boycott it and say you
know what we're not having this you know
I can understand both points of view on
this I guess on balance I would say not
to boycott that that would simply be a
further punishment of Russian athletes
yes they won't be under their flag they
won't have their anthem but people will
know when they win those medals and are
standing on the podium
everybody will know that that's a
Russian up there that's the Russian flag
even if it's really the Olympic flag
that's flying there in a kind of a phony
display it's it's sad that it comes to
that but I just shows the the kind of
pressure and political warfare that has
become standard nowadays Jim just
squashed in the middle of all this is
the IOC I just occurs to me now I think
this is just a bit of a compromise
because they know they've sort of said
okay Russia is not state-sponsored we'll
say that much but please go along with
the fact that we can't have your flag at
the games although you know we can say
your athletes are from Russia it's all a
bit odd it is a bit odd and I think the
the the fig-leaf were saying it's not
state-sponsored
but then holding the whole country
responsible is is a bit of a dodge as
well I know it's so much a compromise as
it is just a sort of a two-faced or or a
forked-tongue message coming from
Oh see where they're trying to pretend
this is more fair than it is and in
terms of sort of the media coverage we
couldn't expect from this I don't think
I don't think I'll be reading tomorrow
it's not state-sponsored put it that way
no and I did just a quick search prior
to this interview it's just overwhelming
overwhelming and least the
english-language media about how
wonderful this decision is and how much
the evil Russians deserve this etc etc
etc but how is that different from any
other cover of coverage we ever get
about anything connected to Russia in
the American mainstream media yeah I
mean God we have heard a lot negativity
be surprised Jim and I am start reading
the internet tonight and looking at the
papers tomorrow that's why that's why
the Russian bullhorn arty is under
target as well I mean again it's
innocent across the board phenomenon and
I think this is just a further
manifestation of it okay Jim always nice
to talk to you we're gonna leave it
there that was Jim's Trapster
former US diplomat thank you okay in the
run-up to the IOC meeting there's been
intense pressure for a total ban on Team
Russia anti-doping officials and even
athletes from other nations have been
demanding a full suspension of the
country Russia denies the existence of a
government sanctioned doping scheme
calling the unprecedented actions
already taken by the IOC politically
motivated
well the yet doping scandal was
triggered back in 2015 if you can
remember back then by the McLaren report
published by a Canadian lawyer
however the document meant to prove
widespread and state-backed doping
violations it's still being questioned
though over its supporting evidence the
damning McLaren report on alleged
state-sponsored doping in Russia has led
to many athletes being stripped of their
medals and others prevented from taking
part in major events including the
Olympics however a few things in the
report just don't add up
before we break them down it's worth
noting that the International Olympic
Committee itself was not satisfied with
the evidence in a letter to Richard
McClaren the IOC asked for more
conclusive proof the document was
covered with the phrase how to
demonstrate makes it almost every
athletes name
moreover it was admitted by wada that in
many cases the evidence provided may not
be sufficient to bring successful cases
dr. Richard MacLaren's findings were
issued in two parts they claim that over
a thousand Russian athletes were
involved in a state-sponsored doping
program let's meet the report star
witness Grigory drug chenkov the former
head of a Moscow anti-doping lab who's
facing charges over destroying test
samples and the emails presented as
proof of state involvement come from his
own computer Russian sports officials
denied the allegations but did Richard
McClaren consider to get their side of
the story I made a decision that forthe
57 days to do my work I didn't have the
time and they didn't seem to have the
interest so I didn't do that that came
after the first part of the report
issued in July 2016 the second came six
months later so the investigative team
did eventually meet with some Russian
officials but not Vitaly Mutko
the sports minister at the time of the
alleged undercover doping scheme the
central allegation of MacLaren's report
is that positive urine samples were
systematically swapped for clean ones on
top of that it describes how salt and
Nescafe granules were added to clean
sample to make them match dirty ones and
trick the testers that information came
courtesy of red chenkov
another question this raises how do you
swap the samples of a high-security
bottle which is Swiss manufacturer
guarantees can't be tampered with
Richard McLaren doesn't have an answer
on how the Russians did it he just says
it can be done and that's enough I've
seen it I've seen it done and I've
inspected it and it can be done and it
can be reinserted we don't know how the
Russians did it but we know that it can
be done but despite all the questions
and doubts over MacLaren's evidence
Russian athletes are being punished on
an unprecedented scale I hope that we
will be able to see some evidence for
what they're being punished and that is
not that Aricent marks on the bottles
because then I will be terribly afraid
of giving samples investigative
journalist Rick sterling did explain to
us while he believes the McLaren reports
have little credibility the McLaren
report has been unduly given a lot of
credence in my opinion it's almost
laughable how the how the assertions in
that report are considered to be very
profound and very well justified when if
you actually look at the if you read the
report and look at his evidence there's
very little there apart from the
testimony of the chief culprit
Gregory Rodchenko before the first
McLaren report McLaren actually refused
to consider a written argument from the
Russian side he never went to Russia I
never talked with Russian authorities
even though he was accusing them of
state-sponsored doping and then in the
second report he never made time again
to talk with Russian authorities the way
he explained it is that he couldn't find
a time that was convenient for him and
for the appropriate Russian authority
from the the sports ministry so that's
pretty poor I mean it's it's a
fundamental principle of due process to
listen to both sides of the story one
could speculate that this is part that
there's a strong political bias at play
here it's you
evident that in Western media there's
much demonization of Russia and the
Russian president and one could
speculate that this is politically
motivated and goes back to the situation
in the Ukraine and the situation in the
Middle East where Russia has come to the
support of the government in Syria that
the West was trying to overthrow but
that would be that would be speculation
but it'd be fairly reasonable I think
those Russian athletes who received a
life ban from the Olympics in the past
few weeks shared their emotions with us
saying all their dreams had been shared
Sherman is a Scotsman of learning by
moon pastor from Nigeria more money more
difficult evening here still uglier
smoke waves on the card
that's called being a look at when you
go
the real solution 2 minutes priority in
this key figure and professional
research which is still mr. files as
opposed to receive support in fighting
the forces condition
nationally the spot to observe sister do
any performance completely up laughter
well I really stood up and do a snap
before my sister technically swore to be
their friend across the video
descriptions of alcalá fulfilled
Robledo boob or others of them also
finished others really should more enjoy
selenium freedom is live in the studio
and I was artis correspondent Ilya
petrenko yeah you've been working hard
this evening now the decision we heard
today how likely is it that Russia will
boycott the games completely well that's
a tough question whether the Russian
athletes whether Team Russia will agree
to participate under this neutral
Olympic flag and it is going to be a
tough decision that will definitely
depend on the individual athletes and
the first place but you may like it or
not the decision by the Russian Olympic
officials will also have an influence on
that they are the ones that provided the
facilities they are the ones that were
in charge of the training but anyway if
Russia chooses to boycott the Winter
Games 2018 that will be a direct result
of this ruling by the International
Olympic Committee that we heard on
Tuesday but the IOC probes as a result
of that already we've seen more than two
dozen Russian winter athletes being
banned and we understand that more can
come and questions have been asked here
in Russia along the lines why do a
sleet's from different countries that
tested positive and doping get bans for
a few years and then when it comes to
the Russians they are supposed to be
kept away from the Olympics for good did
the IOC have any sort of specific answer
to that well just to remind you the
reasons for these lifetime bans
our of course these scratches on the
doping test sample bottles on the one
hand and on the other hand the excessive
amounts of salt in the clean doping test
samples according to the IOC they are
the ones that a human body could not
simply produce so basically there's two
is that enough to blame the individuals
for cheating bearing in mind that they
could have been unaware of this kind of
tampering again is that enough for
lifetime bans and is that enough to
strip the clean Russian athletes of
their right to carry the Russian flags
at the Winter Olympics the answer for
most people here in Russia would be no
unlike the reaction from some of the
European National Olympic officials I'm
pleased that the IOC has taken this
decision it is an important step in
protecting the integrity of sport and
gives comfort to our athletes that they
are competing on a level playing field
it's a good day for international sport
a good day for German sport we've been
shown any visual proof of the IOC
conclusions about the scratches and the
ways to open those sample bottles well
that was also a question that one
Russian journalist asked at that press
conference and the answer from the IOC
was that you will be able to read about
it in the forensic reports the figures
flocked rate because the analyses the
examinations the investigations are
still ongoing there all sorts of details
in the forensic reports and examinations
and I certainly do not wish to go into
the details
and now I do not wish to divulge too
many of these details however the fact
remains that we can ascertain that there
has been there was manipulation and
tampering well that brings us to
concerns over transparency and allowing
the Russian side access to these sort of
experiments because we understand that
the officials the athletes themselves
and the fans who are sympathetic and
indeed they are also going through a lot
of stress right now they are so eager to
see some sort of visual evidence some
sort of pictures maybe perhaps they
could have summoned some sort of press
conference where they could show how
these bottles may be opened this is an
element that the Russian side thinks is
missing right now and I guess this sums
up the concerns that are being voiced
here in this country about all this
really looking ahead now to the Winter
Olympics themselves you've been in South
Korea haven't you recently what were
people there saying about this doping
scandal and the fact that potentially as
we now know Team Russia won't be there
well I went to Seoul which is the
capital of Korea but that's not the
capital of the Winter Olympics 2018
still people are of course looking to
that major event the first Winter
Olympics in the history of South Korea
when I told them I want the doping
scandal they were surprised and most of
them were honest about it they will miss
Team Russia if they don't see it at the
competitions and the events so let's
take a look at how I spoke to the locals
and the streets of Seoul South Korea
first bid to become the home of Winter
Olympics almost 16 years ago in 2008
Pyeongchang lost to Russia's Sochi
but South Koreans hung in there and
eventually did manage to make their
dream come true but at the handover
ceremony in Sochi who would have thought
that Russia a winter sports powerhouse
could end up missing out on the games in
four years no Russian flags
in Korea and two months would the locals
miss them have you heard about the
Russian doping scandal no I don't care
about it yeah yeah I've never heard that
I don't like any squad I heard they use
some medicine yeah I don't know that
it's true you need to kind of enforce
these rules what do you think the Winter
Olympics would be like without Russia
it's like the International stock whole
game without Spain or England it's not
really again when the biggest player is
not there anymore without kimchi rice
there's no excess I think it's unfair on
the FPS you haven't Doakes as well if
you've done the people that don't Winter
Olympics but no Russia to ban a whole
country that's some geopolitical stuff
go Emilia Petrenko and the South Korean
capital which is looking forward to the
country's first ever Winter Olympics
that will happen without Team Russia
well early we did speak with Alan Moore
he's a Russia based sports specialist
and columnist too and he does think that
it's going to be unprofitable for the
IOC to ban Russian athletes the IOC need
the games to go ahead they need Russian
athletes there they need the Russian ice
hockey team to play they need the KHL
the Russian based Kontinental Hockey
League to release their players because
they don't the rush the Winter Olympics
lose just loses cash Carol and that's
been the biggest problems because when
they split the two Olympics the summer
and going every two years it's been a
disaster and revenues have fallen and
people have been you know not watching
numbers of this should be so they have
forged us they have forged it this
removal state-sponsored which I know is
a bull bear of money money people and
something I detest it from the start
they're very keen not the playing people
at the top or you know if they don't
want to play people in the Kremlin I'd
have made a scapegoat in Vitaly Mutko
that was always going to come down but
you know even then it makes no sense
you know barring him to say oh the
Kremlin weren't involved and they say oh
well the sports ministry were involved
and they weren't involved they've been
very political with their language but
the IOC needs Russia more than Russian
easier see in this moment so recap then
Russia has been banned from the 2018
Winter Games however clean individual
athletes have been allowed to compete
under a neutral flag the IOC says that
doping test samples were manipulated
during the Sochi Olympics in 2014 it
also accused Russia of an unprecedent
attack on the integrity of the Olympic
Games and sport next year Russian
athletes will participate under the name
Olympic athlete from Russia the
country's anthem and symbol so will be
banned from the games Russia's Olympic
Committee is also required to repay the
cost of the investigations a total sum
of fifteen million u.s. dollars however
the IOC suggests the Russian flag could
still make a symbolic appearance through
in the closing ceremony if Russia
complies with all the requirements these
invited athletes will participate be it
in individual or team competitions under
the name Olympic athlete from Russia
with the acronym o AR they will compete
with the uniform bearing this name and
under the Olympic flag the Olympic
anthem will be played in any ceremony
Russian a figure skating coach Tatiana
Tarasova broke down in tears when she
learned of the decision smoothly which
states it there are no words you know I
don't want to cry I want to scream it's
sad that we won't be at the games as a
team that the Russian Flags won't be
flying it's devastating that there will
be no tears of joy as you hear your
national anthem but nobody is prohibited
from singing the anthem I think that if
there are victories and if there are
athletes who want to participate and win
I think we'll hear them singing
well our correspondent and sickness
sorry was in the year in the city of
Lausanne in Switzerland at the IOC
headquarters when the decision was made
today she briefed is now and exactly
what was said it's been a very difficult
day here obviously with so many eyes
from around Russia watching the
announcement that would come from this
room here in Lausanne where the
International Olympic Committee
Executive Board made a final decision on
the future of Russia when it comes to
these next Winter Olympic Games coming
up in just two months from now now
obviously it was a huge disappointment
for all of those sports fans and
athletes who have been preparing for so
long to be able to compete in these
Olympics under their own flag and here
there are them when they win certainly
these are very important things for any
athlete of course not just Russian and
of course it's been a huge blow to those
who have been looking forward to that
taking place now as you've said
obviously the latest is that Russia has
been bad so we will not be seeing Team
Russia perform at these Olympics and
this is actually the first time when a
country using its own flag has been
banned for doping reasons so this is
certainly something that's seen as a
very major step that's being considered
as an anti-russian one by the athletes
who have been watching closely what the
the decision would bring now this is not
the only sanction that was imposed here
affected immediately by the IOC they've
also said that Russia has to pay a very
hefty fine of 15 million US dollars for
these inquiries that were carried out on
the alleged doping scandal that Russia
now has to pay for also we do know that
it's been announced that Russian
officials from the sports ministry will
not be credentialed for these upcoming
games also the minister of sport at the
time of the sochi olympics in 2014 as
well as his deputy will be excluded from
any participation in all future Olympic
Games the president of the Russian
Olympic Committee is going to be
suspended as an IOC member and all of
these factors taken into account it has
also been said that the IOC may
partially or fully lift the suspension
of the Russian Olympic Committee
from the commencement of the closing
ceremony of these upcoming games
provided these decisions are fully
respected and implemented by Russia now
of course we have to be clear that
throughout this whole time Russia has
denied these allegations being made
against it and has been quite vocal
about this seeing this decision as
something that would be inadmissible in
the days leading up to this announcement
but let's hear what the president of the
Russian Olympic Committee had to say
Russian athletes will participate in the
Olympics under a neutral flag and
without the national anthem
but this restriction is valid only until
the last day of the games we still
believe that all restrictions on Russia
will be canceled on the final day so
that our athletes can march under a
Russian flag together with other teams
from the rest of the world still this
decision will be discussed further and
the final decision will take place later
well given that these Winter Olympic
Games are just two months from now we'll
see how the events will unravel moving
forward but it's safe to say that this
announcement here in Lausanne has been a
huge blow for athletes and sports fans
in Russia but we'll see what happens
next with still two months to go okay we
can get thoughts now Paul green he's a
sports attorney and joins us good
evening to you Paul thanks for coming on
to RT look we've heard haven't we study
criticism hello there from the IOC today
about what happened in Sochi but they
did stop short of saying with state
sponsors I just want to play you a
soundbite from what was said this
evening sure nevertheless the
independent and impartial evidence do
not allow the IOC DC to establish with
certitude either who initiated or who
headed this scheme on many occasions
reference was made on the involvement at
the minister of sports level but no
indication independent or impartial
evidence appeared to corroborate any
involvement or knowledge at a higher
level of the state I hope you heard some
of that there paul essentially they're
saying look we can't confirm that it was
state-sponsored do you think the
punishment fits the crime here given
that athletes do you know what we just
saw are you going in active transmission
there
sorry I was gonna say do you think the
punishment fits the crime pool go ahead
well I was pleased to see that rushing
athletes were allowed to participate in
some sense so I'm glad that there'll be
an opportunity like there was with the
aidable EF at the World Championships
this summer to at least allow Russian
athletes the chance to compete in some
sense and it's not a complete ban in the
in the way that some athletes will be
allowed to compete as we just heard
hopefully in the closing ceremonies if
everything goes well for the Russian
athletes they'll be allowed to compete
under their own flag it's very difficult
and I represent a direct collision uh
back in Rio and she competed and won a
silver medal this summer it's very
difficult for an athlete like her the
winner not be able to wave their flag
bomb that is a pretty big hardship but
at least they're still there in
competing in some sense sure but I
suppose if you're clean why can't you
compete under the flag of your country
particularly when we know it's not
Speights state-sponsored
a question for me to answer yes I mean
I'm not working for the IOC so you know
I was at least glad like I said as a
lawyer who represents athletes for a
living that the athletes from Russia
will at least be given an opportunity to
compete and there was some thought today
going into it that that wouldn't happen
so for me I was very relieved to see
that and I was actually glad to see that
Thomas Bach said that he hoped that the
clean Russian athletes who did compete
could be a for everyone to move on and I
do think that it's in the best interest
for all an inner sport to eventually
move past whatever happened in Sochi and
have everybody be back beyond this
scandal we shouldn't leave sorry to the
fact pool that doping did go on and
there was a manipulation of the
anti-doping system as it was described
today but the athletes that have been
accused of doping receiving your back I
see you again
there now being accused or given
lifetime bans I mean that's
unprecedented isn't it we see other
athletes that fail doping tests they
don't get lifetime bans why do it to the
Russians well I'm not even sure it's
legal that decision in alengka case has
yet to be litigated at the court
Arbitration for sport and that
determination by the IOC to ban someone
for life is certainly not in keeping
with the world anti-doping code they are
attempting to do something it has been
shot down before when the IOC attempted
to ban athletes beyond the scope of the
world anti-doping code so I do believe
that that might be excessive although
it's still for the Court of Arbitration
for sport to determine one thing to also
keep in mind with the criteria today
handed down one of the criterias if an
athlete had been found to have committed
an anti-doping rules button there
they're not allowed to be part of this
games that was shot down in Rio a
similar a similar rule was shot down in
Rio where they said that that that
wasn't legal the Court of Arbitration
for sport panel in Rio said that it's
that time then to argue these points
before the Winter Games we're only a
sort of a couple of months away yeah I
mean certainly there'll be the
opportunity to have hearings before the
Court of Arbitration for sport in
Lausanne or even at the last minute at
the cast ad hoc panel which will be in
Korea again when I represented cliffs
now I have to argue that case in Rio
before the ad hoc panel so yes there's
two months and you hope that the IOC
makes decisions on these applications in
short order so athletes do have the
opportunity to appeal if they're denied
the chance by the IOC to compete it's
the d-r-e here in the studio as well
full good evening you mentioned the fact
that you you know you know you're not
sure whether that decision was legal at
all and obviously Andes picked up on
that as well but there's been also a lot
of talk about decisions being
politically motivated it's been all over
the press you know is it politically
motivated when it comes to Russia again
could there be a change in the decision
on those Russian athletes if there is
evidence that the ban and the decision
to ban them was politically motivated I
mean who's going to make that
determination that's the problem I mean
it's hard to separate international
sports from politics completely you know
these these cases are borne out in the
whole scope of what's gone on
I mean hopefully as lawyers and
arbitrators they look at only what's
legal but you know people are people in
these cases are obviously being heard in
some pretty difficult political times
yeah yeah and finally full let's just
talk briefly about the Russian Olympic
Committee today the IOC said look we
don't hold them directly responsible
physically for what happened in al
absence achi but you know they were they
did have a legal and contractual
obligation to make sure everything was
running smoothly is that a fair
criticism I mean there certainly the
games were going on in Russia so to the
extent that these things happened in
Russia I don't know who is responsible
but one would think the organising
committee
normally in a contract situation is
responsible for what goes on and then
whatever the lab that's contracted out
to do the tests for water so one would
would say that those two organizations
would probably be responsible but you
know the IOC is taking the position
they're taking and I don't think at this
point that's challengeable I mean that's
just what they're deciding in terms of a
conclusion I'm not sure it's a legal
conclusion okay
fascinating to get your thoughts really
appreciate your insight Paul we're going
to leave it there thanks for persisting
with the dodgy line - that was poor
grunts as sports attorney thanks very
much Timon you know the International
Olympic Committee says Russian athletes
can only compete under a neutral flag
they will participate under the title
Olympic athlete from Russia with the
country's flag and symbols banned from
the games next Tuesday Russian sport
officials are expected to hold a meeting
on how to react to that decision but
earlier President Putin said that the
neutrals option would be humiliating for
the country there are two options either
forcing Russia to compete under a
neutral flag or not letting it go to the
Olympics at all either is a humiliation
for the country well before the IOC
decision youngsters from hockey clubs
across Russia have showed their support
for the nation's athletes by organizing
a flash mob online chanting we want to
go to the Olympics
you're watching art international our
special coverage tonight of the icy
decision to ban the Russian team from
going to the Winter Olympics in that
career at the start of next year it's
been quite a night hasn't it nadir God
it certainly has I tell you we've had
all sorts of experts on the program lots
of mixed reaction to that decision on
the one hand you've got the individuals
who are clean
you know innocent parties there who will
be able to compete if Russia doesn't
make a decision other than that but the
mixed reaction is obviously the spirit
of the Olympic Games it's not Andy I
suppose it boils down to the fact the
IOC has said categorically that it was
an attack and the tip on the integrity
of the Olympics and as a result athletes
won't be able to go now under the flag
of Russia and athletes that were deemed
to be doping they now receive lifetime
bans mixed responses you said from our
guest tonight whether they think that's
fair but that's the situation at the
moment and the big question that has to
be answered now is what Russia will do
and if there'll be a boycott and that's
going to be really interesting isn't it
because obviously these are these are
athletes who trained all their lives
this is their dreams
some of them who've stuck to the rules
can participate and make that dream come
true okay they won't be able to do it
like athletes from other countries but
they will be able to do that will Russia
as a whole make that decision to boycott
the games or will they allow those
individuals to compete under the neutral
flags the big questions a big question
and an interesting point today that came
out also is it at the closing ceremony
Russia will be able to have the Russian
flag I couldn't quite understand that
one but maybe this is sort of the only
olive branch they're handing to the
Russian team say look please do come to
the Olympics under these conditions but
at the moment everything is still up in
the air as we heard from that attorney
they're from the US Paul green legal
cases to be fought - so this isn't done
and dusted yes no certainly isn't Andy
but it's been a very interesting you
think he has thanks being with us today
for you watching us at home it's been a
long evening but that's pretty much boil
it down for you
be carrying on with updates throughout
the evening if you trust the mainstream
media well then you're in the minority
sadly a great deal of media today is not
designed to inform but rather confirm
political biases this approach of the
news is not only polarizing but it's
also lowering journalist
