the mayor of a small German town has
been stabbed in the neck by a man who
objected to his refugee policy the
official survived after being treated
for serious wounds artis Peter Oliver
has the story
well this attack took place in the small
Western German town of Al tena it's a
town that's taken in more refugees than
were asked of it from central government
here in Berlin its mayor andreas
Holstein who was the target of this
attack has spoken out publicly in the
past about the need for German towns and
for his town in particular to do more
for refugees while he was at a food
stall in the town when a man came up
behind him and attacked him thankfully
he was ok enough to be able to give this
interview afterwards when he approached
me he looked aggressive he asked me
whether I was the mayor and I said yes
then he pulled out a knife saying you
let me starve but you let 200 refugees
into our city I really feared for my
life I was scared that I hadn't just
been wounded died then I was rescued
certainly quite understated from the
mayor just there but when we listened to
first responders who were on the scene
we realized this could have been much
worse
the attacker asked the mayor whether he
was the mayor then pulled out a knife
put him in a headlock and tried to cut
right through his throat I ran over
there and shouted at him to let the man
go but he didn't stop so I grabbed his
arms and went for his knife and with my
father's help we managed to get hold of
it judging by what he said he was a
German citizen who objected to our
mayor's migrant policies he asked are
you the mayor to which the man replied
yes and then he asked how can you feed
the refugees here while we are starving
so he can't be refugees he must be a
German citizen eyewitnesses told German
media that the man appeared to be
intoxicated and that he was shouting
about andreas Holsteins policies on
refugees now Chancellor Angela Merkel
has also issued a statement on this mr.
halston is from her own party she said
that as she was horrified by this attack
and relieved that he was back at home
Riku
operating with his family now in between
2015 and 2016
Germany accepted over 1 million refugees
and migrants into the country and it
does seem that the tensions caused by
that still while being felt in German
society
