yesterday the devil came here right here
right here and it smells of sulfur still
today this table that I am now standing
in front of yesterday ladies and
gentlemen from this rostrum states the
gentleman to whom I refer us at the
devotee came here talking as if he owned
the world truly as the owner of the
world this is a bomb this is a fuse in
the case of Iran's nuclear plans to
build a bomb this bomb has to be filled
with enough enriched uranium and Iran
has to go through three stages the first
stage they have to enrich enough low
enriched uranium the second stage they
have to enrich enough medium enriched
uranium and the third stage and final
stage they have to enrich enough
high-enriched uranium for the first
property we looked on stoniest area form
the Sudan Stephen instituted the Islam
Allah Disney will approach to be stream
on the resolution mr. tarses to a
democracy of progress when I Celia
Nishita satsang a catastrophe a private
saliva QJ piranhas reason universe to
miss David Wichita's procedure Tasos
don't accuracy towards weight when you
manage a tp'ed Shyvana to worry
nobody said approached by a statistician
but how much that political religion
some awareness to vigilance why is
Karrueche jealously it is not customized
talking yet has great strength and
patience but if it is forced to defend
itself or its allies we will have no
choice but to totally destroy North
Korea rocket man is on a suicide mission
for himself and for his regime the
United States is ready willing and able
but hopefully this will not be necessary
that's what the United Nations is all
about
