hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
candidate Trump was criticized for not
having a coherent understanding of
global affairs
indeed he largely dismissed the foreign
policy elites a year after his election
in since his inauguration is there such
a thing as a trumpian view of the
international system
crosstalking the world according to
trump i'm joined by my guess george
Samuli in new york he is a fellow at the
global Policy Institute of London
Metropolitan University and author of
the book bombs for peace in Miami we
have Tai Barry he is the Washington DC
coordinator for the woman led peace and
social justice movement code pink and in
Berkeley we have John Walsh he is a
scientist peace activists and author of
numerous anti-war publications all right
gentlemen crosstalk rules in effect that
means you can jump in anytime you want
and I always appreciate John let me go
to you first because you got up earliest
for this program I much appreciate it if
we look at cam the campaign trail we
look at candidate Trump and we look at
his foreign policy 11 months in here
first of all there's a great discrepancy
but is there any coherence to his
foreign policy irrespective what he ran
on from the time he was inaugurated to
now do you see a trumpian vision out
there go ahead John that is a really
difficult question because as you noted
there are powerful forces against the
vision that he articulated such as it
was during the campaign and I think
maybe it's good to go back to that for a
second because I'm especially interested
in how American progressives are
reacting to his clearly what were themes
of peace and so let's can we go back to
that for just a second in the in the
campaign Donald Trump said in the
primaries where he was confronting a
really a rather hawkish base he wanted
to get along with Russia progressives
dismissed that is so much talk but if
you think about it why would he say that
to an audience that would not like the
message he the only thing that would do
and the only thing it did do was lose
him votes so he wasn't saying it out of
opportunism so that was genuine the idea
of especially getting along with Russia
a simple way to say it but really do you
need to say much more was genuine
and other things were genuine to the
progressives should have applauded like
the trans-pacific partnership right
right which progressives have been
working against for years and years he
dumped that on the first day and there
was a silence no one said hey that's
good maybe we can work together actually
Bernie Sanders did okay let me sit let
me go to George now in New York here but
George on almost everything else I'm
glad that John mentioned those things
here I brought my own little short list
here pretty much stayed the course in
the Middle East ad the tragedy of Yemen
in there which is you know a disgrace to
humanity and everyone involved and it
should be ashamed of themselves it's
awful what's going on there
Afghanistan stay the course okay he did
leave the Iran nuclear deal or in the
process the only thing Barack Obama did
right in foreign policy as far as I can
tell
arming Ukraine Syria is a mixed bag
North Korea of course the tensions we
have there which is a lot more
complicated than the mainstream media
want to talk about and of course as John
has pointed out us-russia relations are
dead in the water go ahead George yes
that's absolutely right by and large he
hasn't affected any serious change in
u.s. foreign policy but there are
indications that he would like to effect
some kind of a serious change I mean
despite all of the criticisms that he is
commander for his supposed at
friendliness toward Russia even though
there's no evidence for it and and
despite of the fact that he's facing a
serious prospect of impeachment over his
supposed traitorous attitude toward
Russia he has maintained a friendly
stance towards Russia he didn't need to
meet with Putin in Danang he did meet it
with him and then he didn't need to talk
to the press and tell them that he
thinks that relations with Russia is a
good thing not a bad thing so he took a
considerable political risk in doing
that and that would indicate to me that
he is interested in improving relations
of
so it's a kind of a mixed bag we don't
yet know how things will evolve I mean
you can take a more optimistic view that
this is still the first year of a trump
administration and that he may decide to
go his own way in the second and third
years and actually go with his instinct
which i think is to improve relations
with russia he's this Jordan let me get
it tire in Miami you just said go his
own way I think that's a very
interesting way of looking at it you
know tell you the thing is that it's not
that if Trump wants to go his own way or
not is it if he's good to be allowed to
because I think this is what I look at
it's not necessarily policy but the
institutional barriers that are in front
of him this is what he faces more than
anything else personally I think he
would like to rebuild America the impact
I believe all that stuff he had to say
infrastructure stuff like that okay and
I think it's something he understands
foreign policy well when he was had the
Lebanese Prime Minister right next to
when he started criticizing Hezbollah I
mean everybody had a broke out in
laughter Hezbollah as part of a
government okay well what about tied the
institutional obstacles that you know
that are in the way of any kind of
trumpian
worldview go ahead tie well first we we
came into this trump presidency thinking
he would be an isolationist and he would
take us out of foreign wars and the fact
is that he's guiding us deeper and
deeper in Barack Obama's war as you
stated rightly Peter this shameful
horrific human rights violating
catastrophe that's going on in Yemen but
what I see is I see Trump the big
businessman and I see that he's his idea
of foreign policy is tweeting
name-calling and arming to the teeth
these oligarchs in in Saudi Arabia and
causing havoc there's now 2,000 soldiers
US soldiers we found out in in Syria
these are the the Trump administration
is all over the place they don't have a
foreign policy the only foreign policy
is coming from generals and Generals in
his cabinet are the ones that are
holding him back they're the ones who
are actually the the same ones in the
room is supposedly
but I think that Trump is the idea of
Trump going becoming more friendly with
Russia is a great idea we want to be
have friends around the world but we
can't do it when you've got a media
that's so controlled yeah and it's so
headstrong on their idea of deciding
what our foreign policy should be
foreign policy should come from our
governments we should have more
controlling Congress over this this
out-of-control president we see more we
see him try denouncing the Iran
agreement which is a great foreign
policy than one of the best things
Barack Obama did pull it getting us into
this pulling out of Cuba over this
so-called hoax of ear in a sonic thing
yeah it's ridiculous okay I mean the
whole thing is just a joke you know
Johnny you know one of the things that
came out was a story last week you know
when when apparently the President of
the United States thought was speaking
to the Turkish president he said that
the US wouldn't be sponsoring Kurds in
the north of Syria and then you come
from the State Department the Pentagon
they say they hadn't heard anything
about it this is what I'm getting at is
that he may have ideas but it's it
doesn't go much further than the oil /
office it seems like go ahead John well
I
it is a first of all anybody who thought
that the the Trump's presidency would
bring peace to the world on every front
was well I was dreaming that's not what
he said that's not what he promised and
that's not what we should expect I think
I think well yes but I think that to go
back to first of all there is some
progress in Syria the the Trump and and
Putin did arrange the ceasefire in
southwest Syria the situation there has
improved dramatically now they're their
forces against that but that's their
Trump did meet twice with Putin once in
Hamburg and once in in Southeast Asia
even though there was a lot of pressure
not to do that the atmospherics that
those meetings were very good even
though there was pressure against all
that
and he the other thing we have to look
at is President Xi the atmospherics
there are very good I think you know to
go back into the TPP that was not just a
bad economic deal that was part of that
was the economic part of the economic
military confrontation with China Trump
got rid of it
and I think you have to put so I'm not
looking for I'm not looking for
everything and the problem is I have you
know I would offer a very simple thing
here he's president now and it's not an
election and I think that you have to do
a very simple thing that the the the
policies and the things that he does
that you oppose oppose them fine clear
first green great things that you think
but the things if you if he does
something you support you should say so
because without that support he won't be
able to continue that is a great sin
gentlemen I want to kind of push back a
little bit what John had to say there I
don't think anybody on this panel or our
viewers think it was gonna be the world
was gonna sing Kumbaya okay with the
election of Donald Trump but what I was
gonna I'm going on his word less less
interventionism I mean I would have been
happy with that just lasts a bit alright
go ahead go ahead and tie go ahead yeah
I just want to ask John I mean when you
call a the head of a government in North
Korea little rocket man and you provoke
and you provoke a nuclear powered
country country that is dangerous policy
that is lunar changing this you're
talking about GPP I'm just saying this
is a very very dangerous part of his
foreign policy if that's a policy at all
how do how how are we going to deal with
this if they're if this if this gets if
this heightens the the tensions between
the United States and North Korea not
South Korea and North Korea or China and
North Korea but the United States in
particular and North Korea okay we're
going to happen
a bit more about hang on gentlemen I'm
gonna go to a hard break and after that
hard break we'll continue our discussion
on Trump's foreign policy stay with RT
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
to remind you were discussing Trump's
worldview
okay gentlemen the more we talk about it
the more we seem to disagree which is
good John you wanted to react real
quickly to something that tie in George
and myself had to say go ahead I just
wanted to point out I I made two points
that I thought are maybe three if you
want to include TPP where Trump had done
well now what was the response to that
from the the the response to that was
well let's look at North Korea I wasn't
talking about North Korea I'm not
expecting around in North Korea although
I don't think there's going to be a war
there because of the stance of Russia
and China I know I wanna I wanna I want
to ask this simple question Trump did
there's something we would like in
meeting with Putin and meeting with good
atmospherics with Xi and even having
some of the fine economic agreements did
you see it any progressive publications
do you see any dispatches from the code
pink or any of the progressive
organizations praising with one word of
praise for that I you know what happened
I agree with you John I agree with you
child I mean the mainstream media is not
gonna say anything good about it all
about Ronald Trump and that is not
talking about the mainstream media well
that's what most people get their in
their information from you know let me
go to Georgia Georgia one of the
problems I had and I'll be really honest
with you is I was willing to give the
benefit of the doubt to this president
until he attacked Syria a gross
violation of international law based on
a fallacy now in retrospect if somebody
had actually done some investigating
which nobody wants to do anymore they
they are quick to to draw judgments and
and appoint fingers here that's when I
just said no I'm gonna push back all
right I didn't want Hillary Clinton I'm
still glad she wasn't president but I
made it very clear if we see the same
bad behavior I'm gonna call it out and
that was wrong that is probably a war
crime go ahead George no there's no
question that that was a war crime it
was a violate
international law was an act of naked
aggression it wasn't done on any basis
of any kind of serious investigation he
rushed into this that bombing campaign
without doing any kind of laying the
groundwork or anything like that
and and and that's that's a terrible
blot on the administration however it's
interesting that he hasn't really
followed up on that yeah many people who
actually were cheering this on all the
mainstream media who were excited by
this expected him now to follow up on
this and to launch some kind of a series
bombing campaign against Syria array you
know a regime change operation of the
kind that Obama didn't dare venture
against Assad he didn't do that and
having done that bombing he kind of has
gone back to a much more reasonable
policy on Syria in which he's he's kind
of wound down the CIA jihadi Network and
from the the the what we can gather from
that conversation with Elder Wand last
week he looks like he's going to wind
down the cooperation with the Kurds so
he it does look like he's instinct with
during the campaign which was to
basically end the whole regime change
operation in Syria it does seem to be
bearing fruit now you know oh yeah so
the good thing is that he didn't follow
April I think there's a gentleman I
think there's a very interesting litmus
test right before our eyes right now and
it's Ukraine ty let me go to you because
again there are conflicting reports
apparently there is a debate going on
inside the White House and and they and
the other agencies the report to the
executive branch I think it's very
interesting is that you know if lethal
weapons are given to the poroshenko
regime that conflict will heat up more
okay
after what almost 12,000 deaths that has
been aggression coming from Kiev towards
the dom baths here if trump somehow
signs off on that then again this this
it's this the same perpetuation of a
foreign policy we've seen for decades
now
I always say on this program it's the
genetic code it doesn't matter who's
president the same kind of aggression
will continue to be repeated
go ahead time well we see that a part of
Trump's foreign policy is to sell arms
wherever anybody is willing to buy the
good point so we also have seen a uptick
in the violence in in eastern Ukraine
where we're seeing aggression on both
sides I believe but definitely coming
from the what's called the Ukrainian
government at the moment we I believe
that the Trump government the reason it
looks like they're hemming and hawing is
because they're very covert we don't
know what they're doing as opposed to
Obama being a little bit more open but
in getting back to Syria I don't know
where that's coming from we just found
out that there are more soldiers and US
soldiers in Syria I think the u.s. is is
responsible for major war crimes there
were carpet bombing in in Syria if the
fed the problem is is we're not allowed
to see what's going on in Syria the
United States puts a filter on any news
that's coming out about there we just
heard that there's 30% more civilian
casualties and that's from a New York
Times article we don't know the facts
but they're 30 times more civilians died
in Syria and Iraq fighting Isis then
then the United States I don't why you
should like these you should be thankful
to RT because we do report those things
okay I'm so proud of this network's
coverage of Syria because it really blew
off the lid of the the pure nonsense
that the mainstream was pumping out it
was a really disgraceful coverage of
that conflict here and I'd like to point
out since we're on the topic here yeah
take a look at the mainstream media
you'll never hear that Russia it was a
played an instrumental role in defeating
these terrorists okay you never hear
that ever hear that you hear on Fox News
Trump is winning in Syria no it's Trump
isn't winning in Syria okay it's others
here you know John it's
let's go back to it's already been it's
been mention on this program already it
really does look like a general generals
foreign policy here if you're in the
Oval Office watching the president or
you're over at the Pentagon because it
seems that that's and they're given a
lot more discretion you know I find that
very troubling go ahead John well I
think that the remarks that your first
guest made on Syria were excellent yes
there was that bombing which the
so-called progressives love to focus on
the one bombing of the airbase but there
was there's also been cease fires which
have saved a lot of lives and there's
also been a cut-off of CIA funding to
the anti-assad jihadis that you have to
look at too so well you oppose one I
posed that bombing you've got to support
the other you get a job well I your
guest just said a few minutes ago I can
address that it does appear that some of
the operations have gone you know
they've gone lower in their intensity or
even disappeared to some extent however
we do know we do know if I'm approached
George here I mean what are those
thousands to thousands probably more
American troops doing in Syria there's
no justification for T so if we want to
avoid Isis 2.0 well you know what it
becomes a magnet for terrorists okay I
haven't we learned that after 15 years
of this nonsense
okay when you leave it will probably
intensity will go down it's common sense
go ahead George
exactly it makes absolutely no sense for
the 2000 there I guess be this is
mattis's policy defense secretary
mattresses policy that he would use this
two thousand troops leverage holding
onto some of the oil fields yeah exactly
it's a leverage against Assad but I
don't think that it is sustainable
because with Turkey and Iraq on
on the Russian side and want to pursue
the Astana peace process how is it going
to keep these two thousand troops alive
body and soul there so I you know it's
not a sustainable military operation you
know time one of the things I find very
disturbing and it looks like it was
Jared Kushner that was involved is
involved in this gambit with the Saudis
after the events that played out these
are the Lebanon again I find this really
disturbing i we would all like to see
peace in the Middle East I think across
the spectrum we'd like to see that
there's obviously some players that want
more war the better and you know exactly
who I'm talking about here but again is
this a private operation with Jared and
the Saudis and apparently the State
Department was in in the dark about this
again I find this very troubling that's
why I keep asking is there a trumpian
view of the world because we keep
looking at separate issues I'm asking
are there any dots that connect at all
go ahead time yeah I mean Trump goes to
Saudi Arabia dances with the brutal
despots and now they feel emboldened and
they're talking about this phony war
with Iran you know this Iran is backing
Hezbollah which is rightfully defending
Lebanon's border against terrorists from
Isis and that supposedly Iran is getting
involved in Lebanon the the this is all
this is all about Israel the fact that
that the Jared Kushner is there and
Trump has not come out and said one word
about the building of new giant
settlements in Palestine there's no push
towards a Israel Palestine peace
agreement and the Saudis are only
instigating terrorism in Syria we know
that for a fact I don't know why we
can't talk about it it seems like the
third rail of politics now is not Israel
its Saudi Arabia okay let me jump in
here let me give John the last word here
I'm gonna be give John the last word 25
seconds my friend go ahead well I would
say that the hole that the Achilles heel
of trumps
wish to get along as he says with Russia
has always been Iran I don't think
that's possible if he if he turns Iran
into into an enemy but the basic problem
there is that trumps skull like Capitol
Hill is Israeli occupied territory so
that's the problem that is the key
problem I think right now in some sort
of as Steven F Kohn calls at a time 2.0
with Russia and I hope he gets to pursue
it now everything he does well I do it I
support we have he does yeah we have a
lot of differences here but at the end
of the program I think we came to a lot
of agreement at least on one topic here
we've run out of time many thanks to my
guest in Miami New York and in Berkeley
and thanks to our viewers for watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember cross knuckles
