now the French president Emmanuel macron
is on a three-day tour of Africa his tip
got off to his trip rather got off to a
pretty difficult start in Burkina Faso
Oh Maria finocchiona is in Paris for our
tea with the latest on president microns
Africa tour wasn't all smooth I'm an
event mark Owens trip to Africa started
with an attempted attack on French
troops on the ground a security source
told the reporters that a grenade was
thrown to military car and although it
wasn't heat the message was very clear
the president was not very welcomed on
the African soil and as a man when Mike
horn said that he was from the
generation that would not tell Africans
what to do all that sounded very
positive and very promising but
apparently something went wrong because
Frances president deep tell Africans
what to do and on several occasions
first while speaking about trafficking
problems in northern Africa Emmanuel
macron was meeting the students of one
of the local universities and he could
responsibility blaming local people for
this problem let's take a listen
unbelievable were the traffickers
Africans my friends ask yourselves the
question is not the French who are the
traffickers is the Africa Frances
president lost his temper
another time while answering another
question of an African student about the
number of African students eight runs
comparing to the number of Africa French
troops in Africa this is what he said
you may have a grandfather who came to
fight to help France when it was
attacked in 1914 to 18 for 1939 to 45 we
need to look at this shared history but
don't talk to me like that about the
French soldiers you don't know the
French soldiers anything but this
applaud them this question highlighted
Brodeur issue the anger the criticism
among local population over French
troops stationed on the ground in Africa
because there was a number of negative
incidents with French military involved
in the most outrageous one France
suspended two of its military over child
of use
allegations and there was just one of
the examples there were many of them in
several African countries so France
president reaction to this question was
quite surprising and many saying taking
the president actually away from the
initial mission of this trip but the
journey still goes on and experts now
say that the president might have some
time to clarify his position and to come
back to his initial positive mission to
build new bridges with Africa
