Facebook and Twitter have agreed to help
the British government look into alleged
Russian interference in last year's
brexit vote Issa Ali has the details
from London House of Commons media
watchdog wants to know what Russia's
influence has been in particular in that
brexit referendum they've been requested
by the House of Commons to speak and
give any evidence as to alleged Russian
interference the the companies include
Facebook and Twitter and those companies
have said that they will hand over
information relating to so-called
russian-backed accounts talk of alleged
Russian interference in the brexit
process has got more and more intense
with British politicians increasingly
being critical of Russia given the
widespread public concern over foreign
and particularly Russian interference in
Western democracies Wilshere sure this
house that the government and the
Electoral Commission will examine these
reports very carefully and reassure our
country that all of the resources spent
in the referendum but from permissible
sources we must be open eyed about the
actions of hostile states like Russia
who threaten the potential growth of
Eastern neighborhood and who try to tear
our connective strengths apart and I'm
looking forward today to renewed
commitments from European countries to
working together to tackle these shared
challenges in both security and
development all of this very hostile
kind of rhetoric about Russia comes in
the lights of the brexit negotiations
which have been going on between the UK
and the European Union they haven't been
going very well and just late last week
we saw the EU give
UK attend a deadline to get issues like
the Northern Ireland border sorted out
and some critics say that this is a way
for the Prime Minister to distract from
those difficulties and even divisions
within her own party as well on the
issue of Briggs in a nun best nothing
better reflects that than a recent
speech where she made repeated
references to Russia chief among those
today of course is Russia but it is
Russia's actions Russia's illegal
annexation of Crimea so I have a very
simple message for Russia because we
know that a strong and prosperous Russia
Russia has the reach and the
responsibility
Russia can Russia does not just secure
the best possible brexit now Facebook
say that they will respond with their
information to the committee by early
December while Twitter says and it will
respond in the coming weeks and share
their findings at the case in the UK
almost exactly Mira's claims of Russian
meddling in the u.s. in late October the
same tech giant's testified to Congress
we determined that the number of
accounts we could link to Russia and
that we're tweeting election related
content was comparatively small
aggregate these ads and posts were a
very small fraction of the overall
content on Facebook but any amount is
too much these videos mostly had low
view counts
you failed lack of resources a lack of
commitment and a lack of genuine effort
and that just won't do we could we could
have done more but I think we are doing
more today and have done more syndicate
no no no we need to do more mr. stretch
same is true okay
well to discuss this story now we can
cross live to human rights lawyer and
author of the book the plot to scapegoat
Russia Dan cave Alec thanks for joining
us on our tea so good to have you on the
show
now we'll Facebook and Twitter do you
think be able to find this smoking gun
this this final evidence of Russia
meddling in the UK no I think that this
is a smokescreen I agree with the head
of the Labour Party of the UK Jeremy
Corbyn who himself has said that this is
nothing but an attempt by Theresa May
who has very low polling numbers to try
to deflect blame upon herself to Russia
which is exactly the same phenomenon
happening in the United States we know
that in the US Senator Mark Warner and
Obama himself put pressure on Facebook
to try to come up with anything linking
Russia with any interference in the 2016
election but there's nothing there a
huge percentage of the Facebook posts
that Facebook links to Russia whatever
that means appeared after the 2016
election this is just fabricated and
it's leading to well it already has led
to a new Cold War which is quite
dangerous for the entire world and it's
it's important to to debunk this I just
want to go back to something you
mentioned there you mentioned the
example of the United States where those
accusations of Russian interference as
well but in that country of course the
claims came from intelligence agencies
whether the evidence was accurate or not
is up for debate but at least the
intelligence agencies did provide what
they claimed to be evidence in the UK
the security services have made no such
claims so what's the evidence being
based on here the government what do you
think it's basing these accusations on I
think it's based on nothing I think it's
based on Teresa Mays desperation trying
to cling to her prime ministership and
I think it's disgraceful she needs to
take responsibility for her own actions
for Great Britain's you know floundering
economy instead of trying to blame
Russia for all four woes I mean this
this blaming game on Russia is absurd it
would be laughable if it didn't have
such you know possible horrendous
ramifications now how much influence do
you think these online BOTS and and fake
accounts on social media how much
influence do you think they have on
Western democracies because I mean
politicians are saying people do get a
lot of information from social media
they can be very impressionable perhaps
I mean has the whole story been blown
out of proportion or on the other hand
is there no smoke without fire here I
think it has been blown out of
proportion one I have yet to see
evidence of this linked to Russia I
don't know what that means linked to
Russia are these private citizens are
these companies none of this has been
linked to the Kremlin though they're
trying to do that meanwhile I don't
think it has a huge influence on on
either the American people or the people
of Great Britain they can think for
themselves and again is your clip showed
whatever was posted was a very small
percentage of what is on social media
and I just think there's no evidence
that it had much of an impact either in
the u.s. and the 2016 elections or in
Great Britain on the brexit vote and I
think both countries need to do some
soul-searching and look into why people
made the decisions that they did instead
of blaming a foreign country like Russia
I just honestly it just it just baffles
me how people can take this seriously
now you mentioned there that the you
know governments may peddle these claims
for their own interests to cover up
maybe some domestic problems the track
attention but what about the social
media Giants Facebook Twitter
cetera Google that are also now cracking
down on Russia linked Russia related
content however you want to call it I
mean what's there benefiting in in doing
this well I think they're getting
squeezed by the US government I mean we
know this in the clip you showed they
got a tongue-lashing in Congress because
they didn't produce the type of evidence
that some people in Congress wanted us
as I mentioned Obama and Senator Warner
put pressure particularly on Facebook's
to come up with evidence senator Warner
himself flew to California to meet with
Mark Zuckerberg to put pressure on
Facebook to come up with something on
Russia because Facebook initially said
there was no evidence of Medellin so I
think these private companies are
feeling pressure from the US government
to do anything to come up with anything
to please them and I think people in the
US should be very concerned about this
because it is impacting free speech in
this country and and the right for free
inquiry into very important issues of
our day a certain little of
investigations ongoing isn't there into
these issues will look with interest to
see how they end as well what evidence
they come up with if any Dan Koval a
human rights lawyer and author of the
plot to scapegoat Russia thanks so much
for joining us on our tea today sir
