a North Korea has conducted a ballistic
missile test for the first time since
September Japan says the missile flew
for 50 minutes and came down about 200
kilometers off its coast but didn't pass
over Japanese territory artis ela
Petrenko reports from Seoul there was
about two months of relative calm when
it comes to the test activity of
Pyongyang and then there you have it it
came well into the night while Koreans
on both the North and the South wore
asleep and then we found out about this
latest missile launch by kim jeong-hoon
and that is after the relative calm of
october and november american and
japanese military radars were quick to
register the 1000 kilometer long flight
of the North Korean missile which ended
somewhere in the Japanese sea to be more
precise somewhere where Japan has its
exclusive economic waters and I'll be
putting it really mod ly if I say that
this puts governments in the region on
high alert Japan immediately summoned a
cabinet Crisis Team South Korea its
military responded with a precision
strike military exercise and Donald
Trump found out about all this while he
was meeting fellow Republican party
members and he had to address the launch
very quickly he said the US will have to
take care of it right away a missile was
launched a little while ago from North
Korea
we will take care of it we have general
mattis in the room with us and we've got
a long discussion on it it is a
situation that we will handle the US
president Donald Trump and the japanese
prime minister shinzo hobby have been on
the phone during this conversation they
reaffirmed their commitment to counter
North Korea after the recent missile
test that impacted within japan's
exclusive economic zone as I was saying
the UN Security Council has scheduled an
emergency meeting on North Korea's
latest missile launch Italy chairs the
council and its spokesperson says the
Wednesday afternoon meeting was
requested by Japan the u.s. and South
Korea the Security Council has already
imposed its toughest-ever sanctions on
Kim Jong Un's government in response to
its escalating nuclear and ballistic
missile programs and the u.s. and Japan
are likely to seek even stronger
measures but what is really important
here may be even more important than the
launch is the actual response there are
two ways to treat the North Korean
crisis there is an international
consensus that the nuclear and ballistic
missile launches are illegal but what
can make kim jeong-hoon stop more
military drills more pressure or North
Korea or a different kind of approach
that is suggested by China and Russia
that is step-by-step concessions and the
reduction of military presence in the
flexing of military muscles here in the
region so very soon we will see what is
going to prevail here a bran Becca from
the anti-war answer coalition told us
that all sides involved in the standoff
need to negotiate the last time the
United States engaged on the Korean
Peninsula four million Koreans died
thirty-eight thousand Americans died
this is madness the United States needs
to enter into serious negotiations with
North Korea and end the hostility of the
u.s. Pentagon put such extreme pressure
on South Korea and ratcheted up the
rhetoric against North Korea and then
North Korea responding carried out
numerous military tests including the
test of a hydrogen bomb that put
the South Korean government in a corner
so they've used harsh rhetoric but I
think the moonshine government still has
the opportunity to reach back to
Pyongyang and do what I think all the
Koreans in the North in the south and
overseas Koreans and all the people who
want peace want which is negotiations
not a new catastrophic war
