the European Union has extended its
approval for a controversial weedkiller
produced by us agricultural giant
Monsanto Germany and Poland were among
the 18 states who voted in favor of it
while France and Italy were among the
nine against with Portugal abstaining
the move was met with protests in front
of the European Commission depicting the
struggle its president supposedly faces
today we're standing here hoping to get
a message due to the commission to
younger and a yokai test specifically
that democracy is standing behind a ban
on glyphosate they can either choose to
stand behind Monsanto and glyphosate or
they can stand on the side of citizens
opinion polling has been clear those
that signed the ECI have been clear we
want a ban on glyphosate that is where
democracy lies they have a choice now
the chemical in question the glyphosate
is found in the world's most popular
weed killer here's how its inventor and
my producer Monsanto describes it in its
promotional videos but what about their
main active ingredient glyphosate is it
harmful how does it work in addition to
the US EPA regulatory agencies in more
than 160 countries have approved
glyphosate based products glyphosate is
applied to weeds once absorbed it
travels to the roots where it blocks a
specific enzyme found in plants not
animals or humans however concerns over
the chemicals impact on humans were
raised by the World Health
Organization's cancer watchdog which
said it could probably cause the deadly
disease and these concerns fueled the
debate that preceded the EU vote very
concerned that this process is
scientifically flawed there was
sufficient evidence of cancer in animals
and there were strong evidence for
mechanisms that we know to be associated
with carcinogens programmable hair
lacquer dry cleaning products burnt
toast cold are all issues which would be
carcinogenic working night chips cutting
human hair sitting in front of a log
fire and eating processed meat if we are
going to ban glyphosate on the strength
of its carcinogenic risk
don't you agree we have to ban these
things as well for cigarette smoking for
example I'm telling you it's a hazard
I'm not going to tell you how many
cigarettes you must smoke in order to
get cancer and I can confidently tell
you that the story of the company's
top-selling chemical glyphosate is not
one of truth but one of deceit carefully
calculated and choreographed deceit we
lost a member of the European Parliament
from Greece a country that voted against
the weed killers approval why the EU
fourth follow the money and especially
follow the German money you know go
Sandow is going to be bought by buyer
the big pharmaceutical and chemical
several company
glucose 81 was the main products of
Rosado
and despite the dangers for the head for
the people is everybody has a big
influence in these countries those comes
coming from the extra communist bloc it
is a big issue from the nature it is
very big issue for the health of the
people of the farmers as one of the
consumers of the of the products that
will be made with the use of will go for
sale it's not a big deal for the for the
government
