hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report natural free-range organic news
I like those other guys with their
chicken nuggets Stacy I don't know what
that means but I do know that you and I
talk about markets finance scandal and
here is a market story irrational Marcus
crazy Marcus there's a company called
tilray
they have 28 million dollars in annual
revenue twenty-eight million dollars
that's like the local cafe practically
nevertheless it is worth more than
Twitter tilray is now worth more than
twitter twitter daily active users 360
million tilray
daily active users now Attila is a
Canadian company and it's one of these
marijuana companies they stock companies
and there is a bit of euphoria people
are high on these on their supply of
stock here and they went public in July
of 2018 just a few months ago at $17 and
now they were they were up to three
hundred dollars of 94 percent in one day
for example it's gone a bit crazy yeah I
know the 21 billion sounds like a lot of
money and maybe 10 or 15 years ago that
would be considered a lot of money but
these days with some companies now with
market caps over a trillion dollars like
Amazon and Apple 100 billion dollars 20
trillion dollars are is a drop in the
bucket so we are in a new era of multi
trillion-dollar companies and you're
gonna see 20 billion dollar moves ten
billion dollar moves on a regular basis
as you continue to ramp up this market
capitalization so it sounds on paper
like a big move but relative to the
market as a whole it's kind of like
expected well many people around the
world economists in particular the likes
of Paul Krugman have been saying well
you know where is the inflation there's
no inflation all the Peter Schiff sort
of people said there was going to be
massive inflation because of all this
money printing and quantitative easing
and negative interest rates there's no
inflation however because of the debt
bubble and the the black hole of debt
there and that there would be bigger
deflation and yet here we've seen as
Janet Yellen recently
suggested that the Fed should create
future booms right that the Fed to deal
with any crash they should promise
market participants which 84 percent of
stocks in the US are held by the top 10%
but that they should promise market
participants a boom and is this a sort
of melt up are we seeing irrational
exuberance again are we is this what the
Fed wanted is this an engineered you
know you do have Amazon you do have
Apple worth a trillion dollars there are
several other heading towards that as
well you know this looks like a melt up
you see in the chart that chart looks
like a melt up right well I mean
inflation which is just that the dollar
was going down in value but the dollar
has been moving up Gold's been moving
down so you know from a classical
economics perspective we don't see
inflation well we see is financial
engineering and we see money being
printed and given to people who support
the politicians who print the money I
mean that's that's not either
inflationary or deflationary that's
that's corruption at least this company
did does have twenty eight million
dollars in revenue so I mean there was
their shares up ninety percent ninety
four percent in one day and then it
crashed all the way down below so it was
negative for the day and then in the
after market it went up another ten
fifteen twenty percent so it was pretty
crazy but at least they had revenue back
in the dot-com days when you had this
this was the likes of every single
company that went public during those
IPO days of the dot-com boom he had
negative earnings they didn't have any
revenue so at least they have revenue
now this is completely normal market
action I think what caught people's
attention were the numbers you know the
size of these ten billion dollar twenty
billion dollar moves but again relative
to the market as a whole this is the new
normal because now you have multi
trillion-dollar corporation so you have
to adjust your thinking accordingly you
also have to adjust your thinking
accordingly in this new era of you know
many free services online this is the
new dot-com era back in your day there
was a different sort of calm era and
there was a rational exuberance but now
you know you Facebook is a free service
Google lets you
for free they provide you all this
content for free Robin Hood which is one
of the most successful trading apps it's
just an app and Millennials have
downloaded it there's something like 4
million active users mostly Millennials
because they offer you they allow you to
buy and sell shares for no fee no fee at
all in your trading I don't know what it
was when you were a stock worker back in
the 80s but I'm sure it took a lot of
money it costs investors a lot of money
to execute a trade well on Robin Hood
it's nothing well right before
deregulation in the 80s it was 40 cents
a share standard trading on Wall Street
well here it's free it's free allegedly
but in fact Robin Hood investing app
secretly makes millions selling
Millennials user data to high-frequency
trading firms so it's not just selling
your data like Facebook and Google do
it's actually selling it to
high-frequency traders which explain to
the audience what high-frequency traders
might do with this information
well the front-running trades so in
other words if you can trade for one one
millionth of a second and you have
information fed to you by in this case
Robin Hood about few trades coming down
the pike in several seconds in the
future you can put a trade on before
then front-run that trade and steal
money essentially to drain money out of
the out of the system so high-frequency
trading is a way to as we've said before
it's like siphoning gas out of your gas
tank if your neighbor shows up and
sticks a tube and your gas tank and
siphons gas you call that stealing if a
high-frequency trainer shows up with a
server next to the stock exchange and
steals money they call it market making
anyone else would just say hey they're
stealing but here Robin Hood is selling
data to high-frequency traders to allow
them to steal from their clients but
they say well the service is free
you know we're this free come from it
came from when the dot-coms were first
being rolled out in the 1990s the cost
of building these companies was so low
and the cost of their raw materials that
being electrons or free so they could
say you know what let's get a million
users first and then go
raise money it used to be the completely
opposite you needed to raise money and
then go built find users but that that
got reversed the 90s what happened in
the 2000s were the introduction of big
data so big data the ability to take
that free information that was being
given to these platforms and monetize
that that's very pernicious that's the
introduction of other elements into this
economy that many are arguing are highly
undesirable well a few things stealing
from Millennials to give to the rich
that's how they describe what Robin Hood
app does when they sell their their data
now the Robin Hood was by the way the
founders come from high-frequency
trading so obviously they're going to be
looking at how to that's their
background they know that they could
sell this data that's where they were
going
that was their plan it wasn't generosity
it wasn't like hey we love you
Millennials can't involved in the
markets it wasn't like a lot of
Millennials think that they think that
it's all social justice warriors that
that run all these free companies well
here's the latency problem in other
words even with high-frequency trading
on Wall Street there's still a multi one
millionth of a second latency but if
your customers are giving you the data
in real time there's no latency problem
at all you're just outright stealing and
your cost of stealing is reduced so
according to the article Robin Hood
accepts payment for order flow but on
the back of the envelope calculation
they appear to be selling their
customers orders for over ten times as
much as other brokers who engage in the
practice it's a conflict of interest and
as bad for you as a customer a lot of
other brokerages wouldn't do this and
more sophisticated investors would
rather you charge them and not sell
their their order flow to high-frequency
traders the exchanges like the New York
Stock Exchange were selling the data to
high-frequency traders not the
brokerages so their exchanges were
involved in this massive corruption but
what Robin Hood is saying is that we can
make it even more efficient by becoming
a brokerage and by engaging in
corrupt activity and by curing the
latency problem and buy outright
stealing from our customers because as
they say if the service is free you are
the product exactly and it's interesting
that the data from these Millennials is
worth 10 times as much as what other
brokerages are able to sell to high
frequency traders so perhaps it's
because there the execution of trades is
free so there's more volume and more
front-running ability to scalp all these
you know Millennials trading on the
likes of tilray because a lot of these
Millennials most investors will invest
in things they know if they know Apple
and they don't own a Samsung phone
though they'll tend to buy Apple shares
rather than Samsung my guess is the
premium is tied to speed because in the
high-frequency trading game it's all
about speed look if Goldman Sachs could
figure out a way to go backwards in time
and steal money from trades in the
history they would do it but the second
best option is to just increase the
speed in the here and now to steal at a
much rapid pace yeah I mean they could
put some latency on the Robin Hood app
in terms of executing the trade you
don't know and they we know from
experience we know from the experience
of all the Facebook information that
came out that all your data was being
sold to these various groups around the
world in order to manipulate you well
the fact is nobody really dropped it in
fact there was a bunk for a while in
facebook you know users but it's kind of
dropped off now but nevertheless they
know that these people won't give up the
free execution of trades even though
they're gonna they know now that they're
being scalped but most people won't
they'll still take the free trade this
is the new social contract yeah John
Locke would have argued you know a
couple hundred years ago that the social
contract is if the government betrays
you it's it's up to you to revolt I
think that was the social contract
between the governed and the governing
bodies the new social contract is the
will let the government constantly pick
our pocket 24/7 these generations don't
throw us in jail yeah that's the social
contract don't throw me in
and I'll let you pick my pocket all day
long that's the new social contract in
terms of this particular story seemed
more like your concept of casino gulag
as long as they get just like when you
go into a casino in Vegas the house
always wins but you come out feeling
like you won cuz you got a free drink at
the at the poker table so people feel
like well it was a great time these
people probably feel like the same thing
but I want to quickly do in the last few
minutes here I want to point out that
mortgage rates head to 6% 10-year yield
to 4% yield curve fails to invert and
Fed keeps hiking there's an interesting
thing that just happened which shows
that the US Treasury 10-year yield is
ready for the next leg up and the yield
curve might not invert just yet the
10-year yield climbed over the 3% hurdle
again and there was none of the
financial media excitement about it as
there was when that happened last time
it just dabbled with 3% on Monday
climbed over 3% yesterday and closed at
3.0 8% today and it was met with shrugs
in other words this move is now accepted
here's a ten year Treasury you see it
keeps on surging and Wolff Richter at
Wall Street comments predicting it could
possibly served again and that mortgage
rates could be right now they're four
point eight eight percent based on a
30-year mortgage with 20% down and most
people don't put 20% down but he says
it's heading for six percent and none of
the markets are pricing any of this
stuff in because I guess they're on
Robin Hood trading for free because the
bonds pocalypse trade was a Widowmaker
for ten years and everyone's forgotten
about it and that's generally when these
types of things rear their ugly head and
you talk about mortgage debt there's
also student debt which is bigger than
the subprime debt ever was in an uptick
in interest rates means student debt
apocalypse and another bailout so print
another 60 trillion dollars over there
are in the government because it's the
casino Gulag okay much more coming away
right after the break don't go away
welcome back to the cars report I'm Max
Keiser time now to go Oh Chicago uh-oh
talk to miss Chad lock of mich talk.com
Oh miss welcome back hey pleasure to be
back
what's with these clothes max is that
about me or Chicago or both another
piece of reference you know it's good
it's kind of both mesh for example you
live in Chicago have you ever been to
second city TV I have been there
actually okay fair enough have you seen
a Chicago Cubs game yes I have alright
so you know Chicago why therefore can't
Chicago make a decent pizza well I think
they do max but you claimed that pizza
pot pie which is a combination of really
it's really quiche that looks like pizza
you claim as a Chicago in that that's
real pizza now that's not that's just a
possible mesh all right let's move on to
a trade discussion u.s. initial jobless
claims have hit their lowest level since
1969 the Trump economy is booming
your thoughts what's your take well you
know max I gotta say I've been wrong
about this for quite some time so of a
lot of people here been expecting a
stock market correction some people are
calling for a crash it could happen I
expect more like a Japanese scenario
where the stock market once it finally
starts declining just keeps going down
for years without ever having a crash
but you know by all measures about
everything but housing is is looking you
know pretty reasonable but that's always
what happens at the top of bubbles one
could have said that things looked
reasonable in 2000 and again in 2007
max so the question here is when this
bus not whether or not things look good
right at the moment
yeah but jobless claims are down so the
Trump mix of economic policies has
resulted in more jobs that's pretty
clear so is is it the tariffs is it the
consumer confidence here's a question
for you can you have a robust consumer
economy because America is 70% consumer
driven that's what the America is about
it's not like Europe that's welfare
driven it's America it's consumer driven
70% of GDP is consumer so consumer
confidence is up whereas during Obama
consumer confidence was always down how
instrumental how pivotal is that with
the US economy because if people don't
have confidence there they're not going
to be out there or consuming and you're
not gonna see great numbers but Trump
just inspires people to consume a mesh
well I don't think that's true
consumers confidence can turn on a dime
let's go back to 2007 we had people 2006
actually we had people standing outside
the streets lining up around the block
for the right to enter a lottery to buy
a Florida condo two weeks later there
were no lines and no one wanted the
condos that's how fast consumer
sentiment can change here you know as
for Trump driving this with tariffs
small businesses medium-sized businesses
are complaining that even large
businesses are complaining Trump doesn't
care he's going ahead with these tariffs
anyway
the now what we're talking about here so
far is he's put tariffs on about 250
billion dollars in goods that's not two
hundred and fifty billion dollars in
tariffs rather that's ten percent
tariffs on two hundred and fifty billion
dollars worth we just haven't had time
yet for that to filter in and it
well he's talking about upping that and
another 267 billion so over five hundred
billion in tariffs and he's talking
about upping the percentage from ten to
twenty five and he expects it to do this
by Christmas okay here's threaten to do
it by Christmas I don't know what his
expectation is actually the the now
we're talking about the prices of goods
all goods from China going up by a
certain amount well what is that amount
well the ones devalued about ten percent
so we're talking about a fifteen percent
rise or twenty percent rise perhaps in
the costs of goods and you know max
that's not a good thing there's no way
anyone can claim tariffs which are
attacks on consumers and which are going
to undo a substantial piece of his tax
cut which by the way was front-loaded
so that's what we're looking at here max
yeah well unless of course wages go up
by twenty percent you know during the
whole period when China was taking all
of American jobs they had a situation
where consumer costs at places like
Walmart went down and they went down
faster than American wages so that the
American worker didn't really feel it
because they're able to buy stuff
because it got more cheap than the fact
that they were getting their wages cut
now it's the reverse okay prices are
going up but you know we're looking at
with bottlenecks in employment wages
going up so if wages go up faster than
the price of stuff then it's all good
mish I mean there's inflation and that
could be a problem how serious is that
potentially going to be if the inflation
genie
is let out of the bottle and by that I
would I would mean that wages actually
start to enter a wage price spiral
something we haven't seen in decades
mesh yea we've not seen that since what
the seventies eighties maybe the the
let's look at this realistically the
everyone's talking about the
jump in wages okay they jumped they're
up just this one month by the way so it
could be an outlier it could be real it
may continue or it may not but what
we're actually talking about here is
average wages have gone up about I think
the last report I recall was 2.9 percent
okay
the year-over-year inflation is nearly
that not quite so wages average wages
are going up a little bit more than
inflation right now but average wages
distort it's it's not the low-end person
or even the median person because I just
did a report on this mmm
median wages especially for men if you
look at it this is really phenomenal are
lower than they were 20 years ago
incredible all of the increase in
household income max this is I found
this study fascinating was all because
women's wages are finally catching up
with men now that's a good thing but you
you average it all together when they're
going like this and the men are going so
actually he's just slightly down here
over the course of 20 n yeah years and
this is what causes angry white men max
but the when you start discussing
averages a lot of it is skewed by wages
that are going up really well like 8 or
9 percent for the top people of course
they're the ones that spend the money
but the median person and the below
median person is getting killed here max
these are the people that are getting
hurt and you can see it in the housing
sales get me down
four months in a row today existing home
sales were flat mortgage rates are
rising it's going to impact the housing
market I don't know where it starts for
the crisis start
right no one does either Mitch what
you're saying is that wait you just said
wages are going up but more than
inflation and housing is becoming more
affordable how is that bad okay coming
more affordable you can you can you can
because it's the bottom end person
trying to buy the low house that isn't
able to existing home sales were down
four months in a row hardly a sign that
things are more affordable max you got
this backwards you're saying house
prices well look at the household
Annette were climbing by two point one
nine trillion in the second quarter on
okay the stock market and the jobs
numbers the the stagnation and housing
would imply that there's no houses
moving if the houses are not moving at
the current levels you're gonna see an
adjustment of prices that sounds like
with a rising stock market and higher
wages yes that that's the housing number
is one piece of a bigger economic pie
yeah agreed
all right mister let's change gears here
for a second so Janet Yellen you
remember her she ran the Fed for a while
she recently suggested that the Fed
should promise to deliver future booms
she she said to deliver future booms
what do you what are your thoughts on
this eyes all right crazy
the the she's got the heart the cart
before the horse here the reason why
what she's talking about what she said
is the Fed needs to commit to a boom if
we have another major decline
substantial decline and it off use the
word crash or not the but what what
she's failing to look at is the cause of
these crashes or recessions are actually
the boom that preceded it so and the
curious thing about this is she is
asking the Fed to do what it exactly has
been doing asymmetric policies at the
bottom keeping interest rates too low
too long at the tail end
of every decline adding fuel actually
creating the next boom she's just saying
let's have more of it with a bigger
amplitude than we already have
and we saw it first with the dot-com
bubble in 2000 we saw it again with a
housing bubble and we saw it again right
now I believe there's an even bigger
bubble now max people think that the
bubbles in bonds it is it's ash in
corporate bonds max the amount of junk
borrowing to propel an exercice one of
the things fueling jobs max is all of
the corporate bond junk bond issuance
that's floating around that supports
both jobs and it supports the low
employment rate it's gonna Boston max
bubbles bust right I mean this she's
just repeating what alan greenspan kind
of invented during his reign at the Fed
the so-called Greenspan put that market
should never go down the Fed should
always intervene and make liquidity
available they have no responsibility
unlike Paul Volcker who took a much
different approach to the job of Federal
Reserve Chairman miss said lock
hopelessly you can stay around for
another segment we got to go for now
thanks for being on Kai's report
pleasure to be back on max I'll stay
around for one more oh fantastic and
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy Herbert like to thank guard gues
mich shed lock of mich talk.com if you
want to reach us on twitter its kind of
report into the next time bye y'all
