now Islamic states may be losing its
hold over Iraq and Syria but it's still
inspiring Europeans to carry out attacks
at home and ever younger ones at that
two of the most recent cases involved
suspects under the age of 18 looking out
for us live to our London correspondent
Laura Smith for more on this so Laura
good to see you now it looks like ISIL
is winning ever over ever younger hearts
and minds what more can you tell us
that's right we've got two stories in
the European media on Tuesday showing
really how younger minds as you say are
falling victims to radicalization the
first is a story from over in Denmark a
Danish girl a Muslim convert who was
convicted of planning bomb attacks on to
Copenhagen schools police found
bomb-making equipment in her bedroom and
also writings expressing sympathy with
ISIL she's 17 now but she was only 15
years old when she was arrested for
these plans the evidence police say
indicated that she was planning bombing
attacks on her own former primary school
and on a nearby Jewish school the High
Court
recently extended her sentence actually
from six to eight years they said
reflecting her age of course and the
nature of her crime
and in the second story that we're
hearing today in the British media is
British a Welsh teen who was found
guilty of plotting to ram a car into a
crowd in Cardiff he had a range of
targets in mind we understand but one of
them was a Justin Bieber concert so
similar to the Manchester attack also on
a teen music venue and another was a
cardiff shopping center again in his
bedroom police found a martyrdom letter
which said he called himself a soldier
of the Islamic state and they also found
a large knife and a hammer in a bag in
his bedroom the CPS is saying that he
was planning an attack very much like
the Westminster attack you'll remember
that a man drove a van into a crowd on
westminster bridge and then got out and
stabbed a police officer so along those
lines this boy who also can't be named
because of his age just 17 years
age posted ISIL propaganda on Instagram
and actually his Instagram password was
truck attack we understand and this is
part of a growing a trend really I mean
the figures are quite recent and quite
scant but we do know that a hundred and
seventeen people under 25 were arrested
for terrifying offenses in the year up
to June 2017 so June this year half of
them were in the 17 to 20 age bracket
and the other half were slightly older
20 to 25 some of those arrests didn't
lead to charges but still home office
figures do show a rise in the number of
young people charged with terrorist
