the Church of Sweden has been forced to
respond to claims that it's ruled God
must only be referred to in
gender-neutral terms now that story was
spread by a number of international news
outlets of course the traditional
expressions of Christian faith remain in
the new worship book
however some gender-neutral ways of
addressing God have been added in some
prayers in Swedish there is nowadays an
official gender-neutral pronoun hen this
word is not used at all in the worship
book well the church is in fact
introducing just a few updates at the
beginning of services it will be deemed
acceptable to use three different ways
of describing God one of those will be
gender-neutral and the holy spirit will
also be referred to in the female
grammatical gender well the talk about
how significant the changes are or not
we're joined now by political activist
Kate Smith with the leader of the
Christian voice advocacy group Stephen
green you're both very welcome to the
program Stephen can we start with you is
this a sign that the Christian Church is
modernizing for the better and perhaps
adopting values that could see more
women for example join the ranks I think
we have to understand that there are
people today who've had either a
negative experience for their own father
or no experience at all no father dad we
do tend to understand God as fathers who
are only experiencing other father and
so it's sort of it certainly is that
challenge and an equally none of us is
going to understand the the Godhead the
Holy Trinity as we should you know
having said that that the Bible is is
perfectly clear people are baptized in
the name of the Father the Son and the
Holy Spirit and Jesus Christ referred to
God as his father no fewer than 62 times
in the gospels hinder 59 separate verses
so you know I can only speak as a word
of God says and that is the reality
Kait are things perhaps moving too far
too fast
could this be seen I suppose as an
unnecessary move just to appease liberal
elements within the church and Swedish
society as a whole well there is a sense
in which it's unnecessary in
for us you know God is not male God is
not female what God is is entirely
fictional and so we're in this world of
updating an outdated institution where
in actual fact you know the easy and
obvious solution is simply to scrap it
the truth is that the history of
organized religion and you know
Christianity no exception is absolutely
littered with a horrific trail of
misogyny and also you know homophobia
and racism and all sorts of other
nasties and what we need to do is to get
rid of that now you know to me the sort
of like switching to a gender-neutral
pronoun it feels like slightly
rearranging the deck chairs on the
Titanic it is not that long ago that you
know the church thought that women were
essentially the property of their
husbands and I think in the 21st century
you know yes we could go back and start
trying to revise that but what we should
do that is the more sensible thing to do
is to just accept that it's a nonsense
it means you know it meant nothing then
it means nothing now and choose to live
our lives by our own you know choice of
moral values you know including equality
which seems like the most fundamental
one there are millions of Swedes who
will of course disagree with that
sentiment the followers of the Church of
Sweden you know Stephen in terms of what
Kate was saying there is it sensible to
stop using gender specific terms to an
entity specific terms were referring to
God Steve oh wow this is going
opportunity and the
this is not what we're talking about
it's not gender specific inclusive
language gender inclusive languages for
example when it says blessed is the man
who walketh not in the counsel of the
ungodly we understand that the word man
there means men and women when we talk
about mankind it does just mean men to
the exclusion of women it means all of
us so I reject this divisive nough sit
sum setting
men and women at each other's throats
real in real life we have to get on with
each other but you see in real life you
were at your wife's throat weren't you
Steven you beat him with a piece of wood
until she bled and then right we of
course you're not speaking about any of
this come on Katie
well let me put this point to you the
subject even you can't sit there and
tell me that the church doesn't have a
history of sexism when you yourself are
notorious for it Steven and I really
would really want to get your thoughts
on understand how we can have a case
okay about gender and not address the
fact that we're talking to a wife B okay
we do not need to get personal on this
we've enough to get busy with with these
questions okay Kate hold on could this
prompt this is a point I really want to
bring up to you Kate
perhaps other churches the Catholic
Church possibly the Church of England
seeing something like this happening and
then deciding to double down on their
conservatism seeing that we don't want
something like this to seep in to our
beliefs well it's strange isn't it the
idea that that some sort of sense of
gender equality would seep into our
beliefs it suggests that our beliefs are
bedded on some rather nasty issues of
gender inequality and you know and and
ii know i talk about traditionalism
myself is time talking about
traditionalism through centuries it's
been he yeah but I'm not arguing with
you there I mean I agree that it is
traditional but the traditional history
of the church is deeply deeply sexist
and you know it's interesting that you
suggest that oh you know if we move
forwards too quickly
there'll be a backlash that the truth is
whenever we we move forwards there is
always a backlash there are haters out
there one of them is sat in your other
studio having this conversation there
are haters out there and they're gonna
hate and that's no reason to stall the
progress of greater equality going
forward absolutely none Steven does the
Church of Sweden risk
alienating itself from other churches in
other countries is it going to be a you
know almost a pariah in this theorem I
don't think we need to take any you know
in any any lessons from other to
actually hate the Christian faith I mean
the you know the fact is that you know
God is depicted in Scripture as as male
and Jesus Christ came to earth as a man
and you know mature people are going to
be you know simply understand that for
what it is and you know and it's it's
pointless so you're you know dragging
through the you know through the gutter
press about about this it's just not
going to get us anywhere you know we
need to be I think mature and talking
about about the issues which are how do
we present that the Christian faith to
people out there and I believe that we
do that by being faithful to the
Scriptures faithful to them to the
witness and the and the Ministry of the
Lord Jesus Christ Kate well I mean you
know if we want to look at like what the
actual scripture says the scripture says
all sorts of horrific things if you you
know go back to the Old Testament and
and this god of yours Steven is killing
people left right and center and and if
you look at the New Testament the most
perfect woman is presented as a virgin
who had a baby it's not really an
achievable life goal what we need to do
is for the church needs to modernize or
you know better still let's short cut
that and simply get rid of organized
religion which has done nothing for
women for centuries and indeed millennia
not just across Christian faith but a
whole across a whole range of faiths and
you know and and and ditto what the
church is saying about you know gay
people in some quarters what the church
is saying about disabled people there
are all sorts of nasties out there and
to suggest that the people are hating on
the Christian faith well you know I'm
afraid that there are people out there
and I very much include yourself Steven
I mean I mean do you deny Steven that
you called for the death penalty for gay
people we are we are where we are we
know that you do but I can no blonde
ducks
I certainly I'm good I'm going to accept
what what the Word of God says and the
fact is about coming up to Christmas
recover at a time when we're going to be
celebrating that God became man in
Christ Jesus and he did that in order to
go to the cross to pay the penalty
for your sins or for mine and and that
is the truth of the Christian faith and
all this yelling about it justify
killing gay people would it Steve lose
that baby the reason to kill gay people
in your opinion cuz that is what you've
said you you caught you know you've
called for this thing I want to go back
to this is what you've said Stephen
either back it up or retract it you know
simple your honor go for it Stephen I
want to get back to the topic here hold
on Stephen a second I want to put this
point to it but Kate was talking about
as well the Christian Church is
struggling in numbers across the world
we know this is it the fact that it
continues to hold on to certain
regressive antiquated values part of the
reason why it is struggling well I don't
think it is struggling at all numbers
are basis worthy no in places where the
Word of God is preached faithfully in
Africa in Asia dare I say in Russia the
Christian faith is flourishing you know
we don't we don't know how much to bend
with this society and accept the mores
of the day well somebody said that that
the scene the ship is great sorry the
ship in the sea is great the scene the
ship is bad and if the church is in the
world that's good if the world comes
into the church then it the world will
do for us for the church and same as to
see dots on a ship on the face so we
need to say faithful to the Scriptures
and you know we need to you know we need
to have a loving approach to to
ministering the gospel which is a gospel
of forgiveness from sins of that that's
my sins and that's yours
okay we're just coming to the end we've
got it but a minute left Kate thirty
seconds just to summarize your views on
this topic if you would please well yeah
I mean the bottom line is that of course
churches should modernize of course all
religious organizations that indeed all
organizations should continually seek to
modernize and to promote greater
equality you know between the sexes and
also you know between different races
and between people from all sorts of
different backgrounds and different life
experiences and you know but but the
church has a very poor history on this
it's not it's not a question about
catching up with the times it's way
behind the times it has a history of
treating
pretty horrific ly you know the best
plan would be to get rid of it and
frankly also you know to get rid of
those people advocating for it who have
a history of you know violence horrific
homophobia themselves such as I think
you know who I mean Steven thirty
seconds this isn't about the church is
it that Christmas is about the person of
Jesus Christ that's what it's all about
- forgive us our sins or did he not
that's that is the question we must all
be asking us well he didn't really
there's not much evidence to suggest he
did seems pretty clear that he also also
the discussion mustn't be conducted in a
childish way like that of course of
course it is there is there is
overwhelming evidence of the life of
Christ not leasing the Gospels and
that's where I'm standing well I
appreciate both of you coming on the
program and sharing your views with such
vigor political activist and comedian
Kate's mirth wait on the leader of
Christian voice an advocacy group in the
UK Stephen green thank you both very
much
