hey everybody I'm Stephen Baldwin gosh I
look fantastic
Hollywood guy usual suspects my favorite
movie proud American first of all I'm
dressed as George Washington Shaw and RV
enthusiast uncle Steve this is my buddy
max famous financial guru and well he's
a little bit different I'm honest
Abraham Lincoln oh my god their windows
last but not least my larger-than-life
cranium
an aspiring star reowww
with all the drama happening in our
great country I'm hitting the road to
have some fun
me everyday Americans see an ice frosty
but on here Twitter's go
frosty bud what's America to you our
ancestors suffered the most and see how
things got so crazy I was naked
completely naked he bit my finger off
hopefully start to bridge the gap this
is the great American pilgrimage
welcome to Venice Beach California one
of the coolest places to be in the world
well until now
Stephen is pondering how he can start a
conversation that will help bring
America together but Stephen cannot do
it alone he needs the help of his
trusted friend famous financial adviser
Max Keiser
it's been a long time my friend yeah
here we are
I haven't seen you Oh 10 years 15 years
it goes back 30 years remember I saw you
back in Nana ganzen I think I'm against
it
Long Island New York back when you were
roommates with big brother Alec now
we're here in Venice California at the
very first place that was the motivation
for me to ever ride on an airplane the
first time with big brother Alec flew me
out 17 years old he had a place here in
Venice and I wanted to connect with you
brother I got an itch and I and I'm
telling you with all I've done where all
I've all the places I've been everything
I've seen I can't figure out what's
going on in America what what exactly
what are you thinking I mean the word
that came to mind for me was pilgrimage
exactly after like the craziest
presidential election the country's
divided but in a way that like I mean
the only way for me to figure it out I
think it's just go out on the road and
ask people just literally embark on a
pilgrimage of knowledge so to speak
where we're asking everyday Americans
from all walks life rich poor this that
coffee guy at a barista to a military
airplane pilot whatever I just want to
drive along in an RV maybe grab my dogs
or something and basically just stop
along the way and just say what's
America mean to you
we're seeing now that there is a open
wound and it's it's acting out a number
of different ways there's a lot of
street violence there's a lot of protest
racism coming coming to the fore so now
we're seeing it it's not coming from
from the place of mystery we I think I
and it's exposed the darkness is now in
the light but I see that vision in that
dream of America and the hope that is
America I see that eroding no question
right so but somewhere out there is the
seed of the next revolution of genius
and in that seed will be the spark of
hope
I'm hopeful you got to be helpful yeah
what America is all about what makes
America great to me is the freedom to
obtain the knowledge see once you have
the knowledge then you're free to make
change I'm not interested in my opinion
I'm interested in the knowledge of
learning from other people's opinions so
I'm excited for me it's it's that
important
do you understand that this is not a
trivial thing I mean absolutely that's
is it exciting to me because what I've
learned is we don't know something
do your best to surround yourself with
the people that do I also understand
that and this is part of why I called
you
I'm never gonna be able to to journey on
this whole thing by myself I'm gonna
have to have some help and I'm gonna
have probably know a whole bunch of
people that are smarter than me to help
me get it done so I see we get out of
the cows and we go say hi to my three
dogs that I have with me brother to go
from here three dogs as we head on the
spiritual journey you're my spiritual
guru of course I'm gonna go wherever you
say I go of course you ring we bring you
don't say weak brother this could be an
amazing movement and conversation bit
let's do it we're to go officially the
great American Cobra Mitch
take us all the way and the dogs
let's do it before the journey can truly
begin Stephen wants to check in with the
owner of this establishment on Macs and
get his junior perspective on America
this cafe has been here 50 years the
longevity is rare and to do it with such
style even rarer yep I built this from
scratch I didn't have any money so I got
the city to allow me to be my own
contractor then build this you could
never do it today throwing all social
norms out the window Stephen gets down
to brass tacks
what's America to you America to me is
what Venice is to me is the most
eclectic subculture in the world and why
so many people come from all over the
world and come to America and when it
comes to Venice it's because this is
what they really feel about America
this collection of people's white black
brown but just me for example I'm a
white you can't call me away okay but I
am I was born in Panama that's true
he cuando yo hablo espanol is authentic
Oh
people when I speak Spanish as Jesus
would you learn to speak Spanish of it
when I go back home to visit my family
I'm the only one that speaks English but
I grew up in a barrio that was a
toughest body in Latin America very very
dangerous the official name of the
street like you see Washington there or
Pacific the official name of the street
that I grew up is solid seep with it
translated get out if you can and it's
still that name today
gavel espanol in ASEAN or through by you
know they look at me in HD me thinking
what the hell is this
but that's America that is America you
can be old white as white as I am and be
a Latino right and I came here on a visa
notice 13 years old and you wouldn't
think it up but that's what we want
we don't want you to be able to
categorize everybody in and that's what
Venice is for America so this is what
attracts me to Venice that you can't
judge the population here by the facade
you know the way you describe the Venice
and you move here it's edgy and you even
a little violent this finger here
how much shorter it is right here I had
an altercation with a guy on PCP Stevens
thinking this gives a whole new
definition to finger-food and he drew
him our scuffle he bit my finger off
bit it off had it in his mouth I didn't
even know when it happened I try to talk
my way out of everything I forget a guy
here I got a guy here yesterday and he
was taking people's full quote don't be
fit we're this is just a little business
and I'm here trying to make a living
from my wife my daughter and guys have
worked me all local escape which am I
taking the town the street I'd
appreciate it and some guys have said to
me you know nobody ever treats us with
respect and we appreciate that I said
well I tried to do what I get blessings
my friend thank you for everything but
we got to get back on our pilgrimage
it's my journey you kiss nah I take it
see you soon mr. Hartley take care
Stephen and Max are feeling patriotic so
they decide to hit the beach and talk
with some locals about the current state
of the nation first of all I'm just as
George Washington's we don't know why
Sir
B I'm a born-again Christian regardless
of my views in that respect would you
think that the other person that could
have become president would be moving
the country in the direction that you
would prefer or are you one of these
people that says I think this guy is
just all wrong but maybe I should give
him a chance or no way he's just all
wrong and they should impeach him as
soon as possible right I know what he
wants to do but he's going about
everything the wrong way why everything
he's closing off borders okay people
come to this country to do better to
technology science a lot of things they
come to this country because they know
they can make it better and when you cut
all that off how can America become
better how come American become great
when you're cutting off all the talent
coming in
so I have a big problem with that right
there really quick just keep an eye on
max make sure he's okay
I mean we should be shooting that it's
adorable but um so I'm saying this we
all get together and start to talk about
it and this show is that conversation
hey you know what's up not that I think
my boys gonna solve anything and there's
a lot about that personally I agree with
a lot I don't write
what don't you bring it what don't I
agree with about this guy Wow p45 right
okay we call him p45 because it's the
fifth president wonderful okay pop I
agree with most of what he represents
well I certainly think that we have to
do something to know who's coming in the
country yeah I don't have a problem with
that but what I'm having to see we're
similar and we didn't even know we have
Donald Trump p45 saying that he should
fire all the people who want to take a
knee in the football stadiums in the
basketball games as well as throughout
America they should be fired wrong why
because it is their First Amendment
right and there's nothing in the NFL
books that says that you can't show that
you can protest in that light it's time
for us to not talk about the problem
it's time for us to talk about how we
need to save the problem it's so spread
the word what you heard on how we need
to strategize to get our people to
realize that in spite of all years of
past adversity success can still be
obtained amen we're pretty sure they
heard it
it's the end of the first day and
already our heroes Steven and Max have
seen the passion that Americans have for
our great country they're hoping the
great American pilgrimage will bring
them enlightenment and bridge the gaps
that divide us
our heroes have started the conversation
that will hopefully bring America
together Stephens hopeful the rest of
his time in Venice will be smooth
okay then hey Rach what's up I'd like to
maybe swap this out if that's cool
appreciate if you couldn't tell from his
SoCal style Stephen has long held an
affinity for skateboarding is everything
in here is the harbor brand so our sweep
can I put those wheels on that board
yeah easy look at this
what board is this this is the rally
rally photos serious
what's the trucks trucks or perish
choice let's go so yeah they're pretty
new and they're sweet they're awesome so
they're reversed kingpin so it's gonna
feel like super surfer you in here when
you're skating around really they're
really turning yet oh sweet they're a
lot of fun there you are dude I love it
and you know I'm a little I'm a little
glam II so I had to go with the white
wheel bro oh yeah you know let him know
you're there what upset I think it
Dakota's like we got away excuse me
to do this all time seems like that
eight sneezes bro well thank you brother
yeah I'm gonna meet you congratulations
so with all your success guys thank you
bro appreciate it guys
peace thanks again I'll talk to you
who it is smooth bro
before the journey can truly begin
Stephen must check in with his dogs
everybody sit perfect on camera and back
to one and Rio
very good that's very up well my brother
max I'd like to show you something right
over here that you're more than welcome
to join me in continuing brother on the
great American pilgrimage I think that
this will get you there comfortably if
your time and schedule work permit joy
house I'll get in I can't believe it -
baby and the gap the great American
pilgrimage just begun
right
with a bit of eagerness in a dash of
excitement our heroes know there is
nothing that will get in the way of the
journey
this is our worst nightmare hold on a
second
that max oh wow
come off the fire and into the fire
this is really yummy
because these fires you can do like a
smoke to juice well you know
California's Vegas agriculture in
America back our oranges oh oh they got
oranges
I think Bing Crosby's next to Bing
Crosby invested like all this money in
orange groves this is where we're in
orange country citrus country are you
drinking right that right there is the
nectar of California I'll tell you what
max if you wouldn't mind
let's go for it Google nearest citrus
farm
grass centers farm
yeah well turn on the navigational
support
I need some more we're like 20 minutes
away did dress the citrus farm
or nectar of the pilgrimage Lee
as the guys hit their first stop on the
road
they're hoping things go down a lot
easier than a glass of OJ
there's almost choked on my
shall we dance
all right wow this is beautiful
Stephen hasn't seen this much green
since his cameo and half-baked check it
out max I think you'd look spectacular
on that tractor thing kind of Oh after
you sir thank you
hey guys how are you nice to meet you
Stephen Baldwin John bus hey John and
your name is joint glasses yeah so we
thought it'd be fun to learn a little
bit more about the orange business come
say hi to you guys maybe you can show us
some of your wonderful product and
educate us on farming with our images
got some right outsiders go take a look
at it
Thanks these are here
please don't giggle at me but this is an
art today oh Lord and right now it's
green that's great what's gone turn
orange okay second yeah it's right spray
it or enjoy it you can see the Vic or
you could ask for gas on make a morgue
but there's there's the navel yeah
that's why they call him navel don't you
dare visit big navel under now we were
coming through the fire as we just
discussed coming down here
all that smoke that affected your
business at all no it has no not our
biggest rival is water and water
availability and how long you been doing
this we've been up here since 1960 from
the 60s till now has that water problem
always been the case or just
progressively worse progressively it
gets worse right just was popular just a
big demand for water and a diminishing
supply because a lot of our well waters
are depleted so now we everything we get
here is imported yeah and so it is
becomes very expensive everything all
the water for farming here in Riverside
here is brought from somewhere else
somewhere else
so we just want to hear what's America
to you that's my question
I should just I just say whatever you
want okay it's freedom it's it's it's
getting ahead being able to work hard
and get ahead now your family started
this when 1907 first citrus grove a
planet and then you stepped foot on this
farm for the first time approximately
what age to like be working 1960 I guess
I got to figure out how that would be
but that's what it was now Miss America
still have that family farming homeland
Heartland is this still part of America
I I believe we do i sir have it we try
to put a Grove in escrow the other day
we're expanding even though we know
we're do because you know it's a way 200
sounds like faith I mean that sounds
like the most American thing I've heard
all day
no we're doing but it doesn't matter
much like this pilgrimage it doesn't is
gonna keep go down fighting here right
yeah fantastic yeah we'll do that yeah
you've mentioned the water is being a
challenge do you think that's gonna
continue to be a challenge the water
always beat you our biggest challenge
with the water is obtain all of our
biggest challenges now we have a
greening disease coming from China again
it's a what disease but they call it
call it Hong Kong bang it's room
from China started China we call it
greening and said it's a little a ffice
and if it takes one by two your orange
tree that tree is dead five six what he
writes until a ffice it's a scent like a
psyllid say like an affix like a little
bitty eighth of an inch little bug Wow
how do you fight this this on the
horizon is a potential doom that am i
right or wrong it's Eve is there no yeah
I know what to do it like I say Florida
probably has three times four times the
trees that California I mean it that
much speaker California and they're done
universities come up with a resistor
Woodstock but the only thing is it
doesn't bear fruit so it doesn't do any
good but they have they haven't given up
there they're trying to come up said
sure is that your attempt at some
stand-up comedy John no that's the truth
okay I think we should head back in and
and and if I don't get a glass orange
juice soon I'm gonna fate
okay we got that
the pilgrimage that's one of the recent
Rastogi many strawberries thrown on it
gives us great
Wow brother I'm gonna get a bus schedule
I'm gonna get a buck okay it's your bag
if you want a bucket but max get
yourself some figs max yeah these figs
are looking delicious nothing like it
figure with it bro what I'm talking
about
yeah buddy yeah I'm talking about
something bag to go cuz you know some
people know me max yeah like yourself
they say that I carry around too many
little bags of stuff like alright I
personally I put my stuff in like a
little bag of rear and then a little bag
over there and then a little bag over
here then now we have an extra new what
is it that is a fig oh my lord
wow that's in the bounty of the earth
pound that's better than the fig bar I
buy off the shelf over there at the
fancy supermarket with this it's the
real deal
mm-hmm well that's good stuff our news
four days for the citrus Rascals
with their sugar count back on track and
enough fruit to last them in the winter
our heroes are ready to take the next
step on this epic journey history will
remember as the great American
pilgrimage next time on the great
American pilgrimage
