the brother of a British jihadi fighter
has set up a support group for the
families of extremists he say is there a
stigmatized on face isolation in the UK
my name is Michael Evans and I know the
pain of losing a loved one to extremism
I lost my brother to al-shabaab in 2015
when he was killed in Kenya and I know
from experience that there was no
support out there for families and I
want to make sure all of that changes
well more than 800 British citizens have
gone to Iraq and Syria to fight
alongside terrorist groups it is
estimated that around half of them have
returned to the UK that's the largest
number in Europe joining live to discuss
this is Jonathon Arnott's and MEP for
the UK Independence Party until he
Hussain a journalist at five pillars UK
gentlemen you're both very welcome to
the program
Jonathan can we start with you this
initiative that's been set up what's
your thoughts on it should it be widely
supported well it seems to me that we
live in a free and democratic society
and of course anybody who under the law
wishes to set up whatever organisation
they wish to set up has absolutely the
right to do so so they're perfectly free
to set such a group up however my
question would be that when you're
talking about what should be widely
supported I think frankly we should be
thinking an awful lot more about the
victims of Isis rather than of the of
the families of those who have committed
those atrocities so I suppose my view on
this is that he's fine for them to do it
but but to suggest that the wider
society should play a massive role in
supporting that I think would be the
wrong priority delhi what is your
thoughts on that particular aspect of
resources going to this there will be
those of course is say family members
would have known their relatives left to
fight for what's essentially a death
called some of them anyway why should
they be helped by a charity I think it's
it's important that we understand that
family members are also victims to some
degree
unless they were holding some kind of
sensitive information that was further
endanger the people of this country I
think they have gone through a lot of
emotional psychological and social
trauma and isolation and they have every
right to set up such groups to support
one another through this process of
grieving and hardship however what I do
disagree with is for such groups to be
politicized by government agencies for
interfaith groups that claim to work
towards interfaith dialogue but in fact
all they do is I actually peddle the
government's narrative is to actually
politicize such groups for which
whatever means they want to achieve so
by all means and family members can and
have the right to do so to set up such
groups I'm totally against these groups
being politicized to further government
policy Jonathan the point here isn't it
if this helps stop an atrocity in the
future is that not a good thing the
support group it wants to prevent
radicalization as well at early stages
is it not vital for them to communicate
with those families who've already been
through that I suppose the question here
is is what exactly are we referring to
because if we're talking about a support
group being set up by families who had
absolutely no knowledge or or support
for anything that is related related to
the to the ideology of Isis and they're
supporting each other well there is no
counter radicalization that's going to
take place if we're saying those people
aren't medicalized
in the first place on the other hand if
we are talking about people where there
are legitimate suspicions in in whatever
percentage of cases that there was prior
knowledge and where perhaps there is
concern that others within within that
family might have been heading along a
similar similar path then perhaps there
is it there is a question of where then
government does need to step in but but
neither of those really are going to see
counter radicalization being held
by the setting up such a group albeit
that they have the legal right to say
stop if they wish to do so
Dilli - the other point that we were
speaking about that that statistic more
than 800 British citizens who have gone
to Iraq and Syria to fight alongside
terrorist groups more than half of them
have now returned to the UK the biggest
number percentage-wise
in Europe what about these fighters or
indeed ISIL sympathizers who return to
your country should they be reunited
with their families well if they're ISIL
sympathizers and they've been to Syria
then I don't think they're sympathized
and they've gone beyond the remit of
sympathise okay going out to Syria and
they've come back with my personal view
my personal view is this and my
respected guests may disagree or may not
is that people who have gone up to Syria
whoever they gone out there to do aid
work or if they're gone to join Isis or
any other Syrian rebel faction to revoke
their citizenship and to arrest them
upon arrival is counterproductive I
prefer the more the Danish model it's
not ideal and the Danish model is that
you allow them to come back and
reintegrate back to society and provide
the psychological support because
legally speaking they've not actually
committed a crime on the in this land
besides being a part of a proscribed
group which yes is a crime in of itself
but if we take it back to the support
group the support group if it's there
for psychological and emotional support
for trauma and emotional issues which
families have experienced I support that
and I can understand that what I do not
support Anwar do not agree with is such
initiatives being used by government
agencies for it to then be championed
and presented as counter radicalization
or counter extremism fronts with us
essentially not what it is Jonathan on
the issue of fighters returning home
your thought well I think my fellow
guests said very clearly that they
haven't committed a crime other than and
then saying being members of a
proscribed organization not just being
members of a proscribed organization but
have actually gone out and fought for
that proscribed organisation and commit
the most appalling of Acts and if we are
to give a free pass to people who have
done that returning then what we also do
is we send out completely the wrong
message to others who might be tempted
by such things in the future so I think
you know where a crime has been
committed then the law needs to be
enforced properly and people who and
people who come back to the UK should
very much if they've been committing
those crimes they should be prosecuted
to the full force of the law you
prosecute those crimes first and then
you think about the ways in which you
can do an awful lot more in terms of
count electical ization and stopping
these four things from happening in the
future but you have to have the rule of
law first and just looking further down
the line Delhi is it actually possible
to rehabilitate someone brainwashed to
this extent by terrorist propaganda and
the things that we have done the things
that they have seen kidnapping women
selling them as sex slaves throwing game
in off buildings we're not listen what
we're not we're not we're not we're not
dealing robots we're not dealing with
the t100 Terminator we are ultimately
dealing with human beings the same kind
of human beings that like British Jews
who go over to Israel and commit heinous
crimes against Palestinians the same
kind of Kurdish individuals from the UK
who go on fight with terrorist
organization like the PKK who are listed
terrorist organization it's just that
Isis has been a proscribed group and
therefore and they have been it's
illegal to be a member or to fight with
them so we deal with human beings
because they are human beings they're
not two-headed monsters they're not
terminators they're not robots they have
brains they have a conscience and many
of the individuals that want to come
back from Syria they are ultimately
disenfranchised and they've realized the
reality of Isis and and they want to
come back because they've realized that
it wasn't exactly what they thought they
were going to join once they're out this
is an especially these colleges mortal
individuals this is a death cult you're
talking about people gonna have a lot of
opposition are you not Jonathan there's
going to be a lot of opposition it's
important construction Jonathan well it
just seems to me that that ideology
is one which is a murderous ideology
which is one which kills people left
right and center everywhere it goes and
it is something which must be resisted
in all its forms and and and for me when
somebody comes back to the UK it may
well be possible that in some cases
rehabilitation could occur and could
make a difference and that those people
could be reintegrated in society but
here's the question what happens for the
percentage of people for whom that is
not possible and you know we can talk
about the possibility of trying to help
some people but actually those people
who have gone and committed murderous
acts really should be held to account
for those acts
dele you have the last 30 seconds to do
it I'm all for accountability I'm all
for rule of law but the point of the
point here is that we should be
consistent when it comes to death murder
and crime so in the same way that we
treat Isis fighters coming back to the
UK we should we should extend that same
level of accountability to British Jews
who govern during the Israeli army and
then commit crimes but that's okay
because Israel is a recognized legal
organization so it doesn't matter they
still commit they they they still commit
human they still commit human rights
abuses genocide in gaza and they have
done so it's on record so let's be
consistent and we're gonna have
accountability and rule of law let's be
consistent because one may be a
difficult which is proscribed another
one is an official army but it's still a
difficult that's my theory let's just be
consistent when doing accountability
sites to the israel-palestine question
as we all know that's that's a pathetic
argument okay Jonathan Arnott MEP for
the UK Independence Party and Dilli
Hussain journalist at five pillars UK
thank you very much for taking the time
to discuss this issue this hour
