when they played Oliver Bal de Crillon
certainly did Petula move over here
Leaney Napa to because it about calm
them could go through the Boston City
huh
in October 1917 the Bolsheviks led by
Vladimir Lenin seized power and set out
to build the most equitable society on
earth before long other countries
followed Russia's example but so far the
recipe for Universal happiness remains
elusive
people are still searching to this day
Louis ammonia capital is an appalling
affair is a la revolution if I didn't
gala it available assurance a separ to
treat
can we even remember the events of a
century ago and if so why is that we
went out in search of people who view
Russia's 1917 revolution as a global
event first of all we went to visit
left-wing ideologist and famous French
philosopher Alain Badiou so one small
surprise maybe it's not a surprise you
know that your books published in Russia
le t and it's difficult for me to a
doctor
so what is your adequate account of
political philosophy suppose I am Kelly
priyanka general Managua boscorelli
telugu peasant ella possibilities in the
new hip - you know this - our - Tonti AR
the granite a dope rico ill exists
digitally invert utopia
Aoyama kids the oak favela Italy from
testament Wilden ilium list in the
resist or Barroso meanness pre-research
Lassard eating is both a committed
communist and a millionaire
he's from the Swedish town of barbarika
where he's a local celebrity
in my state I hire both tell here let me
clear your cookbooks you need a hair
stone young-chan are my three statute of
got to know her
Pena nudist estado que la mala restart
and alcoholics are accosting alemannic
Oceania Samaria the end are necessarily
odd for me or my aunt pang Yong su solo
hope so man you're late man oh man
lmao MSA to form an annuity vodka policy
to diplomatic putana said defense moly
it's a score per family there are like a
lot of it people heal secular here I
have something interesting
you have there all have books a
precursor your beat or default building
and only and in yellow palette Michael
to come on might be long lien in your
DNA you said lien in a single moments
for you - Shawn yes this under
international champion film score
particular to the fitness the place at
agra fort at home for return on
intellectual mr. Houle dom somewhere yet
places the asanas london long teed for
your but moved
Maxton under threat d40 old this price
has been so discussed in sweden and it
has the swedish academy they they give
out the Nobel price they were furious
when we invented this price so
it is learning and you can see that he
is made in China he said he's a little
more Chinese than Russian in this but
you don't think some is efficient for me
something else
Madame host a communist many others
don't freak out if sacrum be fooled
aspirins Austin ROC Elena no means
naamam a peon year and now else career
services latina Holly needed a D obeah
la revolucion optic Legare obeah legaia
avec la revolucion risk appraisal Scylla
dossier be POTUS Selig a capo de la
revolucion
j'espere the pushin Revolution
officially gay
Beatriz Aurora was born in Chile under
the Pinochet regime she was sent to
prison for her left-wing views later she
left for Mexico where she joined the
Maya Indians in their struggle for the
rights to live on their own land so de
la muerte meaning
Zumaya can make occasional abrazo de la
muerte que es un para cito como el
sistema capital ISA yo Habra Sandow asta
cater minima Tondo loose supe del V del
arbol
venomous observed Yamazaki radical is
democratically
san cristobol the tourist capital of the
Mexican state of Chiapas in 1994 the
city was taken over by the rebelling
Maya Indians who called themselves the
Zapatistas
seamless Atticus the foundry
city de la violence revolutionary blood
to do with violence defensive a pile of
yours offensive Kuwait army because they
see let me will attack who the foundry
because le supremo a table over to
politic a table of votre nouvelle face
on the pants initial such a possibility
needed through the portent democracia
liberty' justicia essences principales
Zulema SLE malice one red canossian no
loss a loss Appetit 'as a las
comunidades
yes bossy onboard ADO's e necesita un
lugar donde vendor low doses Judi bueno
yo a invitar inventory lugar donde puede
venir todos los quadros que hago tienen
un sentido no Pinto poor pintar entonces
mucho muchacho es que cada vez que una
Vento's Zapatista importante y ou a guna
pin to repair a ocasion imposter profits
from the shop are used to support the
Zapatista movement I better make you go
gente boo ya a barricade kiddin no one
was aware
oh la tranquila Achilles gusta el
trabajo
come on let me show you my hotel
Sasori illusion where people so they we
are not solely can automatically return
it hola como SIL believe general sapiens
GDP economy he be careful mentorship the
authority for Martin de Porres estimate
from and aluminum plus we progress until
be conversant Divya dignity home before
I forgot so what is castles of you
before I go
especially favorable an expression virus
revolutionary Pascal Sofia puka web the
new revolutionary Malad cranky effective
participant about the metaphor you
prophetic Oh disco la santé Ducati
Revolution there it could have a huge
service capitalist so we're allowed to
own the LA on a sauce
yes keys Amon is a dancer she joined the
Turkish Communist Party when she was
barely 16
I wanted to study in European country I
was thinking Germany I need better
education better education about the
dance technique
our life going like him in the morning
we're going business we working till
evening this is for worker people's if
there's some bus pay pay your money
you're a worker I think all of people
are worker
so we working like a slave why I don't
want to live in like level high class
life why all the peoples dying from
hungry we have many things in this world
and this is enough for everyone and why
the some people's wants to take
everything all the power just for
themselves we are in 2017 and still be
talking about why people's hungry that's
horrible I think
Safiye at no pressure
Val Lewton town girl on xsplit girl I
will show who is local police city the
cream set a terrible set a who shows up
on table equal properly lesion MBA
Ta'ala desuka male writer D to D loop
when TV or divergent dr. bajjali did
showed Appa who etc the digital nation s
certain swami arabic read with no
certain forms some hot potato book with
the town a city guitar
a total is epic leader evolution there
at the bottom a lurid s we deliberated
everybody did a view of war young hope
the wrong to kill every disaster
catastrophe the best rule of war a
little girl I will shop where to trade
car threaten kill Sofia crack order tool
border city money depth field
in yes keys a man's view there can be no
limit to the fight for justice an
opinion that remained unchanged after
the young Turkish dancer moved to Berlin
I'm a fighter person not because of me
because I want to change many things in
this world and I know I'm not alone
about it
many people's like me wants to change I
feel all titles feel sympathy to
revolution but the Yogesh people's don't
care about it they they're looking
themself more unselfish just we have
just one life and we have to leave this
life very good but I feel responsibility
about after my life
I have been many times in protests while
the postman's was fighting with
activists I I was there many many times
and they beat me many many times and I
see my wife in front of my eyes in front
of my eyes because I think I guess I'm
dying now I try to stay strong in my my
insights yes like that hits me many
times without reason she would it be a
lot I will show merciful compactly fish
si si si be arrested a son named Nadal
is a tree fish over to rocks keep
supersonic situatio evolutional the
Mexican state of Chiapas 2017 Zapatista
hostilities against the government ended
more than 20 years ago
but in certain parts of the state he
might still be greeted by men in masks
the physicality fundamental destruction
política en esta lección de Chiapas SE
debe principalmente parle anunciar las
consecuencias de la Chrissy's capital
ista universes consecuencias es que el
gobierno Mexicano esta el ovando los
precios de la gasolina z-- y ESO para
nosotros constitu un golpe a la
economía de las familias
Mucha gente a Segura que son zapatistas
Tom Brokaw and ocv endo dinero cetera
pero la gente esta in for modest
artistas say which is he messiahs as the
Kings can gather the Lennon is only
broken no I hope I won't revolution are
very color t no no no see the alguno por
aqui I do know this their salaries or
esta Libre a Poisson random
even in a country as wealthy as Sweden a
true revolutionaries work never ends and
as always his most loyal comrade in arms
is his wife
we only approximate Anand robotics in
Iran they are totally alone the liquidus
a month
well first off that lhasa a.m. with
extra coroner soon
oh no God refers to delimit may only of
a Milazzo
had him there Alton works in assessing
infinities
Alton idea good idea
funnily enough removes all of the middle
row you miss cocktail slow biscuit bacon
honey so angry Iraq so good be
hard so we cannot film him scare even me
you're I'm also more sensors colossal oh
poor never this coterra an empty
inequalities left readings on the
focaccia status and stop yeah then they
can say ingredient maria spray that help
reset international and free here this
also what we are to do it and who spends
Jana
all Scarpa de Lucia Samoa Scotland
opinion foil rotten opinions complete in
all some of those are going to say that
the original party isn't complete
another official may not be in there
never knew the older sister so - hundun
Stilton divorce card and all the recent
release of the product the instruments
Chris or till a14
I love these these hats I'm going bald
so I usually wear something on my head
so I'm not so proud of my hairline
unfortunately I'm not a Lennon
impersonator
so at Ocean throw ski is a cartoonist
reporter and compositor for Gothenburg
newspaper the proletarian it's the
Swedish Communist party's main
mouthpiece well they're so communist as
a Marxist Leninist of course I believe
in the revolution and I don't think that
parliamentary democracy bourgeois
democracy alone can be the means of
creating a good society which benefits
all
attorney and that's in univille we are
born we have a family member bogna many
fulfil parabola many people here think
it's very for Kamata tolls you can
lessen camp move over to some capital
near cranial company to you so
imperialism
to match your name the scope of fucked
it up 250
by revolution it does not necessarily
mean storming the Winter Palace and
bayonets on and stabbing all the
bourgeoisie and capitalists death of
course not
revolution slim simply means that one
class takes over the power in society
from another socialism has not been
constructed in in Sweden although we've
had a very strong welfare state of
course that alone does not make
socialism the means of production have
always been in private hands in Sweden
for the Filioque we know to period
commit period the so very politics a way
to Tito be the per capita leesville la
cabeza la Papa gondola media that are in
aver a capitalist Co poly emitter for
disobey open a terrific team are like a
stone upon celebration acidosis AE since
Rivini
I want to come here for dance for
support
vamos starts with my dance because this
is my language the dance happening in
all life like a revelation revelation
like a dance for me my my protest is my
arts my protest is my dance protests
against once protests against to
capitalism protests against to what's
happening in this world not occur only
those are a Mientus yo con el la
creativi de con el pin cellular rebel
dia we know el much it a noise far
important la cabeza did not know s para
defender to see she knows attacker knows
was a defender a tenemos que mucho lead
us to a twist
tomorrow may OKC activists on six uh
mister and mean linguist Omega miss
mysteriously abandoned the event went
wrong on the way
meaning is the attacks on the secondo
lighter the bazooka was elevated here
here only mean Susan in Harvey not
niggaz in Rohtak only girl on Kaiser
disease the revival of the stars and
often lately other laymen meet a plane a
long period despacio the revolution dr.
Berlin in Indonesia comedies the Paschal
candle shows a Tuvalu Oshima hopple a
petition was a sign devotional there's a
variability to the leading from
continuing
you
