president putin has signed amendments to
a bill that will require some media
outlets to register as foreign agents in
russia it comes in response to similar
moves against RT america in the u.s. the
russian law is similar to the american
foreign agents Registration Act or fara
and requires the outlets to disclose the
details about their activity and
financial information and this is all in
response to the United States enacting
their law against RT America who was
forced to register as a foreign agent in
the United States just last week after
months of pressure from Washington now
our Channel was accused of serving as a
tool of alleged Russian influence during
the 2016 presidential race however no
evidence of that has been provided under
the new law in Russia any media outlet
funded by a foreign state operating here
may be designated a foreign agent by the
Justice Ministry and they will have to
put a disclaimer on all this
publications including online that it
comes indeed from a foreign agent say
they refuse to that their activity in
Russia will be stopped now earlier
Russia's Ministry of Justice warns u.s.
funded outlets The Voice of America and
Radio Liberty of the possibility of them
having to register as foreign agents
here in Russia
