meanwhile US regulators say there plans
to revoke so-called net neutrality rules
have widespread public backing the move
could lead to a two-speed internet where
some sites pay to get their traffic
prioritized over others although it does
seem of all the public feedback was
actually genuine seeing this is pretty
annoying and if net neutrality is rolled
back in the US people will be seeing a
lot more of it here's how it works at
the moment internet providers have to
treat all online traffic equally that
means that they can't block or slow
anything down but authorities want that
to end they think the private sector
will invest trillions of dollars into
web services if their plan goes ahead
they even asked the country what it
thought of the move urging people to
submit comments and 22 million replied
the majority in favor of repealing net
neutrality problem is some users started
to complain that they didn't write the
comments then a probe by the New York
Attorney General revealed some feedback
to the FCC plan was actually fake
hundreds of thousands of Americans were
likely impersonated to drown out the
views of real people and businesses this
was akin to identity theft on a massive
scale
but the scale might be even bigger than
that one data scientist claims he's
found at least one point three million
fake Pro repeal comments he noticed
repetitive language looking as if it was
generated by a computer program
meanwhile the National tracking poll
shows of the majority of Americans
actually support net neutrality as to
who is definitely against it the telecom
corporations who stand to earn huge
profits by charging more for faster
connections and by the way the current
head of the FCC used to work for her the
biggest telecom operators in the u.s.
well as for who might be behind the
feedback pushing for net neutrality to
be scrapped a few media were quick to
point the finger at Russian hackers the
notion that Russia may have rigged yet
another debate over a topic does it
begin to sound a little repetitive to
you as often happens over here now in
the United States is when one gets close
to the heart of the issue
fake issues emerge and this fake issue
of bots possibly connected to the
Russian Federation I think is it fake
issue as you rightly point out it is
very difficult to actually pinpoint
where these bots may have arisen after
all they are indeed called BOTS and it's
certainly possible that people over here
could you know a trip could create a bot
and falsely attribute it plant it in a
way to make it seem as if it's right
