an experiment simulating a 17-day
mission to the moon has just finished in
Russia six participants spent their time
isolated and confined to a mock
spacecraft before the duration the
project's named serious and it's been
supported and part funded by NASA
with the first stage of these
experiments complete now they'll be
extended over the coming years in 2018
the project will see participants spend
about four months in a simulated space
environment then in 2019 the isolation
will last for eight months the final
stage is planned to start in 2020 and
that will last for about a year and it
could pave the way for anyone to travel
into space in the not-too-distant future
soon normal citizens will be able to
spend time in space it's gonna be
something that not just astronauts and
not just highly trained personnel can go
to so it's very important that we take
normal citizens or normal scientists
that don't have astronaut backgrounds we
see how they're gonna work out in these
environments there are a lot of
qualities that people generally have
that could be used very efficiently in
space exploration so I think that it's a
good thing to have these sorts of
programs of space collaboration and
exploration that do not require people
to go through this kind of formal NASA
or Russian you know astronaut and
cosmonaut training ego Coffman who's
from NASA's human research program here
in Russia told us that cooperation
between the United States and Russia
brings a wealth of experience to both
sides so nASA has a long-standing
collaboration in the research arena
biomedical research with Russian space
industry particularly with ibmp
Institute for biomedical problems in
Russia we have been doing that for years
we bring a great deal of experience both
sides have a lot of experience and in
this area both sides have been
conducting this type of research ground
studies as well as spaceflight studies
up on the ISS International Space
Station for many years so it was only
natural for us to join forces and while
we take basically leverage each
there's abilities and it's only it only
makes sense to increase her efficiency
in joining our forces and going further
together
