tech giants in the US are reportedly on
board with helping to widen the
surveillance net for the country's
immigration authorities who is said to
be planning even tighter vetting of visa
applicants social media accounts our
details of that emerged after a tech
conference where government officials
said that they're searching for
algorithms which could help them assess
potential dangers here's kind of mopin
the information revolution and the boom
of social media have put the world at
our fingertips but they've also created
some very convenient tools for the
government so is the IT sector still
what the users want US Immigration and
Customs Enforcement has asked tech
companies Microsoft included to help
them screen the social media of people
holding or applying for American visas
in order to make that happen the
government is asking them to develop
special algorithms we have millions and
millions and millions of people coming
every year and subsequently departing so
we have to be smart about it and I'm
sure there are tools out there that can
help from Microsoft this won't be the
first experience they've had working
with US authorities last month Microsoft
released a program called as your
government a cloud service of classified
information customers with secret
requirements can expect to gain access
to new technologies at scale including
services such as cognitive capabilities
artificial intelligence and predictive
analytics Amazon will also be helping to
stock the government's toolbox last week
they released a cloud computing region
that will be helping the CIA and other
intelligence agencies the AWS secret
region is the key component of the Intel
community's multi fabric cloud strategy
u.s. senator Mitch McConnell has
blatantly stated that the IT sector
should be working to serve u.s. foreign
policy goals and of course he mentioned
the Russians we ought to do with regard
to the Russians is retaliate seriously
retaliate against the Russians and the
these tech firms could be helpful in
having us given us a way to to do that a
tech sector is private it's supposed to
only serve its users and its
shareholders but recently more and more
it's starting to look like Silicon
Valley is a
wing of the US government caleb Maupin
RT new york well on the back of that the
u.s. journalist derrick bros warns the
people should be careful with their
private information online when it comes
to using the services of those tech
giant's it's worth noting and
understanding that when you search and
you use google when you use social media
tools like facebook and these other
softwares and these other types of apps
that they often are very forthcoming
with your information they are willing
to give your information over to the US
government without much of a fight some
of them do put up a fight occasionally
but for the most part they work with
them very regularly and that's something
you should take into consideration and
perhaps pursue alternatives google is
not the only search engine that exists
there's better alternatives there's
better alternatives to Facebook there's
better alternatives to all these
different companies and at some point
the people should say if you want to
support the US government's surveillance
and the US government's push towards a
police state then I'm not going to buy
your product anymore I'm not going to
use your product anymore
it really will and could be problematic
especially with the social media
monitoring of immigrants and really the
social media monitoring of all Americans
and in foreigners and people abroad it
has implications beyond you know just
whether or not the US and these private
industries are working together they're
definitely working together whether it's
for profit or for something more
nefarious we don't know at this point
but I would say this is something more
people should be paying attention to
there's always been private industry
working for governments that's kind of a
standard practice but I do think that
what we're seeing is this relationship
between big business corporate America
and the US government it's getting
further and further and meshed until
they're becoming just one single entity
