protesters in Paris and Rome are blaming
EU policies for the emergence of
modern-day slavery and human trafficking
coming from Libya Yemen trafficking was
part of the discussion when the French
president met with the leaders of Guinea
and the African Union on Wednesday and
despite the warm welcome
they were clearly at odds over who's
responsible for the humanitarian crisis
odel added what has been revealed beyond
everything we have said and know about
the situation in Libya definitely falls
into the category of trafficking of
human beings it is a crime against
humanity to France denunciation has been
immediate it is indisputable the
European Union cannot choose a
developing country and ask that country
to detain refugees when it doesn't even
have the means to do so
the refugees are in terrible conditions
so our European friends were not right
to ask Libya to keep the migrants the
European Union is responsible of France
blames the current UN backed Libyan
government for its handling of the human
trafficking problem next Jacqueline
booga looks at the current blame game
and how it all started some of the
harshest condemnation thrown at Libya
over the appalling treatment of African
migrants is coming from France it is
called an emergency meeting of the UN
Security Council and has gone as far as
to threaten Libya with sanctions Libyan
authorities have decided to open an
investigation into the facts we wanted
to go fast and if the Libyan justice
system cannot carry this procedure
through then we should open
international sanctions those threats
are being leveled against the very
government that the UN endorsed and
helped form after the fall of Gaddafi
let's rewind back to 2011
geez let me Jake Western leaders said
Libya was on course to democracy yet it
turned out to be a rather gruesome
process here's what came next this video
purportedly shows Libyan rebels
torturing groups of black Africans
they've been locked in cages with their
hands tied behind their backs and many
of them appear to have the old Libyan
flag stuffed in their mouths
these men were said to have been
targeted by rebels after rumors emerged
that Gaddafi had hired black mercenaries
the National Transitional Council seems
to confuse black people with mercenaries
all black people and mercenaries for
them they're killing people ordinary
workers mistreating them so a huge
section of the population was being
singled out and mistreated or even
killed and yet human rights groups noted
at the time that the plight of those
very migrants was being all but ignored
unlike today beauty with electric even
your boot or their children to socialize
shop or jet they beat me with electric
cable while my hands were cuffed behind
my back and my feet were bound together
Africa suffered massively from slavery
from about 1450 to 1850 400 years
between 13 18 million people will
forcibly left the continent they were
stolen from Africa and now to see
slavery again inside Africa is
absolutely disgusting and abhorrent and
the efforts by some of the European
countries now to say they want to do
something about it they have to
recognize that they were part of the
cause of the problem itself there
certainly would not be the kind of slave
trade going on in Libya today if Qaddafi
had not been assassinated and the
country had not been thrown into chaos
by regime change the human rights abuse
is stirring the world's outrage today
bear a stark resemblance to what was
happening in Libya six years ago when
Western leaders focus was hailing
Gaddafi's demise and urging the country
to pursue democracy
