the President of the European Council
has implied after a meeting with the
bloc's Eastern European neighbors that
the EU is not opposed to Russia despite
that though Donald Tusk did have some
harsh criticism for Moscow what Polly
Boyko joins us now with more on this
story good evening Polly and so tell us
then more about what tusk said well look
this summit is all about Eastern Europe
so they're talking about things like
security shared challenges and it's not
only attended by EU states pretty much
everyone bordering Russia was invited so
countries like Ukraine and Georgia were
there as well and not many of them have
many good things to say about Russia
certainly today the forum was heavily
focused on the issue of Russia and some
of the strongest criticism came from the
EU Council President Donald Tusk take a
listen one of the biggest problems today
is a real threat when it comes to
cyberattacks fake news for example
speech from tourism a in London about
hostile activities during the British
referendum for example so Donald Tusk
referring there to that foreign policy
speech that Teresa may gave last week
where she tore into Moscow she accused
the Kremlin of attempting to undermine
Western democratic values through
election interference and planting fake
news stories but and this is a pretty
important but especially for Donald Tusk
she clarified later on in the week that
those sort of Russian misdeeds that she
referred to weren't specifically in
relation to the UK take a listen
they look at the speech I gave on Monday
they will see that the examples I gave
of Russian interference were not in the
United Kingdom well Donald Tusk clearly
didn't get that particular memo from
London and this looks now like a case of
sort of classic Chinese whispers really
where the facts don't really matter
because it fits an overarching narrative
and that is of Russia as a threat to the
whole of Europe it's a narrative that
perhaps rather conveniently unifies the
EU and the UK at a time when they have
little else in common and Teresa may had
more to say about Russia at the summit
today take a listen we must be open eyed
about the actions of hostile states like
Russia who threaten the potential growth
of Eastern neighborhood and who try to
tear our connective Strength's apart and
I'm looking forward today to renewed
commitment from European countries to
working together to tackle these shared
challenges in both security and
development and despite the fact that
the UK is actively negotiating its way
out of the European Union right now at
this summit this EU summit today
the UK's pledged to spend a hundred
million pounds on countering what it
calls Russian disinformation in Eastern
Europe there's a further 50 million
pounds from London going towards reform
and security in Eastern Europe as well
and talk of Russia really appears quite
fruitful from a domestic perspective
here in the UK it's kind of managed to
draw the fire away from extensive media
coverage of Ministers inappropriate
behavior scandals to do with that and
constant talk of how fragile to reason
most government is okay thanks Polly
that was the artis polypoid Co for us
well before we get more comment well
actually no let's do that let's talk
with our next guest now wind grant about
what was just said there and about
resumes comments when grant is professor
of politics of Warwick universities with
this now good even to win what are your
thoughts then on this string of
anti-russian rhetoric by Theresa May
that we've seen over the last few days
and again today well clearly she's been
using very strong terminology and of
course that does play well domestically
but it's also quite useful in the
context of negotiations of the European
Union because the United Kingdom thinks
the security card is a strong one for it
to play in those negotiations and
particularly to win support from
countries in Eastern Europe
well I'm what did you make of Donald
Tusk - because the both of them seem to
be acting in tandem today but I don't
know if you caught the comments from
tusk he didn't seem that convincing when
he was pushed on on evidence
particularly relating to Britain and
brexit no well there seem to be some
confusion between the terms about what
they are actually saying and certainly
he didn't seem to have very much in the
way of the evidence for particular
statements he was trying to make but of
course the back cost always are these
very different with negotiations on
brexit between the United Kingdom and
the European Union why do you think tusk
would also join in here though at this
moment well I think it's an issue that
is perhaps our particular personal
concern to him
given his background and I suppose he he
wants in some ways to reach out to the
United Kingdom
yeah I think for his point of view you
would want to see these negotiations to
be successful and therefore talking
about these security issues is one way
of offering some kind of reassurance to
the UK but you surprises the type of
language that Teresa may used I mean
calling Russia a hostile state saying
it's trying to tear our collective sort
of States apart in Europe
I mean she's not mincing her words there
but again she uses this sort of language
and doesn't back it up the specifics
well I was quite surprised at the
language I mean I think to talk about
Russia as a hostile state is very strong
language indeed because one would hope
you know for have a constructive
relationship between the UK the European
Union and Russia and I didn't think that
sort of terminology helps the
development and such a constructive
relationship and so in fact because it
obviously goes in the opposite direction
sure I was just wondering mean what sort
of reaction would we have if it was the
opposite of Russia made that sort of
comment about Britain but I think
there'd be a very strong reaction
domestically and because they'll then be
produced as further evidence of Russian
intentions if that have been the case
but because I mean what mrs. Meyers had
to say in relation to Russia although
it's very strongly worded is rather
vague in terms of specifics and do you
think people will push her to sort of
present evidence now it just seems to me
win that many people are able to make
this sort of comment because it's sort
of accepted knowledge that Russia was
somehow involved without actually people
pushing to say okay well what's the
evidence and what can we draw from it I
think one of the problems is the people
often don't push the evidence they just
accept these statements at face value
and they don't actually look to see what
lies behind them in terms of any kind of
evidence or supporting argument they're
just accepted because some people have a
particular lens of looking at these
issues and that lens is one that is
distorted in terms of the perception of
Russia sure okay we look nice to talk so
you will have to leave it there for now
that was wind grant professor of
politics at Warwick University thank you
