breaking news from Egypt where the death
toll from an attack on a mosque in the
North Sinai province has risen now to
184 those figures according to Egyptian
state media while cairo-based journalist
jacob birch after joins me live now with
the details on this Jacob this will be
one of the deadliest attacks of 2017 if
the figures are verified we're just
hearing 184 is the latest what else were
you learning about what occurred there
the casualty numbers are of course
influx this is the most devastating
attack on the civilian facility in Egypt
probably in decades we are still waiting
for final numbers here from the Ministry
of Health and from security sources and
this attack is really when we're talking
about it happening in North Sinai that's
true but it's the part of North Sinai
that's halfway between the border
crossing with Gaza @lr at Rafah and the
Suez Canal in Cairo so this this this
wave of terrorism is getting closer to
Cairo if we think about last month's
attack on the Oasis here in the province
I mean in Giza problem province there
was an attack just a month ago about 50
kilometers away from where I am right
now bringing us right up to date on what
is occurring there as you say a state of
flux in terms of casualty numbers
cairo-based journalist jacob wertshafter
thank you for that
