welcome one and all to the Stan
Collymore Show we're now now the 32
teams who have qualified for the FIFA
World Cup in Russia next year we
followed the boys in green that's the
Republic of Ireland and they play
Denmark recently a two-game head-to-head
one in Copenhagen one in Dublin with the
prize of a last-minute ticket to the
greatest show on earth
it's a huge few days of a Irish sport
over my shoulder island play against
South Africa in the autumn rugby
internationals that's the egg-shaped
ball Denmark play against the Republic
of Ireland in Copenhagen in the first
game of the playoff
before coming back here next Tuesday to
play what could be the biggest game in
Irish football history for a number of
years here
how much are they like this one gives a
ten-year-old one a dry one let's have a
look 10 euros there's 20 they keep the
change no you won't be keeping the
bloody change thank you very much good
this isn't very stereotypical at all is
it can I get a point and a half of your
finest Guinness please
our planning Copenhagen Denmark Neal
Island Neil the Irish rogue they look
with much of the first half but
crucially they are still very much in
their time the Guinness is flowing from
one Island
Gnomeo in copenhagen between Denmark and
either which means the tight is very
much alive they come back to Dublin next
Tuesday with that precious place the
World Cup finals in Russia up for grabs
we will be there in the meantime another
cheeky point it's larger
as you can see the Irish team are going
through their paces for one last time
before a huge game against the Danes can
Ireland get to the FIFA World Cup or
will it be the Danish celebrating
tomorrow night
come on
taking you into the inner sanctum of the
fangame the Danish changing rooms in
here let's see if they're confident
ahead of not just this game but the big
game tonight lads the day's ready all in
there singing songs they're doing
stretching and we haven't got a full
team what's going on typical Irish day
unless there was some ale involved so
we're here at Ringsend look at these
fine bodies have met the Danes and the
Irish it's up the fans game before the
big game
Ireland against Denmark over at the
Aviva Stadium it's very traditional for
fans groups around the world to connect
to play against each other in the spirit
of friendship expect to see this across
Russia next year with all the 32 nations
except 1 of this group isn't going to be
here all the very best enjoy the game
within get up get up get up
typical absolutely typical kill ban
turns open doom-and-gloom honest to god
we haven't been brilliant through this
group yet we're still in this position
here and given what's happened
throughout the course this group and
given the position we're in now I think
what any support would have taken it I
don't see too much from Denmark that's
actually gonna worry me too much but
this these Knights are very very special
this is everything now tonight is
everything it's gonna if we don't
qualify tonight we've got now a year
without any competitive games the edge
has gone from up from Irish football
will be will be forgotten about tomorrow
maybe even next week it'll be totally
forgotten about this game when the World
Cup comes around we're not the it's a
shame but we're not even we're not even
in people's mindset
and now it's time the FIFA World Cup in
Russia awaits Island or Denmark it's
much time
I thought it would be a little bit more
close but it seems to after we score 2 1
1 and then quickly Scott 2 2 1 from a
great counter-attack they have to come
in the front foot and we knew there'd be
lots of gaps lots of spaces and we could
explore fast players against their
he'll be back for which was getting them
out to run and as you saw in the ended
we founded and finally what does it mean
for Danish football to be back at World
Cup Finals tournament in before.i
amazing mate to be honest we have a
great team young and I think we have a
lot to say at the World Cup so they
might deserve to be round you going to
Russia bad way to English I see
congratulations
Casper you've done the miracle with
Leicester City how do you feel quite
fine for the World Cup with your nation
he's amazing
Christian oh not me perhaps in EE the
sensation is a little player honestly
what a guy what a player he's diving
he's bobbing top five in the world a
horse and he's been so good to us
pollution stations
huge congratulations he's taken your
side to the World Cup how do you feel
that's good students will ease our way
another service Thailand we got Canaries
in the game and that's the difference oh
geez oh ma please performance a
hat-trick in air and a pressurized
environment world-class performing that
is the world class player and you need
little more space than the cooking part
can we get any player
so you're looking forward to taking this
trip to Moscow and Petersburg kissa give
us a song
so as qualification for next year's
tournament has come to a close
let's take a look at the nations that
will be competing in Russia next year
starting in Africa Nigeria with the
first African side to qualify alongside
Tunisia Morocco and cider marnai Senegal
nor finished top of their groups
I remember when Elton I cannot always
something run from school to to watch
the game because was big teens and I
think where everything started for me
and my dream it was to play for my
national team and today I'm playing I'm
very happy Egypt also sealed their spot
after a dramatic win against Congo this
will be their first appearance in the
tournament for 28 years crossing the Red
Sea to the Middle East Saudi Arabia will
be there could see a finishing
runners-up in their group Iran sealed
qualification after a very impressive
qualifying campaign playing 18 games
losing 0
Manas how old are you don't need polish
Makwana can be unbearable Timothy 3 and
John Johnny elusive as Mohammed Khan
washing machine as did an about 30
million
unfortunately Syria didn't make it an
inevitable battle you mostly living with
obesity below zero for sabe oh we're
years away
that is Nikhil in the kannada natha
sorry Elijah a mentor from Sri Lanka Sri
Sri
doesn't hide after dispatching Syria
Australia's Socceroos went on to qualify
after winning an Intercontinental
play-off against
Duras Japan also qualified as group
winners South Korea are the only team
outside of Europe and South America to
have qualified for every single World
Cup tournament since Mexico 1996 how
much did the 2002 success of the Korean
team I mean you're obviously very young
then I was young I was watching the game
and it was crazy beating Italy getting
to the semi-finals how much did it
impact you as a person as a footballer
great to see 2,000 Korean play World Cup
two semifinals is unbelievable
experience for for us you know
yeah have a good history but we want to
make the history you know it's we have
we try it's difficult on over and we
have to keep in thinking positive and
know what's happened now heading back
West to the European Giants Germany the
reigning champions Confederations Cup
winners and top-ranked team in the world
will be many people's favorites in
Russia next year they scored an
incredible four to three goals in
qualification speaking of goals Poland
also sealed their route to Russia with
robert levin dosti scored a record 16
goals in their campaign Belgium England
Spain France Portugal and Serbia also
qualified all finishing top of their
qualifying groups the other European
team to win their group is the smallest
ever nation to qualify we followed them
across 300,000 strong it's Iceland
the u.s. made it to the World Cup now
sighs it's incredible to be from a small
nation based on naturally Mediterranean
Scandinavia we come to Sweden
they beat Italy 1 mil over a two-legged
play-off this is the first tournament
the four-time winners will miss in over
60 years Croatia and Switzerland sealed
the remaining spots by the playoffs now
we head to Central and South America a
team to look out for is Costa Rica after
they reach the quarter-finals in Brazil
2014 the only team to have qualified for
every world cup tournament but as Zeile
will of course be in Russia are you
looking forward to their World Cup in
Russia oh yes I think could be very
important for us I wish I stay in house
to just see this hookup and if you got
no listen to what they wanna say at the
list of Brazil - okay Colombia Peru and
Mexico also still bare spots in the
tournament Central America provides the
second team to debut in Russia next year
Panama have qualified for their first
ever World Cup by famously knocking out
the USA Argentina will be there thanks
to their safety lean on Messi scored a
hat-trick against Ecuador and lino
Paraguay as he can come on Uruguay the
team a won the first-ever World Cup in
1930 will again be in the tournament
thank you so much I'm sad out to
everybody in Liverpool I miss you okay
and finally Russia automatically
qualified as hosts the World Cup draw
takes place next Friday in Moscow at the
Kremlin where we're going to be taking
an in-depth look at the draw and how it
works on the 14th of June 2017 71 people
lost their lives in the Grenfell fire
tragedy as a response the local
community all came together including
Queens Park Rangers the local football
club Tony Fernandes the owner got
together celebrities ex-football as
footballers Jose Jose Mourinho played
even I put on a football shirt to raise
awareness to give a little bit of love
to the community and to raise precious
funds to support these people
delighted to be joined by somebody
lovely well less furred and unless an
incredible day you've got it here game
for Grenfell why do QPR want to get
involved and talk to us about your
personal involvement I think you I
wanted to get involved we're a mile away
from from the rental towers the guys
here have done an incredible job Stannis
something like this normally takes you
know nine months of planning we've done
it in six weeks and you know the stadium
will be packed today and you know for me
it's not celebrity football match and
I'm grateful for you guys coming down
but it's about coming down and being
part of this community and all the
people that come here today coming into
the community where stone's throw away
from from Grandville talk is cheap we've
done it today we brought them words are
easy I like action and I think they feel
it today I'm just gonna walk over there
later and say hello to all of them I
want to know they must know that the
people are prepared to come together
raise money in order to help them
rebuild their lives
I'm here today to support Graham Phil
for all the people you know who got hurt
and it's a great cause as a community to
come together and see what we can and
I'm excited to be here as part of it and
we're here to support and to encourage
them and see what we can do as race as
much money as we can and I'm excited to
be a part of it really elvis leads this
sad situation will happen but what can
we do how can we move forward what can
we do for other people that's the
question it's amazing how many people
turned up again I think sort of
transcends a community into into a
national event here and you know if we
can bring something positive to it it
shows that we care it's a chance for us
to show that with you that we care and
it's also a chance for us to to raise up
a few quid to help them you know they
need it you know when you look at that
tower they need everything in there
looking yet having spoken to some of the
survivors and the victims the one thing
they don't believe is that people care
but what I said to them is everybody
that comes here today and shine you that
they care and they want to and this is
not the end here Stan we want to go
forward and help going forward us be
your presence in the community and I'm
going to do all I can to help
while I'm local really I live like about
two streets away from here and then I go
past the tower every day because I'm a
Smith the city line goes right
underneath you know I wasn't here when
the fire happened but I've lived around
this area you know at various times in
your life so you feel part of it you
know it means so even though my football
playing skills I've just been telling
Peter are very negligible I was very I
was very honored to be asked and I will
do my best
I was never gonna miss out today officer
obviously started at QPR and I grew up
in Ealing just down the road so I've got
a lot of friends and family obviously a
coupie our fans and come to the game so
I was never gonna miss out though they
used to get us mixed up sometimes back
in the day Liverpool so do you want to
go up front and I'll going goal today
yeah it was only when shots were going
in and I wasn't saving my feel the urine
go yeah
running kit off today number eight for
QPR on today not quite an Arsenal kit
you might get there if you same bolt
he's gonna play for Man United someday
this might be a trial for the Arsenal
will series he obviously ain't get it
football
before he goes out there I'm not the
great at football but we try my best
today and see what I can do this shows
the strength of football as a as you say
as a driver because it brings all
different areas of life together again
these are sort of the performing arts
but the the firemen who were involved in
the the unfortunate events are going to
be here survivors as well so and and
volunteers I mean it is a good massive
community effort it's very good to keep
put the thing on for us and hopefully
it'll be an entertaining game hopefully
be one thing that you're in goal ago
fell deeply the tragedy and if I can
give a little bit to the people that
left us
that's Akash you don't enjoy the day
enjoy the day and I always lose on
penalties so that's nothing new for me
it was important to me that we didn't
forget and for the survivors over there
I want to make sure they had a family
here we're community and after tragedy
people forget after a while and all to
make sure they knew they had a family I
put a few smiles in their face and to
know that we care
so in summary it's been an absolutely
fantastic day I got on the pitch cheap
and with a torn hamstring it was great
to see former teammates like Paul Mercer
and Les Ferdinand Jamie Redknapp and
David James
Jozo Mourinho was the pantomime villain
in goal and a full house gave all of
their support to the people of Grenfell
Kazan is the first city in World Cup
history with a predominantly Muslim
population its language its culture and
sporting heritage are truly unique in
Russia the stadium is pretty cool too
offering a lot more than seats and
stands for fans
alexia Rajesh kee takes us on a tour
what are you imagine when you think of a
football ground obviously the pitch the
game itself the fans the atmosphere the
chance but this World Cup venue offers a
lot more than that
the Kazan arena is like a city within a
city
at the Kazan arena not only you can
watch the sport you can also embrace it
a designated CrossFit Center is only a
minute walk from the pitch side
well not really but this is called the
Cosmodrome this is just one of many
activities that the little ones can have
at the stadium and this is a real school
when they can learn how to become a
cosmonaut
and while mom and dad are watching the
game of football their little ones can
even learn how to play music instruments
and if you have a little more money to
spend then on matchday ticket you can
even leave the stadium on a brand new
chopper of a famous American brand this
store is built into the stadium
enough that you're done with the fitness
exercise bought a motorcycle or learned
something new you can chill at this
spacious hotel room which is not your
average hotel suite it's a VIP stand at
the stadium
that's alot on the Stan Collymore show
this week don't forget to join us next
week for more fantastic stories from
around the football world Paulie come on
