Muslim girls who wear a hijab in
England's primary schools are to be
asked why they're wearing the religious
head scarves it's led to an angry
reaction from parents to describe the
education watchdogs move as wrong and
dangerous for some of the pupils
themselves it's a question of choice
self-confidence I am a 10 year old
British for Muslim girl who chose to
wear the hijab I know that when you look
at me you instantly assume that my
parents forced me to either her job but
you could not be more wrong you are
doing offset is ruining my confidence
and self-esteem as the younger and the
confidence of many other little girls
school inspectors say the moves about
monitoring whether wearing a hijab might
be interpreted as the sexual ization of
young girls and warns that parents
should speak out if they're concerned
about fundamentalist groups influencing
school policy a barrister and Islamic
human rights campaigner that we spoke to
say these children's clothes are not the
government's business this is something
that should be a free choice between the
parents and the children and it should
be something personal and it's not for
the state to intervene in such an issue
well it's not necessarily them being
made to wear it sometimes it's many
girls choices I have young girls in my
family who chose to wear the headscarf
at the age of 8 or 9 I personally see
this this is another reason for for
institutional Islamophobia where we're
really as as a Muslim community first we
heard about Trojan horse now we're
hearing about Muslim young women being
targeted when is this going to stop when
are we just going to be accepted as
being British as being part of this
society being allowed the freedom to
practice our faith as long as we're not
harming other other individuals
