the un under-secretary-general for
Humanitarian Affairs Samar LOCOG is in
Moscow right now to discuss the world's
biggest humanitarian issues with Russian
officials and Samar joins us live now
that's a busy trip for you thank you
very much for coming on and spending the
time talking to us a couple of key
points we want to try and get your
opinion on here the the saudi-led
coalition maintaining its blockade of
Yemen despite calls for life-saving aid
to prevent famine the spread of cholera
now the Saudis say they've partially
lifted that blockade humanitarian groups
say it's not enough
what can the UN do to help the suffering
of the many Yemenis there well of course
this blockade was put into place because
of the missile attack on Riyadh but the
effects of the blockade has been to make
it much more difficult to run the aid
operation we are hopeful that the
blockade will start to be lifted
tomorrow with eight flights in again to
Sanaa then at the moment we're feeding
seven million people every month through
the UN and our partners in Yemen we are
providing water services for 4 million
people and we are we made very good
progress through the World Health
Organization the UN Children's Fund the
Red Cross and others in bringing this
terrible cholera epidemic under control
but the point is until the food and the
fuel and the medicines get back in there
we won't be able to sustain those
operations in the way we have been doing
how difficult is it to get that aid in
because the bombing campaign has been
intense there's been large-scale
destruction and many deaths there well
we have been very successful
notwithstanding the conflict in getting
food and medicines and other essential
supplies in but the problem we've been
facing for some time now but especially
since the blockade was put in place in a
much tighter way on the 6th of November
has been the closing down of the airport
in Sanaa and the main port through which
we reach the bulk of the people who are
just a step away from starvation who
dator on the red sea so we need those
we need those facilities open again
otherwise we will run out of supplies
and we won't be able to do the
life-saving work we have been doing but
as I say I am hopeful that as from
tomorrow we will start to see progress
on that how difficult has it been to try
and get the Saudis to help open those
humanitarian corridors well we've had
lots of discussions with them I you know
I think we understand why they took the
decision they took after the missile
attack on Riyadh but I think they also
recognized that it's in their own
interests for this humanitarian
situation in Yemen to be kept under
control and we have had you know
sensible pragmatic discussions about
that we are expecting to send two
missions to Saudi Arabia to look at the
detailed arrangements for getting aid in
more successfully once we get the
operation up and running again in the
way it needs to be both in two scenario
portend into who day to port and Salif
pause okay what about when it comes to
Syria millions there of course in
desperate need of humanitarian aid
they've endured more than six years of
conflict from just about all quarters
really can the UN work independently on
getting humanitarian aid into that part
of the world or do you need the likes of
the US and Russia to help make that
happen well the first thing I want to
say about the situation in Syria right
now is I'm very very concerned about the
fate of 400,000 people in eastern guter
outside Damascus we're getting very
worrying reports of high levels of
malnutrition I was pleased to be able to
discuss with my Russian hosts here over
the last 24 hours
the scope for us to collaborate maybe in
getting several hundred people who
medical evacuation out of eastern Goethe
so they can get life-saving treatment
and the scope for getting more convoys
have urgently needed food and medicines
into eastern Goethe and what I would say
is I've been encouraged by the the the
messages that came out of Sachi the the
emphasis placed on humanitarian
assistance that for me is very important
and we've had constructive discussions
which now need to be turned into real
progress on the ground about how we get
more aid into the people whose lives are
still right on the line hmm and how does
that happen because as you mentioned
it's Sachi there was that turning point
it feels like Isis is all but routed
from there the conflict is not over
though but things seem to be moving in
the right direction those people in
Syria though need action now who is
actually on the front line getting that
aid in well the UN working with the Red
Cross and Red Crescent are currently
reaching 7 million people every month
across the whole of Syria with
life-saving assistance the problem we
have is that there are parts of the
country we can't get to and that's that
is my top priority at the moment
especially in eastern guter it's not
easy and certainly not safe terrain
separately according to UN reports
children and the age of the 15 in Syria
sometimes even younger have been engaged
in combat there is there anything that
the UN can do in order to try and
prevent child soldiers becoming a key
part of this war that's still ongoing
well you know my colleague the Secretary
General Special Representative produced
a very important report on this subject
just a month or so ago and everyone
everywhere needs to take their
responsibilities under
international humanitarian law seriously
and that includes not enlisting or
forcing children to be party to these
terrible conflicts the governor Court
compiles a huge number of reports on
humanitarian catastrophes especially
when it comes to Africa we report on
them lots here on our team but what are
the main obstacles that you face in
trying to solve these problems or at
least trying to ease suffering in the
worst trouble spots well what I would
say to you and your viewers is that
every year the global humanitarian
system the UN the Red Cross and the NGOs
reaches tens of millions of people in
need of life-saving assistance and we
unquestionably save millions of life so
it's an effective system that the world
has to reduce this suffering but the
main problems we have typically arise
from either conflict and how the
belligerents in conflicts behave - which
has the effect of reducing the
assistance we can provide people or
making it hard for us to put - to
protect people or the growing thing
we're seeing about the impact of natural
disasters some of which pretty clearly
have their origin in in climate change
so those two things conflict and natural
disasters are the main under underlying
causes of the problems we're trying to
tackle but we have a system that is
effective in reducing suffering and
saving lives of course you've got the
public sympathy there and we wish you
all the best with it I know you've got
lots of people to have to talk to on
your trip here but for now those samaa
glo-coat un under-secretary-general for
Humanitarian a thank you very much for
joining us on Rt
