the Israeli Prime Minister's opened up
about the country's covert operations
with a number of Arab nations and said
Tel Aviv is looking to expand its work
effective cooperation with Arab
countries is usually covered I believe
that this relations will continue to
develop and I believe that they will
bear fruit for the expansion of the
peace orbits however some of that
cooperation doesn't seem that covert at
all in a perhaps symbolic public display
to Saudi officials have been seen
visiting a synagogue in Paris with the
media calling it a nod to Israel it
comes after the Israeli Defense Forces
chief said they were ready to share
intelligence on Iran with Saudi Arabia
Jacqueline Bergen X explains why Tel
Aviv and Riyadh might be willing to
overlook their differences Israel has
been a thorn in the side of a number of
middle eastern states for what feels
like forever singled out and attacked it
was just a fact of life we are freezing
all the forms and levels of
communication between the Israeli enemy
and any Arab countries Israel is going
ahead with its crimes against the Arab
people of Palestine and Lebanon taking
advantage of the silence of countries
worldwide the world is witnessing the
reality and the nature of the Israeli
occupation the cruelty and barbarism of
this racist regime committing war crimes
and crimes against humanity just a few
years ago the idea of saudi arabia in
israel getting into bed together would
have been shocking to say the least but
now they look to be on the same page all
the times they are a-changin and
whispers of growing ties between Israel
and the Arab world are getting louder we
respect the other side's wish when ties
are developing whether it's with Saudi
Arabia or with other Arab countries we
are willing to exchange information with
moderate Arab countries including
intelligence information there are many
common interests between us a
high-ranking Israeli military official
has even been quoted as saying that he
agreed with every word his Saudi
counterpart said at a conference in DC
adding he felt like they could have been
his own words being read by the Saudi
chief now there is a clear reason for
this shift remember the old adage of the
enemy of my enemy is my friend
this is a wake-up call for everyone when
Israelis and Arabs and it's all the
Arabs and these were and I want to agree
on one thing people should pay attention
we should stop this Iranian takeover so
the motivating factor for these unlikely
bedfellows is Iran and the fear of
Terrans growing influence in the region
is so strong that it has even elbowed
aside the question of Palestine it's
quite obvious that the Saudis will
consider today that the major threat in
the area is the Iranian and that's why
they were looking for any allies in the
in the area also to be against Iran in
India for this matter definitely that
was absolutely Israel which were
launching a huge campaign since age
since years against Iran so definitely
there will be a kind of a closeness
between Israel and Saudi Arabia thinking
both that the major enemy in the in the
region is Iran and that's why we believe
now now the Saudis are willing to
renegotiate even they are Abela shuttup
to start with the normalization with
Israel even before they are addressing
the Palestinian question and this is
absolutely is not acceptable
Iran has even tried to bring Palestine
back into focus yesterday the issue of
Palestine is the primary issue within
the Muslim world
well it seems not anymore
