Russia's Defense Minister has announced
a range of moves to secure Syrian
airspace and protect Russia's aircraft
operating there the new measures
introduced as a briefing on Monday a
come a week after a Russian military
plane was downed over Syria in incident
Moscow has blamed on Israel that said
we're sure that the implementation of
these measures will cool some hotheads
and we'll keep them from ill-judged
moves that could threaten our servicemen
otherwise we'll be forced to react
according to the situation at the time
this is going to change things
perhaps radically but Moscow was clear
its pilot safety is v overwhelming
concern and overshadows everything else
firstly Russia will now supply Syria
with s-300 air defense systems within
two weeks and that ended of itself is
huge these systems are an order of
magnitude more powerful with far greater
reach than anything Syria had before
this is going to make any Israeli
bombing foray into Syria much more
problematic let's not forget Russia held
off on doing this for years that
Israel's request but you can I want to
underline that in 2013 Russia responded
to Israel's request to put on hold its
supplies of the s-300 to Syria that's
despite the weaponry being ready for
delivery and Syrian military personnel
having undergone training today the
situation has changed and that is not
our fault secondly Syrian air defense
command centers will now be equipped
with automated fire control systems
which means they'll be able to unify
their entire country's air defense
Network fire faster more accurately and
above all outs these systems come with a
friend or foe identification subsystem
hopefully preventing any more friendly
fire incidents thirdly any object be it
a missile or a jet attacking Syria from
the Mediterranean will be jammed its
satellite navigation systems wray
military communications which Moscow
hopes will cool hot Headz and help avoid
another incident like this Syrian
President Assad has been made aware of
these steps him and Vladimir Putin had a
phone conversation and the Russian
leader said he's ready to intensify
efforts to improve the situation and to
restore Syria's sovereignty Putin's
spokesperson also stressed that these
steps are not targeted at any specific
country but rather wholly and entirely
are about ensuring the safety and
security of Russian pilots just to recap
a Russian lll 20 aircraft was patrolling
on Syria's coast when four israeli f16
jets showed up they warned the russians
of what they were doing
just one minute before they launched
their air strike on Syria one minute not
enough time to get clear of the area and
as icing on the cake they then took
cover concluded the Russian military
behind this llll 20 aircraft setting it
up as a target for Syrian air defense
missiles purposefully so as the Russian
said certain steps are now having to be
taken the situation in Syria has changed
again and not because of Moscow's
actions or against the EV reporting
there well let's discuss this further
now and cross live to Peter forward he's
a former British ambassador it's a Syria
and you're very welcome Peter
firstly what's your reaction then to
this deployment to suppose it shouldn't
come as any surprise what happened to
react and also some deterrence against
the possible future incidents like that
what's happened now is severe blow to
Israel the supply of this s-300 system
the Syria is going
to constrain Israel's capabilities in
the air for possible attacks on on Syria
going to constrain them very very
considerably Russia has been holding off
on the deliberate since 28 1314 why to
give Israel some incentive not to go too
far in attacking at Syria but in the
last two years Israel has launched more
than 200 air attacks on Syria and very
recently they have become more reckless
still even breaking the taboo about
attacking targets in the vicinity of
Russian facilities and this led
eventually to the tragedy of the downing
of the Russian plane so Russia is that
enough is enough
we are now we have no incentive to carry
on being nice to Israel we're getting
nothing out of it so we will supply
Syria with these weapons which are no
longer do and how do you think Israel
then will react to this latest
development given the fact it's always
been against the deployment of s-300s in
Syria is there anything it can do Israel
will the defense minister have already
mustering to the effect that this
changes nothing that we will read the
Israelis will continue to attack Iranian
and hold our target clear in Syria and
they will be on the pressure to show
that they can't they will do that and in
that situation may become very tense
because the Israelis now have to show
that they have some deterrent power that
they're not afraid of these new s-300s
but as the Russian strikes
said cooler heads should now be
encouraged I think that the the military
people in Israel not the political their
political superiors but the military
people will be urging caution and time
could absorb this new and for Israel
awkward reality and you say it's an
awkward reality presumably that's the
case too for America or for France for
example that's launched me sharp missile
strikes in Syria too I mean they must be
reassessing how they perhaps act in
Syria also absolutely and if anything
the great significance of this
development is in relation to possible
further Western attacks on Syria only a
couple of weeks ago the Western powers
of France Britain and America were
actively preparing for for very drastic
strikes devastating strikes on Syria
under some pretext or other not even
necessarily involving chemical weapons
American spokesman lysates
evening barrel bombs are used they're
going to stop Syria from advancing well
now the Americans and the French and the
British have been given pause for sword
with not only their planes that might be
shot down by the s-300s but also their
missiles and they will not be in a hurry
to see Russia give a demonstration of
its capacity to shoot down Western
missiles
you
