Google has confirmed that it's been
collecting location data from Android
phones even when users have disabled
location services and removed the SIM
card the practice was discovered by the
news website quartz Google insists it
neither stored nor used the information
but has agreed to stop
Caleb Marvin explains how the tracking
works now your cell phone will often ask
you annoying questions like would you
like to share your geolocation data well
if you answer the question no you would
assume that your geo data is safe well
it turns out you're wrong cell phone's
operating on Android are sharing
information with Google even if you take
the SIM card out the Android phone will
start gathering the addresses at any
nearby cell phone towers I'm standing
not far from one right now essentially
what you need is a few pieces of
information you need the unique identity
of the phone itself which every phone
has and in this case they're using cell
tower locations and so if you have a
single cell tower then that will only
tell you something about a radius around
which the phone is somewhere but if you
have let's say three cell towers that
all have different distance locations
then you can triangulate pretty closely
to where the actual phone is so you're
only referring to the phones identity
and the fact that it is on the native
telephone network so what it's doing is
it's pinging cell towers nearby and by
the way all phones do that Google admits
that they've been keeping track of
mobile phone IDs and their location for
over a year now but they insist their
intentions are good in January of this
year we began looking into using cell ID
codes as an additional signal to further
improve the speed and performance of
message delivery Google claims that it
hasn't done anything particularly with
this day
and now is gonna turn it off I don't
find that entirely credible because some
engineer or group of engineers had to
spend time putting together this
capability and they had to do it for a
reason because someone told him to do it
now Google assures us that we have
nothing to worry about that they never
store or share our data with anyone well
we've heard that song and dance before
does the NSA collect any type of data at
all on millions or hundreds of millions
of Americans no sir it does not not
wittingly the technology really is
moving faster than the regulatory
apparatus so there's not any easy way to
suddenly come up with new rules that
will take care of these things most of
the time the political bodies aren't as
technologically savvy as Silicon Valley
so they don't even really understand
what this stuff is doing Google says
that Android phones will stop tracking
the locations of users without their
consent by the end of November that
sounds like good news unlike the fact
that they have been doing it without
consent for many months caleb Maupin RT
washington DC
