telecom Giants in the u.s. are set for a
major victory if Washington goes ahead
with its plan to repeal the so-called
net neutrality rules it's likely to have
a direct impact to on internet speeds in
the United States so this is how it
works then currently internet providers
do have to treat all online traffic
equally at the moment and that means
they can't block or slow down any
particular content are the authority
behind the push though to end net
neutrality the FCC says it could allow
trillions of dollars to be invested into
web services by the private sector well
it sounds good so far but that may not
be good news for consumers and that's
because it could allow telecom companies
to create fast lanes for traffic and
prioritize certain sites over others -
and Internet users may be forced to pay
more to access content at the speeds
they're currently used - well Kim com
the founder of megaupload has weighed in
on this controversy surrounding the US
government's plan to overturn net
neutrality the entrepreneur who's wanted
in America for alleged widespread
illegal file sharing has vowed to build
an alternative internet to combat
privacy and freedom problems online
where we can talk more about this with
Dimitri kleiner he joins us he's a
privacy activists and software developer
and Dimitri you're very welcome to RT
firstly what are your thoughts there on
Kim comms idea why is there a need do
you think for this alternative internet
well the the current internet as it
exists right now is is you know suffers
from a lot of privacy concerns and a lot
of those privacy concerns actually I
mean some of them are inherent to the
architecture of the of the platforms but
a lot of them are are actually related
more to the business models of a lot of
the of a lot of the kind of companies
that make money on the internet
companies like Google and Facebook you
know make their money by targeting
advertising and targeting advertising is
of course you know requires to know a
lot more about you than then untargeted
advertising so the more they know about
you the more they can send these ads for
so I mean Kim dot-coms proposal is is
not something that I've seen too many
details about although he has been
mentioning Megan net for a few years now
I think
as early as 2 2015 he's already was
already mentioning mega net and there's
a lot of things that sound pretty good
about about what he's proposing
especially the idea of you know using
mobile devices more actively it's not
clear what he means by that whether he's
whether he means that will be an overlay
network on top of the kind of IP
internet that adds anonymity along the
lines of something like tor or an talks
talks rather or whether he plans to use
the no Bluetooth or NFC or direct Wi-Fi
capabilities of the mobile phones
themselves to create a so-called mesh
network along the lines of breyer or
several other applications but any case
you know more development in this area
would certainly be good the more the
better platforms that consumers have
that deliver privacy and anonymity you
know the better the more we have the
better but that won't necessarily affect
the actual concerns of data being
collected by the likes of Google and
Facebook mmm another item we've sort of
been mentioned this evening is the speed
at which people can use the internet
with these net neutrality rules being
rolled back is Kim comms idea a way of
circumventing those those alternative
rules that are going to come into force
so we would need to do know more about
the architecture to actually make a
claim either way if it is planning if it
is planning to use the kind of radio
capabilities of mobile phones themselves
in the Bluetooth NFC and Wi-Fi
capabilities those phones have to create
sort of a mesh network then you could
have you you could have an advantage
that it's much more difficult to block
than then centralized things so net
neutrality wouldn't affect it as much
directly however it still may be a
slower service to what people are used
to right now giving given a neutral
internet any drawbacks you can think of
having an alternative internet I suppose
some people might say there's too much
anonymity there and perhaps it will be
sort of you know fair game for criminals
than the like what's your response to
that argument well it's it seems to me
the criminals aren't having a terrible
amount of difficulty operating on the
Internet as it is today and and and
having a more alternative internet
that's more controlled by its users
gives us better option
in order you know in order to which to
protect ourselves we can have like
collaborative moderation and
collaborative block lists and stuff like
that that that that could make that
could make user driven ways to defend
against this stuff more effective rather
than being completely in the hands of
Facebook and Google and Twitter and only
being able to access the protections
that they provide and can you see the
public taking to this alternative
internet quickly or with the big
problems or for them to connect I mean
what are your thoughts on that on its on
its accessibility well I think there's a
lot of questions though there's a lot of
questions need to be looked at there one
is of course you know how user-friendly
and usable this kind of stuff is we know
without a clear business model like
advertising that Facebook and Google has
you'd have to question where the
investments going to come from to create
the kind of you know rich user
experience that users are used to to
market it to promote it to support it
and all that kind of stuff so I mean
given the right given the right support
I definitely think that that an
alternative could be made and it could
be very popular however it's not clear
what where that support could come from
you know short of public institutions
because because as a private as a
private entrepreneur kim.com only has
you know can only spend money that he
can earn back and it's not clear how he
would earn money on such a thing given
that given that advertising and
surveillance would not be would not be
used sure ok to make sure you look we'll
leave it there but really good to get
your insights on this that was to meet
recliner previously activists and also a
software developer thank you
