our children's picture book published in
Sweden that promotes transgender isms
being widely criticized and even branded
as dangerous propaganda the story
features a man who dresses as a woman
and his horse who wants to be a dog the
author says is meant to show children
that they can be whoever they want to be
here's some of the reaction we've heard
when you're an adult when you're over 18
you're entitled to do what you want in
the privacy of your own home and I don't
think anyone would disagree with that
but propagandizing this kind of thing to
children who you know you can damage
them in their natural development as
boys and girls you know nature is is
binary nature creates male and female
there are boys and girls and we here you
know as well as the book moves to try
and ban the words boys and girls men and
women mothers and fathers in primary
education and this is a time when
children really need to be affirmed in
their identity as who they are and this
is just something that's far too much
too young is going to confuse people
it's part of a natural spectrum of life
for all animal species human and
non-human this book is not about
promoting or encouraging transgenderism
it's about trying to affirm young people
who don't feel they fit neatly into the
male/female roles and trying to tackle
bullying and Prejudice you know children
are imaginative they play they pretend
to be all kinds of things they pretend
to be footballers they pretend to be
alien spaceman unicorns they they've
maybe pretend to be men and women as
well but you have to separate
imagination and play from objective
scientific fact and the fact is that
your gender or your biological sex is
defined by your Anatomy and by your
chromosomes and that's the science that
we need to be making sure that children
know and the science that we need to be
teaching children and affirm they've
been growing up in no one's going to
change their mind just because they read
a book it's something that comes deep
from within and no amount of propaganda
or profit izing can make someone
transgender I think our starting point
has to be the welfare of the child and
my concern is that we know in countries
all across the world
pupils who don't fit the gender
stereotypes who are trans or gender
variant they suffer teasing name-calling
threats and bullying and that is truly
shameful that is not good for the
child's welfare so what we have to do is
to create an atmosphere and
understanding where it's okay to be
different
in Britain it's in the last two years
it's grown six-fold the number of
children who have this gender confusion
and it's because they're being exposed
to these materials if they weren't they
would just happily go on their own way
being boys and girls yes there are
differences in people who are boys and
differences in girls and their
temperaments and their behavior in their
likes and dislikes
but there doesn't mean that they're
going to be transgender doesn't mean the
whole idea of separating sex from gender
is a new social construct
