the political crisis in Lebanon taken an
unexpected twist after the country's
Prime Minister put his surprised
decision to quit on hold
Maria Norah is in Beirut following the
shock reversal and I announce my
resignation from the post of Prime
Minister I discussed my resignation with
the President of the Republic he wants
me to wait before submitting it to put
it on hold and to allow for more
consultations into the reasons behind it
I complied Prime Minister Hariri maybe
back to Lebanon but the questions his
absence brought us still to be answered
how did his comeback was met both with
relief and confusion because his
resignation proclaimed from another
country and featuring threats to cut off
Iran's arms in the region sounded a lot
like Saudi Arabia Iran's long-term rival
I hope that all the other countries in
the region will leave Lebanon alone so
the Lebanese people can decide their
future for themselves it's unprecedented
that Saudi Arabia held the Lebanese
Prime Minister by force and pushed him
to resign while he was outside his
country we have to tell ourselves we
want our country to stay out of regional
conflicts when it comes to the Saudis
meddling I'm sure it will continue and
it's not only Riyadh interference into
Lebanese affairs many other countries
are doing it - I'm sure Saad Hariri
wants to help his country Lebanon I
think that the way Saudi Arabia treated
him is very wrong
what is clear already these twenty days
have shown just how dangerous the battle
of a power between Saudi Arabia and Iran
could go and now this little Middle
Eastern country that suffered a lot in
wars and conflicts may be losing peace
again
grave no Sheena RT from Beirut in
Lebanon sociology professor side Sadek
explained to us how Lebanon's become a
battlefield for a political standoff in
the wider region there are two alliances
emerging in the area Saudi Arabia some
Gulf states without kata and Israel
pushing against Iran and against
Hezbollah on the other hand you have
Syria the Lebanese president not the
Prime Minister and Hezbollah and Iran
again is this alliance and so you have
this polarization the Saudis felt that
one way too many toppling or undermined
the power of
Hezbollah is to commit a political
crisis in this way you will be able to
create a havoc a storm inside the
Lebanese political system to clash with
Hezbollah or at least neutralize it from
not intervening in Syria again or doing
anything and in this way you will be
cutting the hand of Iran
