Hollywood to Westminster the flood of
sexual assault allegations is seeing
more and more victims feel that they can
finally speak out about widespread abuse
but there are still big hurdles in the
battle to be believed the Samira Khan
explains defending women's rights as
surely a noble cause and those who
defend them are upheld as moral beacons
yet recently some of these defenders
have fallen from grace Lena Dunham a
feminist icon is now being vilified as a
hypocrite she's repeatedly argued that
we should unconditionally believe women
alleging harassment but when accusations
were leveled against her co-author and
friend she changed her tune while our
first instinct is to listen to every
woman's story this accusation is one of
the 3% of assault cases that are Mis
reported every year following a public
backlash Dunham apologized but the
damage had already been done someone
else with a now damaged reputation is
Los Angeles attorney Lisa bloom who made
a name for herself advocating for
women's rights but that didn't stop her
from representing Harvey Weinstein when
the storm of sexual harassment
allegations broke I thought I had a
chance to make a difference here
on the other side he wanted to be
respectful to women and he still wants
to be respectful for two women Blum left
Weinstein in October amid widespread
outrage saying it had been a colossal
mistake and then there's New York Times
reporter Glen thrush a self-proclaimed
advocate for female journalists when
harassment claims were leveled against
prominent political journalist Mark
Halperin thrush was vocal in his
condemnation young people who come into
a newsroom deserve to be taught our
trade given our support and enlisted in
our calling not betrayed by little men
who believe they are bigger than the
mission but now it turns out thrush
himself stands accused of sexual
misconduct so it seems that the higher
your professed standards in public life
arm the further you risk falling in
private all these celebrities are going
to say what makes them popular and what
makes them more progressive but in
private and in their own life when their
friends get involved they're gonna be
like every other person on the ground
here who realizes we want
Leyna in her case she said things
wouldn't lie about their lunch things
women don't lie about rape and then
suddenly when it's someone close to you
they're accused of rape suddenly all
that feminism crap goes out the window
every single perfect feminist you see on
TV that perfect progressive person you
see no there is no perfect hero all of
these people are hypocrites
