well integrity with much satisfaction of
noted that we achieved great success in
the fight against terrorism the
collective bite we reaffirmed our
commitment to build up cooperation in
order to finally eliminate a pattern
nusrah Isis and other terrorist groups
we all believe that the success on the
battlefield making the final liberation
of Syria closer and closer opens up new
possibilities for the resolution of the
crisis as a whole and I mean the real
prospect of achieving a long lasting
comprehensive nominalizations the
territory of Syria political
restructuring in the post-conflict era
that is the ultimate goal of our joint
statement document outlines the
priorities for further cooperation on
that issue cooperation between Russia
Turkey Iran the three countries which
played major roles in the Syrian
settlement without line the tasks can
three tasks for the immediate future we
all believe that we need to push forward
with cooperation on the Aston applause
that already proved to be a useful
platform which already we allowed us to
reduce the violence and create the
environment for return of migrants and
refugees and internally displaced
persons as current tools we the free
countries continue to work closely in
order to reinforce the cessation of
hostilities regime to ensure the
operation of the distillation zone
enhancing at the same time the
confidence-building measures and that
era we outline the first steps to be
taken to start the inclusive in a Syrian
dialogue raising of the 2254 residual
Security Council of the United Nations
with much satisfaction of life to know
that presidents of turkey in Iran have
supported the initiative to convene the
Oh Syrian national dialect Congress in
Syria we also agreed to organize that
event at the necessary level at the high
level ensuring the participation of
abroad layers of the Syrian society
we've instructed the foreign ministries
of our country's representatives of the
special services our defense ministries
to work out the concrete dates and
modalities of this Congress here in
Sochi these days well we mean to convene
and invite the delegates from different
political parties both inside and
outside of Syria before interposition
groups different ethical and religious
groups these Congress is to see the
discussion of the future of Syria which
has to do with the outline of the
parameters and modalities of the future
political structure of Syria new
constitution and of course elections
under the relation of the United Nations
this will give an impetus to step up our
efforts on the Syrian Geneva talks track
like to highlight again that the future
Syria should be defined by the Syrian
people and we support it believe that it
should be both the government and the
opposition who informed our colleagues
on the talks with President of Syria
Bashar Assad with highlighted the fact
that the Syrian government is adhering
to the principle of the peaceful
resolution and they are ready to hold
constitutional reforms and free
elections under the auspices of United
Nations during the today's talks we also
spoke of social and economic revival of
Syria we are in for a tremendous amount
of job helping the Syrian people to
create the infrastructure industry
agriculture trade and me they open again
the social infrastructure kindergardens
hospitals schools to
principal importance and we've been
highlighting that many times again that
we need to step up the humanitarian aid
come into the people we need to clear
off the minds of many territories of
Syria preserving the cultural and
historical heritage of that wonderful
country today we agreed to do all we can
to stimulate other countries to join in
their efforts both regional and
international organizations as well in
conclusion I'd like to thank my
colleagues from Iran and Turkey my
colleagues President rouhani president
everyone for a very insightful talk very
resulted him I hope that these
arrangements will allow us to really
speed up the settlement process
alleviating the risks for further
conflicts alleviating the tensions
between the ethical and confessional
groups this way having very positive
influence of the whole situation in the
Middle East
thank you for your attention
tablets are cheese petrichor kaanum as
ratio more poutine rotary in Africa Remo
emission per OAH dose irani Sukesh far
there's a mini sole horse about there
Surya
sharo ETA and are su de barro yay both
gasp of Oregon a Miata ageless in husky
dairy examinee energy loss bar Boozer
mission as Director of National - oh
they are - Leo's demoiii cosa stiamo
choreo is a cage for me to net a circus
or Bosch a burro a cow a certain age
they are sued en the mineral pero es
sólo sobre su llamada Bocconi ageless
jolla kadar Austin barbers Arshad vastra
fatigue airing of food are Zamani Volga
me shake a Hoyo Hoyo as leader ish Homme
de su día Homme de aire out as being
grafted no booty Isis bus bases in Syria
and Iraq been destroyed for the most
part we have formed agreement we have
agreement in the region regarding the
issue of fighting terrorism terrorism
cannot be used as an instrument by any
country
tourism is always a threat to any
country we see that those who helped
Isis now threaten our
this states they kill innocent civilians
this meeting has been very important
we've exchanged our opinions on most of
the issues our main goal is to start the
National Dialogue Congress the
intra-syrian Congress which would
involve all the representatives of all
the population of Syria those who
support the Syrian government and those
who oppose it so that they could come
together and discuss the future of Syria
and create conditions for laying down a
new constitution and then on the basis
of this new constitution there would be
new elections in Syria which would in
turn become a message to the world a
message of peace and stability for the
entire region
our three countries call upon all the
nations of the world to assist us in
maintaining peace in Syria and creating
conditions for the return of Syrian
refugees to their homeland as well as
maintaining conditions for economic
restructuring my economic rebuilding of
Syria we have expressed our views and
all three countries have agreed that we
should hold the national dialogue
Congress here in Sochi we have also
agreed to hold meetings on the level of
Foreign Ministries about countries on
the level of special services of our
countries who will hold meetings to work
out the details of the national dialogue
Congress we believe that this Congress
will be an acceptable stability and
peace in Syria it would also be a step
towards free and open elections on the
basis of a new constitution once again I
would like to thank mr. Putin his
invitation as well as mr. Erdogan for
participating in this meeting and I hope
that this process for the sake of peace
will continue
distinguished friends esteem members of
the delegations members of mass media
ladies and gentlemen I'd like to welcome
all of you in the bottom of my heart
first and foremost I would like to
express gratitude to you a friend used
to put into our Russian friends with
Russia we are continuing our close ties
that so ties original eyes
thanks God we are collecting the fruits
of our cooperation across the board I'd
like to highlight that we agree with mr.
Putin that we need to step up our
efforts by working our bilateral meeting
with mr. rouhani we came to the common
denominator that we need to increase the
cooperation across all spheres Jewish
members of mass media during today's
talks with mr. rouhani mr. Putin we
conducted very important discussions we
discussed very friendly many matters
relating to our today's agenda we again
assessed the necessary steps to be
taking to install the ultimate ceasefire
in Syria my satisfaction we've seen that
the key role in alleviating the tensions
was played by the these collations edges
we also
talked about the steps to enhance the
Geneva process in order to achieve a
lasting solution to the problem also
relying on the decision made of Astana
platform on the other hand I would like
to say that we have come to the
understanding that we need to support
full-scale transparent and accountable
political process as set forth in the
2254 resolution the Security Council
agitations ulcer like highlight the fact
that our actions should be coordinated
it should be running in parallel in
order to greater contribute to our work
that can be done here in the
congressional dialogue summit which will
be convened upon the initiative of
Russian Federation also I would like to
add that today's statement is the first
step signifying an increased cooperation
between us it demonstrates that we are
most willing to continue our cooperation
I also would like to note that it is
very important to have the understanding
between all three countries and
certainly we did take into account the
positions of the government and a
position of Syria we the guarantor we
have the critical role in that matter
also I'd like to say that the terrorists
but in our countries but in the tutorial
territory of sovereignty of Syria will
be the targets our operations no.1
things that we can be on the same
Paige with terrorist organizations we
adhere to the principal tutorial
integrity of Syria and political
integrity of Syria and this way we
cannot see terrorists as legitimate side
in that process during the consultations
with mr. Putin with mr. rouhani we
focused on the necessary efforts to
build up the confidence building
measures to carry out these measures on
a gradual basis we need to open the free
and unfailing access of humanitarian aid
to the people who've been trapped for
many years and trapped and isolated all
the arrangements we made today
contribute ultimate goal and I think
that two days outcomes will be
implemented as a plan of actions to be
taken one after another I also think
that these meetings will contribute to
the peace in that region and I welcome
all stakeholders and responsible members
of the international community to
support our efforts on this track thank
you
you
