reminder of our breaking news from
Lebanon the country's Prime Minister has
announced he is putting his surprise
resignation on hold after the president
asked him to reconsider as cross life to
Beirut get the latest now from Artie's
Maria for notional good to see you Maria
it seems that this announcement has
caught everyone by the same surprise
that his resignation did two weeks ago
what is going on well indeed Lebanon's
Prime Minister Saad Hariri has spoken
here in Beirut for the first time on the
Lebanese soil in the last 20 days that
has been a truly turbulent time for
Lebanon more than two weeks ago mr.
hariri announced his resignation and he
made it through a televised address
while speaking from the capital of Saudi
Arabia it was very unexpected and we can
say that what kind of crisis and chaos
to the country and it of course sparked
speculation that mr. Hillery was forced
to do that and he was held in Saudi
Arabia against his will
Lebanese President did not accept his
resignation and everybody was waiting
for her Erie's returned to Lebanon for
further explanations and further
decisions and today speaking after
Independence Day celebrations that are
now as soon as you can see behind me
continuing here in Beirut Prime Minister
Hariri has said that he agrees to put
the decision of his resignation on hold
after he disgusted with the country's
president and he has stressed that the
main goal right now is to keep and to
get Lebanon away from or any conflict
throughout Arab countries and as he
mentioned the influence and the attempts
by some military and political groups
backed by Iran to meddle into the
affairs in the region as a major
reason behind his resignation everybody
understood his today's speech as but now
the country should try to find the way
to get these forces backed by Iran out
of the conflicts and to diminish this
influence and here we are talking of
course about Syria and Yemen in Iraq and
I have been able to speak to some people
here and Beirut on the ground and they
have told me that it is not very
realistic given how influential these
forces actually are here in Lebanon as
well as throughout the region but of
course we can understand that mr. Puri
meant that this is his condition and if
the country is not trying to do that to
diminish this influence then mr. hariya
should come back to discuss his
resignation so we now have to wait and
see how political political people will
behave mmm the latest on this breaking
news Arty's maria finocchiona live in
beirut thank you
