hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the political crisis inflicted upon
Lebanon by Saudi Arabia appears to have
receded at least for now is this a sign
of things to come as the Saudi royal
family changes so does Saudi Arabia and
the region is it time to buckle up
embrace for impact
crosstalking Saudi Arabia and the region
I'm joined by my guess Jamel khashoggi
and wash it in he's a Saudi commentator
in Beirut we have sharmeen Noor Hwanhee
she is a journalist as well as a Middle
East geopolitical analyst and in Tehran
we crossed the Mohammed mirandy he is an
associate professor at the University of
Tehran
all right crosstalk rules in effect that
means you can jump in anytime you want
and I very much appreciate your mom let
me go to you first in Washington as we
saw this situation play out in Lebanon I
don't think it's come down yet we'll see
what the next move is here but looking
at what's going on in Saudi Arabia
critics can make the claim that the the
Lebanon episode was to deflect from what
was going on in Saudi Arabia and vice
versa I mean how are they connected or
they're just very different things
happening at the same time go ahead in
Washington know I tend to believe there
are two different things happening in
the same time Saudi Arabia has
legitimate reason to make a complaint
about Hezbollah activities not only in
Lebanon but in Syria and in Yemen maybe
the way this issue was introduced was
too hasty or in such an impulsive way
but it succeeded in bringing the issue
of Hezbollah on the table and now even
the French are making statements about
how Hezbollah should be tamp down should
be restricted Hezbollah should not have
a free hand in this is all about
Hezbollah then let me go to shemesh I
mean in Beirut I mean one can easily
make the claim that Saudi Arabia is
meddling in Lebanon and in Yemen okay I
mean I I don't see where you find the
moral equivalence right there okay I
mean so in in Beirut here I mean what is
in play here because seeing a country
like Saudi Arabia claim it's making
reforms considering it's a an autocracy
religious autocracy and it's it's
reaching out to the West saying it's
reforming and it wants to reorder the
Middle East I mean that's destabilizing
in in itself because we don't know what
the outcomes are at home
we certainly know what the outcomes are
abroad okay go ahead in Beirut the the
Saudis are in a very precarious
situation I mean you know if you're
going to take an aggressive stance in
your neighborhood or at home one of the
things you have to do is make sure you
have covers so if you're going to move
forward with an aggressive foreign
policy you have to make sure you have
stability and cohesion at home Mohammed
bin Salman the crown prince or we often
call him MBS is in a dangerous position
for himself because at home he's he's
taken on the purging of the religious
establishment and the royal family and
even the business establishment at the
same time as he has rockets and mortars
coming in from Yemen award that he
initiated and in a neighboring state and
many conflicts around him in the region
most of which Saudi Arabia's
has had a hand in so you're right to
criticize Hezbollah for interference in
Arab Affairs is a mockery because there
is no country more aggressively pursuing
interventions in in regional states and
neighboring states then Saudi Arabia and
we should point to the the Arab League
meeting on Sunday which was to militia
yeah but at the same time Hezbollah is a
political party and has been elected by
the people of Lebanon I think that is an
important distinction as well I had
folks I had a feeling this was gonna
happen
please let me bring in professor morandi
so we'll all go to mix okay I had a
question but I think you've heard enough
professor morandi to answer what you've
heard already on the program go ahead
please well Hezbollah is a part of the
government and the government recognizes
the Hezbollah armed we
in Lebanon and it is universally
recognized that the only thing that
deters another Israeli attack on Lebanon
is Hezbollah and if if people look back
the reason why Hezbollah was created in
the first place was the the are the
Israeli regime's occupation of Lebanon
its attack on the country and
effectively they expelled the Israelis
so Hezbollah is very popular in fact
it's the most popular party in Lebanon
it actually gives its seats in the
cabinet and in Parliament to its own
allies it only keeps a minimal number of
seats just to be sure that they are in
the debate and to compare Saudi Arabia
to Hezbollah so it's really
extraordinary we just recently heard and
I think all your viewers should watch
the interview of the former prime
minister of Qatar when he spoke on a
Terry TV not on Al Jazeera but on Qatari
TV and he explained that at the very
beginning of the the situation in Syria
he went to Saudi Arabia and they began
plotting against the Syrian government
and of course we also have other
documents like the Defense Intelligence
Agency document of 2012 and so on that
shows that Saudi Arabia from the very
beginning was exporting terrorism to
Syria and the battery prime minister
also acknowledged that the nusra front
was being funded and that back then the
nostra fund was actually part of Isis
because Isis back then was ISI the
Islamic State of Iraq they created the
nostrils to go first here and then again
when we look at when we look at Yemen
the Saudi regime is creating a star it's
creating starvation at a mass scale
unprecedented in human history
17 17 million people are on the verge of
starvation or and the United States the
Western media the British media they are
all silent about this which is quite
racist but there's no comparison is
between Saudi Arabia and anyone else and
I point out to our viewers the 60
minutes report on CBS was absolute
disgraceful in its bias okay Jamal let
me go back to you because it's two
against one here I want you to be able
to respond to what we've heard on the
program so far go ahead
we should not pick and choose what we
have in Syria is a true revolution and
that ought to be supported I wish my
country would do more support
unfortunately I even feel that my
country is withdrawing its support to
the Syrian Revolution and we shouldn't
have done that because it is it is
legitimate to support the revolution
those people are calling for majority
rule and they need to be supported
actually somehow Saudi Arabia and the
Iranians are agreeing in in somehow
causing live for Bashar al Assad and we
should really should not do that it is
it is not in our interest yes I agree
that the war in Yemen is causing some
suffering but at the same time the
houses should not be allowed through
Yemen because they are not democratic
and they are not prescribing to a
power-sharing formula for Yemen so
somehow so the what what the Iranians
are supporting what Hezbollah is
supporting the Una's supporting peaceful
change Democratic Change in the Middle
East they are supporting dictatorships
kind of rich having Saudi Arabia
supporting terrorist groups in inside of
Saudi in inside of those Syria I mean I
I have a hard time good I have excuse me
but I have a hard time anyone from Saudi
Arabia talking about democracy anywhere
in the world let me go to Sharmini in in
Beirut here I mean again you know that
this these reforms we need to have we
have to have free equal time for
everyone but you know it you know Saudi
Arabia looks like it wants to be the
hegemon in the entire Arab world I'm
afraid that's a long time ago they the
number of missteps that they have gone
through and in recent years have pretty
much pre looted that I mean the survival
of the royal family should be the
primary concern because without the
royal family there is no Saudi Arabia
okay I think you know they should get
their priorities straight go ahead and
Beirut Mohammed bin Salman is doing
exactly the opposite of that as I
saying earlier if you're going to take
on an aggressive foreign policy or
domestic policy you have to make sure
your back is covered and your flanks are
covered and you can see what lies ahead
he's taken on all these issues at the
same time but you know going to the
point about about the you know Hezbollah
and Iran interfering in the in the
affairs of states and and back to the
Arab League meeting on Sunday the Arab
League Charter says that they're you
know states the inviolability of not
just sovereignty and territory
territorial integrity of all Arab states
but independence as well and the first
time in their history that they
significantly veered from this and
intervene in the affairs of state
allegedly to support a population
against its its government it was in
Libya and in Syria
and now they are doing so in Yemen when
the Arab League takes these decisions in
sideline Syria and looks to sideline
other countries potentially like Lebanon
they have no right per their charter you
have an Arab League that is being
hijacked now and there are very few
members of that league that actually
subscribed to to what Mohammed bin
Salman wants in the region I mean it's
Saudi Arabia it's a Buddha not even the
UAE Abu Dhabi Bahrain that has no voice
any longer and maybe some sort of
half-steps by some of the others but
this is a very dangerous situation where
one country is pretty much saying we can
violate everything around us I want to
and we have the right to do so
we have about 40 seconds before we go to
the break go ahead Mohammed didn't
around if you want to respond to that go
ahead I think the big issue is that
Mohammed bin Salman is behaving very in
a very erratic manner he's not
calculating things or thinking things
through he one week he has a huge
conference friend foreign investors at
the ritz-carlton the next week he
arrests all the billionaires princes and
ministers and puts them in the
ritz-carlton that's that's basically
saying to all foreign investors leave
and all wealthy Saudis to leave the
country as well okay gentlemen and lady
I'm gonna jump in here we're gonna go to
a short break and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on Saudi
Arabia and the region stay with our
Jomon can you know that the crown prince
and it's assuming that he will become
king very soon
can you explain his reforms I mean
Mohammed in Tehran talked about this I
guess a better word is it's really a
shaking down of members of the royal
family that may or may not have
committed massive acts of corruption
okay fine
but is that the way to move forward I
mean because if you want to have the
rule of law so you break the law to have
the rule of law you you stake you take
assets from people illegally but
believing foreigners will be attempted
to legally enter your in the Saudi
market I mean can't you see all the
contradictions of what this
quote-unquote
reform is all about because it looks
like a power grab not in the name of a
family but in the name of one man
go ahead Jamal yes very much it is
reason to worry and I put it this way he
is doing the right things the wrong way
I've been very much supportive of
reforming Saudi Arabia I called exactly
for many of the things Mohammed bin
Salman is doing as an editor of a
newspaper very viously in Saudi Arabia
yes the royal family need to be tempted
on need to be restricted there had to be
a law that separate them from the state
they should not act and live as if they
own or share the state they shouldn't
they are equal citizen to us we the
people of Saudi Arabia he is doing the
right things whether in inside Saudi
Arabia but he's doing it in a hasty
manner there will never be an economic
development in Saudi Arabia and
Renaissance and vision 2030 without
fighting corruption but in the same time
there has to be transparency in an in an
article I wrote in The Washington Post I
questioned with that he is becoming like
President Putin where he will just
gather all the power around him and I
wouldn't like that for Saudi Arabia I
would like to see you know sharing we
have elections he would call me up when
Saudi Arabia starts having elections and
I'll be into
maybe political parties to hoping for
right okay I can go to you you know I I
find it really kind of foolhardy I mean
Saudi Arabia is a royal family it's not
even a state really it's one family and
it has one person striving to have all
power to him self here so if you're good
at reform Saudi Arabia you have to
reform the royal family what are the
chances of that happening not very good
right now because it's it's we're
talking about a dictatorship where it
was ruled by consensus at least with
thousands of princes and members of the
royal family that had who had a stake in
the system today it's not clear who has
the stake in the system besides besides
the crown prince the would-be King so I
I don't think he's going to have a very
good chance of accomplishing even his
domestic objectives because again the
purges of the religious establishment
even to some tribes the royal family the
business class and as to his vision for
2030 how can he accomplish this when
when investors who are required for this
kind of economic plan are going to be
extremely wary of putting dollars into
into a kingdom you know that is who that
is governed by a leader this erratic
take Mohammed way where did where does
the u.s. play in all of this because I
mean we have Donald Trump tweeting
supporting the Crown Prince almost a
blank check here do you think that kind
of nudged him along that he's gonna get
a free pass and of course we know that
relations between Israel and Saudi
Arabia are riping they're getting closer
and closer reports I've seen they're
even sharing intelligence here I mean do
you think the crown prince thought he he
had two really powerful forces in his
corner and he was going to go out and
make his bid and he fell flat on his
face
go ahead Mohammed yes I think that the
Saudi regime is counting very much on
Trump support and I think
are your good guests in the United
States suffered a lot at the hands of
the the Saudi ruling family because of
his criticisms of of Trump if I'm not
mistaken the Israeli connection with
Saudi Arabia of course I think is really
more hurtful to Saudi Arabia than it
thinks because in public in the public
opinion in the region people recognize
Israel as an apartheid state that has
kept Palestinians basically in
concentration camps in Gaza and which is
treating them as subhuman and any the
the closer the relationship gets the
more unpopular the Saudi regime becomes
but I'd like to also point out a couple
of other things about what's going on in
Saudi Arabia and why I think that this
is very dangerous for the the stability
of the the regime itself the erratic
behavior is not only with regards to its
sudden arrests of all these influential
people and it's not just the war where
they're slaughtering hundreds of
thousands of people due to disease and
starvation although the Western media
for two years has been saying ten
thousand people have been killed they
don't want to tell the real numbers but
then we see what he did in Qatar and the
outrageous behavior that the Saudis
showed towards the 880 people and they
stood they tried to strangle them as
well they humiliated the prime minister
of Lebanon and forced him to grovel in
front of the the King how would
investors come to a country when even a
foreign prime minister has no protection
in the country but the most important
thing I think is that Saudi Arabia's
some is a bit like Libya it is not like
Egypt or Iran which has a it's a
nation-state with an identity it's
founded upon in Libya was founded upon
one person and when he was killed when
he was when he left the scene the
country car fell apart and Saudi Arabia
if if Mohammed bin Salman it grows
weaker as a result of the immense amount
of money that he's wasting in Yemen in
killing there and all the other multiple
crises at home and abroad
if Saudi Arabia grows on
stable I don't think that the country
will remain intact Jamal I know that you
were a critic of the Saudi government
presumably maybe one of the reasons why
you're living in the u.s. if you could
give the Crown Prince advice what would
that advice be and what would be the
advice to Israel and the United States
for example he must avoid one-man rule
despite all the temptation one-man rule
despite how smart is the man always end
with a disaster to the country isn't he
doing just the opposite we have says but
that was my advice to avoid being a
one-man rule he need to broaden the base
for consensus he need to create some
form of a democracy around him he enjoys
the support of the people there is no
question of legitimacy in Saudi Arabia
it's very very quick solution Korea
something like the Chinese Communist
Party where it where they have a huge
membership of of equal people who could
contribute and share power
Saudi Arabia is going through a major
transformation that are existing tional
to the country and and that should not
be conducted by you think the idea is
open do you think Saudi Arabia can
survive this transformation it seems to
be really in severe doubts that it could
on the path it's on right now
no I think in in the short term yes
Saudi Arabia has enough power enough
legitimacy enough world's to survive for
the coming years but there are
challenges from within isn't even facing
Mohammed bin Salman high expectation
that he met all the people those things
go ahead go ahead in Beirut how does it
have power and legitimacy how does a
Saudi Arabia have power and legitimacy
to carry through any of its agendas the
Arab League is as good as gone the GCC
is as good as gone you know Arab
initiative
all the way we waited oh let me just let
me know just say it it only comes with
money and Saudi Arabia's bankrupt in
terms of Muslim legitimacy let Saudi
Arabia no no no no weird your
relationship with Israel and it will
have much you know what Peter where I
think this is gonna end I think that
it's going to end with the custodianship
of the Two Holy Mosques gone and they're
playing a very dangerous game whereas
most of the countries in this region
want stability would like Saudi Arabia
to act as they did before you know with
consensus and a system that was cautious
and looked at its neighborhood in a very
cautious tentative way before it we we
have a Saudi Arabia gone rogue okay able
to say please respond before and then I
want to go to my moment before we end
the program go ahead okay very quick
response I'm talking from my Saudi
prospective I'm talking from witness
Saudi Arabia I'm not seeing store
deliver from outside the people of Saudi
Arabia they support the Mohammed bin
Salman they support the monarchy that
support the system this is reality there
are difficulties which are economic
mainly some difficulties are foreign but
the country is stable he can rule the
country for another okay maybe five six
80s with with much more challenges but
he has to fix the unemployment problem
seriously he could really add that is
we're rapidly running out of time
Mohammed let me go to you I would I
would put forward the following is that
all of the problems that Saudi Arabia is
experiencing internally and its foreign
policy are all self-inflicted wounds
every single one go ahead without a
doubt and the the Saudi regime basically
is is is is not is putting the lives of
people like Jamal at threat Jamal who's
defending Saudi Arabia right now cannot
go back to his own country this is the
state of affairs in Saudi Arabia and the
so the United States
they occupied Iraq they were infinitely
more powerful than Saudi Arabia and look
what Iraq did to the American economy
Saudi Arabia is engaging in mass murder
in Yemen it is spending its money like
there's no tomorrow
it's confronting Qatar it's confronting
Syria Iraq it's been confronting Iraq
for years and now Lebanon and Iran it is
and at home it's now dealing both with
the clerics as well as the the royal
family ministers and it's arresting
generals as well this is definitely not
a regime that has the sort of Mohamed
Mahmoud can take on I sighs I'm sorry I
wish I'd let you get away with it
but we've run out of time fascinating
discussion many thanks to my guests in
Washington and in Beirut and in to them
and thanks to our viewers for watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember crosstalk rules
