controversial measure expected to be
unveiled during tomorrow's UK budget as
angered many in the British capital
human rights associations and NGOs have
come out against the plan to roll out a
benefit scheme that could plunge over
400,000 vulnerable citizens into poverty
they have delivered tons of food bank
donations outside Downing Street as a
symbolic gesture
Arty's Laura Smith explains where this
is a pretty rare sight we're in the
heart of Whitehall behind me you can see
Downing Street and then if we just
turned the other way you can see that
tons of food has been delivered here to
Whitehall and it's all piled up and it's
part of a national day of action again
by the People's Assembly run by them and
it's to highlight the fact that the
rollout of a new benefit system will
force thousands more people to rely on
food banks this winter I spoke to Sam
Durban from the People's Assembly and he
told me what it was all about here he is
the idea of this is because we feel that
the government's policies are driving
people into poverty they are meaning the
thousands and thousands of more people
actually a million or more are now
relying on food banks on a regular basis
the rollout of things like universal
credit has already been widely
criticized by by campaigners politicians
in areas that it's been rolled out
they've seen a 30% increase already in
food bank usage we're just about to hit
the winter it looks like food bank
youths are going to be a lot higher and
we thinking in one of the richest
countries on the planet
it's a disgrace that people are having
to be forced to use to pay forced to
have to use food banks to feed their
families isn't that this protest is
being organized on the day before the
budget is to highlight several things
first of all as Sam mentioned the the
danger of universal credit which is a
system that aims to roll six benefits
into one it means to make the system
simpler but the reality of it is that
there's often a six-week delay before
families can claim any money and that's
why they need to bridge that gap by
using food banks 30 percent increase in
the use of food banks this winter is a
figure that comes from the Trussell
Trust to whom all
this food will be delivered once this
demonstration it's finished that this is
calling for the Tories to use the budget
to scrap Universal Credit either that
the People's Assembly is saying or get
out
