almost a million dollars of taxpayers
money has been paid out in harassment
settlements by the US Congress this year
that is the highest figure in a decade a
report released by the office of
compliance reveals complaints range from
sexual harassment to racial
discrimination his kaleb moment for
almost a month now the US public has
been facing an avalanche of allegations
of sexual harassment leveled against men
in the public eye on an almost daily
basis well it turns out that members of
Congress are no exception a person
basically offered me an opportunity to
flirt with him in order to excel in my
career this member asked a staffer to
bring them over some materials to their
residence and the young staffer is a
young woman went there and was greeted
with a member in a towel this talk it
sort of happened over and over and over
and finally one day I said you know what
knock it off this is just not
appropriate it's not right and it's not
cool now there's actually a special body
on Capitol Hill set up to deal with the
allegations but you might be surprised
to learn that some people think this
body is actually part of the problem we
have a system in place that allows for
the harasser to go unchecked doesn't pay
for the settlement himself and is never
identified so the office of compliance
to which victim must apply or complain
is a place that has really been an
enabler of sexual harassment it's the
American taxpayers who end up footing
the bill it's already cost them over 17
million dollars in awards and
settlements since the office of
compliance was established in the 1990s
on top of that the US public doesn't
even know what they're paying something
the person behind this scheme has
admitted needs to change it's the
taxpayers are basically being charged
for the activities of someone a staff
person or a member of Congress it should
be made available to the public so how
does this scheme sit with the people who
end up paying for it I don't want to pay
for it I think that the the center
whoever the perpetrator is should be
paying not the taxpayer
I think they should pay for their own
defense really I don't think I don't
think on you know tax people should pay
for that they should pay their own way
so who says we have to pay I don't think
they should be sued I think they should
be prosecuted Congress is attempting to
rectify this situation with a bipartisan
bill so in the future when taxpayers
have to cough up the bill they'll at
least know whose transgressions it is
that they're funding caleb Maupin RT
washington DC
