executive chairman of Google's parent
company alphabet has vowed to D rank RT
and the News Agency Sputnik in order to
make it harder for the outlets to reach
wider audiences his comments came at a
Security Forum in Canada when asked
about arts his use of Google's Adsense
service I had a subscription for Google
Alerts in German language in getting
them every day out of ten results
between five and ten every day we are
from Sputnik news which is a Russian
German propaganda outlet and when I
clicked on them they were monetarist
with google adsense is it really
necessary to monitor eyes Russian
propaganda outlets with Google Adsense
so we're well aware of this one and we
are working on detecting this kind of
scenario you're describing and again D
ranking the ranking those kinds of sites
it's basically RT and Sputnik are the
two and there's a whole bunch of
coverage about what we're doing there
but we're well aware of it we're trying
to engineer the systems to prevent it we
don't want to ban the sites RT is
editor-in-chief slamming the move saying
Google's own congressional report found
no evidence the channel violated or
manipulated their policies good to have
Google and record as defined all logical
reason facts aren't allowed if they come
from RT because of Russia even though we
have Google on congressional records
saying they found no manipulation of
their platform or policy violations by
RT well under pressure from the US
authorities the tech giant launched an
investigation into alleged Russian
meddling but it found no evidence that
RT manipulated YouTube in any way to get
its status of the most viewed news
network despite that Google dropped us
from its YouTube prime ad list in
America without any immediate notice or
explanation that only came later at a
congressional hearing where the firm was
grilled or naturally why it hadn't
carried out the move sooner mr. Salgado
why did g√ºell Google get preferred
status to Russia today a Russian
propaganda arm on YouTube there was a
period of time where Russia today
qualified really because of
algorithms to participate in a an
advertising program
why didn't you revert our teas preferred
status after the ica came out January
2017 it took you to September of 2017 to
do it
the removal of our tea from the program
was actually a result of as I understand
it is a result of some of the drop in
viewership not as a result of any action
otherwise so there was there was nothing
about our tea or its content that meant
that it stayed interstate out okay again
none of these explanations were
initially given to our channel when we
were dropped from YouTube's prime ad
list in the United States as you heard
the reason given by Google's rep was a
drop in viewership
even though wide channel remains the
most viewed news network on YouTube now
the unprecedented pressure on our
channel began of course after the US
intelligence community mentioned us in
its report and alleged Russian meddling
after that we have faced attacks from
both US authorities and tech giants
aside from Google Twitter has banned all
our adverts on its platform that is
despite earlier offering us the option
of spending millions on political ads
ahead of the presidential election and
of course last week RT America was
forced by the US Justice Department to
register as a foreign agent and we
discussed the pressure our channels been
facing with political commentator Steve
Maltz Berg there's been nothing found in
the whole Russian collusion
investigation so far and there's really
no meat here when it comes to RT and and
and nefarious doings and dealings but
that doesn't stop them this is all about
the fact that Russia is right now the
enemy Russia has been made the enemy by
the left the Democrats and by definition
the media the media has been non-stop
for a year now about evil Russia if they
wanted to concentrate on the real
problem they certainly have every
property
to need to look at what I call
propaganda from the leftist mainstream
news media you could go to outlets in my
opinion like CNN and MSNBC and ABC News
and NBC News and CBS News and you could
find what I consider to be fake news
taking things out of context leaving out
pertinent facts that misrepresent the
stories happens all the time every day I
see it Russia is the corner called
boogeyman right now and this is all part
of that deal
