has been an unsettled start to the week
for Germany it's after talks on forming
a coalition government collapsed
Chancellor Angela Merkel forced to seek
advice from the country's president and
while he advised parties to rethink
their disagreements Merkel herself says
she is ready to head back to the polls
if necessary all parties elected to the
Bundestag have a shared duty to serve
their country I expect from all parties
a willingness to make possible the
formation of a government in the
foreseeable future if new elections come
I should say that's not something I'm
afraid of during the election campaign I
fought for a four-year mandate my point
of view is that new elections would be
the better path the president will now
try to persuade the members of the
failed coalition to rethink their
decision and return to talks our
correspondent Peter Oliver now breaking
down developments the day after the
Bundestag election in September Angela
Merkel said that she was confident that
by Christmas she would have a ruling
coalition government in place we'll fast
forward through weeks of torturous at
times negotiations with the Green Party
and the pro-business Free Democrats and
while the wheels of that coalition have
fell off well and truly with Christian
Lindner of the Free Democrats delivering
the killer blow we will not abandon our
voters for a policy with which we are
not convinced it is better not to govern
than to govern badly ingrained
differences between the parties on key
issues such as climate change refugees
and the budget saw the so called Jamaica
coalition break down
just hours after coalition talks with
the Free Democrats in the Greens
collapsed Angela Merkel was turned down
by another coalition suitor this time
the Social Democrats Martin Schulz
saying there would be no return to a
grand coalition on September the 24th
the grand coalition lost 14% so it's
clear we were shown the red card in view
of the election results we are not
available to join a grand coalition with
that off the table one other option
available to Angela Merkel would be to
rule over a minority government most
likely with the Green Party but a
minority government would be unstable at
best and would certainly require horse
trading on gargantuan proportions with
the other four parties in Parliament if
the government was to well pass anything
more than just time in the chamber it's
also worth noting it this would be a
first in modern German history and
wouldn't exactly fit the profile of the
German voters who do love stability so
where does this leave us the other
option would be we go back to the poles
for fresh elections so back to the poles
we go well step forward German President
Frank voltage Steinmeier it's
predominantly a ceremonial role but when
it comes to installing a government
that's where the German presidency has
executive power it will be up to mr.
Steinmeier
whether he decides that he accepts
Angela Merkel as the head of a minority
government or whether he dissolves
parliament triggering elections and for
the long-serving leader mrs. Merkel that
could well prove to be a storm
she doesn't whether somebody has got to
be responsible for that the federal
chancellor created this situation she's
been in power for what feels like a
hundred years and now she should be
asking herself maybe I have something to
do with this situation
mrs. Merkel has failed it's time for her
now to take a step back
that night the end of the Merkel era
began Europe's biggest economy is
heading into uncharted territory with
current polling suggesting that a new
ballot wouldn't return any results too
different from what we had in September
it does seem that there is no immediate
solution to the current instability
Germany is facing and of course the
implications that has for the wider
European Union Peter Oliver RT Berlin we
talked to various political analysts
about the uncertain future that angular
Merkel is currently facing she's between
a rock and a hard place I mean where is
she going to go her days are numbered
and it's it's becoming more and more
apparent to other observers that her
days are numbered she will probably if
she if they have to go through another
election
I would guess hazard a number something
like 29 to 30 percent is about all that
will do in other words it's she's going
to be an even weaker position than she
is right now I mean ideally the CDU
before they go into election should have
a new candidate and start out with a
fresh face but they're not going to be
able to do that very quickly I was
surprised that she actually called for
fresh elections because I think that she
will lose further I mean I think she's
after prime she should step aside she
hasn't recognized the the call of the
time and some time now or later the
reality will hit her but I think she
should resign she's completely failed
and this is
this is the receipt for it in the end of
Jamaica coalition greens the FDP the CSU
of the CDU was a very very unlikely
construct a very strange construct and
that of course cannot work and we can
see that the country is in some turmoil
here that this is indeed an
unprecedented situation we don't know if
there's going to be new elections but if
they're going to be new elections I'm
pretty certain the the FDP and then
probably also the IFT the opposition
party that came into a parliament was
thirteen point six percent of the votes
will gain because this there's quite a
silent significant part of the
population that's once a change in the
immigration policy so I would be
surprised if we had fresh elections but
Merkel's apparently stated that we are
going to have them
