Google is now working to reduce the
presence of Russian media outlets in its
news feeds and with more details on this
story now we'll cross over to Caleb
Maupin who joins me live from Washington
Caleb what's Google up to well eric
schmidt who is the owner of of alphabet
incorporated which is the parent company
of the tech giant google he was being
interviewed and when he was being
interviewed he was asked about Artie and
Sputnik which the person asking the
question labeled as propaganda now this
is the exchange that went down with the
head of the company that controls Google
I had a subscription for Google alerts
in German language in getting them every
day out of 10 results between 5 and 10
every day where four Sputnik news which
is a Russian German propaganda outlet
and when I clicked on them they were
monetarist with google adsense is it
really necessary to monetize Russian
propaganda outlets with Google Adsense
so so we're well aware of this one and
we are working on detecting this kind of
scenario you're describing and again D
ranking the ranking those kinds of sites
it's basically RT and Sputnik are the
two so as you just heard the head of
Google is saying he doesn't want to ban
these sites but apparently if you search
for stories in your newsfeed
stories from RT and Sputnik will be way
down they will not be coming up in the
top search results and Google seems to
be actively working to make that happen
now our channel has been the focus of a
lot of attention over the past year
Congress has been pressuring different
social media outlets and others to take
action
our American wing RT America was
recently forced to register as a foreign
agent back in October RT have was
removed from Google's premium ad list
and then three weeks later Twitter
started not permitting the purchasing of
ads by RT now we've heard testimony in
Congress from owners of social media
Twitter Facebook and YouTube they
appeared
for Congress and they were grilled about
the impact of russia-related advertising
on the US presidential elections now in
their testimony they seemed to indicate
that the impact of this this
russia-related advertising was quite
minor but apparently this was not enough
this is what was said on Capitol Hill we
determined that the number of accounts
we could link to Russia and that we're
tweeting election related content was
comparatively small aggregate these ads
and posts were a very small fraction of
the overall content on Facebook but any
amount is too much
these videos mostly had low view counts
you failed lack of resources a lack of
commitment and a lack of genuine effort
and that just won't do we could we could
have done more but I think we are doing
more today and have done more similar no
no no we need to do more it's a strategy
same is true okay
calum open there reporting from New York
Arty's editor-in-chief says these
actions contradict any logic good to
have Google on record as defined all
logic and reason facts aren't allowed if
they come from RT because of Russia even
though we have Google on congressional
records saying they found no
manipulation of their platform or policy
violations by RT well let's continue
this discussion and cross live to Dan
Carver like a human rights lawyer
welcome to the program Dan now
Google says it's not looking to ban us
yet doesn't deem ranking our stories
essentially have the same effect yes it
is a form of censorship and the idea is
to lead readers away from RT content and
it will have an impact on the discourse
in this country and by the way might I
mentioned that Google's already started
the process against North American
alternative media sources in August
there was a report that they've already
been D ranking I have a list of maybe 12
different North American alternative
media sources from their rankings and
all of these sources have now reported a
huge decrease in readership and this is
what will happen RT but the point is you
know when they start censoring anyone
they're going to censor everyone and I
think everyone in the US should be
appalled by this and very concerned Dan
hey how can Google justify this
intervention and as Artie's editor in
chief says the tech giant testified in
Congress and they found no manipulation
of their platform or policy violations
by RT so what's the justification there
is no justification I think what you see
has happened is that Google Twitter
Facebook have been pressured by the US
government to try to
essentially find blame on Russia where
there is none and to appear somehow that
they're working with the US government
against Russia and they have bowed to
this pressure and now you have Google
which is really I mean I don't know
anyone who uses anything but Google to
search you know for news and they will
have an impact on freedom of speech and
thought in this country it will be a
negative impact alternative voices on
things especially like Syria Ukraine
which are already frankly crowded out of
the mainstream media will be crowded out
of the internet in social media and I
think that is a shame Danya in your
opinion why do you think RT specifically
is being targeted directly well again
because well there's a few reasons again
one because of this Russia gate scandal
in the US again I think the media
platforms feel like they have to play
along with that even though they haven't
found evidence supporting the Russia
gate allegations but also I do believe
that there is concern in the US
government and the mainstream media of
this alternative narrative about what's
happening in Syria for example about
whether the u.s. is truly fighting
terrorism in in Syria's and claims well
Russia has a different view of that RT
has a different view of that the same
thing in Ukraine the US has been backing
neo-nazis in the Ukraine that isn't
something that the powers that be want
Americans to know and so I think the
attack on RT which has a very different
view of those things is an attack on
those alternative narratives of issues
that are very important to the American
people
okay dan kowolik human rights lawyer
there thanks very much for your views on
this particular
subject Thanks
