tensions of the Middle East have
prompted an emergency meeting in Cairo
of the foreign ministers of Arab League
nations the gathering was convened at
the request of Saudi Arabia which wanted
to discuss Iran and the Iran back to
Lebanese Hezbollah movement we can now
cross live to our correspondent Issa Ali
for more details on this Easter good to
see you now many have been comparing the
political rivalry in the region to a
game of chess so take us through the
latest moves of the main players
so yes the background to this begins
with the latest attempts by Saudi Arabia
to really escalate their attempts to
isolate Iran which they accuse of being
aggressive in the region they say Iran
is supporting a number of local regional
players groups like Lebanon's Hezbollah
and they accused the Iranians of trying
to interfere in Arab affairs and it
really comes against the backdrop of
those rising tensions it comes in the
wake of even even more open admissions
for example by the Israelis and we heard
from the IDF chief-of-staff Guardi isin
cut saying that Israel and Saudi Arabia
were in complete consensus on the issue
of Iran and what they see as the threat
by Iran and also with the Israeli
military figure they're saying that he
was willing to share intelligence and
Israel is willing to share intelligence
with Saudi Arabia which would be
something quite remarkable considering
that that collaboration between the two
sides is now very open and so this
meeting held by the Arab League of
foreign ministers yesterday or was set
up in that light to condemn both Iran
and also Hezbollah here in Lebanon the
silence over the brutal attacks of Iran
through his agents in the region will
not make any Arab capital safe from
ballistic missiles I hope that the
Iranians will change their policies and
that they received a message over Arab
anger
but not every Arab country sent their
foreign minister Iraq center deputy
Qatar unsurprisingly perhaps considering
their tensions with Saudi Arabia they
also didn't send their foreign minister
in fact just recently the Saudi foreign
minister accused cutout of supporting
what he said were terrorist groups and
Lebanon as well the foreign minister
here he didn't go and attend that
meeting either so an indication that
those countries while they don't want to
have any conflict with Saudi Arabia they
also don't want to be coming out and
openly condemning Iran because many of
those countries are now allied with Iran
so not the same page there and of course
the whole spark of this crisis the
resignation of Saad Hariri while he was
in Saudi Arabia
well he's expected to return from Paris
his trip there to Lebanon tomorrow
evening just in time for the Lebanese
Independence Day celebrations he will
meet with the president Michelle I own
and ostensibly confirm his resignation
but there are those who say his children
and his wife who has returned to Saudi
Arabia so how free is he exactly to
operate when his family are still in
Riyadh mmm thanks for that that's not
ISA ISA Ali alive from Lebanon now
analysts and commentators show Mena
juanny believes the rift seen at the
foreign ministers meeting in Cairo will
only deepen in the future the impetus
behind this meeting is a Saudi UAE
desire in particular to isolate Iran
because they're losing thoroughly
throughout the region and not all Arab
countries are on board the big elephant
in the room today is the fact that if
Saudi money wasn't on the table would
these 21mm
now that syria has been sort of
marginalized from the Arab League would
these 21 remaining members even be at
that table or feel that they had to show
up so I think Lebanon and Qatar and
others who have sought not to engage
their their foreign ministers in this
particular meeting is I think a sign of
things to come
because the Arab world is not united on
these issues
