so some of you might have heard Artie
America the network that puts out this
show has been forced to declare itself a
foreign agent because it's funded by
Russia now this has never been done
against a media outlet and in terms of
this show in terms of redacted tonight
as I've noted before I'm an American in
America covering American news for
Americans my my father was in the US
military for 20 years I was born at
Walter Reed Army Hospital I'm descended
from Walter camps the father the
inventor of a murican football seriously
you couldn't be more American than me if
you Uncle Sam with a red white and blue
strap-on shaped like Abraham Lincoln
while singing I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy
all right my bloodstream I've got Toby
Keith naked rubbing apple pie and
Kentucky Bourbon on his nipples
all right and I didn't set out to be on
a Russian funded Network but in my 20
years of doing political stand-up comedy
across this country I found out that the
naughty things I talked about aka the
unvarnished truth are not allowed on all
of the other channels in this great
country if you've taken the red pill and
you're looking for the the undiluted
stone-cold reality about the corporate
state in which we live with no chaser to
even cover the burn you know you got not
even a wedge of lime to suck on if
that's what you're looking for then this
is the channel you turn to I'm sorry
I'm sorry there's just there's just
nothing else out there there are YouTube
channels like the Jimmy Dore show but
that's not a TV channel you shall look
to trust me
I've had the meetings if you show up at
any other TV network and say the
two-party system is a corrupt broken
crapfest owned by Wall Street then the
executives at that channel will look at
you like you just farted into a bullhorn
auto-tuned it and replayed it to them
with Bill Cosby as your hype man a lot
of the shows on Rt America are hosted by
people who were kicked out of the
corporate outlets that because they you
know after they said things that aren't
allowed and when I and I was saying when
I say said things I don't mean like they
accidentally use the word on-air I I
mean they came out against our military
industrial complex or our corporate
state or the the bank owned full
democracy okay Chris Hedges was booted
from the New York Times after coming out
against the Iraq war ed Schultz was
sidelined at MSNBC after speaking up a
lot about the trans-pacific partnership
which was largely considered a global
corporate takeover and he was the only
one talking about it on that network
governor Jesse Ventura had a major news
show with MSNBC set to go jet ready
ready to start before the Iraq war began
but then they found out he's opposed to
war
and this is true they asked him if he
could change his mind on that
excuse us Jessie are you flexible on the
whole let's not kill a million innocent
people under false pretences thing Kenya
can you flippity floppity on that he
said no and they paid him like a million
dollars to get out of his contract they
paid a million dollars just to make him
go away
they were like they're like man I mean
honestly I would love to be that
annoying that's I that's where the real
money is the annoyance money all right
Jesse Jesse I aspire I aspire to be as
much of a nuisance to MSNBC as you were
Mike Papantonio also now on Rt America
called out a major corporate sponsor on
MSNBC's Morning Joe and then Joe
Scarborough went on the air the next day
to apologize to the corporation we're
sorry mr. corporation we didn't mean to
tell the truth about you poisoning
children with arsenic that was supposed
to be our little secret and then of
course there's me I may or may not have
been physically removed from the Fox
News building Fox News it's just a play
of propaganda and it's just add it's
just a festival of ignorance
a lot a lot of those who are really
willing to risk everything to speak out
willing to lose money and jobs to stand
up for the truth we come here to RT
America but being a born-and-bred
American who wants to just make America
a better country that doesn't stop the
assault against us because on this show
we talk about a redacted news that is
not okay for the ruling elite and
therefore so many great
anti-establishment programs must be
branded with a neo McCarthy estate brush
the corporate Odyssey doesn't have any
logical or convincing arguments against
what we're saying so they just attack
where we're saying it as Chris Hedges
put it the ruling elites who grasp that
the reigning ideology of global
corporate capitalism and imperial
expansion no longer has moral or
intellectual credibility have mounted a
campaign to shut down the platforms
given to their critics the attacks
within this campaign include
blacklisting censorship and slandering
dissidents and considering they've done
all of that to us I have one question
what happened to the honey pots they
used to also throw honey pots at
dissidents sexy right sexy ladies who
would try to get you into compromising
position what's addition it gotta say to
get honey pot I am ready to be
compromised the corporate oligarchy
knows they have no solutions for every
one struggling across America look at
Flint Michigan look at Puerto Rico look
at West Virginia we have they have no
answers for the people Chris Hedges said
this ideological collapse in the United
States has transformed those of us who
attacked the corporate state into a
potent threat because the elites no
longer have a plausible counter-argument
they're out of answers if this were
jeopardy
it's like these two people pointing at
that woman and going Russia
now now I don't claim to speak for every
arty America show so instead I'll let
the former director of intelligence
National Intelligence do that for me he
proved arty America is weaponized
propaganda in a report this year which
included such stunning allegations as RT
broadcast hosted and advertised third
party candidate debates for 30 party
candidates the third party candidates
were allowed to speak their mind Jesus
Christ what's next in the Russians
mission to cross America burning Taylor
Swift at the stake if third party
candidates are permitted to speak out
loud what if what if Americans hear them
the analysis continued Arty's reports
often characterize the United States as
a surveillance state and allege
widespread infringement of civil
liberties police brutality and drone use
so the truth but worst of all this is
unforgivable Artie apparently alleged
wall street 3 I don't
where is Artie Koenig nation if there's
greed on Wall Street what's next beer at
a bar but my biggest question is why
didn't that report quote from this show
III I wanna I want to see some dude
wearing like a suit in a congressional
hearing go lis cam says the President of
the United States one Donald Trump he's
a pathetic walrus like pile of fascistic
diarrhea who would qualify as a
psychopath except that psychopath by
definition have an IQ over 70 come on
come on Director of National
Intelligence do a little research all
right rejected tonight is available on
YouTube on Facebook you can see it on
DirecTV Channel 321 we we have a podcast
for free on iTunes and stitcher get on
it but here's but there's why these
baseless attacks that we're facing
actually mean we're doing something
right if you see a show that's being
held up you know promoted by Viacom or
Comcast or Tom time-warner like like
like like Sean Hannity Rachel Maddow
Wolf Blitzer even though the late-night
shows Seth Meyers Jimmy Fallon if
they're proudly promoted on your
mainstream outlets then that's because
they're safe and cuddly for the
corporate state you are not getting the
suppress censored news now I'm not
saying every show even pretends to be
giving you the news I don't I don't mean
you should be sitting at home going why
is it Real Housewives of Orange County
telling me about the the fact that the
ambush in Nazir was blowback for the us
back invasion of Libya
I understand and little big shots little
big shots has really dropped the ball on
the prison industrial complex you gotta
watch yourself girl
so go ahead watch CNN you'll never hear
about the fact that the FCC will be
voting to kill net neutrality in a few
weeks or that facial recognition
scanning is coming to US airports or
that 15,000 scientists just gave a
catastrophic warning about the fate of
the world saying disastrous biodiversity
loss and untold amounts of human misery
will happen soon if we don't act if you
want to learn about the censored stories
turn to us if you want to hear from the
same corporations that destroy your
lives foreclose on your homes profit off
your dying mother and use your tax
dollars to bomb children all of those
other channels are waiting there for you
with open arms you can pick and choose
from them like a buffet of bullsh
companies were watching DC the belly to
be seen here exactly deny
