welcome to Sophie and curl I'm Sophie
Shevardnadze the digital currency
Bitcoin once a toy for computer nerds is
now soaring in price triggering in your
gold rush is it just another bubble or
the glimpse of the radically new
financial future well I asked Rick
falconeer of Bitcoin cash and founder of
the Swedish Pirate Party the new Bitcoin
craze is making people rush into
cryptocurrency investment with the
digital monies skyrocketing value
putting it into the spotlight but aside
from causing a new gold rush Bitcoin is
promising to completely transform the
way we use money what will peer-to-peer
money exchange due to the global banking
system what role will the world's
governments be left with when Bitcoin
goes global and can it overcome its
unstable nature to bring about a radical
financial revolution Rick Fox in yeah
welcome to the show it's really great to
have you on our program now you
predicted bitcoins thousandfold increase
back in 2011 and indeed from one dollar
in February 2011 in a record high of
almost seven thousand eight hundred
eighty dollars last week then had a
plunge and is back up again now why does
it keep growing and is there any price
limit for Bitcoin yes there is a price
limit for Bitcoin and cryptocurrency it
is not it cannot displace more money
than exists in the world so there is an
upper ceiling but that upper ceiling if
you're just regarding Bitcoin as a
commodity on the market which I think it
is like any currency can easily go to 1
million or more per Bitcoin now it's
important to remember that Bitcoin might
not be the final cryptocurrency
cryptocurrency will displace the central
bank money but with social networks we
had 6 degrees which was reflected
replaced by Friendster which was
replaced by MySpace which was replaced
by Facebook so some cryptocurrency is
going to be worth a lot of money which
one well that's a gamble so we're having
this Bitcoin split
without going into too much detail we
have two different versions of Bitcoin
as of now you're the man behind the
Bitcoin cash this is new version of
Bitcoin that was created according to
your organization in response to ears of
mismanagement of the Bitcoin legacy
network is bitcoins decentralized nature
its Achilles heel is it going to keep
splintering because there will always be
someone in the community who will be
unhappy about the way functions the a
key aspect of Bitcoin is that its
permission less you don't need to ask
anybody's permission to do anything and
this is key in the entire community
which is why I decided to publish a
letter where I was chief executive
officer without asking anybody's
permission as a way to illustrate that
we're not asking permission that's just
part of our community the person the
person who's behind Bitcoin cash would
primarily be in a French guy named Emily
sachet who started working on this but
again without asking anybody's
permission now you don't have to buy
bitcoins you can mind them by using a
high-power two processor like the one in
a video cart and the gold rush is on
here in Moscow we already had a video
cart shortage she literally couldn't
find any in stores everybody was buying
them up to furnish Bitcoin mining farms
but can become really make everybody
rich no Bitcoin cannot make everybody
rich Bitcoin right now is a huge wealth
transfer to those who understand who its
implications early on the last wealth
transfer of this magnitude was around
1850 and it was about those who found
oil there's a huge wealth transfer going
on right now where those who used to be
poor nerdy geeky sitting in their mom's
basement if you like are suddenly the
new millionaires and that perhaps more
than anything is going to have a
profound effect on what the future of
our society
looks like because for the last 200 or
so years it was the people who found oil
that decided where money went
who what research was made and when the
geeks and nerds are sitting on that
money and deciding what research gets
made it's not gonna be a better diesel
engine it's gonna be a better solar
panel it's going to be teleportation
it's gonna be space travel I think
that's gonna be one of the more profound
changes happening here a wealth transfer
to an entirely new type of people so can
everyone jump on this bandwagon or is it
too late well it comes and goes I mean
if I can't give financial advice but if
cryptocurrency fulfills it promise and
there is no indication it wouldn't then
the equivalent of one Bitcoin needs to
be in the two to five million dollar
range but at that point it doesn't make
sense to measure it in u.s. dollars
anymore because the US dollar won't have
an any measurable value so it is
absolutely not too late just like it
wasn't too late when Bitcoin was a $3 or
$30 or $300 or $3,000 but this is a very
high volatile instrument this is a
really risky investment and if you're
asking me whether somebody should invest
then the answer is nobody should ever
invest more than being capable of losing
every single last cent of it
Calma Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein says
Bitcoin may be another bubble just like
that of the dot-com and JP Morgan's
changed CEO Jamie Dimon compares
cryptocurrency to the Dutch 17th century
tulip mania don't this man have a point
I mean a bobble forms one there's public
ignorance and with Bitcoin most people
have a vague idea of what it is and how
it works I think that I think you
absolutely have a point that most people
don't really understand what bitcoin is
it is a peer-to-peer electronic money
that means I have a phone here
I can use that phone to transfer money
to a nearby phone or to phone on the
other side of the planet the transfers
instant it is practically free nobody
gets to decide whether I can make that
transaction or not including financial
authorities and that in itself will mean
a financial revolution this is an
extinction-level event for banks banks
will no longer be a necessary middleman
and that's more than anything why I
believe that this is the future of
finance we anonymity makes Bitcoin
obviously very popular but it also
enables crime just remember the in
tourists wanna cry ransomware attack
this may this can potentially make
government's restrict frequent rates
substantially and that was called the
drastic slump in its value do you think
cryptocurrency can partially sacrifice
its anonymity to ward off shady users it
is more traceable than any money that
came before it because every every
single unit of Bitcoin is traceable
through its entire monetary history
through anonymous account but once you
are not d anonymize one account you can
start unraveling where the transactions
go the second part of that question
which which is more interesting is that
governments Bitcoin has a peer-to-peer
currency appear to appear technology
means that there's no middleman
governments have been trying to stop
peer-to-peer technologies since Napster
and they have been as completely
unsuccessful as anybody could possibly
be in that so I don't see them being
able to stop here to be a currency
either which leads me to the last
observation that since there is no
middlemen there is nobody giving
permission when I'm buying a bottle of
water with a credit card somewhere in
the background is a bank giving me
permission
to buy a bottle of water with a credit
card and that is a horrifying thought
because that means that the bank can
also deny me permission to buy a bottle
of water nobody thinks of this but it's
there with Bitcoin this is not true
there is nobody needing to give it
permission in the background there's
nobody who gets to say no to a
transaction no money can be forced
nobody can be seized and here's the big
problem for governments in the future
taxes can no longer be force I get all
the three points that you've if you've
said like before you said it's traceable
with wanna cry we know where the rent
some money is going but the accounts
themselves are anonymous but even we
know that there is an account with
ransom money extorted from ordinary
users in it should we have the ability
to freeze an account and take it back no
I'll show you I mean this is rather you
then here you are working on a new
invention a beautiful convenient
currency and people use it to pay for
child pornography or to order I hate on
someone actually they use the US dollar
for that and yet I never heard somebody
arguing against the existence of the US
dollar with that argument if you're
going on after drugs and narcotics trade
then the US dollar is unparalleled in
use and I never heard that being used as
an argument against the US dollar
well the complete implementation of
cryptocurrency make compulsory taxation
impossible
what happens to real-life government's
then like with will Bitcoin make them
isn't very interesting oh is that what
you're hoping isn't that interesting I I
don't I don't I can't predict that the
changes we are about to see are so
profound when you can no longer just go
in and take somebody's money but the the
worst you can do as a government is to
make them sorry for not giving you
giving them your money you cannot force
it you cannot seize it
the this the changes this is going to
bring are so profound
to society that we're going to see a lot
of governments panicking when they
realize they can no longer just seize
whatever money they want we'll take a
short break right now and when we're
back we'll continue discussing what's
behind the meteoric rise of Bitcoin with
Rick Falkvinge a father founder of the
Swedish Pirate Party and cryptocurrency
evangelist stay with us
and we're back with Rick Fox I'm a
founder of the Swedish Pirate Party and
cryptocurrency
evangelist discussing the future of
Bitcoin welcome back Rick now do you
think the government's can come up with
its own version of blockchain currency
make it traceable registered and ensure
nobody ever evades taxes or fines or
Heights their profit
I know banks are trying those Citigroup
for instance is definitely doing it
right now there are government's trying
there are banks trying there was this
sort of mantra or cliche last year on
year before last that it's not about
Bitcoin it's about the underlying
innovation of Bitcoin called the
blockchain which is a solution to a
really really really hard problem as in
essentially how do you make sure that a
lot of people are agreeing on
everybody's account balances because
there's obviously an interest in
somebody saying that no I have more
money and everybody else needs to not
agree with that governments and banks
don't really think in this way banks
think that they can start a blockchain
technology and then issue more money
down the road governments think that
they can start a blockchain currency and
issue more money down the road but the
whole point of a blockchain technology
is that you are trusting in the
mathematics and not in the issuer in
this way the blockchain
a blockchain currency versus a central
bank currency is a lot like open source
software versus proprietary software
like Apple Mac OS or Microsoft Windows
it took 30 years but in the end pretty
much every single computer web server is
running an open operating system in in
the same way I predict that will go from
proprietary money to open money and
permissionless money like Bitcoin
you know Bitcoin enthusiasts say the
cryptocurrency will eventually replace
all regular currencies become the
world's only money but ket
cryptocurrencies really work for
everyone in the world
I mean internet connection isn't a
permanent thing people in a sri lankan
jungle aren't online all the time for
instance and half of african people
don't even know what a cellphone is to
go online a hundred years ago we asked
but what a what about the send places
there aren't electricity how will you
use an electrical engine then and today
there is electricity in most places and
where there isn't electricity there are
batteries there are some specialized
cases when you go camping when you go
hiking when you go survival training
that you don't have electricity or
internet the way you take for granted
but overall I don't see it as a
long-term concern that you won't have
access to the Internet because we are
just as we speak there's a network of
satellites being planned to put the
internet on every spot on the globe atop
Deutsche Bank strategies says the
current monetary system is too unstable
and prone to high inflation so it's
doomed to fail well cryptocurrency fill
in the vacuum if that is so I mean how
will it change banking I think you're
spot on there the European Central Bank
is printing used to print 80 billion
euros per month
just propping up a gigantic bubble
happening right now it doesn't do that
anymore it just prints 60 billion euros
per month in the US Federal Reserve was
printing trillions of dollars inflating
the money supply we know how this ends
once a government starts printing money
to pay off its own debt the story
doesn't have a happy ending anymore it
just doesn't history is brutal on this
point so cryptocurrency doesn't really
need to replace the US dollar replace
the euro it just needs to survive
while those behemoths collapse under
their own weight and that when it
happens it's gonna go fast
so will they widespread use of
cryptocurrency while promising a new
level of Liberty actually discriminated
older generations I mean it won't be
easy for older folks to get used to this
complicated digital stuff right well it
does it manage them it is complicated it
is too complicated it is it is not
usable enough it is not usable enough at
all and I agree that this has always
been something of a problem that in the
1920s when households were electrified
there was a training curve where older
folks were being shut out from all these
new electrical appliances because they
had to relearn so much when computers
arrived it was the same thing when
smartphones arrived it was the same
thing there's always a problem where a
younger generation needs to take
responsibility for if you like
introducing the elders to the ongoing
changes of society fortunately there's a
you there's usually somebody in every
family who does that but the concern is
absolutely valid the first time Bitcoin
was used to pay for a real service as it
cost a user 10,000 bitcoins to get two
pizzas now the guys were yes I mean 35
million dollars per pizza I wonder if
that man really wishes had cooked at
home
cash is backed by a theoretically gold
or the government's ability to pay dad
where do all this insane values come
from in Bitcoin what's backing a Bitcoin
like any commodity it has value because
of two simple characteristics it is
useful and it is scarce meaning that
there is not an infinite supply of it it
is useful because I can use it to
transfer value to Malaysia on a Sunday
without anybody interfering with that
transmission and it's finite because
there is only ever going to be about 21
million bitcoins
those two things make it valuable not
that it's backed by a government because
it isn't you know it's kind of like gold
there have been many cases of Bitcoin
theft with this leaders latest BTC East
case we have a case of stealing tens of
millions of dollars worth of bitcoins is
it not really safe to keep your
investments and I mean considering that
they hype about its rising value surely
attracts hackers like flies to honey its
Bitcoin has that problem I mean it's
really hard to store your Bitcoin
securely it is a really hard problem
that has not been solved some of the
best solutions involved specialized
hardware they that you keep on your
wrist some some other solutions involve
opening up a laptop and taking out the
wifey circuits making sure it cannot
ever connect to the internet as obi
infiltrated from the outside this is
hard today but it is going to become
usable it these are really hard problems
and everybody in this community knows
that whomever solves it first is going
to become really rich as in insanely
rich and so there's a lot of money being
thrown up that's a good incentive to
stick to the Bitcoin business but you
know what it's not just a hackers that
have a problem there was a famous case
of a wire editor forgetting the pink
coat from his Bitcoin wallet and using a
hackers and even a hypnotist to retrieve
it I know it sounds funny but isn't it a
little harsh and people I mean how can
it's so is it to lose access to
something you own that can't happen to
my wallet or bank account well it
absolutely can happen to your bank
account I asked the people on Cyprus
when their banks accounts were when they
bank savings were confiscated to bail
out the government the government's bank
asked an EP ask any people in say
Argentina or for that matter any person
in South America how safe their bank
holdings are they're not they're just
okay maybe it wasn't a good example but
the whole
and business is still really tied to
whatever Christ is going in the country
but you're saying the advantage of
Bitcoin is that it is not tied to
anything that's going around it in the
world right so how come it's so easy
right access to it something that your
own just getting a ping code just by
forgetting a pin code it is it is data
it is data you can think of it as a file
if you like if that file gets into
somebody else's hands then you lose your
money if the hard drive would that file
on it gets destroyed or corrupted or
just dies then you lose your money which
is why this problem is so hard which is
also why a lot of people are working on
it but Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are
just in their infancy this problem is
beat going to get solved just like every
single technical problem before it that
had so much promise but hadn't yet hit
usability we were there with streaming
video before for ten years before
YouTube hit in 2006 we were there was
blogging for ten years before WordPress
and TypePad hit we were there for about
10 years with file sharing before
Napster hit in 1999 these things take
about 10 years before somebody hits the
right usability key and remember this is
a technology that was devised in 2009
it's possible that if were looking at a
possible mainstream breakthrough around
2019 ten years from then then that the
company founding the company who makes
this breakthrough has not even been
founded yet Rick for all the talk of
being an Internet freedom banner a bit
con isn't entirely independent for
instance we've mentioned the BTC ease
where the u.s. police has recently
seized accounts of its clients and
arrested one of his founders so pressure
can be put on cryptocurrency it can't be
absolutely not to heal they can be it
can be put it can be you cannot point a
gun at a computer to make it give up its
secrets but you can point a gun at the
pewter zoner and make them very sorry
for not giving up that file inside the
computer but this difference that might
seem very small has profound effects
because it means that governments can no
longer just walk in and seize money to
pay people's taxes people have to
actually agree with paying taxes and
that in itself is going to be profound
when governments realize this right Rick
thank you very much for this interesting
insight for this interview or talking to
Rick Falkvinge a CEO of Bitcoin cash
founder of the Swedish Pirate Party and
cryptocurrency evangelist discussing
Bitcoin and the future of Finance that's
it for this edition of Sofia & Co I'll
see you next time
