Germany could be on course for snap
elections after talks on forming a
governing coalition collapsed the leader
of the pro-business Free Democrats party
announced his decision to pull out of
negotiations with the Christian
Democrats and the Greens let's get more
perspective on it right now joined by
former CDU politician maximilian crowd
joining us here on RT international
today good to see you today can you tell
us how has Angela Merkel suddenly found
herself in such an awkward position I
mean she never she never let she just
she's leading from behind and and that's
a tricky thing if you are if you need
partners that are so far away like the
greens and the Liberals are and without
leadership things go their way and now
they have gone the way she doesn't want
so what so that they've gone the way
that she doesn't want we understand now
that it is it accurate that Merkel will
now have to consult with the president
ie what happens next what might he
advise her to do the president in
Germany is a very weak person so the
whole German Constitution was created
because the the lawmakers mistrusted the
people that means the Chancellor is very
powerful and the president has the right
to propose a new transfer to the
Parliament but if the president isn't
doing that and is just waiting for a
long time then murder remains an office
without being reelected by the
Parliament so what Merkel and the
president will discuss today is for what
time the president will wait until he is
going to Parliament and proposes a new
chancellor the longer the president
waits the more time Merkel gets to get a
new coalition formed so what about
Angela Merkel's future as Chancellor we
understand either there might be a snap
election or a minority government being
formed but what are the chances of
Merkel being reelected as Chancellor
the point is the diptych president has
to write even to to call her for next
period if she isn't elected by the
majority of the members of parliament
and the president is a strong ally of
Merkel the point is that Merkel needs a
majority in parliament sooner or later I
don't see any person in her own party
that would challenge her so it is quite
likely as far I mean there's nothing
probable in Germany any more but I would
say it's likely that the Christian
Democrats go into the next election with
her as their first candidate she will
not get a new majority but she can try
again to build up a coalition with the
Social Democrats but I would say what we
what we have reached now is the final
stage of Merkel's chancellorship but I
can't tell you how long this final stage
will lost it can last three months but
it can last three years but you can be
sure that he won't see Merkel in charge
by the year 2020 2021 well I mean as you
say as you say Angela Merkel we said a
moment ago that Angela Merkel is leading
from behind but you also say that the
future for her does not look very good
what are some of the issues that may
have fractured some of the support
within her party it is the migrant issue
perhaps one of them of course the
margarin issue is the main issue in the
whole of Germany whenever you go into
private discussions that's the issue but
it is lying on the US a political
correctness prevents the German public
to debate it openly that means the
migrant crisis is like an elephant in
the room there is an elephant in the
room and everyone talks about how the
wine is tasting so even if you if you
read the Declaration of the Liberals
when they broke up the coalition talks
yesterday night the the migrant crisis
was just one word among a lot of others
but no one believes that they broke up
because they debate on on
industry 4.0 or on digital digital
industry so migrant crisis is that main
issue but there are of course some
others that pop up now first is euro
currency Germany has spent billions of
Euro to the southern countries which
will Germany never see back next is
energy Merkel has realized a green plan
to go out of traditional energy and go
into renewables which doesn't work and
makes energy very expensive but this is
not these are issues that did have
impact but the migrant crisis is is more
than 50% well I will be keeping our eyes
on the latest political developments
coming out of Germany today former CDU
politician maximilian crass
thank you very much really interesting
comments from you thanks for your time
thank you
