hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
RT America was required to register as a
foreign agent
I have prominent media outlets and civil
liberties groups been largely silent
also making sense of Saudi and Lebanese
politics and that American footprint in
Syria
crosstalking some real news i'm joined
by my guest mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have Victor 11 he is a
political analyst as well as a leading
expert at the center for actual politics
and we have Samira Khan she is an RT
international correspondent based in
Washington DC
all right crosstalk rules in effect that
means you can jump in anytime you want
and I always appreciate it Samir let me
go to you first because you're a RT
International correspondent which you're
based in Washington DC
what is your reaction to this whole fara
episode I would say far a farce when it
comes to free speech well as you can see
the conservative and liberal free speech
warriors are totally silent and and it's
bipartisan Russia hysteria in this
current political climate we think that
it's just liberals horse viewing
anti-russia rhetoric but unfortunately
that's not true this anti-russia
sentiment is deeply embedded in u.s.
political discourse be attacked because
of that it's damaging free speech I
think we have this this is the
weaponization and normalization of
censorship in the media and it's it's
not the end of something it's the
beginning of something better of course
look at the situation in the United
States right now you can go into a large
book store and buy mine comforter you
can write leftist rightist you can write
radical extremist books and you can read
them freely but for some reason you can
you cannot watch or read RT and and not
be labeled you know a sympathizer of
Russia and now if you go and give an
interview to Archie you're going to be
put on a list of people who who give
interview stuff for an agent and now if
you Artie has to actually register with
far he has to register as a foreign
agent even though you know BBC doesn't
have to register as a foreign agent al
Jazeera doesn't have to the Chinese news
channel doesn't have to but Archie does
and and you know some agencies religious
boutique that help with its work also do
I'm sure sporting will have to go
through register eventually too so
why is this having does the American
government actually believe that Archie
Sputnik and other Russian news outlets
are actually more dangerous than than
Nazi war or other rhetoric why does it
believe that because Archie Sputnik and
other Russian music outlets provide
provide news that the mainstream media
in the United States refuses to give to
the American because you have the
political elite and you have media
elites that just don't want they don't
have they no longer have any counter
arguments to narratives that you hear on
this television station yeah far is a
it's an old law dates back to 1938 it
was originally meant to stop fascist
Nazi propaganda in the United States it
has been very sparsely and only very
selectively applied and almost never to
abroad media stations but it has always
been political and this is the most
political we've seen yet
there are numerous state broadcasters in
the United States the Wahhabist despot
of Qatar that sponsors Isis and al-qaeda
they're allowed to have al Jazeera Al
Jazeera doesn't have a branch in the
United States anymore but that hasn't
stopped them from from broadcasting in
the United States the British government
has BBC the United States has its own
Voice of America Radio Free Liberty
current time TV you know all over the
world this is targeting specifically
Russian media and it has to be said that
while RT International does present a
Russian world view just as Chinese TV
presents in Russia no BBC US state media
presents a u.s. Robo RT America it
doesn't even really it simply gives a
platform to mostly American leftist
progressives and some libertarians
prevent the wrong view and that's the
danger rush RT does exactly back to to
the West what its own media has longed
into Russia
it gives alternative fringe voices a
platform to criticize their own
governments that they wouldn't have in
their own media and that's it that's it
in the this this useful idiots argument
I think is what's most damaging to the
media environment in the United States
because if you can selectively take a
law that has very rarely been a
applied and apply it very specifically
very politically motivated it says a lot
about what freedom of speech is really
about if you don't follow certain
narratives you will be completely shut
out there is no more arguments my way or
the highway
especially if you're critiquing US
imperialism and NATO expansion and
that's definitely what a lot of the
guests who have been dubbed useful
idiots do yeah absolutely like I mean
libertarians like Ron Paul they're left
just like max Blumenthal how many how
many chances do they have on corporate
media to speak out against especially
those topics that when they have pre
interviews as well something that RT
doesn't do we don't do pre interviews
here um what is the I mean this is such
a chilling effect that is going on in
the United States you know this name and
shame you mentioned lists here but it's
the certain logic dictate that if you
start with one media organization it can
be applied to everybody else eventually
and then we have the tech companies on
top the tech giants that are actually
getting on board here with their new
algorithm and disappearing people and
sites in plain and plain daylight here I
mean the precedent here is something
that should be worrying everyone of
course in a way it's a test that's being
played that with Archie and Sputnik
right now
because the American government wants to
see how it can shut them down in a way
that will attract the least attention of
celebrities organizations and then if
Washington's relations will say Beijing
or some other countries deteriorate
similar things will happen with Chinese
or with other international broadcasting
stations so they will apply for first
its RT Sputnik then they will go go
further and as far as the tech giant's
you know the tech giants are so reliant
on US government help and it's sometimes
it's funding some of their projects
sometimes it's using military bases to
conduct certain experiments in certain
other technological feats sometimes it's
using US government transportation and
other perks
they're so reliant on the US government
that they really cannot
stand as an independent voice and they
cannot say no they're being told to do
this and they do it mark but doesn't
this at some point in time affect their
bottom line I mean this is one of the
great things about the Internet is that
people can choose I've said many times
in this program and I will say it again
no one is forced to watch the program
that we're sitting in right now the
government now decides what your choices
are going to be I can't see how in a
longer run well that's a good idea
look what twitter did with the Podesta
people during the election here I mean
this is gross interference let's be
clear about what the government and
these tech giant's are now doing they
are now deciding what is journalism and
they are not only that with the Capitol
yeah particularly Twitter and Facebook
but but also the government they're
dictating ideology they're now in the
ideology business they're deciding what
views can and can't be shown and Twitter
has started mass removing people that a
lot of them I'm not particular fan zuv
but it never stops there and where where
will it go next we saw with Farah when
it was there was testimony and support
the people driving this think tanks like
the Atlantic Council right this European
values think tank the useless idiots
with this list of useful idiots I'm glad
to be at least useful they did actually
put your name Jimmy Carter testified
that the purpose of this is not so much
to affect the viewers alright they're
not going to stop you from watching
because we're labeled a foreign agent in
fact it might increase our popularity
might increase our street cred as
critique of the US but it's meant to
stop credible guests from appearing on
it's meant to scare them to threaten
potential journalists saying you will
never have a career if you work for RT
or analysts and politicians saying
you'll be blacklisted we'll name and
chilling Gillian will make adverts
against you that a chilling effect and
what these
tech giants are doing is is they're
being pushed and now that there they're
moving eagerly to you know cover their
own interests are pursuing this along
the same line and it has to be said that
the media rather than raising a voice in
opposition to this their their
cheerleading along there's some of the
people like Anne Applebaum and others
driving this because it threatens their
narrative
it starts with Artie and then we'll have
other Russian and other state
broadcasters but the next target and
they've already been identified by these
same thing tanks as useful idiots alt
media alters own counterpunch consortium
what are the saddest thing to take away
from all this is that I would say one of
the foundations of Western culture that
it provides the world is a marketplace
of ideas in that what you have is the
West doing it during the Soviet Union
the Soviet government didn't want
foreign news to be heard by Soviet
citizens but that's exactly what's
happening in the United States right now
and I would say in the Western world
they want to shut out the outside and
alternative use civil liberties groups
the mainstream media that they're all
silent on this where's the AC oh yeah
this is an infringement on free speech
of free speech the First Amendment based
on what the idea that Russia supposedly
hacked the election that's the
foundation of all of this which we have
here and a half later no evident York
said earlier is this absolutely right I
mean if you look at RT America where you
work in Washington there isn't all that
much coverage of Russia it is really a
critique of narratives about the West
that it has about itself their own
liberal progressive viewpoint and this
is that this is what's most dangerous to
them they're going after liberals and
progressives but liberals and
progressives won't come to defense of
the station not many real danger of the
closing of the single closing of the
American
is that those views that Artie and other
stations provide to the American
audience they're going to be shut down
and instead of being able to to express
them these people are going to get more
and more angry at being shut down but
their views are not gonna go we waiting
there's nothing we're not going to go
away either where you go to a short
break and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on some real
news stay with Artie
okay let's move on to the mysteries and
paradoxes of Lebanese and Saudi politics
I mean for me it's just fascinating
because it's so multifaceted in there's
there's there's so much to look at
depending on what issue that you want to
focus in on but one thing is for sure
there's something going on in the Middle
East right now and it's not the birth
pangs of democracy if we remember
Condoleezza Rice Markovitz some bullet
points at least it's a big topic yeah
sorry Arabia is involved in so many
problems and conspiracies from their
invasion and starvation mass starvation
and Emin right now with Western and and
and other Gulf Cooperation backing their
their their failed regime change
operations in Syria the mess they've
helped create in Libya now they're going
a step further and they've stepped
further into Lebanese politics by many
even Western mainstream accounts
supposedly the Lebanese Prime Minister
who is is a pro u.s. Lebanese Prime
Minister and pro Saudi and pro Saudi has
essentially been kidnapped by the new
Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia and it has
been held as far as any Italian his
friends by now he's he's he was on his
way to France what we'll see what the
verdict is out of that what once he's
allowed to speak freely in France but
it's it's presumed that that Saudi
Arabia having failed in Syria and
elsewhere is trying to confront Iran in
Lebanon and they want to take on
Hezbollah a militant group that they
fought the Israeli army and armed with
the same US 2006 right to a standstill
and Saudi Arabia does not have the
professional capable military that
Israel does so I'm not sure that
Hezbollah is a pick that they want well
the way I look at it here if I could
just use a different analogy here I mean
if we go through with the according to
the Saudi position a catastrophe in Iraq
is Hastur see in Syria a catastrophe in
Yemen
okay and they want to throw the dice one
more time you know one of the
fascinating things looking at Western
media coverage of this is that the crown
prince is a really it looks it looks
like one of the most amazing incredible
shakedown operations in history
give me 70% of your wealth mr.
billionaire oligarch and I'll let you
free but that's extortion here but this
is you know there are those voices in
Western media that are saying this man's
a reformer okay as I saw in another
channel but you know what Saudi Arabia's
surrounded by problems problems it
created for itself
go ahead well the Western media they
always fail to acknowledge that Saudi
Arabia is not a monolithic entity and
that's how they portrayed us that this
is a basically a dual dictatorship with
a countervailing interests between the
Wahhabi clergy and the monarchy and
that's important to understand before
determining its foreign policy and and
predicting its foreign policy so that's
definitely what you know it's I heard
this term moderate Islam coming out of
Riyadh whoa that kind of shook me and my
boots there okay that's something you
know that begs something I mean is that
what Western ears and eyes want to hear
and see because what I saw that I was
not be convinced to say the least Viktor
look a lot more like a geopolitical
Ebola epidemic in the Middle East and
essentially the last administration the
Obama administration wanted to position
Saudi Arabia and Iran against each other
but and and control the Middle East that
way yeah the Trump administration has a
different take on it they want to
empower Saudi Arabia a lot more they
wanted to go back to the traditional
American foreign policy of supporting
the Gulf monarchies against against Iran
and of course Saudi Arabia it doesn't
have an army that's able it doesn't even
have an army that's able to fight Yemen
successfully much less Iran the poorest
country exactly so what does and
even though it even has some allies in
the Yemen even with that it can't it
can't win there right so so and so the
rillette realizes this so what they want
to do is they want to use the regional
allies like Israel even though they
don't want to say it out loud and they
want to use the United States to get us
help to to pressure Iran and to get Iran
so let me get this straight here because
of this
pathological view of Iran held by the
American political elites is it the
basically basically give the new Crown
Prince soon to be king a complete blank
cheque as long as he goes after Iran
that is just horrific Lee Child ashan
dangerous but this this this new Crown
Prince so he's conducting this bloody
purge at this point he's arrested and
killed some of them a dozen members of
the royal family to cellent he cement
his ascension to the throne after his
father and some 50 ministers previous
ministers he's had under half arrests at
least a couple of them have been killed
in the arrest process and if you were in
the Ritz
yeah the writ the Carlton Ritz has been
turned in Riyadh has been turned into a
royal prison never hats prison
I guess if you've got to be in prison by
a monarchy but there's worse places and
then the wrists but this alliance
between Saudi and Israel they're trying
to draw the us back to enforce direct
military hegemony over the Middle East
that was interrupted when the u.s.
invaded Iraq in 2003 and upset the
balance that existed allowed Iran the
influence exert influence over an
increasingly Shia Iraq their failed
intervention in Syria has only
strengthened Iranian influence in Syria
and Lebanon with Hezbollah and and
they've created this Shia arc that they
were so petrified about by their own
attempt that's it's the worst case I
mean we go from us
but of course it's Russia the u.s. is so
up against Iran the main reason for its
self-confident confrontation with Iran
is that Iran is a power that does not is
not subdued by US interests that knows
its own international interests and
pursues them with everything it's good
and it's not scared of the United States
and that's what scares the United States
what I think is very interesting is that
you know Iran is the world's greatest
exporter of terrorism that's what you
hear in Western media you know what the
reality is of course it has interests in
the region but the reality is compared
to Saudi Arabia the less Iran does the
better for it because it watches it's
its enemies in the Gulf commit one
blunder after another and you know if
you this this unofficial alliance
between Israel and Saudi Arabia those
are if you look at the track records of
both countries in the region I wouldn't
be putting my marker on that
relationship
well if you look at going off of what he
said from 1953 up until 1979 the u.s.
wasn't all anti Iran was it because the
Shah was essentially a u.s. puppet so
it's amazing how things can change you
mark I can't see anything good coming
out of this I mean you know what I I'm
trained as a historian you know when the
the the French before the Revolution
started trying to reform they had a
revolution when Russia was reforming and
had a real revolution when the Soviet
Union was reforming it had essentially a
revolution and that now we have Saudi
Arabia I don't have much confidence for
the region considering the constellation
of force yeah I don't even know much
confidence for the House of Saud because
they say everything to ensure that they
themselves collapse at this point and
you know whatever they argue one of the
arguments is may I came across this in
Western media is that the crown prince
is true was demonstrating that Saudi
Arabia's could to be a good foreign
investment
are you so you take mut you take tens of
billions of dollars away from people
illegally without any law and you want
to invest your money really that's
exactly what they want though because
the reason they Harold this guy is a
reformer all right and and a bloody coup
and purge is portrayed in the Western
media as courageous liberal reforms is
that next week there's going to be a new
king in surgery right and and the new
king needs to suppress those who were in
possible opposition to him that's what
he did and everything else is nice PR
for him that that's done not just at the
behest of the Saudis but also the
because of American yeah that's one of
the most amazing things there is marks
hit the nail on the head here is that
all of this is going on we have arrests
we have executions we have property
being seized and this is being painted
as liberalism in the Arab way as far as
the conditions in there it's you know
there's another prison that used to have
similar thing in the hague it was called
the here the Hilton well it's got the
nice PR but people like new Moshe rich
and others died there and they're quite
mysterious circumstances before their
tiles were even fish sorry I won't
overestimate the niceness oh that's
right what are the interesting things
there is something I think Western media
is overlooked is that this is rather
rare of the the the House of Saud going
after its own because we usually have
protections you'll never go to prison
you'll never be under a rescue and never
be more consensus yeah and you can be
kind of pushed aside you know another
thing that's very interesting if you
look at the people have been
dispossessed or in the process of being
dispossessed they own media assets and
in the Middle East and in the Western
world the crown prince wants to grab
those for himself to be able to control
the narrative I suppose the crown prince
is learning a lot from American media
okay you know when you had concentrated
and being able to control the narrative
your mark last minute yeah when they
what why they Herald him as a reformer
there's so much excitement about him is
because he and here he listens to Neil
liberals and they hope that he is going
to privatize a lot of state Saudi assets
at least partials of it like a Ramco
because they need this actual company
they want to buy into Saudi control of
oil and other natural resources the
Middle East that's why they're so
excited about him is because he's a
neoliberal and he listens to neo
liberals and aside from that on the
foreign policy angle the neo cons in the
US are all too eager to do what he wants
and bring the u.s. back directly into
these wars in the Middle East
insert finally to finally finally target
Iran after all to to finally create so
much Imperial overstretched that the US
military empire overseas collapses under
its own weight and blowback that's the
way they look at it here at Roger anyway
hey Mark you always done a very
interesting point that's all the time we
have here many thanks to my guests here
in Moscow and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk fools
