the continued saudi-led blockade of the
yemeni town of who data now provoking
mass protests demonstrators marched
through the town carrying banners
accusing Riyadh and its allies of
genocide it's now more than two years
since the saudi-led incursion in the
country supporting the ousted president
against who the opposition fighters it
events have taken a turn recently when
Houthi militias fired a missile towards
the Saudi capital here's a reminder of
what happened afterwards the day after
the missile launched the Saudi coalition
closed all air sea and land routes
tightening an already-existing blockade
but under pressure from humanitarian
organizations it was partially lifted
however the UN and aid groups still say
that is not enough to improve the dire
situation in that country we spoke to
the communications coordinator over the
Red Cross in Yemen who says time is
running out unfortunately it's far from
being enough I think it's a common Lola
G when people look at Yemen we know that
2/3 of the population they are in the
north and the lifted blockade even if we
see it as a good gesture at the end of
the day just lifting from one side of
the country and not taken into
consideration the other side we believe
that this is not enough and we need to
have full access to the country the Red
Cross is now warning that a million
people are at risk of a renewed cholera
outbreak this comes after the clean
water supplies to three cities were
severed
actually I'm here since already one year
and I can tell you I could see the
situation deteriorates every day more
and more the public health system is
almost collapsing the water and sewage
system is having the same thing people
are not getting the most basic things
like having bread or having cooking gas
to make something to eat and to put on
the table the two years and a half
almost of this conflict is really
bringing a lot on Yemenis ins the
civilian population of the day to day
