France is grappling with a surge in
police suicides more than 40 officers
have taken their own lives this year
alone the added stress of all the terror
related incidents in the country is
thought to be partly to blame and
Artie's sharla Dubinski spoke to one
officer who made two attempts on her own
life I was considered a troublemaker I
also had problems in my private life and
with my children I felt abandoned you
spend your entire life to build your
personal and professional life and one
day you say to yourself everything would
be better without me surely not her real
name is an officer with more than two
decades of experience having joined the
police at 19 she was very motivated and
excited about the job but years later
the pressure of her work drove her to
two suicide attempts the latest just
seven months ago our administration is
taking decisions and the people's anger
is turning against us we are suffering
from the image our government created
for us today many people are calling for
policemen to be killed the most
important mission of the French police
today is preventing terror attacks yet
the officers themselves have become the
primary targets of jihadists
how much of an impact has the threat of
terrorism had on the police we suffered
enormous ly physically and
psychologically from the terror attacks
we worked extremely hard but that was
our duty what was really bad is that we
were not given the tools to fight with
terrorism some policemen received new
weapons some received training but not
all of us the measures that they have
introduced were minuscule O'Hurley tells
me the suicides amongst police should by
no means be interpreted as isolated
cases they always say that these are
personal issues we must stop saying that
police some of the hurts traumatized by
their work they decide to commit suicide
more easily than the others why not
because they have weapons on them how
many of them hang themselves throw
themselves under trains take pills my
female colleague 49 years old killed
herself last week with a hunting rifle
Holly is one of the lucky ones dozens of
others have succumbed the extreme
pressures they face she says there was
only one reason why she pulled through
and that was her children I realized
that my child will come home that day
and it saved my life but the lack of
humanity in police nowadays leads to the
situation when many of my colleagues
prefer to die instead of fighting
Charlotte Dubinsky RT T on Boone France
