an American animal rights activist who
was jailed for releasing thousands of
animals from a fur farm is pushing for
changes to laws on defending animal
welfare Kevin Johnson was locked up for
three years on charges which included
terrorism he talked us through what he
did and why 2013 a close friend of mine
Tyler Lang and I entered the East Fork
mink ranch in northern Illinois for 36
years this is a facility that was
imprisoning and killing mink killing
children within the sight and smell of
their mothers all for fashion and so we
entered the facility we opened all the
cages in the facility to free 2,000 mink
and save their lives and we painted the
words liberation is love on a barn to
demonstrate that we weren't trying to
threaten anybody we were trying to have
a message of compassion when we were
arrested we were sentenced under state
law for possession of burglary tools we
were already doing time for the crime in
Illinois State and the federal
government intervened to indict us under
this terrorism legislation you know
which ended up being a nightmare and I
was in prison for three years the
controversial law under which Kevin was
jailed was passed back in 2006
it bans action that damages or
interferes with any organization that
deals with animals now if an individual
causes more than a hundred thousand
dollars worth of damage they can face up
to ten years in prison
Kevin gave us his views on being treated
as a terrorist court essentially found
was that the government is permitted to
apply the label terrorism to virtually
any activity that it doesn't like in
this instance the court said it was not
quote utterly unreasonable so that's
their standard for determining whether
the government can call something
terrorism and use always something you
worry about with employers landlords
it's a serious thing even if people look
at it and they say that's kind of silly
whatever at the same time they take
pause which was the entire purpose of
the federal government when they passed
the law even if people look at it and
say well that's silly
they still take pause people are nervous
I think that it's incredibly cynical for
legislators to try to use the rhetoric
of terrorism you know in order to
essentially repress activists on behalf
of industry and finance
you know terrorism we all know we've all
experienced it in this country
sadly terrorism is the killing of
civilians in order to intimidate their
populations you know it's it's a
desecration of the of the victims of
terrorist attacks and you know an
affront to the concept of what terrorism
is
