a new report by a pentagon watchdog
suggests US forces in Afghanistan do not
intervene in cases of child sex abuse
thought to be widespread in parts of the
country yet American troops are
apparently actually prevented from being
able to do anything about it at night we
can hear them screaming but we are not
allowed to do anything about it
my son said that his officers told him
to look the other way because it's their
culture the report added that US
soldiers who raised concerns were told
that nothing could be done as it is an
internal issue for Afghanistan well one
of the most common instances of abuse is
known as bacha bazi or boy play you can
head to our website for a documentary on
this our disturbing issue for now a
preview
we got into any sick
what it may roughly focus it six motion
a cheese sauce vinegar last thing we
spoke to former US diplomat Jim Jairus
he thinks the Pentagon's response
suggests quote moral bankruptcy it
really does make you ask the question is
that why Americans are fighting and
risking their lives in Afghanistan to
make the world safe for pedophilia we
can't say anything about not only child
abuse in Afghanistan but the stoning
women and honor killings in Afghanistan
let's remember that at Afghanistan
during the Soviet period in the pre
Soviet period there was a lot of
liberation of women during that time
which has put a stop to
now that our friends the Mujahideen have
come to power but we have to respect
their sovereignty on the other hand in
countries like say Serbia we pressure
them to have gay rights parades and all
sorts of things that as a sovereign
matter they don't want to have but we're
more than happy to push a very perverse
human rights agenda on them so of course
we are we're respectful of sovereignty
when we feel like it and we run out over
it roughshod when we don't feel like it
