a deadlock is continuing at the UN
Security Council over whether to extend
a chemical weapons investigation in
Syria Russia has just vetoed a draft
resolution put forward by Japan Kaylee
Maupin is in New York following these
discussions tell a bit of a deja vu I
guess here just 24 hours ago a similar
situation similar results I guess yes
now Japan had brought forward a
resolution to the Security Council that
would have extended the work of the
infect investigative mechanism of the
organization for prohibition of chemical
weapons in Syria it would have extended
their investigation for another 30 days
however the vote was taken Russia and
Bolivia voted against it and because
Russia is a member a permanent member of
the Security Council and a founder of
the Security Council they they block the
resolution now not surprisingly nikki
Haley then took to the floor and blasted
against Russia this is nikki Haley as we
have long suspected Russia does not now
and has never had any intention of
making this time productive for this
council and the international community
Russia's veto its second in 24 hours
shows us that Russia has no interest in
finding common ground with the rest of
this council to save the gym indeed from
the very beginning Russia has not
negotiated with any of us
Russia has just dictated and demanded
now when she was speaking on Thursday
nikki Haley said that she had reached
out to to Russia and was unable to talk
to them about negotiating a resolution
that was agreeable to both the United
States and Russia she made this claim on
the floor of the Security Council
however earlier on Friday we actually
heard from russia's Foreign Minister
Sergey Lavrov he says that what she's
saying is simply inaccurate that she she
was not reaching out to the Russian
Foreign Ministry to the Russian mission
to the UN she was simply not doing that
this is russia's Foreign Minister Sergey
Lavrov and then a response to his
comments from Heather nowart of the US
State Department no it was too
miss hailey the US ambassador to the
United Nations has claimed that all her
recent attempts to reach our
representative a Celina Ben Z to discuss
a common text for a draft resolution
have failed that's a total lie I guess
it means we have a new phenomenon in
international relations not only do we
have fake news we also now have fake
diplomacy shoe frequent words another
matter where you know a world leader a
top official will say something that's
outrageous
ridiculous and try to get us to comment
on it I'm not going to comment on that
now at this point you know we are all
looking back on the meeting that
happened on Thursday now that was a
heated meeting in the halls of the UN
Security Council a lot of harsh
allegations were leveled against Russia
as well as against Bolivia and then in
response we heard some angry words from
Russia and from Bolivia in response to
accusations so it was quite a heated
meeting that took place Thursday in the
UN Security Council chamber when it came
to debate about investigating chemical
weapons in Syria now this is a highlight
these are just a few highlights from
that rather heated meeting that took
place on Thursday
Russia has acted to obstruct these
investigations public Russia is being
blamed for everything as usual Russia
had hoped to bury the truth of
originally are trying to disparage our
country Russia has played games Russia
is not playing games you are trying to
play games with us
Russia wants a mechanism but not an
independent one reproduce to input
protest against this blatant
unprofessionalism Russia has killed the
joint investigative mechanism October
goal she voted against Russia's draft
resolution are responsible for the fact
that the joint investigative mechanism
will stop operating now Russia has made
clear since the beginning of this debate
that they are in favor of continuing to
investigate chemical weapons in Syria
they just don't approve of the sloppy
manner in which the OPCW has been
conducting their recent investigations
they blamed an entire government the
Syrian Arab Republic without specifying
which individuals they allege carried
out the attack
they relied on NGOs and third-party
bodies third-party sources that are
questionable credibility linked to
terrorist groups and such they never
actually visited the site and can shake
une where the chemical attack has Russia
has argued that if they are going to
prolong the work of the of the OPCW
joint investigative mechanism that it
needs to be cleaned up and it needs to
be done in a more professional manner
now at this point the resolution from
Japan hoping to extend the OPCW
investigation for just one month has
been defeated Russia and Bolivia voted
against it and it it is no longer in
debate it has been voted down so at the
moment the mandate of the OPCW
investigation in Syria is expiry it
remains expired it expired at midnight
on Thursday and it has not been extended
mmm the third resolution stood down or
voted down in just 24 hours I will see
if there's any more on how that pans out
Kayla Maupin across the story there in
New York
