a month-long battle raging between armed
groups in the Libyan capital has now
resulted in 115 deaths that's according
to local health officials the ìletís
fighting began in late August with two
major armed groups facing off against
each other now both of them are aligned
to the government in Tripoli which is
recognized by most Western powers Libya
though also has a separate rifle
administration based in the east of the
country and over the past few weeks
houses have been shelled and vehicles
torched throughout a large area in the
southwest of Tripoli while power
supplies have also been shot down now a
former deputy prime minister of Libya
told RT the conflicts being driven by
interference from foreign powers and
domestic ones and mustafa abushagur de
was a guest on our sophia & co program
now you can all watch the full program
in about 20 minutes time for now though
his a preview it is a very challenging
situation because of the militias and
who they took over every part of the
country I mean I mean they are the east
air of the West the south they're
everywhere and these militias they are
getting support from internally and also
from the outside clearly they for if the
foreign intervention have to stop to
stop supporting these militias there
should be insisting on on on the
stabilization of the country because
reott is in the best interest of
everybody so the government itself does
not have much power it has one power in
its hand which is the power of money and
well and and these are the ones which
really kind of used over the last three
years almost almost three years now to
protect itself because unfortunately the
government submitted its well to the
militias and that's what the problem is
you
