hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
recent events coming out of Saudi Arabia
are truly stunning Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman is said to be a reformer and
on an anti-corruption Drive others say
differently Saudi Arabia is experiencing
a life-threatening crisis that could
ignite a region-wide conflict and the
Trump administration appears to be on
board
crosstalking Saudi Arabia I'm joined by
my guest Martin Jay in Beirut he is a
freelance broadcast journalist also in
Beirut we have alum Shibuya he is a
political analyst and in Washington we
have Joe McLaren he is a policy analyst
at the Arab Center Washington DC
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in
anytime you want and I always appreciate
it Martin let me go to you first in
Beirut there are so many elements of
what's going on with the story
domestically in Saudi Arabia and of
course across the region particularly in
Lebanon which of course always includes
Iran if you could for our audience
because it's not getting a lot of
airtime because of domestic politics in
the US and the UK how would you sum up
what's actually going on in Saudi Arabia
and in the region go ahead Martin what
the both there's a link with between
both of them I mean Saudi Arabia is
basically getting ready for a new king
to take the throne and now this Mohammed
bin sum and the new crown prince who has
been installed in that position by
Israel and America and is very insecure
about his position are very insecure but
the future so he's created a sort of
anti-corruption purge which no one
really believes and is basically wiping
out all the opposition anybody who's a
rival to him anybody who could question
him or doubt him and give him problems
in the future but concurrent of that
what we've seen the last few weeks is is
a more attacks on the Saudi capital from
Yemen which is linked to the whole
Hariri thing and basically a massive
fuse blowing in Riyadh where this this
entourage of people around have been
someone who basically said our man in
Lebanon mister hurry is not doing enough
for us he really hasn't done anything
for us in the last year in terms of
rebalancing this power balance that we
have in the Middle East between on one
side Saudi Arabia and all the Western
and Gulf Arab countries on the other
side Iran and its affiliates basically
Saudi Arabia has lost so much in the
last five years that for this new Saudi
prince to come into power he needs to
feel as though he's making a statement
he needs to send her a message to Iran
but he also is sort of holding out a
hand to Hezbollah via Hariri to say
can't you just give us a little bit back
to show a little bit humility we lost so
much in Syria we lost so much in Yemen
we've made fools of ourselves that's
cancer but let me go to judges that
helped but politics works in the in the
Middle East I mean give me something no
I don't think it works that way
I mean Saudi foreign policy has been
nothing less than a catastrophe over the
last few years I mean and then going
back in and meddling in in Lebanon
trying to rebalance and whatever that
means it's up to the Lebanese people to
do that what is in your mind what is
going on in Saudi Arabia go ahead Joe in
Washington I mean obviously it's there's
an attempt to grab power the Saudi
position became very complicated a lot
of princes a lot of branches inside the
ruling family that wants to control and
obviously he wants to conciliate power
since he came he's on a fast track he's
he's making people worry whether in
Washington or other capitals around the
world and this is not only impacting of
course Saudi internal dynamics is having
impact on on Lebanon on Yemen or Qatar
we so so so there's a way there's a
little bit of accumulation of crisis and
that sense and for that reason I see the
what's happening inside Lebanon is
mostly linked to Saudi politics right
and and and and this is the scary part
in that sense okay well
aleem if I go to you also in Beirut I
mean if the the crown prince wants to
make a big splash if I can use that term
well he's really it's all completely
backfired on him in in Lebanon I mean
instead of seating division and you've
actually seen unity and even quite a few
Western players are a bit frustrated
that you know the Saudi Arabia is a
destabilizing Lebanon and that's not a
it's not very difficult to destabilize
Lebanon Lebanon is a very fragile place
go ahead in Beirut yep well I'll just
add to what the guest said before about
Crump Prince bin Salman is that yes on
the one hand he is trying to capitalize
power prior to
taking on the throne of the Saudi
Kingdom but at the same time he's kind
of tapping into some reforms that have
gotten a bit of positive review
internally and also externally so he's
using that perhaps for example beside
the issue of the entry form agenda he's
using some of the his statements on the
need for social change and the need to
you know address changed the way the
country is going for the last 30 years
with you know giving women the right to
drive and and other issues speaking to
the youth
so that's on one hand kind of to also
complete the picture in terms of what I
believe krump Crom principle Salman is
doing but also when you when we get to
Lebanon yes indeed I mean we can't say
with certainty that he has lost yet
absolutely as you rightly said there has
been a display of national unity given
what has happened in the last two weeks
or less than two weeks since Hadid his
resignation which was extremely bizarre
and it was described as bizarre not just
by the anti Hariri media or the prohis
Bala media it was described as bizarre
even by the international media given
that you have a prime minister who is
who is missing in action in Riyadh but
at the moment I just want to also add
this issue the point that anything we
say at the moment is really uncertain
given that we have not heard from Hariri
face to face and he mentioned in his
interview on on Sunday November 12 that
there are a lot of Secrets that he can
only tell when he comes to Lebanon and
speak to president town okay well and
they go back to Martin on uncertainty is
the worst thing you need in a situation
like this here I want to go back to the
issue of reform and we had the crown
prince and people around him talking
about moderate Islam that is remarkable
coming out of Riyadh I mean if he's you
know like a bull in a china shop you
know with his Persian like that I mean
does he could have the political
strength base to be able to do something
like that because I have to wonder if
that's just for Western consumption
that's my first takeaway
go ahead Martin no I think you've banged
the nail firmly on the head yes the
question all journalists and analysts
want to ask is the same one how long
would this guy be around you know when
you're when you're going to those
measures when you're going to such
extreme measures to create all this
distraction all this smoke and mirrors I
mean
Larry drama is in many ways a
distraction from what's going on in
Riyadh right now which is chaos and
calamity you know I mean what's not
getting reported by Western journalists
is the crackdown the the human rights
abuses and the crackdown on on people
being detained without trial and even
being beheaded and then and some of
these people are political opponents so
I don't think we can talk about reform I
mean I think when Holly mentioned
reformed I think he was very kind to MBS
I think give it letting women Drive and
maybe creating some program which may or
may not work in 2030 and you know having
a minister of fund is is is all really
very superficial and doesn't really have
that much substance to it you know what
we're seeing I think is is is Saudi
Arabia going backwards you know I don't
see anything going forward they're not
I'm not to a positive and I think the
fact that you need to go to those
measures you need to take those extremes
you need to use your or your man Hariri
in Lebanon to try and destabilize a tiny
country and you said it yourself
you know it's easy to disable eyes
Lebanon its poor its backward it
basically doesn't really have hasn't
really ever had a functional government
in the five years I've been here you
know so it's low-hanging fruit in terms
of you know shaking that that particular
country but I mean I don't think we can
take I don't think we can take this guy
seriously I mean what's happened with
Reid rom wait is the whole thing as
massively backfire what's happened in
Lebanon you will find now yes it's
nothing less than bizarre here let me go
let me go back to Joe here I mean we had
the president the United States his
first major foreign visit and he went to
among the cities on his trip was to
Riyadh and the Twitter and chief is
given full support to the Crown Prince
here is there any cause and effect there
because it's he does he feel like he's
got kind of like a blank check from the
US because you know maybe it's Twitter
account you know that gives them a blank
check from the president but from the
rest of the US administration it doesn't
seem so clear again this is very kau
it's risky behavior go ahead Joe yes I
mean obviously there's some policy
differences between between the White
House on one hand and then State
Department the Pentagon the other hand
you saw and we saw in the in the Qatar
crisis for them to bridge
difference took a while and then
eventually the president called Egyptian
president they were meeting in Cairo and
Asda basically to stop the escalation
and basically they they didn't force a
solution on them but they asked him to
stop the escalation and the case of
Lebanon that bridge was much quicker I'm
not sure maybe because Tillerson was and
was trump on on the trip but it became
more and basically the u.s. was able to
curb the the saudi search if gonna call
in lebanon the basically tell them tone
down the rhetoric the government gonna
stay we need stability we're not gonna
play with fire now so we saw suddenly
the saudi arabic retreated and a very
clear and a gradual way leading now
hardly moving around so yes there's a
big tension on around this issue and i
think the concern is is at the expense
of building i mean building a good
relation with trump and his advisor
including Kushner it's coming at the
expense of the saudi relation with the
u.s. establishment yeah because they
feel now we OPR under category we did
know about Qatar you just playing with
fire impacting our influence our US
forces and Qatar our US influence and I
think we're agreeing here and let me go
leave me let me go to you I mean again I
mean because the the position of the
u.s. is very ambivalent here
does it give the players on the ground a
little bit more elbow room to do what
they want to do because it seems like
that's going plague including the
Israelis by the way go ahead yes I agree
but of course we need to remember that
we still even when you're reading the US
press and other of other reports we
still don't know exactly what the what
from policy is in the Middle East but
having said that we know one thing is
that he's he's decided to single out
Iran as the main threat in the region
and exactly so he has completely adopted
the line of Israel and Saudi Arabia now
whether he's Ramin whether whether his
plan is well thought out whether he has
practical steps in doing that we know in
the case of Lebanon there has
been increasing sanctions by the US
Congress against Hezbollah and against a
family aleem generators talk about a
hostage
I'd have to jump in here we're gonna go
to a hard break and after that break
we'll continue more discussion on Saudi
Arabia and some on Iran stay with our
tea - crosstalk where all things are
considered on Peter LaBelle to remind
you were discussing Saudi Arabia
okay Martin let me go back to you
holding brought up the topic where I
wanted to go with on this program is
let's talk about the Iran angle here I
mean it seems that that's that's part of
the the chessboard right here it's the
crown prince trying to make some kind of
you know grand gesture or you know make
leave his footprint in history I mean I
mean again you know looking what's going
on in the region failure in Syria
failure in Yemen I mean maybe you should
kind of step back a little bit here
disabled disabled izing Lebanon I mean
now you're you know that we have this
rhetorical war which is always there
there to one level level or another but
I mean you know it looks like you know
he's priming up the region to get used
to a conflict with around and of course
you know the Israelis officially
unofficially are always kind of egging
that along there too so I mean this is
what I find very worrisome someone that
is not experienced coming in you know
like I could China I'm sorry bull in a
china shop
kicking everything around resting people
worse taking their their assets away and
we have the u.s. that's kind of asleep
at the wheel it seemingly at least
Martin with your thoughts they ran yeah
because basically they sum it up the the
American idea or the Trump camps idea is
that whatever we do with around the
Middle East we can't really go wrong you
know there's this idea that there is a
huge safety net there and whatever
whatever they actually try and pull off
whatever initiative is whether it's
military one or whether it's what I
believe will be an economic sanction
crackdown call it what you win on
Lebanon you know they they feel as
though that there's no accountability
that it's almost as though they are
there they're there they're creating
policies which in three four or five
years time they will not be accountable
to anyway but what we are seeing what
we're witnessing in the Middle East
particularly with Saudi Arabia and
Lebanon and with this whole context of
Iran is Saudi Arabia and Israel coming
closer and closer together with this
paranoia which is being stirred and
provoked and goaded by the Trump
administration particularly since
they're not signing the certification
for the Iran deal I mean sign off a
couple of weeks ago this just makes
things much worse
the Hezbollah with who are believed to
be in Yemen firing rockets at Riyadh
it's just it's just stoking everything
up and it's reached a point now where no
logical argument matters anymore you
know just today the front minister of
South Saudi Arabia said we are talking
now to our allies about a new policy
towards Iran well what does that mean
you know I mean that one they cannot in
in in in mbss wildest dreams he cannot
possibly imagine a military campaign
against Iran or Hezbollah in Lebanon can
he can he be that mad yeah well no no no
he's not mad he's just gonna get the
Americans and the Israelis to do it and
that's what really worries me okay Joe
let me go to you I mean it's not gonna
work oh I agree
okay well Martin when has it worked
recently okay and that's the whole point
I want to go with Joe here in Washington
you know okay let's look at Iraq okay
Iraq after the illegal invasion and
occupation 2003 it falls into a rants
fear of influence okay now you have this
proxy war in Syria who comes out the
winner
Iran okay I mean Hezbollah goes in and
fights Isis so they carry water for the
Iranians okay they win again now why in
the world would anyone on the crown of
the Saudi royal family thinking they're
gonna throw the dice one more time
I mean it's mistake mistake mistake
mistake one after another oh sorry I
forgot Yemen go ahead Joe
I mean I believe that the Saudis I mean
never have a plan to confront Iran I
mean they never have the intention I'm
sorry to confront you are not in the
past and not today and this is why they
went to what I call the weakest link
which is Lebanon and Yemen this is where
they can basically force the hand of
Iran but they cannot in Syria and they
cannot in Iraq so yes the rhetoric the
US and Saudi rhetoric is basically
getting higher or more 10 tense with
Iran in the past year or so but this was
not translated to policy on the ground
because we see in Syria there's an
agreement now between the US and Russian
you see Iranian getting close to control
the Iraqi Syrian border and the Iraq you
have Saudi engagement now you have
coexistence between quotation between
the u.s. and Iran and Iraq through our
body and through the stabilizing
situation over there
so the rhetoric doesn't match what's
happening on the ground and this was the
u.s. message to Saudi Arabia they do not
lay by don't explode everything for us
that it's very tricky what's happening
we have to deal with the situation in
Syria try to contain Iran that's not the
time to go into a conflict that's not
the big priority for for the yes at this
point which is Lebanon and and you see
now that's a completely shift in that
sense so again I mean the Saudi rhetoric
does not match and will not match any
time soon territory especially in
Lebanon where the Saudi option options
are very very very limited wholly me
let's talk more about Lebanon I mean a I
think we all can agree that it's not
over yet whatever this gambit is okay
but you know the first signs are is
they're solidified I mean people have
come together explain to our viewers
what kind of consensus theirs is they're
now in dealing with this situation
they're seeing this foreign meddling
from from Saudi Arabia and it's it sent
shivers
through the spine of a lot of people
because I mean remind our viewers that
you know people remember the war in the
civil war it was horrific it was long
and and they found some kind of
consensus to move forward with lots
disagreements in a very complicated
political system is it durable can it
pull through this crisis go ahead in
Beirut in my opinion the consensus is
that we do not want that the Lebanese
people do not want another war they do
not want to be dragged into another war
on behalf of somebody else but for the
you know for the sake of having also a
comprehensive analysis of what the view
is from Lebanon and also in the region
we need to talk about obviously Saudi
interference but we also need to talk
about Iranian involvement in Lebanon as
you well know Hezbollah is an Iranian
ally and has a lot of you know power in
Lebanon but it's also been involved in
the Syria crisis and possibly in the
Yemen crisis and in the Iraq in Iraq as
well so we can't really discuss 11
without talking about these two sides
which is usually what is discussed today
as the regional power play between Saudi
Arabia and Iran so yes in the last two
weeks Saudi Arabia's role interfering in
Lebanon and what I considered to be an
assault on Lebanon sovereignty has come
to the surface but we also need to see
that it's part of a bigger problem of
both powers trying to interfere trying
to flex their muscles so to speak so let
me also remind the viewers that part of
what also Saudi Arabia claimed at least
that this is all about or what what its
allies in Lebanon were upset about was
president rouhani of Iran who mentioned
two weeks ago perhaps that nothing
happens in the region including Lebanon
without the you know without Iran's so
to speak
consent certainty so in one way or
another one can see the harried
resignation as Saudi Arabia saying well
look we can also influence things on the
ground we can you know we can create put
a halt on on a settlement that brought
the president down to the presidency and
the Hadiya to the Premiership so in some
ways just to sum it up briefly sure
there is a consensus that we do not want
a war if Saudi Arabia wants a military
confrontation with Hezbollah it is my
view that no party in Lebanon wants that
but at the same time what the Hadid
resignation brought forward is that
there is a need to have a discussion
about the status of Hezbollah going
forward and also whether Hezbollah
should disengage from any regional
conflicts okay Martin
what may wait we and in that because I
mean Hezbollah would say nothing
succeeds like success I mean they play
their cards very very carefully okay and
they've come out on top
and so they are also part of the
political process they are elected
democratically if you like it or not
okay so you know it seems to me that
they have a pretty strong position in
Lebanese politics okay and they became
about because of the illegal invasion of
Israel okay let's all remember the
origins of all these things
go ahead Martin well yeah I mean I
started off is very much a nationalistic
organization but as has grown and
developed now into an organization which
permits right across the region yeah the
problem we've got here is one of irony
the Saudis tried to take on Iran and
Hezbollah sprach sear on the region and
they lost and every time they keep
losing Hezbollah keeps growing you know
you look at Hezbollah now I mean Israeli
generals and barely a week passes
without Israeli generals in the press
down there in Israel talking about the
strength of his role since since
hezbollah has come back from war in
syria so you know the joke of where does
the 600-pound gorilla sit when it enters
the room anywhere it likes applies very
much this situation that we have now
between Saudi Arabia and Iran the
problem for the Saudis is Hezbollah has
just become too big too powerful across
the region and now the Saudis are
negotiating from a point of weakness not
from a point of strength you know
they've they've sort of kidnapped the
Lebanese Prime Minister we don't know
exactly even where he is exactly or what
he's doing in Saudi Arabia there is this
some debacle and now which is emerged
between now the international community
and France is trying to usher him back
to France there's a huge question mark
over whether he will come back as a
prime minister and do what everyone
wants him to do which is to talk to
Hezbollah because frankly he's the only
one the Lebanese have got who can
actually be put into that circle and who
will be listened to and who can't
communicate with Hezbollah and come out
with a deal but the million-dollar
question is do the Saudis really want to
negotiate a deal because they had an
opportunity and they seem to have lost
it I ate my ron eclis yeah Hariri arias
become so popular in the last two weeks
more popularly could be ever an entire
political career inside Lebanon
and yet the the the Saudis have not
capitalized on that and said let's put
him back into Beirut to talk to
Hezbollah Joe weigh in on that that's a
very interesting way of looking at it go
ahead Joe in Washington I mean I agree
that the Hezbollah role and in that
sense has has grown beyond that slip on
ease role and that should be discussed
in a way that doesn't in fact you know
the way lemon has relation with the with
the Arab world there's a concern about
how Hezbollah is investing what's
happening in Syria and Lebanese politics
I don't understand why they were rushed
to Ramallah station with Damascus those
are all I think illegal concerns little
bit concerned to have but the issue is
how Saudi Arabia approached this issue I
mean the way they did that now basically
they're very Kripa their own ally he's
somehow now basically forced to resign
he had to take all his rhetoric and this
weakened him and it's not the first time
they weaken having they've been weakened
him for for almost five years now
whether in his company in Saudi Arabia
whether supporting people on his right
so basically I mean they should take a
decision that what else they can do I
mean if they're gonna go war with
Hezbollah there's no one ready for that
if they want Israel to go to her husband
oh they are not ready for that if they
want the Americans to do that they are
not ready to basically also paralyze the
Japanese government so we've run out of
time I think Joe is really put it really
well there's no game plan here that's
what worries me
many thanks to my guests in Beirut and
in Washington and thanks to our viewers
for watching us here Artie see you next
time and remember crosstalk rules
