let's turn to Afghanistan there because
at least nine people have been killed
and five more injured in a suicide
bombing in the country's capital Kabul
the attacker who was wearing an
explosive vest targeted a hotel where a
political gathering was reportedly
taking place most of the victims are
believed to have been policemen Islamic
state has claimed responsibility for the
atrocity well in an indication of how
the Afghan government is losing control
a new US government report details how
in the past six months alone the Taliban
has taken another four percent of the
country under its control
another major issue is the rising opium
production to a UN report this time says
that the amount of territory covered by
poppy fields has increased by sixty
three percent over the last year and
that allows for a potential eighty seven
percent increase in opium production in
the country despite all of this though
President Trump did sound pretty
optimistic when he outlined his new
Afghanistan strategy back in August one
way or another these problems will be
solved I'm a problem solver and in the
end we will win we will defeat them and
we will defeat them handily okay well to
discuss this further we're joined now by
former Afghan MP an independent member
of parliament who died sort enjoy good
evening to you thanks for coming onto
our tea this evening I don't have you
heard that quote we just played there
from Donald Trump from back in August
but then he was very optimistic of
defeating terrorism in Afghanistan how
optimistic are you that that will happen
I think we all love in life's that we
should be optimistic especially living
in Afghanistan you need to be optimistic
otherwise you shouldn't be here but and
having said that Wars cannot be won only
by optimism wars are made of battles and
also other aspects that are fought in
outside the battlefields poverty
employment good governance rule of law
all those things are ingredients to win
a war of this sort and some of those
ingredients are missing or are very weak
so far so we need to pay appeal pay more
attention to a comprehensive solution in
Afghanistan not just a battlefield
solution so in your opinion what do you
see is the key reasons then just looking
at the last few months that the Taliban
has gained so much new territory well
there are many reasons of course one of
the major reasons is probably lack of
ability of the government to deliver to
the population outside some major cities
weaker governance unemployment very bad
economy and of course when you mentioned
about the drug problem the lack of
enough attention to create alternative
life livelihood for the farmers and also
fight a comprehensive war against drugs
not just in Afghanistan but also in the
markets in Europe and Beyond why do you
think it's proving to be so difficult to
up the war against drugs and opium
production in Afghanistan because I mean
it's not just increased a small amount
it's increased a huge amount hasn't it
it is a dramatic increase and I'm sure
there's there are several reasons for it
one of them as we mentioned earlier is
weaker security in more Taliban control
it in ruler areas where these things are
produced the other reason is a very very
hidden reason that is that demand in
European and American markets lack of
proper attention to two alternative
crops
and an alternative livelihood for the
farmers of Afghanistan and also the
other reason that very little attention
is paid to in reports that were recently
published is the lack of demand in
previous years and lack of production in
previous years created more demand and
now because of the demand the opium
production has increased and that has
also has a correlation that nobody talks
about and the other thing that I need to
mention as an Athlon is the American
strategy in Afghanistan to approach the
drug problem in Afghanistan first of all
it's not the drug problem of Afghanistan
it's the drug problem of the world
secondly just to approach this to deny
the Taliban the financial resources that
they are getting from drugs that that is
the wrong approach in my view if we
approach this that there is just the
source of income for the Taliban and
fighting it that way this is not going
to solve the problem okay died look
we're gonna leave it there really
appreciate you coming on to our tea
tonight though that was toad salt and
Zoey a former Afghan MP and independent
member - of parliament thank you
