so it's are no longer just checks to see
if you're a real person it's also now
judge and jury on views - it's all part
of new guidelines being laid down by the
social network party Boyd has been
taking a closer look up until this week
verification illustrated by a blue tick
on Twitter was a symbol that a user's
account is genuine so if you take the
account here of Donald Trump the blue
tick here denotes that yes these really
are the words of the US president it's a
bit like a certificate of authenticity
for a designer handbag or a hologram
sticker on the back of a box containing
a computer game and high-profile users
like Trump might have hundreds of fake
and parody accounts hence the blue tick
but Twitter says that somewhere along
the line this verification became known
as an endorsement so they've started
taking the blue tick away the blue tick
purge started after Twitter was
criticized for verifying the account of
this man Jason Kessler the organizer of
the deadly white nationalist rally in
Charlottesville in August
eventually Twitter came up with an
extensive list of the new guidelines the
reasons for removing the symbol include
intentionally misleading people
promoting violence inciting harassment
and the list goes on newly detect users
include Tommy Robinson the former leader
of the UK's English Defence League and
white supremacist Richard Spencer
ordinary Twitter users have expressed
confusion over the new policy
and what about accounts like these
muhammad al Arif II a conservative Sunni
Muslim cleric from Saudi Arabia banned
from the UK in 2014 his bluetick remains
intact Twitter says it's conducting a
sweeping review of its verified accounts
and it's possible that accounts like
this may not have come up for a review
yet but even before the rethink Twitter
had been criticized for refusing to
verify certain accounts that of
WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange for
example or project Veritas founder James
O'Keefe both journalists with
anti-establishment views Twitter didn't
answer Artie's request for more
information regarding its policy review
in recent months Twitter has faced
mounting criticism for failing to combat
extremism and hate speech it's not clear
how making itself the arbiter of right
and wrong with a seal of approval is
going to fix that Poli Boyko RT London
or picking up on that u.s. Republican
Party activist John Griffin says that
Twitter boss is a stifling debate on
issues that matter to people so the idea
of you know D verifying Twitter accounts
on the basis of hate is is more to me of
a of a symbolic gesture towards
preventing dialogue that leads at least
to you know more hateful discourse I
think that what's being done is being
done primarily because of top-down
political pressure to try to essentially
silence some discussion but the the the
accounts that have been that have been
blocked for hate speech frankly I don't
think anyone has a problem with blocking
them but the idea that this could creep
into something where one side has an
unfair advantage in most political
discussions that's certainly a question
that I think needs to be asked
looked at honestly it's not just Twitter
Facebook's also been making headlines
for its new tool called trust indicators
it's aimed at flagging up fake news on
the site distinguishing between
trustworthy publishers and the rest the
tools designed to disclose information
about the ownership structure of media
outlets
it also looks into editorial policy and
fact-checking ability reviewing
headlines and articles but it's actually
up to the publishers themselves to
provide their own information we heard
from a political activist who believes
Facebook's letting it to users down
Facebook has the right to put whatever
indicators at once but in doing so it's
currently doing a major disservice to
its clients it is essentially misleading
them because it's basing its trust
indicators on the completely flawed idea
that what most of the US mainstream
media is reporting is basically true so
by putting these indicators it is
essentially giving a an incorrectly high
level of trust
Facebook is sort of unscientifically
assuming that the currently accepted
mainstream media is also trustworthy it
is not trustworthy and so allowing these
people that they've assumed before even
beginning any kind of real review or any
kind of real experimentation that they
are trustworthy and then deciding to let
them show that they're trustworthy by
basically saying so is completely
backwards
