why I'm in the middle of Moscow and I
saw two men one with that famous live a
bird on his chest and another one with a
bag with lots of stickers and che
guevara which is very good of course in
Moscow I the boss that I don't know him
alone and you're very good friends
bought you're a Liverpool fan obviously
and you're a Manchester United fan so
you hear both supporting each of this
teams over two days I will go into my
game and who go into his game what have
you thought if Moscow so far since
you've been here it's beautiful
I'm here from five days and it's
beautiful where are you from Malta I
should say you'll never walk along to
you and glory glory Manchester United to
you good to see you what are your first
impressions of Moscow appeared a warm
welcome up you know at a warm welcome
she travel everywhere with Liverpool at
it doesn't bother me I'm pretty happy
but of being before you know consider
shook up the times before so that's I'm
not fazed by it any problem no no
problems at all
we're in Pushkin Square just away to my
left we're going to the Spartak Stadium
game on Spartak against Liverpool
Manchester United player Sisko Moscow
tomorrow
we go in on public transport finding out
where fans are where their pubs are if
there are any flush spots very trouble
let's get to the stadium
I know where Spartacus
right here we got Spartak so some look
on the platform not many football fans
around at the moment one or two scarves
obviously it's a brand new station as
well so you can see the football element
of it there you pull a starting around
but again fairly low-key and a 20-minute
journey from the center of town busy
with rush-hour but a rather genteel trip
it's fair to say let's go to the ground
Spartak Liverpool they policing for the
event the security for the event is
obviously very strict to category a game
and as you can see there were poor fans
coming backwards and forwards but as
soon as Liverpool fans get to this point
only they are allowed with their tickets
beyond the gate and then they go in it's
a little chat call the chapter all right
chaps any issues and problems so here
five times see Muscovites to moscow what
you're doing here and what you aim to
achieve today we're trying to get the
gleams from the english fans and the
British fans to find out in this school
against you there have you seen them yet
no beautiful men of color if you have
shout them now take you to many pictures
of me they're like bad but I don't know
it's positive you guys after all the
scam angry has been going on on social
media by people it's an it's a bit of
shame from them I think it's been
absolutely fine the experience to the
stadium the experience and must go alone
it's been absolutely brilliant has been
perfect
just ran out Spartak Stadium one Wanek
finish between Spartak Moscow and
Liverpool the Liverpool fans who know
clearly kept him for an extra 30 minutes
as a security measure that is normal
across the Champions League games and
we're gonna sit with them and then get
the metro back and stand here at the way
and as you can see it's this gentle fan
Russian warm welcome what has the
Russian well compete like oh yeah it's
been good yeah everybody's tried to up
as much as I can
I've seen no trouble everything's been
great no trouble please I've been
everywhere but you don't sauce them your
experience today yeah it's been good
been good you've been okay just a little
bit been moody in there what nothing but
we're six beans isn't it it's not really
Natalie yeah surely billions obviously
first sound oh absolutely billions
I recommend anyone calling sysm
marvellous City absolutely fantastic
welcoming Liverpool fans on the Shane on
the way on the tube with all the Moscow
fans they were fantastic
you're welcome those did all givenness
device to do this do that they were
fantastic
it's cisco Moscow against Manchester
United everything went off peacefully
between Spartak Moscow and Liverpool the
security presence is still very high
here in Moscow let's see what happens
this evening
what have you seen today what we've done
any issues in any problems no no issues
really we just sort of stopped ourselves
so when to Sun bar earlier yeah nothing
to report really like compared to last
year in Ukraine so we went and we didn't
go on the club buses and we walked
through and eventually I was unfortunate
to get hit in the air to a bottle but
yeah nothing like that it's right well
that no trouble at all you know we're
advice one the buses we didn't we call
on the Metro and nobody's bothered us
all just chairing a good day did you
manage sell a few pieces around town
just trouble as normal as the way
friends suddenly Avira's me we're hard
yeah with no problems at all all that
security stuff it's a little nonsense
really
he got worries everywhere in the world
at a moment I don't think going anywhere
in Russia and tick done thing that's
gonna put anyone off for instant you get
to a world cup you get dust on you once
every four years man like for instance
that that shouldn't stop you you go to
support your team and you do all you can
to do that any trouble with unfortunate
if it happens if you go looking for it
you'll find it but you put your head
down you just go your maze that's what
all is at the end of day isn't it you go
away of your mates have a good time go
on sports a music you sport
you
