Russia has vetoed a US draft resolution
at the UN on extending the work of a
joint program to a deadly chemical
incident in Syria earlier this year
Kayla Maupin looks at the story meeting
began with the United States putting
forward a resolution to extend the work
of the joint investigative mechanism to
continue its work looking into
allegations in Syria well the vote was
taken and Russia blocked it as a
permanent member of the Security Council
Russia blocked this resolution put
forward by the United States we then
heard from nikki Haley the US ambassador
to the United Nations and she was not
happy with Russia's move this is what
she said Russia has acted to obstruct
these investigations many times but
today it strikes a deep blow Russia has
killed the joint investigative mechanism
which has overwhelming support of this
council and by eliminating our ability
to identify the attackers Russia has
undermined our ability to deter future
attacks now later in the meeting Russia
and Bolivia were able to put forward a
resolution that would have extended the
work of the joint investigative
mechanism but restricted it and and
urged it to operate and what they called
a more reliant and scientific manner and
this resolution put forward by Russia
and Bolivia was also vetoed it was voted
down at the council it was blocked by
the United States so this is this is
what was said by the Russian ambassador
to the United Nations this was this was
was his response to Russia's proposed
resolution to extend the investigation
being blocked
nostrovia Renuka quickly to keep see on
the basis of an investigation which does
not withstand scrutiny is derived from
evidence of unclear origin and is
falling apart like a house of cards the
joint investigative mechanism has
imposed the guilty sentence on the
entire state of Syria Security Council
meeting concluded with the investigation
of the joint investigative mechanism of
the OPCW the investigation into chemical
weapons in Syria going to expire no
extension was agreed upon now this is in
response to the the chemical attack the
alleged chemical attack in khan shaykhun
80 people were killed back in april with
sarin nerve gas that was used in con
sheikh hoon now when that chemical
attack took place the world had no
evidence no information had been
gathered but immediately we heard US
officials blame the Syrian government
the USA then unleashed 59 Tomahawk
cruise missiles against a Syrian
government airbase this is what we heard
from US officials before any facts had
even been gathered Bolivia was the only
country to join Russia in voting against
the US draft resolution of the Security
Council sean and egypt abstained we live
in a basa de to the UN such Laurenti
hope spoke exclusively to RT after the
vote we voted against that resolution
because that resolution didn't represent
the what we need for joining the second
ISM to to do there were many many
members of the council that has that
have stressed their concerns regarding
how the joint investigative mechanism
has been issuing this last report we
really believe that the investigation
should be done in situ so if we talk
about the attracting the alleged
attacked in in Cancun so the team the
joint investigative mechanism should go
to that place and to collect evidence in
order to have a more transparent
independent and complete investigation
there are different different approaches
to that but I think there's a common
ground the common ground is that there
should be investigations on the ones
that commit this kind of war crime
should be held accountable if the the
nations are around the table the one of
the Security Council are United it means
that there should be compromised they
should they should engage in negotiation
they should try to accommodate the
interests of all of them
