the world anti-doping agency has
potentially dented Russia's chances of
competing at the 2018 Winter Olympics
after it blocked rusada Russia's
anti-drug body itself from being
reinstated after a lengthy scandal
calling it non-compliant as far as
possible clean athletes should be
allowed to depart in in international
sports competitions but in the meantime
agreed a roadmap of compliance for the
Russian anti-doping agency has been
fulfilled in many ways but there are
still two issues which remain
unfulfilled
however wada also said it is cooperating
with the russian agency in dealing with
doping violations on meeting the road
requirements across the developments for
us explaining more Nadira to the russian
doping scandal has been playing out for
years already every time we think has
died down there it is again
but despite the outcome of wadis latest
announcement it appears to be pretty
upbeat about the future and the steps
needed going forward according to the
world's anti-doping agency was only
non-compliant based on two points out of
20 criteria one being the refusal to
admit to state-sponsored doping claimed
in the water backed McLaren report the
other four failing to give water experts
access to closed labs as they wanted to
test a Russian athlete being only two
points short of fulfilling the roadmap
the continued suspension has seen
Russian officials make their feelings
very clear first up the Russian Olympic
Committee chief Alexander Zhukov old
roadmap demands were met by resada those
points wada referred to have no
relevance to Rashad as work
the McLaren report itself created a
clash of opinions it was contested by
the Russians who claimed that the report
lacked sufficient proof to be deemed at
legitimate and water itself did speak
out when they cleared 95 out of the 96
Russian athletes accused of various
doping allegations in the report their
reason being yes you've guessed it lack
of evidence and hence their cases were
closed the Russian sports minister has
shared his disappointment to these two
demands are obviously of a political
nature
we want dialogue not a dick tat however
Russia has made it clear there is a
doping problem and has since become one
of only five European countries that
have criminalized doping Austria France
Italy in Spain being the others
President Putin had a clear message on
the issue in Russia when he spoke out
the main thing is that we have to listen
to the results of the independent
commission
despite flaws in its work we have to
listen to weathers demands because we
have to admit that we have confirmed
cases of doping use which is absolutely
unacceptable this means that the
anti-doping control system which we had
until now hasn't worked and it's our
fault we have to be frank and admit it
one of the reasons why Russian officials
could be implying that politics is
embedded in this latest decision is
possibly down to the timing and the
upcoming Olympic Games with the opening
ceremony on the 9th of February 2018 in
Pyeongchang that leaves little time to
resolve the problem and left the
Olympics committee under increased
pressure as well ultimately they'll have
to decide whether to ban Team Russia or
not the worst case scenario for Russia
and its athletes would be a blanket ban
and we can't ignore the fact that in the
last couple of months some negative
press has reared its ugly head once
again suggesting that Russian athletes
should take no part in the Winter Games
but the IOC and wada say the decision on
resada will have no impact on whether
Russia's athletes will compete or not
the final decision will be made by the
IOC the International Olympic Committee
on the 5th of December but for now
Russian officials are angry having
performed and their miracle to meet
nearly all of the roadmap criteria in a
short space of time to them this latest
decision would likely come as a bit of a
slap in the face
Nadira to de RT well as Nadira mentioned
Team Russia have been dealt a number of
blows during November 6 Russian skiers
were banned for life over doping
violations while the former head of the
Moscow anti-doping lab who was the first
to allege a state-sponsored doping
program has put forward new information
on the claims and that's led to some
officials calling for Russia to be
completely banned from the 2018 Winter
Olympics well we got reaction earlier
from Allen Murph
the host of Capitol sports on Moskos
Capital FM he describes Russia as being
caught in the middle of a huge
geopolitical sports battle I do believe
that because of the civil war is going
on at the moment in within sports you
have water who were desperate to hang on
to their relevance you have the IOC who
are likewise they're trying to trying to
keep the show on the road
you have these individual or the
independent national anti-doping
organizations like you solder you CAD
and they're trying to take over the
whole show they're not going to do any
better
yeah but they want their piece of the
pie so good instinct I do believe that
Russia is going to face a full bar like
in the Paralympics it is political I
think I did there's no way we can look
with Russia unfortunately is the
whipping boy it's caught in the middle
of this civil war in sports it's caught
in a greater geopolitical battle and
Russia is a very convenient scapegoat
