French presidents blaming his
predecessors for fuelling the rise of
extremism in the country not to tackle
it Emmanuel macron announced plans for
an economic boost in some of the
country's poorest areas to try and
prevent poverty driven radicalization
Shahla Dubinski has been to visit one
such area near Paris here in Santoni
housing projects dominate the skyline
their home mainly to low-income families
and generations of migrants that the
state√≠s failed to integrate salt Denis
is also where the trail of the Paris
terror attacks in November 2015
led the police
two years later Frances new president
Emmanuel macron says the state is guilty
of fueling extremism in France's poorest
suburbs these neighborhoods with closed
schools cut aid the oldest and youngest
and other groups have arrived touting
solutions for all of that radicalization
took root because the state checked out
Mekons words come as the reality of how
severe the problem of radicalization is
becoming sinks in there are now 18
thousand individuals on a list of people
flagged up for being radicalized towards
violence that's up almost 20 percent
since last year and it's still-growing
of those 4,000 are believed to be most
dangerous there are 18,000 people in
France who are a national violent
radicalism watch lists and 4,000
individuals are under active
surveillance McConnell's plan to stub
out extremism is by plowing money into
housing improving public transport and
offering subsidies to companies hiring
youths from targeted areas but is it too
little too late to stop them from being
radicalized I don't think that money
alone could help other things should be
done as well money could help but this
is not enough this probably could help
but there are people who already have
money and they still can be terrorists
money alone won't have people Juarez
produced terrorism know this won't
change much because terrorism is
everywhere across the country it might
help on the one hand but on the other
hand it does nothing McComb is lashing
out at French authorities from
poor suburbs and allowing extremism to
thrive which is fairly easy to do when
you've been in charge for less than a
year yet the issue of deprived
neighborhoods spans decades and mackan
is truly not the first president to try
and tackle it
Charlotte dibinsky our team Santoni
Paris
