it is suspected that hundreds of Islamic
state fighters may have been given a
free pass as they left the now liberated
Syrian city of Raqqa it's been reported
that they were able to leave in convoys
as part of a deal brokered to bring an
end to the fighting in the area here's
how a pentagon spokesperson responded to
the claims there were four foreign
fighters that were identified and were
detained by the syrian democratic forces
out of the rest of the out of the 3,500
civilians approximately less than 300
were identified and screened as
potential Isis fighters as we see there
were four detained but 296 are missing
now the colonel didn't go into detail
when he was speaking however it is
possible that they posed as civilians
that's an common tactic used by the ISIL
fighters they tend to pose as civilians
they've done this in the past now there
have been reports of a convoy leaving
the city and it is being reported that
it's possible there could have been
large amounts of ammunition and ISIL
fighters among that convoy now a
pentagon spokesperson was actually
grilled on this point here's how he
responded we followed these buses as
they departed if an opportunities
presented themselves to conduct strikes
against any potential Isis fighters that
were had decided to flee then we would
have we would have provided strikes that
did not present itself and there were
many civilians that were part of that
convoy so that did not happen can you
say that no Isis fighters leave the
cities and go somewhere else can you say
that I can't say with a 100% certainty
that every single fighter was identified
coming out of Raqqa so the question now
is where are these ISIL fighters going
they're no longer in Raqqa so where
would they be heading towards well one
potential place the nearest location
they could flee to would be Turkey and
the Turkish government has voiced some
serious concerns about
that some have left ISIL terrorists
leave Raqqa with our weapons instead of
eliminating them from the city is this
your strategic tactical corporation now
we see the results the escaped ISIL
members will be the reason for the
deaths of innocent people in every
corner of the world including Turkey
Europe and America now at this point we
have the United States declaring victory
in the city of Raqqa but it's looking
like quite a few Isis fighters may have
potentially escaped from Raqqa and begin
setting up shop somewhere else as the
fight continues
