all makers in Russia's lower house of
parliament have voted in favor of
forcing media outlets which are funded
from abroad to register as foreign
agents it is in response to similar
pressure being placed on RT America in
the United States Frankie
has the details first of all we wouldn't
be hearing this news from the Russian
parliament if it wasn't for the American
Department of Justice which forced RT
America to register as a foreign agent
in the US the Russian government
promised to fight back and we can see
that it's happening but to make similar
demands for foreign media in this
country to register as foreign agents
Russia's old legislation required
amendments and they have just been
approved by the Russian Duma and now the
draft bill will be moved on to the upper
chamber of the Russian parliament for a
final vote the amendment has it that a
media outlet may find itself on the list
of foreign agents in Russia if it
receives money from foreign countries ie
their governments international
organizations or foreign organizations
foreign individuals as well as Russian
legal entities which are funded from any
of the sources that I mentioned above if
a media organization becomes a foreign
agent whatever it publishes has to come
with a disclaimer plus it has to provide
the Russian authorities with regular
reports on their finances something that
was also discussed at the same duma
session was a recent BuzzFeed piece
titled secret finding 60 Russian
payments to finance the election
campaign of 2016 but the first thing
that comes up on your mind if you're
reading this headline is that it's a
groundbreaking investigative report on
Russian meddling in the u.s. election
the article tells you about citibank
money transfers intended for Russian
embassies abroad Wow the problem is
though that Russia also had its
parliamentary election back in September
2016 and there were polling stations
opened at Russian embassies around the
world for Russian citizens who couldn't
vote
home and that required some money
Russian officials did confirm that the
cash in these transfers was spent on
that but to read about this in the
original BuzzFeed article you really
have to scroll down and scroll down a
lot so this bit of quality investigative
journalism by BuzzFeed or maybe not was
also brought up at the duma session
earlier this Wednesday in the port rank
of reporting now one of America's most
popular news websites is getting caught
up in the campaign against RT 2 The
Drudge Report here which does link to
hundreds of new sites is under fire from
The Washington Post for showing stories
from this channel the site's accused of
publishing links to quote Russian
propaganda although that's only a small
number of articles compared to the
Washington Post articles that Drudge
also links to here's how the websites
boss has reacted I've linked a
Washington Post over 10,000 times in 25
years of doing Drudge Report
I currently give them 37% of their
referral traffic it's a brutal business
not even a thank you instead you're a
Russian operative okay let's now Joe
Lauria he's an independent journalist
author and former Wall Street Journal
correspondent - Joe good evening welcome
to RT what are your thoughts here we
know that Artie's been registered as a
foreign agent now but it is it a
surprise that other US agencies are
getting stigmatized for even referencing
stories from RT unfortunately it is not
a surprise this is completely out of
control
I mean that article in The Washington
Post about Drudge is delusional the one
from BuzzFeed is a joke they don't see
the it's written from the point of view
that it's a given that Russian
television RT and Sputnik are propaganda
well I think that Russian media like RT
is simply given the Russian perspective
on the news the way CNN and the New York
Times gives an American perspective on
the news and BBC a British perspective
of course American journalists don't
think that way they think they're giving
a universal truth they don't see that
they are speaking from within their own
national perspective so to call Artie
propaganda and Sputnik is a joke in my
opinion and worse than that is to lump
them both of them in Sputnik and Archie
with Infowars and it just shows you the
quality of the mind I wrote that article
it's delusional because alright Infowars
there's nowhere near journalism RT is as
a news channel and if you want to
understand what's happening in the world
you've got to look at the different
perspectives from Russia from Iran from
the u.s. from Britain and I'm taking
these all into consideration so to call
one Russian television arty propaganda
and to lump it in when Infowars is just
extraordinary and it really shows the
depth of the despair I think that people
who are pushing the Russia gate story
are getting 2 because it's collapsing
that story Joe is there also a danger
that this could lead to some sort of
self-censorship among journalists I know
you're an independent journalist but
you've also worked for The Wall Street
Journal within the news room would that
be a danger that journalists might
actually subconsciously shy away now
from RT stories because they just don't
want the hassle
well that might it's been going on for
years a process of self-censorship you
know what's expected and when you could
not report why do I speak on RT because
a lot of stories that I've pitched to
major publications in the United States
are rejected and these stories then I go
on RT and I will speak about them and
they rejected biggest a critical of US
foreign policy generally and this is
suppressed routinely in the US so by
speaking RT about it they've got a 2 for
first dates they suppress it and then it
comes out emerges on RT they call it
propaganda they don't want this critical
information out there and I've tried to
get stuff into the mainstream and the
most recent example is in the earlier
this month I wrote an article on Russia
Gate for the Huffington Post it was
posted by myself for 24 hours and then
it was it was taken down it was I was
never given a reason why before
afterward and I can all conclude even
though I don't like the word I rarely
use it but it is a censorship a
political censorship because my story
explained essentially that the the basis
of the entire Russia gate story are to
discredited impacts of information paid
for by the Democrats the steal memo the
mi6 former agent paid for by the DNC
the Clinton campaign which has been
unfair fide and largely discredited and
the CrowdStrike analysis of the DNC
computer after the DNC will not let the
FBI look at the computer they brought in
this company and then later that company
had to admit that the software they used
was wrong to determine that Russia had
hacked the computer and had to rewrite
the software so we've got a very very
scary situation going on inside the US
where people are more and more afraid to
say anything that's critical of that
story of that orthodoxy and also to
appear on RT we saw John Kiriakou the
CIA whistleblower was kicked off a panel
in Europe a couple of days ago because
someone a Bernie Sanders supporter
claimed that he had to go he has a show
radio show here co-hosts on Sputnik
radio so he was not allowed to speak
this thing is growing and it's
frightening and I don't see where it's
gonna end enjoy why do you think it is
like it's gonna be very good wherever it
does yeah why do you think it is growing
so fast why are we at this level of
hysteria do you think what woman what's
the main issue here what are people I
believe that the I believe it's been a
geostrategic interest of the United
States since President Putin came to
power and put an end to the US dominance
of Russia under Yeltsin and there's been
an effort and an interest to get back to
that kind of to have someone friendly
again in powers that they could have
these alliances with oligarchs and Wall
Street can clean up as they actually
stripped Russia during the 1990s so this
Russia Gates story for example fits
right into that and they want to stop a
russia from blocking and as China as
well blocking us to teach interests
around the world to have total global
dominance and so I think that this
Russia Gates story has been very
convenient to discredit Trump who talked
about they taunt although nobody knows
how sincere he is and this was very
dangerous to those interests and as well
as their arms manufacturers but I think
it's larger than just that I don't think
it's just about money I think it's about
power
so the retrograde story is one that's
very convenient to rile up the American
population against Russia to discredit
Trump to explain away Clinton's defeat
and to sense her as it's in my case any
stories and I've seep into the
mainstream that strongly
factually a question that were
gate orthodoxy and I wanted to say that
I have a petition out on change.org to
get my story restored tell the - opposed
to put to restore my extensive article I
urge your viewers to sign that okay well
great hopefully they might say go on to
that - Joe we've run out of time really
appreciate it there you coming on to our
tea tonight there was Joe Lauria
independent journalist author and also
former Wall Street Journal correspondent
thank you
