hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
according to the Department of Justice
the channel you're watching now is an
agent of a foreign even hostile power
all the while the DOJ refuses to explain
why this is the case or even cite with
laws we may have broken but something
else is in play critics warn RT is a
test case for a wider campaign of media
suppression
Krauss fucking foreign agents I'm joined
by mangas we Stranahan in Washington
he's an investigative journalist and
co-host of fault lines on radio Sputnik
in Salt Lake City we have rocky Anderson
he is a civil rights lawyer former mayor
of Salt Lake City and the 2012 nominee
of the Justice Party for president and
in London we cross to marcus
Papadopoulos he's the editor of politics
first magazine all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in anytime you want and I
always appreciate it I always go to the
person that got up earliest for this
program that means it's you rocky in
Salt Lake City you know it's a long way
away from Moscow you know and look at my
introduction you know the Department of
Justice is forced arty to be signed as a
foreign agent under the fara Act but
they have cited no reason why there is
no complaint about our output of what we
broadcast on this station here no
details whatsoever no comparisons what
we do or don't do compared to let's say
al-jazeera or BBC or CGT n nothing we're
separated completely in a different
category I can't come to any other
conclusion that it is very spiteful
cruel petty politics
go ahead rocky in st. look in Salt Lake
City well I think there's no question
about that we're seeing an almost a new
McCarthyism in this country and it's
completely mindless people would realize
that the First Amendment is really there
to protect the people of this country
and to promote an exchange of ideas and
information and allow people the credit
for being able to ferret out what they
want to hear and what they can believe
or not believe this impacts all of us in
this country when our own government is
trying to restrict an even sensor what
we hear from other media and we need to
hear from other nations it's a it's a
perspective that Americans have got to
know and it certainly it wasn't for
Media that was telling us all the lies
that Judith Miller at the New York Times
was telling us very good cleaning up to
Iraq or the Washington Post about
Jessica Lynch to bolster support for
that outrageous war these were all myths
that were perpetrated by the US media
and mancine anything like that for media
well from other nations one of the
reasons what we do see is a different
perspective for it perspective let me go
to Leah in Washington that's exactly
correct here because you you've seen
mainstream media people have stopped
watching it they've stopped buying it
stop clicking on it and they're going
elsewhere because they have lost the
confidence in the mainstream media that
the political establishment and Lee the
people watching this program right now
no one's forcing them to watch it it's a
choice I don't understand why the US
government should determine what
propaganda is and the US government
should determine what choices people
make go ahead Lee well I think it's
because they are scared to death there
absolutely and by they I mean the
political establishment not just the
Democrats not just the Republicans the
political establishment on both sides
are scared to death that people are
listening to alternative media unless
they're in the media establishment as
well you got to remember in the United
States I think it's six corporations
that control 90% of the media this is
this is big business right and when
people start listening to new media when
people can go to the news not just the
RT and not just the upstarts like The
Huffington Post or Breitbart both of
which I've written for but more
importantly to Twitter to YouTube and by
the way that's why we're seeing the
other very scary trend now it's just
that the tech companies right are
working right to actually censor that
media as well so people realize that the
establishment media is essentially a
loss leader in other words when a guy
like Jeff Bezos head of amazon.com and
the Washington region dollar and the
owner of the Washington Post good that's
right he's at and a six hundred million
dollar less do the math right six
hundred million dollar deal with the CIA
buys the Washington Post for 200 million
dollars pretty good deal but you know
your Washington Post will never talk
about that okay than that talk about
transparency Marcus let me go to you
because you know RT is being put in the
spotlight and I would say a target here
you yourself personally are a target in
the UK media and they're quite vicious
in their attacks against you tell us
more yes from a Peter this matter has
become very personal
recently I was attacked by two members
of the British Parliament and in the
article and the reports was run by The
Times newspaper in what in which I was
depicted as a Russian propagandist and
because I'm a Russian propagandists I
should lose my parliamentary pass now it
is very very callous this attack but
then you know Peter we are living in
very sinister times in which freedom of
speech and freedom of the press in
Britain and America is under attack it's
under attack by the British and the
American government who are employing
one of their most formidable weapons
their media to go after anyone in the
public eye who has a high profile and
who happens to disagree with what the
American and the British governments are
doing on the international stage let me
say this very clearly
Peter the British and the American
establishments haters they hate us
because of our tenacity they hate us
because of how persuasive we are and
ultimately they hate us because we are
exposing the reckless criminal and
murderous foreign policies of Washington
and London media in Britain and America
is insecure it is afraid and it is doing
everything to try and destroy our names
they want to silence us they want to put
us back in our boxes and but the other
point is this peat is that we mustn't be
under an illusion about who we're up
against we're up against some of the
most powerful forces in the world this
is a contest this is a David versus
Goliath contest but we all know what
happens when David met Goliath and we
all know Marcos we all know
this program that we're on the right
side of history and they know they're on
the wrong side Lee you want to jump in
there and wash it in go ahead Lee go
ahead yep yeah Peter yeah let me let me
mention something let me mention what
Raya and by the way I agree with Raya
I'm a Republican and I agree and by the
way I'm the only Trump supporter on
Sputnik so so much for the Russian media
being pro Trump right right I'm it now I
want to I'm gonna mention something that
the rocky was talking I want to use a
more contemporary example that's going
on right now a rock still going on
obviously but Syria right back in 2013
when I was a writer for Breitbart I
looked into what was happening in Syria
and I was worried it seemed like US
taxpayer dollars were going to fund the
quote-unquote rebels who I saw were
killing Christians among other people
and I said to myself look most Americans
wouldn't agree with that so I had to
quit Breitbart to go over I did a
crowdfunded trip to Lebanon to interview
Syrian refugees okay and it was obvious
to me at that time what the US was doing
and it was obvious to me that the
so-called Syrian rebels were actually
dangerous and I came back I was talking
about the Caliphate Isis nobody was
talking about that right clearly the
weapons for them came from the US now
when I said that as a as a conservative
who was reporting that
why would I say exactly the same thing
on RT or on Sputnik what's the problem
there and the answer is well let's
explain what's going on with this fair
thing it's very clear what they're
trying to do here they want to be able
to say in articles Stranahan who by the
way they have not sent the the note to
split Nick yet yeah waiting but they
want to they they want to be able to say
you know whoever Larry King Jesse
Ventura Peter whoever right they want to
be able to say who was required to file
as a foreign agent comma said blah blah
blah okay they want to be able to use
that little phrase exactly
let me go let me go let me go to Rocky
that's exactly it it's the name and
shame approach here they're good they
want they they can't fight our arguments
they can't fight our arguments because I
know they they they don't have anything
in their arsenal and I would say that
they've gotten so used to lying to the
public and getting away with it and then
we just we we hold fire to their feet
and that's what they don't like and
that's why they a target each and every
one of us to destroy our names okay
because they can't destroy the truth go
ahead Rocky
that's exactly right they are creating
the conditions to making simply the ad
hominem arguments so that they can pace
these labels to people and instead of
addressing the merits and Peter if we're
ever going to see any of the conditions
necessary for peace between people
greater understanding we've got to have
more accessible media we've got to have
because that's the only way that we can
learn about those things and about
people and events that we don't
personally observe we've got to get it
through the media and to strangle
important sources of information and
different viewpoints and it's going to
get ratcheted up now the Russian
government is saying okay you're going
to do that to RT we're gonna do it to
Radio Free Europe and current times do
you know rocky what's gonna happen here
let me go doing this for yours of course
and let me go to Marcus you know but of
course when there is when the Russian
side retaliates it's going to be called
Russian aggression what do you bet
Marcos in London well that's gonna be
one of the negative another one of the
next I agree quences ago of listing RT
as a foreign agent because the Russian
government will have no choice but to
take retaliatory measures Russia at the
end of the day is a you know has self
dignity has self-respect and it has to
stand up for itself but you know Peter
there's another dimension to these
horrendous awful attacks on RT and
guests on our team their reputations
could be absolutely destroyed yeah and
people who work for RT in Britain and
America could find that their names are
so badly affected that they're deprived
of a livelihood
nothing jumpin hanifa jet we have a have
to go to a hard break gentleman after
that hard break we'll continue our
discussion on foreign agents stay with
our team welcome back to crosstalk where
all things are considered I'm Peter
LaBelle to remind you we're discussing
foreign agents
okay gentlemen the the Department of
Justice doesn't give any justification
for its actions enforcing RT to sign on
as a foreign agent but I will read
something here real quick here from the
Director of National Intelligence that
report that came out in January 6th okay
titled assessing Russian activities and
intentions in recent US elections this
is what I had to say about arty arty
arty reports often characterize the US
as a surveillance state and alleged
widespread infringement of civil
liberties police brutality and drone use
I don't I guess check check check all or
two okay continuing here RT also focuses
on criticism of the US economic system
u.s. currency policy alleged allege they
even used the word alleged Wall Street
greed and the u.s. national that and
some of our T's hosts have compared the
u.s. to Imperial Rome I guess that's me
and have predicted that government
corruption in corporate greed will lead
the u.s. to financial collapse rocky
what do you disagree with that because I
think it's pretty good good assessment
it doesn't even mention what Marcus and
I talked a lot about foreign policy but
you know I don't it's a pretty good
checklist somebody watch some of the
broadcasts go ahead rocky that sounds a
lot like what I've been saying and
writing for years actually so I I don't
know what it is anybody could find fault
with there but I will say let them point
to anything that could compare with the
propaganda generated by the United
States government and passed to the
American people by our mainstream media
the Washington Post's abysmal story the
propaganda passed on about Jessica Lynch
to the soldier in Iraq weapons of mass
destruction stabbed and attacked by
Iraqi soldiers all of it absolutely
false and of course you too thriller and
weapons of mass destruction but nyura
very few people know the story of
naiyeer the most largest public
relations firm paying millions of don't
you wait can't convince it down it was
the incubator a scandal okay okay
she was the daughter of the ambassador
yeah yeah let's go exactly justice she
and this woman she this young girl was
the daughter of the Kuwait ambassador
the United Nations and all of the news
media fell for it Amnesty International
fell for it the President Bush was going
around the country touting this it's
just incredible story where is the
accountability leave the u.s. yes
there's nothing comfortable very
interesting here to all of you I don't
see human rights groups coming to the
aid of our tea but they won't because
it's political and they know it and
they're intimidated here you know leave
let me go to you because you over there
at Sputnik all media outlets make
mistakes we all make mistakes and we own
up to them when we make them ok but what
what they're attacking us for is our
narratives that is something different
and this is they cannot tolerate a
different narrative that supports their
fundamental material interest
intellectual interests as if they're not
very intelligent anymore but anyway
they're there and they're in their
friends ok and their friends around the
world but they can't they don't attack
our or they can't attack our narratives
because that would and and legitimize us
by having a conversation
so you dismiss all of it go ahead Lee
well let me say you know filmmaker
Michael Moore for instance is a guy who
I'm a Republican I don't agree with
Michael Moore on a lot of issues but you
talked about a legend Wall Street greed
he's talked about that right but I I've
actually worked with another filmmaker
who made a whole movie going after
alleged wall stir alleged yeah well
Street greed and you may have heard him
he's a young filmmaker named Steven K
Bannon now Steve and I work together I
feel called occupy on mass but Steve
Bannon made a film called generation
zero and people can look it up Steve's a
Steve's a former Wall Street guy who's
very critical at former goldman sachs
guy but in the in the 80s who's very
critical of Wall Street and Steve has
come out expressly know what I'm saying
is when you get Michael Moore and Steve
Bannon agreeing right on
issue I think it's something that
actually you'd get about 80% of
Americans to agree and this is exactly
why the way that wait look what they
want to do is they want to discredit
write RT Sputnik anybody who's not
officially going along with that
narrative so that it says to Americans
hey don't even listen and by and by the
way we don't just see this with hosts
we're talking about this on a fault
lines this morning my radio show we have
people who've pulled us we love the show
we love to listen to it we do a morning
radio show so it's fun we talk about
politics we crack jokes got my co-host
garland Nixon he's a progressive
Democrat I'm a Republican but we agree
on a lot of stuff actually we've had
people tell us Peter they would love to
call into the show just to you know be
part of the show and they're afraid to
they're afraid to call in because we're
broadcast in Washington and they work
for the government I just want you to
think about that that's a chilling
effect where people not as a guest even
just to call it and say hey I don't
agree with you more it's very much very
frightening it's very much like when
Chris Cuomo on CNN said don't read those
emails we can read it for you you will
tell you what it means I mean what a
kook okay
no wonder journalism is you know
basically no better than prostitution
right now in the United States and the
West in general jumping Marcos jump in
ice I know you always want to jump in go
ahead my friend two points on to make
when you read that statement out Peter
by the Department of Justice two words
entered my mind
how ironical because what they described
is exactly how American mainstream media
conservative and liberal alike portray
Russia now the second point I want to
make is this and I try to make it just
before we went for a break the
horrendous attacks on British and
American citizens who work for RT
not only could not only could end their
reputation and deploy them of a
livelihood but something even worse
given the horrendous levels of
anti-russian history in Britain and
America there is a lot of hatred even
amongst ordinary Americans and British
people yeah towards Russia so imagine an
American nationalists or in English
nationalists or someone in America
Britain who is mentally unsound watching
a report about how American and British
citizens are traitors by working for RT
they're propagandists it is possible and
I emphasize the word possible that these
people could take it into their own
hands to physically harm guests who go
on to RT in Britain and America or
British citizens and American citizens
who work for RT now that is something
that these repugnant politicians and
mainstream media journalists in London
and Washington are not thinking about
and I would also add this as well well
let's look at the attacks look at the
attacks people who appear on RT are
being referred to as uneducated as
imbeciles and also one commentator in
Britain has referred to them as
elementally unwell no but markers one of
the interesting things is hang hang on
here Li hang on what are the interesting
things because you're absolutely right
yeah yeah most of the people that are
criticizing RT and criticizing people to
come on Artie don't know anything about
Russia whatsoever okay that is the real
poverty of this situation you know
people that actually come here and meet
people spend a little bit of time here
they see something very very different
than the the black-and-white gray
imagery they're always going we're
rapidly running out of time gentlemen
let me go to rocky here because I think
there's a really important point we all
have to talk about here is that the
major tech companies are getting on
their knees - please Congress and these
people in this witch-hunt here they are
signing their own death warrant is what
they're doing they are foolish they'll
watch someone they'll sacrifice us but
when they come for them who's gonna be
there they're making a very big room in
Google Twitter YouTube all of that go
ahead Rocky and we're running out of
time here go kid quickly yeah that's an
act that's such an important point
because this is all part and parcel of
this creeping authoritarianism in this
country we're seeing a president
who is so demeaning of our own media if
it doesn't go along with his point of
view and now to say that we're going to
choke off different information and
points of view from media outside of
this country
this this is a horrible betrayal of the
American people and our right to decide
what it is we're going to watch and
listen to and read and the points of
view that we want to consider and make
up our own minds about these things I've
never seen
well the kind of foreign influence on
media that we saw leading up to the Iraq
war or the the support for the first
Gulf War through the neh yura
manipulation always be one direction
only the West can influence everyone
else not the other way around here you
know Lee it seems to me listen to what
rocky just said right there is that
liberals in America are creating the
Soviet Union of America when you have
this when you have this hermetically
closed media box where you no one can
penetrate it they only can hear messages
they can't hear anybody from the outside
that is very authoritarian and very
dangerous considering the level of trust
that people have in the mainstream media
in the United States and in the UK go
ahead Lee well that's why I think what
we're doing on my radio show is so
radical it tonight it's not about me
look we got a trump supporter and a
Bernie supporter in the same show you'd
think if the commercial media wanted to
appeal to a big audience they would have
looked at the election and gone look at
the size of Bernie's crowds look at the
size of Trump's crowds it's a no-brainer
right why are we the only show that does
that because neither one of us fit into
the establishment narrative and I got to
say let me just disagree with rocky
slightly he's talks it back to Iraq
slightly disagree with him where the
danger comes in look the see I have been
reading the history of the CIA in light
of the new JFK stuff to come out the
CIA's first operation 1948 was
interfering in the Italian election
right was literally the first thing that
they did they spent a hundred million
that's history that's not propaganda
that's it's on the CIA website that's
what they admit that they did so this
history goes back actually to the
foundation and formation the CIA so oh I
wish want to take off on one thing and
Marcus said to people getting called
things I've been called multiple times
on Twitter a traitor and I've had people
say stuff like traitors get shot yet
right and nothing happens to the people
nothing happened no no no because it's
because acceptable it's acceptable when
some people can use hate speech it's
acceptable when they use it but not
others that's another double standard
right gentlemen we've rapidly run out of
time fascinating discussion many thanks
to my gifts in Washington Salt Lake City
and in London and thanks to our viewers
for watching us here at RT see you next
time and remember Rostock rules
