Air Force was on a mission in northern
Syria even though actually the airstrike
targeted the west of the country because
of that the Aleutian Isle
did not retreat to safety and it was in
the line of fire of Syrian air defenses
the Israeli crewmembers were perfectly
aware of the situation in the air and
they used the Russian aircraft as a
shield as a result 15 of our servicemen
were killed this forced us to take
appropriate measures in response to
increase the safety of Russian
servicemen fighting international
terrorists in Syria as instructed by the
President of the Russian Federation the
Defense Ministry will take the following
steps to boost the Syrian air defense
systems first within the next two weeks
Russia will transfer the modern s-300
surface-to-air missiles to the Syrian
armed forces this system is capable of
hitting targets 250 kilometers away and
attack several targets at the same time
this new system will significantly boost
the capabilities of the Syrian air
defenses in 2013 we were ready to supply
the system to Syria and Syrian
servicemen have undergone appropriate
training but Israel asked us to suspend
this shipment and we did so yet the
situation is different now and it's not
our fault
second the command and control centers
of Syrian air defense forces will now be
equipped with Russian automated control
systems so far this equipment was only
supplied to the Russian Armed Forces
because of this new equipment the Syrian
Air Defense Command will be able to
implement centralized command
of all air defense forces monitor the
situation in the air and assigned
targets promptly most importantly the
Syrian air defense systems will now
identify properly all Russian aircraft
in the area third in the middle Iranian
sea in areas adjacent to Syria we will
use electronic countermeasures jamming
all satellite navigation airborne
Raiders and communication systems of
combat aircraft attacking targets in
Syria this should cool down some hot
Headz keeping them from reckless
behavior that poses threat to our
servicemen otherwise we will have to
respond based on the current situation
so it was six days ago that a Syrian
anti-aircraft battery shot down a
Russian military plane killing everyone
on board and missiles were launched in
response to an airstrike by Israeli f-16
fighter jets and accidentally struck the
Russian plane at the tragic incident
happened around 35 kilometers off the
Syrian coast just as the aircraft was
returning to base let's get some other
viewer world stories here on RT
international now the world descending
now on New York for the 73rd UN General
Assembly with the main session kicking
off on Tuesday the general debaters is
known as not so much of a debate but
rather an opportunity for
representatives to make a speech on the
most pressing topics and it seems Donald
Trump is while playing the headlining
Act and as anticipation around his
performance builds RTZ goes down off
looks at what we should expect this year
in the global political circus Trump has
taken it upon himself to be the greatest
showman
