the racial divide in the United States
is being exploited by a group of
activists who've been trolling school
campuses with posters declaring it's
okay to be white it's a move that's
offending both pupils and teachers
here's Miguel Francis Santiago an
unidentified bunch of people have been
plastering signs and stickers like these
in neighborhoods and campuses across
America claiming it's okay to be white
wow what a divisive campaign the nation
is in shambles I was like really like
shocked that someone like had the guts
to do this because it's like we try to
promote diversity someone would see in
the melting pot that is America everyone
is always proud of their heritage you
have the African heritage studies you
have the Hispanic black Jewish heritage
months cultural appropriation movements
and so on but these people who want to
publicly state that there is nothing to
be ashamed of being white are hiding
their faces so much for diversity
Harvard Law School will not let that
happen here would leave work teach and
learn together in a community that is
stronger better and deeper because of
our diversity we are taking this
seriously and are investigating this
incident this may be part of concerted
national campaign to form a racial and
political tension in our school and
community but who would even come up
with this crazy idea the 4chan chatroom
the so called troll kingdom now these
guys have been responsible for spreading
trends and movements whose purpose was
one thing only trolling and about two
weeks ago they again initiated just that
they asked their followers to spread
this poster with very carefully crafted
guidelines such as in no way coming in
contact with the left keeping it polite
non aggressive font and no vandalism
among a few other pointers amazing now
isn't it
4chan created an another obvious
trolling campaign with the purpose of
exposing many people's sensitivities
making them act a little crazy towards a
flyer put it out there publicly to say
hey we're gonna talk to these people and
see how they react the media
but they still react anyway because they
think that this act is so reprehensible
well four or five letters on a regular
sheet of paper is just gonna destroy the
whole world a separately a writer in The
New York Times is questioning whether
it's right for his children to be
friends with white people his political
commentator Anthony Brian Logan again he
blames the media for exaggerating the
racial conflict in the country well I
think the racial problems are overblown
I don't think there's really that many
racial problems in the United States
many other problems that people think
that we face are just persuaded by
people in the media like the guy who
wrote the article in New York Times and
many others most people pretty much get
along there is some separation of people
but that just is basically along
cultural lines that could be within
races as well so it's not so much about
this big racial division there is some
racial tension but I think the media who
wants to have that be the normal thing
they push it and some people
unfortunately fall into it
