a review of US government agencies using
Russian antivirus software has found no
conclusive evidence that the developer
Kaspersky Lab was involved in cyber
spying are you aware of any breaches to
our national security that have been
facilitated by the Kaspersky products so
we're still working through the process
to identify we've heard that phrase
several times a day working through the
process just that's just not sufficient
of an answer sir it's not conclusive at
this time you don't know whether or not
systems have been breached by Kaspersky
Lab products yet we do not currently
have evidence that conclusive evidence
that they have been breached two months
earlier Homeland Security ordered
agencies under its umbrella to identify
Kaspersky software on their computers
and remove it on the grounds of an
alleged espionage threat now that's
after the Moscow based company was
accused of leaking classified
information to the Russians Secret
Service's the risk that the Russian
government whether acting on its own or
in collaboration with Kaspersky could
capitalize on access provided by
Kaspersky products to compromised
federal information and information
systems directly implicates US national
security Kaspersky Lab denies the
allegations stressing that it's never
assisted any government with cyber
espionage efforts and in another twist
of the claims against the computer
security giant WikiLeaks
has revealed in the last week that the
CIA has created a hostile program that
imitates Kaspersky software according to
the whistleblowing group it uses
computer viruses to send back
information to the CIA defense and
foreign affairs analyst Gregory Copley
told us the allegations against
Kaspersky here likely had no grounds to
start with they're making these
judgments and taking these actions based
on more or less hysteria rather than on
detailed evidence there is no question
that the allegations were prompted by an
anti-russian hysteria in the US media
and in the left-wing circles of the u.s.
political machinery there's almost a
rabid pathological view within meteor
and leftist circles in the United States
that Russia must be to blame for
something so they will keep making these
allegations
so they'll bill keep making this because
it does distract from other issues which
which they should perhaps be paying more
attention to in the United States
political scene
