housing authorities in the United States
have been accused of covering up the
presence of lead in New York homes the
city has vowed to fight the problem but
another public health scare concerning
the poisonous metals now come to the
forefront after high levels of lead were
found in the city's drinking water I'm
open reports from New York it's been
revealed that in certain areas of New
York City the water supply is
contaminated with lead now according to
two separate investigations one by
Reuters news agency the other by local
officials it appears that the problem
could be even bigger than in Flint
Michigan which became notorious for its
poisoned water supply back in 2014
here in New York City we have over 5,000
children under the age of six with
dangerous levels of lead in their blood
now at this point it's not getting as
much national attention as the numbers
are declining here in New York City but
we all remember back in Flint in 2014
how Obama rode in to save the day
Flint's recovery is everybody's
responsibility and I'm gonna make sure
that responsibility is met our children
should not have to be worried about the
water that they're drinking we're gonna
do everything we can to accelerate
getting new pipes here in Flint it's not
just the low-income residents hoody
industrialized Michigan that are being
affected now people living in the
gentrified capital of hipster ism are
being affected by contaminated water
we're in the Brooklyn neighborhood of
Williamsburg which is the hardest hit
here 20% of the children have elevated
levels of lead in their blood in Flint
Michigan it was only 5% drinking
fountains were closed down in public
schools when it was revealed that they
had more than three times the toxic
levels of lead we decided to talk to
expert Joseph singer who tests the water
here in New York City officially no
water no amounts of lead and water is
considered safe that's what they say now
they do have an action level the EPA
action level the action level is 15
parts per billion that's what they
consider above the threshold now no
exposure is good you know especially
exposure in children any any exposure
could be hazardous
the effects are damage to the nervous
system lower IQ you know height issues
behavioral issues is there's many issues
that you know can come about from high
exposure to lead living in Williamsburg
is not cheap average rent is around
$3,500
I wonder if locals here know about the
danger posed by contaminated water the
water in this area has contaminated lead
in it I maybe heard about this I'm
surprised how is that possible I think
it's definitely an area
concern I mean the population is pretty
young there's us a lot of families you
should get what you pay for and with a
couple thousand dollars rents should
come you know clean water in here which
we don't have either because it's
congested yes
after Flint Obama told us that we had
learned our lesson but it looks like the
Midwestern city was just the tip of the
iceberg
now even the richest parts of the Big
Apple are affected caleb Maupin RT New
York
