the US defense secretary has attempted
to justify the presence of American
forces in Syria by citing UN support of
the anti-isil operation the UN said the
ISIS basically we can go after Isis and
we are there to take them out but that
doesn't mean we just walk away and let
Isis to pop back around however the UN
never actually approved a foreign
military invasion in Syria the United
Nations Charter only recognizes two
scenarios for the use of force in a
foreign country
one is the Security Council's member
states voting for military action once
all diplomatic measures have been
exhausted another is when a state asks
for help like the Syrian government's
request to fight against terrorists with
Russia now this is not the first case
with American forces in Syria where the
us-led coalition has been moving troops
and bombing Syrian territory without any
consent from either the UN or the Syrian
government responding to James mattis
the country's foreign ministry again
underlined that it sees America's
presence in Syria as hostile the
presence of American forces in Syria
without Syrian government consent is
aggression and a violation of Syrian
sovereignty and the UN Charter military
analyst Kemal alarm explained to us why
he thinks the US presence in Syria has
no legal basis in terms of American
intervention in Syria it needs a
legitimate backing by the Syrian
government it does not have so so as far
as international law goes it's a clear
violation I think also it's a reflection
of u.s. frustration they're more or less
locked out of the Syrian war they don't
have much influence over the endgame and
by staying in they want to be some kind
of spoiler or at least some kind of
minor player towards the war in Syria I
think Syria can complain to United
Nations that within their right they
will have a legal charter as well so
this is a
is an international game going on
between government illegitimate
government has recognized by the UN they
are within their right to complain and
indeed take the u.s. to court over this
