pressure on RT began after US
intelligence claimed our channel was an
instrument for meddling and manipulation
in America back in September the Justice
Department then demanded we register as
a foreign agent social media then began
blocking our adverts to on Google
YouTube and Twitter and they did that
ahead of testimony in Congress despite
having no problem with RT prior to that
analysts we've spoken to believe that
the measures against RT America are
amount to a deflection tactic and an
unwillingness to acknowledge domestic
problems well let's get the views now
from Senator Richard black he's the
Virginia State Senator and joins us now
good evening Qi Richard thanks for
coming on firstly what's your reaction
then to the news that RT America is now
a foreign agent well I think that it
makes a mockery of free speech in the
United States we go around lecturing the
world about how they need to have
freedom of the press and freedom of
speech and yet here we are cracking down
on free speech I think it's important to
remember that the objective of doing
this to RT news is not to block
information from going to Russian
citizens it is to block the truth from
reaching the American public in the
United States so it absolutely makes a
mockery of free speech there's a
tendency to say well some of these
organizations engage in propaganda now I
will tell you that I know many many
Americans who have come to rely on RT
news as the most valid truthful
broadcast medium in the United States we
consider CNN Fox News and MSNBC all of
them are just a bunch of people
screaming back and forth at one another
most of it is just propaganda it is it
is a
dreama step in Yin and you listen to RT
news and they present very accurate
information that is verifiable when you
go and you and you actually research it
well and we should stress again rich of
course will still be broadcasting into
the u.s. RT America will still exist but
do you think this move is just has just
been done to try and tarnish our t to
perhaps persuade people not to watch us
well I think that is part of it they
want to undermine our T news in any way
that is possible here's the problem for
them RT News has been one of the
principal sources for accurate
information about what's going on in the
Middle East and it also has been a
source of accurate information about
NATO's provocations their military
provocations and their aggressive
actions towards Russia
in in Europe and I think probably more
than anything the disclosure of the the
deep-rooted corruption and the American
willingness to align itself with with al
Qaeda with with Noor al Zinke with
hideous hideous terror groups the fact
that this has been disclosed it's an
embarrassment because it's totally
censored on the broadcast news in the
United States in fact the United States
broadcast media has never reported on
the vast theater campaign waged by Syria
against Isis that that swept Isis out of
much of the nation all the way to dr.oz
or
meanwhile they reported nightly on much
lesser fighting that was going on by the
US organized
Kurdish forces up north of the Euphrates
River so what's happening is that the
American people have been able to obtain
news from various sources to compare the
information against the facts that they
see emerging on the ground and too many
Americans have been saying you know what
what we're seeing on RT news seems to be
much more factual than what we're seeing
on CNN and some of these other broadcast
media sources
I'm Richard before a minutes left or so
just as a regular guest one of our
regular guests he comes on to RT does
this make life more difficult for you
coming onto RT now that we're registered
as a foreign agent or do you think some
people would be more reluctant to appear
on our channel now you know they have
had a great deal of difficulty silencing
me they have tried in many ways and
frankly you know they can do whatever
they want I'm going to continue speaking
out but it does worry me when I see very
fine journalism by organizations like
Syria girl Syria girl it's a website but
a woman who has very very keen insight
into what's going on and they have
managed to silence her I do worry that
some people who are a little bit less
courageous perhaps will tend to to draw
back a little bit I hope not I hope that
RT remains a very robust source of news
because I rely on it and I will tell you
millions of Americans have come to rely
on RT news
okay well look rich we're going to have
to leave it there for now we've run out
of time but you're always welcome that
was a Senator Richard Black Virginia
state senator thing
kid
