although in welcome to crosstalk where
all things are considered I'm Peter
LaBelle what is the state of journalism
well let's have a look at the New York
Times the paper catalogues what is
called Russia gate its conclusion is
astounding this and much much more on
this edition of prostate
crosstalking some real news i'm joined
by my guests here in moscow mark sloboda
he's an international affairs and
security annals we also have Dimitri
Babak she's a political analyst with
Sputnik International and we have Glenn
deezen he is a professor at the higher
School of Economics
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate it
let's talk about the state of journalism
and let's talk about the state of the
New York Times in aren't there a recent
article a the same thing by now we're
gonna dissect this right now the plot to
subvert an election unraveling the story
the Russia story so far
now just the title it assumes that there
was a plot okay okay it's about a 10,000
word article there's a hundred and 99
paragraphs in paragraph five we have
president Trump's Twitter outbursts that
this is all a hoax and a witch-hunt in
the face of a mountain of evidence to
the contrary I have taken a toll on
public comprehension and then we go down
to after that the reader is tortured for
many many paragraphs we go to paragraph
1 7 8 mr. Trump's frustrations with the
Russian investigation is not surprising
he is right that no public evidence has
emerged showing that his campaign
conspired with Russia in the election
interferes or accepted Russian money
mark interesting what happened in
between I don't know it's not very
important because paragraph 183 I think
it was contradicts completely paragraph
5 and the rest is I think it was a
somewhat up it at his Trump's denials
which evidently they say there's no
evidence of later has taken a pothole on
public comprehension ie the public isn't
believing what we want them to believe
about what happened the rest 129 hundred
a paragraphs in between is innuendo
speculation and from from cherry-picked
intelligence assessments not even
official reports and indictments
that amazing what having never been
proven in any court of law anything and
have nothing to do with Russia Dima
the problem is that this article is so
long but it actually has very little
facts in it you know it's all bad kind
of romantic fiction let me just quote it
we've had a stealth cyber age Pearl
Harbor carried out by an inexplicably
sinister Russia that sounds like you
know this tree right you know romance
novels and and that that reminds me of
the worst times in Soviet and German
journalism I mean if you read the Soviet
or German news between nineteen thirty's
ten percent of the Buddha fans ninety
percent it would be about bloody
imperialists you know who want what it
is it is trying to control a certain
narrative about what's going on in
politics I mean and that's what I did I
mean I found it interesting I didn't
find it right before the show here but
the New York Times did something similar
marker about six or eight months or a
you crane you know and then they rewrote
their entire history all over again
and this is what they're doing also here
is that this they're saying this is the
standard narrative but if you've been
watching this this program watching Fox
News you would have a completely
different view of what Russia Russia
Russia means like no I agree and I think
that this this replacement of facts with
this emotional rhetoric kind of
demonstrate that they yeah obviously
building this case on anything but pure
evidence but I guess overall I would be
a bit concerned about the state of
journalism as you open up with because
this is just emotional rhetoric but
every time they do put forward evidence
we often find that usually there's no
evidence around it
there are also several occasions we see
that it's been disproven but that in for
example Russia hacks the electric grids
or the voting booths but what happens
after these journalists obviously got it
completely wrong
sound accountable are the news outlets
helicopter people been fired okay CNN
fire overall I think that it essentially
gets a lot of the clicks and at the end
of the day their efforts in terms of
mobilizing international kimmy against
Russia's still succeed I think Trump
yeah first of all I want to equate us
too much with Fox News there is another
narrative that is completely different
they're all their narrative plural right
Dima and I'm worried for you if you
think that's romantic fiction your love
life is in serious jeopardy we need to
take you out on the one more paragraph
here that I thought was interesting and
glad was talking about evidence and the
public case that mr. Putin succeeded in
delivering the presidency to his admirer
mr. Trump so it cannot be proved or
disproved plausible case it cannot be
proved or disparate look this is the way
they write this article this is the way
that the legal system justice and and
the media should work if you're making
an exact key accusation you have to
prove it we don't have to disprove
something that you can't even attempt to
prove proving the neck the problem is
that it's not just emotional it's
immoral and sometimes it's an outright
lie let me let me quote just Russians
hijacked American citizens feelings
about immigration and race feelings
how can you hijack a feeling you know
then also this is my favorite the US had
begged Democratic anti-russian forces in
the so called cover revolutions you know
surreptitiously they make this sign of
equality between democratic and anti
Russia if you are anti-russian then you
a democratic well they forget to mention
that the Ukrainian regime which the US
helped to install has been thousands of
Russian artists and writers has
basically slamming our correspondent
with
therefore a conference on on freedom of
speech and she was thrown out of the
country sometimes detained people get
detained simply for coming there with
journalists purposes you know this
regime is awful it's not democratic at
all and then the same journalist quad
Shan six months ago he wrote an article
the u.s. is doing the same thing that is
like the gist of the article he says we
do it too
says and former CIA officials who has
been working for 30 years as a chief of
the anti-russian operations so again
score changes quoting him do us
absolutely carried out election
influenced operations and I hope we keep
doing it and of course very core of
America's sense of exceptionalism of
course meddling in electing someone
else's election is wrong but is when we
do it when the u.s. does it it is
because of virtuous reasons Glenn no and
of course this this sorry this I did
that America has the right to do it I
think that's what's annoying the Russian
government as well because at the end of
the day you know that's an
understatement respective of whether or
not Russia actually did it or not it is
worth well I'm sorry the the propaganda
I guess it I think it's worth having a
debate about to what extent it should be
permitted to interfere somewhat in other
elections but of course that's what yeah
the Russian president also by if you
have your high government official let's
guess who I'm talking about you're a
high government official you have a
private server that is not secure don't
you think every single intelligence
agency in the world would go start
looking oh we found an unsecured server
okay
that's what intelligence operations are
all about so why should you surprise
when foreign countries try to find out
what's going on covertly when the United
States is doing the same thing around
the world 24/7 mark first of all Dima in
the New York Times defense
on this racism a it's a well-known fact
that racism did not exist in the US
until a few supposedly Russian trolls on
Facebook posted a few racist memes
divided to arise just because of these
thirteen st. Petersburg now go ahead on
this whole thing about us meddling in
Russia's elections and the long history
of it to be fair the US only does it to
democratize Russia and every other
country around the world as you know
we've seen the US has meddled in more
countries elections according to
Carnegie Mellon Mellon research than any
other country in the world by far but on
the other hand what exactly is Russia
accused of assuming assuming they did it
which I haven't seen the evidence
they're accused of hacking some emails
that exposed that the Democratic the
party the DNC colluded with Hillary
Clinton to rig their own primary is
there any greater active democratization
than proving that the u.s. rigs its own
elections well if it's true you could
imagine you know Putin saying you're
welcome and it's also also and look if
you want to look for outside meddling
then you can look at Christopher Steele
we can look at fusing GPS and
cryptically cryptically cryptically
Donald Trump said recently on the stump
and that America's allies are concerned
about the release of these emails and
text messages we can all speculate who
those allies are I mean well being
ironic about this interference but the
same guys got chained in February writes
it quite openly in New York Times yes at
the New York Times Russian and American
interferences in the elections have not
been morally equivalent and of the quote
according to the new because the
Americans always supported the Democrats
and tried to limit the influence of
authoritarian governments while Russians
did the opposite and and they provide
the statistics the
intervened in 81 elections worldwide and
Russians together with the Soviet period
in just 36 I mean can you imagine them
sitting there cultivating and you know
what are their criteria so there where
there's good meddling and there's bad
meddling there is no good
have you seen this pre Lutz the Star
Wars yes yes this is a popular meme that
has obi-wan telling a young Darth Vader
Anakin don't dare attack I have the high
ground that every time I hear a US
officials say this we have the moral
high ground
don't you dare hold your dead body we're
gonna go to a short break and after that
short break we'll continue more
discussion on some real news stay
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on peter Lavelle
to remind you we're discussing some real
news
okay now we're joined by Martin J he's
in Beirut and he's our a freelance
broadcast journalist Martin it's good to
have you back on the program let's talk
a little bit about what's going on with
Russia Israeli relations in lieu of
what's happened in the last week or so
with the the shooting down of an America
of a Russian jet accidentally we're told
here what has been the fallout go ahead
Martin well it's at the moment it's up
in the air this is a very serious
subject which is really not getting the
correct amount of bandwidth from Western
media and that's largely because the
relationship that Israel has with Russia
is a very special one Israel is the only
Western ally which is active in Syria
and at the moment but has a very special
relationship with Russia at least it has
recently so I think what's happening now
is that we're all the analysts and the
journalists were scratching our heads
and wondering what's the next step now
from this tete-a-tete there's a lot of
duplication and confusing messages which
are coming from Russia which I think
it's helping if I can be computed but
some but I think Israel is now in a
really difficult position because this
special relationship may well have to be
put on hold and a whole new new set up
set of rules and may will have to be
drawn up between Russia and Israel you
know you've got a situation now where by
a tacit relationship a tacit agreement
since Russia entering the theater of war
in Syria which allowed the Israelis to
bomb at will across Syria now that's
going to have to be drawn into question
I mean Putin allowed Israel to do that
because you have to remember Israel not
so much since September 2015 when Russia
came into Syria you know it's lost all
of its extremists in the south you know
until that point things are very good
for Israel but now you know it's at
all-time low and what we're witnessing
in my view is a sort of insecurity pang
from Netanyahu which is reaching new
limits I mean I think with the downing
of the Russian jet there were several
lessons learnt there are several
messages which came across as well yeah
well
let's let's talk about some of those
lessons here Marco I mean you've been
watching this very very carefully has
this relationship Russia and Israel
changed as a after this tragedy the loss
of life here I would say that it should
but at least from the Russian president
and his words diplomatically spoken
Samara tried a wiry tip thematically
spoken a little too diplomatically
spoken as far as I'm concerned the
Russian Ministry of Defence made clear
they said that the Israeli aircraft can
conducting I think the 208 illegal
unilateral attack violating Syria's
sovereignty on what they claimed was
Iran and Hezbollah in Syria as if Syria
doesn't have the right to control its
own ally you know to choose its own
allies through that helped it fight off
Israel's proxies jihadis 200 and some
attack and supposedly they did it using
a Russian reconnaissance plane that was
frantically trying to land to get out of
the conflict area as cover and then the
Syrian air defense might have
accidentally of the fence accidentally
locked on to it with a with a passive
radar detection it's a much bigger radar
signature than the Israeli f-16s so the
Russian Ministry says it clearly blames
Israel for this first of all they never
should have been talking an illegal
attack on Syria to begin with if they
had some idea that it could be a threat
to their security they should have taken
their evidence to the UN Security
Council of course but you know for me
I'm a go-to demon here this has some
echoes of the USS Liberty attack on the
American what was in the 1967 we're an
American ships and sailors were attack
and sailors were killed go ahead well
it's true whether this comparison was
made in Russia but the main points on
which there the Russian Defense Ministry
concentrated in its press conference
about this was
first the Israeli planes did not leave
the area immediately
you know they were there and they
offered help only 15 or 20 minutes after
the plane was down actually second
Russia actually did everything to to
ensure Israel's security by its actions
in Syria Russians helped to remove the
anti Israeli forces from the Golan the
carrier and all the area approach in
Golan Heights and in general in the
south of Israel there was an agreement
between Netanyahu and Putin that Russia
would help Israel okay Martin Jay here
real quick on Martin I mean the the
Damascus government has been petitioning
very heavily for more advanced
anti-aircraft technology and that has
been hotly debated and the Russian side
has pulled back do you think the the
Russian government now is going to
change its position oh it may will do I
mean I think this issue throws the
debate up into the air I mean you may
well see a scenario that's coming weeks
of Russian Syrian and Iranian military
advisors sitting around the table and
seeing what could we do to prevent this
happening again it may well not even be
anti-aircraft missiles on the ground it
may well even be jets in the sky because
you could remember that so far until
this point when Israel muscles across
Lebanon illegally I might not into Syria
who carries out these sorties it doesn't
usually have any other planes at all
yeah when it's arising its main its main
problems on the ground so I'm wondering
whether this is the point now where as
such people say look you know we've got
an outdated decrepit Air Force but
perhaps this is the time now to looked
at mr. Putin for some more military and
maybe a few s few Russian jets in the
sky with with Syrian Air Force badges on
the rear wing may well be what's needed
but I think there's a certain amount of
panicking going on which i think is
which is which is rather dangerous at
the moment I mean I think Putin is
probably going to use this now I was a
certain teacher to exercise a certain
amount of leverage against his friend in
inverted commas mr. Netanyahu because
how long can this on our relationship
carry on whereby you have these sorties
being carried out
right and you know it's it's it's often
none reported but 118 Iranian soldiers
in last year were killed and you know
how long can the Iranians and Hezbollah
and even the Assad government you know
continue to accept this completely
illogical arrangement of this strange
relationship you know something's got to
give somewhere I think that's what
something has to give me I want to thank
you Martin J for joining us in Beirut
here let's continue this here Glenn I
think Martin really brings up a good
point I mean I hate to say it because
it's a cliche but we're at another
crossroads in Syria yes no I agree that
this is not the crossroads on the other
hand I do think that the Russian is
really a relationship will survive it
simply because it's good to survive but
I think it's going to transform as well
it may be well more than both sides have
an interest to make this thing go away
with the exception he pointed out that
the Russia should use this as a way to
push a bit back at this rallies and also
I think yeah what I mention in terms of
this strategic patience that Russia has
shown there's I think there's a limited
because of course it's in it's in
Russia's interest not to it creates too
many waves at the moment as the war is
coming to an end do you want you know if
you want this little disruptions as
possible on the other hand when the
Russia allows yeah other countries to
come in and bomb and they put its own
forces in jeopardy it has to ask
yourself whether or not is actually
promoting peace because foreign power
meaning both factors in next time the
British for example come and drop some
bombs they will come with the assumption
that Russia is not going to fight back
steady erosion okay strategic patience
okay and one more topic before we go I
want to talk about what's going on in
the Korean Peninsula Peninsula cuz I
think it's really really important
something we've talked about repeatedly
on this program if there's going to be
peace on the peninsula it's good to be
the Koreans that determine it and it's
happening Dima well we should not forget
that actually the sanction war continues
yep even though of course my point is
here we have the two leaders the two
Korean leaders that are making the right
sounds making the right moves the right
optics and who's lette who's left out on
the coal
the u.s. yes they don't I mean you have
the distinct impression they don't like
to pay somewhere this is going
psychologically I think the war between
North and South Korea is almost ended
because they agreed to make a bid for
the joint bid for the next Olympic Games
and and it's in 2032 still it's okay my
point is here is that they want to end
this conflict and if this conflict does
come to an end there's a big question
that's asked when and why would the US
continue to have troops in the south and
there was an interesting piece in the
hill this week where essentially that
was the conclusion at the end that the
US shouldn't accept any political
settlement that essentially reduces the
u.s. footprint and dominance in that
part of the world so I think that's all
America's interest is that in Korea so
obviously well well I think that was
also a point they put out quite
obviously this week because when the
Koreans both the north and south put
forward their ideas that we would like
to increase the physical transportation
corridor between them both rail and
roads essentially the americans told
their allies no sorry you can't do that
so essentially they're yeah they're
clients yeah well when your security
provider essentially tells you what you
can't do it's not even your native
language and you're doing it better than
we actually are an ally or a vassal
state so it is I think there is more
more awareness in South Korea as well
that if they do want to make peace with
the north then
they do have a problematic relationship
with us cause on the one hand they do
depend on for security on the other hand
it's limited what the Americans are
really have limited some remark yeah I
mean South Korea North Korea are
basically ignoring the u.s. at this
point which we long said on this show
they need to do and they're taking a
whole series of steps all right
they're they're starting to demilitarize
at a small scale the DMZ which is
ironically enough the most heavily
militarized area in the world they're
constructing having a North Korea
dismantle missile testing sites the
presidents of the two moon jae-in and
kim jongwan climbed a sacred mountain
sacred to both North and South Korea
historically you know to their culture
together all right these are all
confidence-building measures all being
taken of course thank thank God without
the u.s. in the room now the only thing
I'm worried about is what the US will
try to do to sabotage burgeoning peace
20 seconds yes well I mean this case
where the North and South Korea is a
classical case of sanctions being
ineffective there was a very good
article about sanctions in general in
the Americans conservatives this week
and it's very interesting that the
United States is at the same time
punishing China and wanting China to
basically it's also putting tariffs on
South Korea that's another topic for
another program here we run out of time
many thanks to my guests here in Moscow
and in Beirut this is the end of our
broadcast segment stay with us for the
extended version on our YouTube channel
see you next time and remember crosstalk
rules
now for the extended version of our
program where we have political
potpourri who's on deck Deema well The
Daily Telegraph made basically a full
story I mean if it's not even fake
journalism it's simply false you know
they reported that the Russia wants to
block Edessa
and that the Royal Navy and other
military significance exactly is a
russian-speaking city in the south of
Ukraine which is located on the Black
Sea historically the most important and
the most bustling port of the Russian
Empire or on the Black Sea and and it's
on the territory controlled now by the
Ukrainian regime but of course Russia is
not going to blockade it and of course
there was no you know there were no
facts that would indicate things moving
in that direction but we have the
British defense minister
Gavin Williamson coming to Ukraine going
to the border of the area held by the
rebels as usual as always on the side of
the Ukrainian government and making all
kinds of belligerent statements about
the need to he's good at that that's
German Chancellor Merkel came here just
recently and after that these people
expect us to believe that Europe is
neutral in this conflict that you'd
Europe can be a mediator that some kind
of peacekeepers from Europe can make
this area secure unfortunately they
abrogated that position when they didn't
condemn the coup regime when it happened
okay because as you said repeatedly in
this program eunuch Hall which was
everybody's friend until he wasn't their
friend here mark
fort Trump yeah okay so Trump is has
MIDI may pick up a Polish
begging the the poland has been begging
the us to put a permanent military which
may be violated be a violation or queen
the agreement nato and russia more fear
the colossal agreement motor so
agreements so it would actually be a
conventional armed forces in europe and
other and other treaties as well and the
poles have have are so desperate to be
militarily occupied by the united states
that they are willing to pay the united
states to build an a base and stationed
troops there
so trump has suddenly taken an eye up
favor of this idea was something he has
actually before spoken against them the
expense of US troops in poland
specifically because Poland has
evidently suggested naming the base to
be built on Russia's border for Trump
and this is all a little bit amazing
the Poland is literally begging for this
base but the polish media and elite
suddenly reacted with anger and said
they were humiliated because a picture
of Trump and the Polish president
signing a document together has Trump
sitting down and the Polish president
standing up so it's okay to beg the
United States offer to pay for US troops
on their territory to a point you feel
humiliated by a picture in Oakland one
of the things I think you know I like to
on this program think counter
intuitively let's say for example a big
American base is built in Poland as part
of NATO's infrastructure hypothetical if
there were some kind of conflict
wouldn't that base be the front line
that would be obliterated I mean you're
actually inviting a situation where you
have less security and not more no
of course I think this is either
discussion we should have had with NATO
expansion whatever this country should
have because you had the same question
with the Baltic States again it was
Russians who pulled out or dissolved the
Soviet Union themselves so that day that
yeah well the only reason why the
Russians would eventually come after
Poland over the Baltic states would be
because of this huge American military
presence so obviously they're painting a
big bullseye on themselves and that's
too bad but what they method because I
think we we often talked about how the
United States often its domestic
politics tend to dictates its foreign
policy which is often how you define an
irrational state and I think we can
expect to see more from Britain on this
as well because again if you see what
happening British politics now the
brexit discussions are going terribly
and as we discussed before the the
British are in a huge need now to
demonstrate their value to the rest of
the continent so essentially they are
the security provider Falkland Islands
all over again but I think here is I
think with the the the the UK elites are
doing is that as we go through this into
the wilderness with with Briggs that
they're trying to learn they're trying
to prove to Washington not their NATO
allies they're trying to prove to
Washington their value so the UK will be
they're you know they're they're the
go-to country when it comes to NATO
that's what I think and I think because
we have we have polling results that the
majority of Germans would like to see
American troops leave Germany I think
it's more than I think the UK is
attempting to wag the US door okay this
differently obviously coordinated
because this comes a deal didn't mention
the u.s. is stationing Royal Marine
Commandos in Ukraine right they're also
announced they're going to increase
British you know Royal Navy patrols of
the Black Sea which is quite a distance
from the United Kingdom and this is all
happening at the same time and you know
the same general location that the US
military in Ukraine is now building
building up at Ukraine
a naval base at old Ukrainian naval base
as a maritime operations Support Centre
this is building a naval base in Ukraine
and British troops are there to defend
it against Russia maybe taking offense
to the idea that US is building a naval
base there and we had William Gaveston
say that is it attempt to reverse the
outcome of the Cold War
well Russia's not trying to reverse the
outcome of the Kolbe trying to stop a
new one it's not happy about the outcome
of the West back push that overthrew the
Ukrainian government and he said we're
seeing Russian aggression not just on
the front line but being more
aggressively aggressive posture in the
Black Sea they want to open new fronts
wait a minute in the Black Sea no you
are opening new frontiers restart the
coal yes well I mean Kevin Williamson
might have forgotten that the last time
the Royal Navy was active in the Black
Sea in 1855 and also I mean history is
teaching us some lessons I mean how did
the US war in the Gulf start in 1881 by
constantly mentioning Saddam Hussein in
his people raping women I remember I
studied in the US at the time and now we
have the same methods used in US
domestic politics I mean this story with
Cavanaugh it's chicken coming back home
we've said it repeatedly on this program
and I'm absolutely convinced of it the
PlayBook in this iteration of it with
the destruction intentional destruction
of Yugoslavia and we have all these
other conflicts that PlayBook has been
perfected and John Brennan and Jim Comey
brought it to America having a force
regime change there one minute mark yeah
it lit memorandums i way back at the
beginning of last week was signed by
Russia and Turkey I think it's a really
bad move it gives Turkey more time with
the only thing I could do that's what I
kind of
- it's creating a frozen conflict
they're bowing down to us a
sabre-rattling that they won't allow any
attack on it lib and Turkey moving large
amounts of military and arms to the it
Lib frontlines to protect their proxy
Jia tease this creates a frozen conflict
turkey is not going to take actions
against al-qaeda they're cooperating
with al-qaeda and all the other jihadi
is there the best outcome is al-qaeda
and all the other jihadis
put on proxy Turkish uniforms and Turkey
continues to govern in Lib and you can't
have a political settlement in Syria
with a new Northern Cyprus governed by
the turkey with proxies on the ground
that believe that Sharia law should be
instituted in a secular it's
multi-confessional era Brazil two years
ago now three years ago the Brookings
Institution was talking they have their
big plan on partition yeah well it looks
like Turkey this is just giving Turkey
more time and they're actively putting
more Turkish troops and fortifying
themselves on Syrian territory I don't
know what Putin is I guess I guess it's
not politically correct to say these
days but the fat lady hasn't sung yet
that's all the time we have for our
extended version of our program I hope
you enjoyed it
we'll see you next week and remember
crosstalk rules
you
