now after facing months of pressure from
Washington RT America has now been
forced to register as a foreign agent in
the u.s. Leibert Ranko breaks down what
that means for the channel just think
about it
RT America is now officially a foreign
agent in the u.s. 80 years after fara
came into being our US branch registered
under the foreign agents Registration
Act which dates back to the times before
the Second World War back then the
purpose was to make sure that no minds
of US citizens are influenced by
organizations funded by Nazi Germany
whatever was the purpose of the US
Department of Justice in the 21st
century
they set a deadline for RT America RT
America chose to meet the deadline
because nobody wants to be in trouble
with US law enforcement so let's just
take a look at some of the things that
our US branch could now be obliged to do
all the time for example that is
attaching a public disclaimer to every
piece of information that gets sent out
or filing a copy or a version of it to
the US Department of Justice within 48
hours of transmission and I'll tell you
that it will take a long time to adjust
to this new reality and even to figure
out whether it is possible in the first
place does that mean that every tweet
that gets posted Barty America requires
a disclaimer does our channel in the US
now have to send all its tweets to the
US Department of Justice many experts
have argued that in the 21st century
with the current social media output
which is normal for all news
organizations it is simply impossible
although this cracked out on RT America
has been ignored largely by those who
you would expect to speak on the issues
with freedom of speech it didn't go
completely unnoticed take the Committee
to Protect Journalists that's a new
york-based NGO they were very critical
of the ultimatum set by the US
Department of Justice and hears bits of
their statement compelling RT to
register under fara as a bad idea
we're uncomfortable with governments
deciding what constitutes journalism or
propaganda and you may well argue that
the US authorities are applying double
standards here take China's CGT n
America that is operating in the u.s.
without any issues then the US version
of Al Jazeera was there for a few years
all perfectly fine and I won't be lying
if I say that here at RT we are waiting
for more critical reaction both from
individuals and NGOs when it comes to
Russia's retaliation it is still work in
progress the lawmakers are working on it
but we just heard Sergei Lavrov the
Russian Foreign Minister once again say
that steps in response will be taken
certain measures mean adequate measures
you may come up with different synonyms
but as our president already said it our
reaction will be swift as its stronger
so let's be patient the question now is
which media outlets will be affected by
this retaliation previously Russian
officials said that it could be American
based media or media organizations that
are directly funded by the US government
think Voice of America or the likes of
CNN the video channel that is operating
in Russia called current time and also
Radio Free Europe slash Radio Liberty
now here's something important in order
for these news outlets to become foreign
agents in this country Russia's own
legislation requires amendments and
currently the MPs are sorting this out
we also heard from the vice speaker for
the Duma he says that according to the
drafted amendment news agencies will not
be touched but if a news organization is
not a news agency but it's from any
other country not only the US or if it
gets funding from abroad it may find
itself on the list of foreign agents in
Russia right just to remind you the
pressure on RT began after US
intelligence claimed her channel was an
instrument for meddling and manipulation
in America back in September the Justice
Department then demanded we register as
a foreign agent social media then began
blocking our adverts on Google YouTube
and Twitter they did that ahead of
testimony in Congress despite having no
problem with RT
prior to that I Lois that we have spoken
to believe the measures against RT
America amount to a deflection tactic
and unwillingness to acknowledge
domestic problems let's say ask some
questions now I go to markets
Papadopoulos market says publisher and
editor of politics first mark it's
always good to have you on the program
just in the overall thing that's
happening here why is RT do you think
facing such unprecedented pressure from
the US government and being forced to
register as that a foreign agent well
I'm very concerned about this
development because what it means is
that freedom of speech and freedom of
the press in America is under attack
it's under attack not just by the
American government it's under attack by
American mainstream media and when you
put the American government and American
mainstream media together you come up
with the the American establishment and
the real reason why RT is under attack
by the American establishment is because
RT for a number of years now has been
exposing the reckless criminal a
murderous foreign policy of Washington
RT has almost single-handedly exposed in
the context of Syria how the American
government has been supporting the
various Islamist Wahhabist terrorist
groups operating in that country
including Isis so now the American
government for the American government
it is payback time the Committee to
Protect Journalists has criticized the
murder market to what extent do you
think we're going to see other media
rights groups politicians speak out
about this because as you alluded to
it's a slippery slope is it not that if
this can happen to RT where is the line
drawn after that well as I said I
believe these are very very dangerous
times for America in the context of
freedom of speech I sincerely hope that
as many right minded politicians and
journalists in America will speak out
against it but you know there's another
dimension to this what does this mean
for American citizens who are working
for RT
in America I'm very alarmed by the
consequences the possible consequences
of listing our tea as a foreign agents
because firstly it could severely damage
the reputation and the integrity of
American citizens who are working for
our tea and thereby it could deprive
them of a livelihood but also let's be
aware of an even more sinister potential
consequence we are all aware of the
anti-russian hysteria at present in
America now an American nationalists or
summin in America who is mentally
unsound could one day see an American
citizen reporting for our tea and then
think to themselves well this is a this
is a Russian propagandists this is a
this is an American citizen who is a
traitor and who is representing our
foreign governments action needs to be
taken against them this person concerned
a nationalist or someone that's not well
mentally speaking could take things into
their own hands and could physically
harm American citizens grateful working
for RT yeah okay just further and think
on that point because RT ok receives
funding from the Russian government but
how does that distinguish it from other
state funded media working in the US is
it apart from the fact that it's Russia
and not for instance Britain or France
when you're talking about BBC or France
24 the difference is a hard line there
yes
look Russia RT is is is funded by the
Russian government no different to how
BBC News is funded by the British
government if American policymakers are
going to contend that our T's Russian
propaganda well then the logical
conclusion to draw from that is that BBC
news is British propaganda the reality
is there are T is being targeted because
it is exposing as I said the reckless
murderous and criminal foreign policy of
America RT has shown how the Americans
are collaborating with the numerous
terrorist groups
Syria from Isis to al-nusra - to the FSA
and of course American policymakers are
acutely aware that the Russia of today
in 2017 is a very powerful country and
it is challenging American global
dominance Marcus thanks for your time
and thoughts this hour in coming on the
program Marcus Papadopoulos he's the
publisher and editor of politics first
in the UK
