next the US Army's widening its
recruitment pool by allowing people with
a history of serious mental illness to
enlist but psychiatrists warned that it
could cause further harm to vulnerable
recruits Callum open has the story
mental health issues no longer rule you
out of serving in the American army at
this point according to documents
acquired by USA Today if you have a
history of depression drug and alcohol
abuse bipolar disorder or even
self-mutilation you can apply for a
waiver and join the US military the
decision was primarily due to the
increased availability of medical
records and other data which is now more
readily available
these records allow army officials to
better document applicant medical
histories what's more important if you
look at the reasons is that the Army is
having trouble recruiting new soldiers
the number of waivers for marijuana use
have increased as well chief of staff
mark Milley says that the army should be
between five hundred and forty thousand
and five hundred and fifty thousand but
at this point it's only four hundred and
seventy six thousand active duty
personnel people just aren't signing up
many of today's youth are not in clients
want to leave their family and friends
they don't want to leave their relatives
family and friends they oppose them
joining the military service it was kind
of sad to find out for me being a prior
soldier that the American public when we
did the research they thought of the
army as the lower left-hand quadrant and
we joined the army because we had
nothing else to do lowering the
standards of recruitment makes sense but
it does present some problems in 2005
the standards were lowered for similar
reasons and as a result the level of
basic education among troops
dramatically decreased by 2007 about 30
percent of America's fighting men and
women did not have a high school diploma
in 2012 the standards and restrictions
went up but now once again there's a
shortage of people in uniform so once
again the rules are changing a lot of
the standards have been changed and
adjusted we have relaxed the standards
too much in my opinion we have recruited
very heavily in the volunteer force of
what I would call the
or middle class and the lower class in
our societies that are not wealthy and
that that is a fact the volunteer army
is very expensive to fund to educate to
train and so on the incursion and
movement into the Middle East the way we
did into Afghanistan and rocks that took
a heavy toll on our armed forces the
United States boasts of having the most
powerful military in the world but if
you look at how far they're willing to
go and lowering the standards of who can
be recruited it seems there are fewer
Americans that want to be part of it
Kayla Maupin Marty New York
