so the former First Minister of Scotland
is Artie's newest talk-show host with
the first episode - we're here this
Thursday it's quick preview of what
what's installed in on the Alex Salmond
show not just the straight political
show is about people and personalities
of the day and find out something about
the characters behind the public face of
these personalities and what they've got
to say perhaps even about issues which
are not normally related to their to the
eyes of their business or their
political political views I mean I think
that's of interest as well to see
something of the human being behind the
public figure are you not afraid have
been hosts in Russia - the programme
taking into consideration all the
publications on the media attention to
Russia today kind of anticipated that
question eyes they thought it might be
from the Sun no the the Daily Mail but a
bit under Isis I had a quick scan back
through the Russia Today broadcasting
and accounted 50 Labour MPs that they
Tory MPs 14s MP MP seven liberals
Frisian feign to DUP in a green a fall
appeared on Russia Today programs so you
know if if it's good enough for John
McDonnell Jeremy Corbyn Diane Abbott
John redwood Crispin Blount Liam Fox Ian
Black for Vince Cable and Caroline Lucas
then I can probably withstand any
criticism that they they experienced as
well well he's already able to withstand
the sort of criticism he was expecting
with headlines bashing and examines
choice to appear here on our channel for
a start British newspaper The Times
didn't hold back mr. Salmons service for
the propaganda outlets of a hostile
foreign autocracy does indeed evinced a
lack of judgment self respect and shame
even the current leader of the Scottish
National Party Sam's own party express
heard oh hi there been asked which I was
and I would have advised him to seek
another channel to hear the Sean but of
course Alec is not currently an elected
politician and he's free to meet
whatever decisions
he wishes to meet well I found that
slightly odd actually because normally
the Scottish National Party the party
that that both members of he's normally
pretty cohesive well I think it's very
odd this situation that we seem to be
increasingly in where people want to
know platform various individuals and
various stations you see all the time
news articles saying isn't it
disgraceful the ex politicians share the
platform with somebody or isn't it
terrible that why politician turned up
on various stations in various countries
I believe in a plurality I believe
actually that people should appear on
whatever TV or radio station or whatever
platform they want because it's
important to create a sense of dialogue
we don't want to be in a position where
all we ever get is the BBC it's worth
hearing different opinions and RT for
all these failings does do that
