Russia's Defense Ministry earlier on
saying that the Israeli military holds
full responsibility for the downing of
that Russian military aircraft in Syria
earlier this week that killed all 15
servicemen on board in a statement to
the media the Russian military presented
a detailed timeline of the incident in
concluding that the actions of the
Israeli Air Force did lead to the
tragedy Israel had previously blamed the
downing on Syria Iran and Hezbollah our
senior correspondent more Agastya of
next looks at how it could affect
relations forthcoming between Russia and
Israel especially considering their
previous history whatever side you ask
no one's guilty culpable or liable
everyone blames someone else Israel
holds the Assad regime whose military
shot down the Russian plane fully
responsible for this incident Israel
also holds Iran and Hezbollah terrorist
organization accountable for this
unfortunate incident this regrettable
incident is the result of the usual
Israeli impedance and rowdiness who
always used the filthiest means to
achieve their unsavory goals and enact
their hostility in our region
was it the Syrians who launched the
missile while fending off a surprise air
raid on their country was it the
Iranians Hezbollah who apparently had an
arms factory that just had to be bombed
or was it the israelis who reportedly
hid behind russian aircraft the
presented objective data testified that
the actions of Israeli fighter pilots
which led to the loss of life of fifteen
Russian servicemen either lacked
professionalism or were an act of
criminal negligence
to say the least Russia holds Israel
responsible that is clear and Israel's
excuses have been dismissed as just that
excuses the Israeli regime put the
Russian servicemen at risk intentionally
in order to be able to carry out this
attack on on Syria which is of course
illegal in itself the arrogance of
Netanyahu has caused him great
difficulty now because he has to be
answerable to
the Russian people and instead of
apologizing as usual the Israelis are
looking for scapegoats Israel insists it
had to bomb the Iranians Hizballah there
and then yet how many times is Israel
now had to bomb Syria dozens and dozens
monthly to stop Iranian and Qi
aggression it says how many times has
Iran attacked Israel and this puts
Russia in a tough spot its trademark
selling point of being friends with
everyone may be impossible to keep up
Russia is now quite even-handed in the
Middle East and he tries to keep good
relations with all the parties with
Israel with the Arabs with the
Palestinians Turkey with Iran I wonder
how long will it last that you can be a
friend of everybody because by the end
of the day we are dealing with a very
fragile reality in the Middle East with
very contradicting powers and a lot of
atrocity as we know it violence but
Russia thought it could manage and why
not look at all it has done for Israel
when Russia flew near the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights they
warned them three hundred and ten times
they notified Israel when Israel bombed
Syria Russia never shot down Israeli
jets or missiles even when they posed
the danger to Russian personnel at
Israel's request Russia tore up a deal
to sell Syria s 300 air defense systems
which would have made Israeli air raids
much more difficult Israel expressed its
concerns as soon as the s-300 deal with
Syria was signed Israel concluded that
with these new air defense systems Syria
would have been able to cover all of
Israel's airspace that means that
Damascus could have shot down Israeli
military planes just seconds after
takeoff the Israelis said they cannot
let that happen they expressed their
alarm and asked Moscow to break the deal
Rush's answered israel's concerns by
first suspending the contracts and then
withdrawing from it completely and
returning four hundred million dollars
that had already received from the
Syrian government Russia helped broker a
deal to keep Iranian and Hezbollah
forces in Syria away from the Golan
Heights from the Israeli border at
Israel's request in Golan Heights the
Russian military at Israel's request
launched a special operation to identify
and exhume the remains of Israeli
soldiers dead for decades and Russia got
UN troops back to the Golan Heights
after six years at the request of Israel
with the assistance of the Russian force
all iran-backed formations with heavy
weapons were withdrawn from the Golan
Heights to a safe distance for Israel
more than 140 kilometers to the east of
Syria in 2016 at the urgent request of
the chief of the General Staff of the
Israel Defense Forces Israel received
the Maga three tank captured in 1982 in
Lebanon and kept in Russia ever since
and then there's the diplomatic cover
Russia's given Israel by backing it up
in the UN Security Council who by
protecting Israel from Obama's parting
shots no Russia has been helping Israel
a lot Moscow has always taken Israeli
interest into account especially when it
comes to the Middle East settlement for
example in 2016 the outgoing Obama
administration tried to push the draft
resolution on the israeli-palestinian
settlement at the UN Security Council
that resolution would have adopted
artificial circumstances for the
settlement which were unacceptable for
Israel Russia took israel's concerns
into account and despite then US
Secretary of State John Kerry bombarding
Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov with
requests to vote in favor of it Russia
didn't do it
Moscow helped Israel in that case so the
resolution didn't pass you'd have
thought Israel would be grateful or at
least appreciate the effort but 15
Russian service
now dead killed in the crossfire of
Israel's pre-emptive vendetta's which
means one of two things either the
Israeli government has no care at all
for all that Russia has done or that the
Israeli military leads a very separate
life the director of a think tank that
focuses on the Middle East told us
earlier it's clear from the timeline now
why Moscow is pointing the finger at
Israel they say it was deliberate that
the Israeli pilots chose to take refuge
in in a plane or around a plane with a
large or a much larger footprint on the
radar screens ie the il or the illusion
20 he says that this was deliberate now
it's not clear and I don't think anybody
can go as far as determining the
intentions of the Israeli pilots ie did
they took refuge in this plane so that
the Syrians don't shoot or they took
refuge in the plane and this plane so
that the Syrians if they shoot it would
be shot down there is a fine line
between the two analogies this is why he
said this is close to criminal
negligence you know at one end and great
unprofessionalism in in one end so what
is happening is that had it not not only
been for the operation but also for the
actions of the Israeli airplanes and the
misleading of the thing regarding the
theater of operations none of this would
have happened so it's clear for the for
Moscow that Israel is to blame now how
or where Moscow goes from there is is
what remains to be seen
you
