Washington has been urging Iraq to pull
Shia militias backed by Iran out of the
country now that their anti-isil mission
is over US Congress is currently
considering slapping sanctions on the
militias but the response from Baghdad
has been harsh and it seems that several
other countries are also not exactly on
the same page with Washington
any foreign fighters in Iraq need to go
home and allow the Iraqi people to
regain control of areas that had been
overtaken popular mobilization units
fighters should be encouraged because
they are the hope of the country and the
region no party has the right to
interfere in Iraqi affairs
many of Civility listenlisten we told
secretary Tillerson that as far as trade
is concerned our trade with North Korea
has decreased significantly as far as
the question about the embassy goes our
embassy there is very small but there is
in fact an embassy i told secretary
Tillerson that some other friendly
countries should maintain embassies
there
we do need the support I think of our
allies the European allies and others to
make the case as well to Iran that this
appeal really has to be revisited we
have the international community
strongly behind the full implementation
of the deal I think we developed a very
bad habit during the early 1990s when we
emerged as they say the sole remaining
superpower and we were in a position
where pretty much everybody did whatever
we told them to do I think that those
habits die hard that people get into the
habit of thinking we can tell you to do
this we can tell you to do that but they
think we don't we that we don't think
that they notice that we're not as
strong as we were say 20 years ago
relative to other powers
