could you once and for all definitively
sir
yes or no say whether or not you believe
that President Putin and/or Russia
interfered in the election what I said
that I'm surprised that there's any
conflict on this what I said there's
that I believe he believes that and it's
very important for somebody to believe I
believe that he feels that he and Russia
did not meddle in the election as to
whether I believe it or not I'm with our
agencies especially as currently
constituted with their leadership I
believe in our Intel agencies our
intelligence agencies I've worked with
him very strongly there weren't
seventeen as was previously reported
there were actually four but they were
saying there was 17 there were actually
four but as currently led by fine people
I believe very much in our intelligence
agencies now at the same time I want to
be able because I think it's very
important to get along with Russia to
get along with China to get along with
Vietnam to get along with lots of
countries because we have a lot of
things we have to sell and frankly
Russia and China in particular can help
us with the North Korea problem which is
one of our truly great problems so I'm
not looking to stand and start arguing
with somebody when this report is all
around and cameras recording and seeing
our conversation I think it was very
obvious to everybody I believe that
President Putin really feels and he
feels strongly that he did not meddle in
our election what he believes is what he
believes what I believe is that we have
to get to work and I think everybody
understood this that heard the answer we
have to get to work to solve Syria to
solve North Korea to solve Ukraine to
solve terrorism Russia's been very very
heavily sanctioned they were sanctioned
at a very high level and that took place
very recently it's now time to get back
to healing a world that is shattered and
broken those are very important things
and
I feel that having Russia in a friendly
posture as opposed to always fighting
with them is an asset to the world and
an asset to our country not a liability
and by the way Hillary Clinton had the
reset button she wanted to get back
together with Russia
she even spelled reset wrong that's how
it started and then it got worse
President Obama wanted to get along with
Russia but the chemistry wasn't there
getting along with other nations is a
good thing not a bad thing believe me
it's a good thing not a bad thing
