nom now where President Putin has given
a media conference at the APEC summit in
Vietnam let's listen to what was said to
ensure the comfortable operation and
work very good atmosphere no doubt
second thing is that the very topic our
meeting is very very important while
here we have mostly well Russian
journalist and back and why should we
pay very much attention to digital
economy well in various aspects of it
raise this very question and that's very
topical never up today because we need
to unite our efforts in well defining it
in looking for ways to solve the
problems difficult to do that on one's
own because if we speak about the small
medium-sized enterprises we need to
understand how to integrate it into the
overall economic system economic
mechanism to find out what we need to do
we have some concrete proposals we laid
them down and also I have to find the
necessary definitions for digital
economy digital trade and so on and so
forth the things look simple the fact we
need to consider that very thoroughly we
also should understand the consequences
for the society some say that the new
technologies editor view economy can be
dangerous because too many jobs are
going to be kind of I would say we can
well we engage the personnel the
employees we need to work with the labor
unions we need to work with the world
labor organization and other
organizations that always discuss during
the summit also we touched other matters
fight against terrorism for instance
situation and the energy market because
during the business lunch we've just
been discussing that topic also we spoke
about the future of AIPAC because the
trade increased by several folds during
the work the existence of
that is an achievement we spoke about
the need to further liberate the markets
to build new kinds of relations within
the well unify trade area because some
say that it's a bit too early premature
to talk about that because the levels of
economic growth different but still miss
Lagarde set forth a very interesting
proposal on the further steps be taken
so your global economy as we know the
well the forecasts are very good but
risks are there we should be well aware
of them that the risk are that the
developed economies see the downturn in
the income increase and that was the
buying capability of people are not
rising we need to be careful about the
fiscal and Chinese policies economies
should be reformed structurally we
discussed all that all that is
interesting important and very much up
to date these discussions are very much
up to date we have the general
understanding of where we should be
heading and that's important please rest
year weeks were your well problem
meeting with mr. Trump as I understand
you were standing conversation as some
said well can you tell us what was the
topic and why there was a failure to
organize the full format meeting well
let's pull that meeting first we
understand that we had very tight
shadows both had very tight schedules
and also there were certain formalities
about the protocol our teams failed to
well to find out a way out of that
dialogue or formalities well we'll well
will be lectured a bit about
the right ways to overcome these
difficulties but we still had a
conversation with others and we I think
discussed all we needed to discuss
mainly mainly we talked about the topic
discussed at the very summit itself know
it talks about how we can well harvest
the potential of the digital economies
for further development of garlic ties
also we well we adopted to join us
statement on the fight against terrorism
in Syria that's important and in that
sense I mean the first and the second
thing I mentioned the work of the
silence of AIPAC was very fruitful well
generally successful because it's not as
easy to adopt a joint statement of Syria
experts been working on that statement
in the run-up to the summit itself and
already yesterday we were finalizing a
document and the Prime Minister and
state secretary they'd be working on all
the issues which appeared after the text
was proposed by the experts and just now
we adopted that document with the United
States that's a very crucial document
because it says for some principle
things first we continue the fight
against terrorism that is of outmost
importance for the United States and for
us especially in the light of the recent
tragic events which happened there which
have to do with the terrorist acts
recent terrorist acts that's important
for us as I said as we've been
confronting that evil for quite a time
and it's important for the whole
international community because of the
fight against terrorism will be
continued will join our effort will
continue to apply joint efforts who is
well most important that we reaffirm the
sovereignty of the country in spirit or
integrity
we agreed heartily fight will be over
the chair is evil will be
we're educated we will start the
political efforts under the auspices of
the United Nations and the details well
you can find these details I think that
the staple is already well published
good day the commissar newspaper mr.
Putin the USS so called anti-russian
investigations which are made more and
more prominent in the United States
because well some ministers of United
States are being well accused of having
ties with Russia nor anything that is of
the some of the Trump's team members
were also in contact with Russian
authorities who that's the first thing
second thing is when finally we are well
we are tired of waiting just whenever
you tell us that things well as for the
second part of question I will leave it
without answer the time will come we'll
talk about that one day it's for the
first part well we've said many times at
all it has today was so-called Russian
dose here it's just the sign of the
inner domestic struggle in the United
States these things you mentioned well I
wear them but don't know that any of my
relatives as they say have any
connections with the members of the
administration of this some officials I
go to know about that yesterday from mr.
paskoff no no anything about that
absolutely nothing that's just bollocks
I think I saw the Minister of Trade if
I'm not mistaken right
mr. straight of the United States well
he used to be a businessman the shipping
company I believe he was one of the
owners of it and it was a global company
so he signed contracts were the entities
across the world maybe with Russian
companies - that's business
it has nothing to do with politics I
don't even remember his name
I just heard it a couple of days ago so
there's nothing to investigate
but if they want
well they can what do they can do what
they want looking for some sensation but
there are no sensations in here's from
mist manifold well is being well related
associated was Russia by some but his
only association is that when he he was
well I may be wrong but maybe he was
head of a PR agency he signed a contract
as a businessman we've been working with
Ukraine with a former president of
Ukraine miss Tina koishi-sama so I don't
understand how that can be related to
Russia because there is nothing to do
with Russia is just empty I don't talk
and share desire to have at least
something into battle the current
president it's their business not ours
the RIA Novosti agency you have regular
meetings with the general secretary of
China mr. Chen ping but that meeting was
sure I thing because it took place right
after the session of the Communist Party
of China it wasn't very long meeting as
I know and you talked well behind closed
doors if I'm not mistaken what did you
discuss did you scarce North Korea and
well positions close or not what should
we expect it's a very topical issue
welcome China wouldn't been meeting a
regular basis because we have very good
relations will you discuss many topics
that's our biggest trade economic
partner more than 60 billion dollars of
trade that's after the decrease and we
will get the level we want if we
maintain the current growth levels and
in the upcoming years we expect to reach
the level of 100 million dollars we have
many projects in the field of energy
hydrocarbon someone going to list all
the projects just a waste of time you'll
know about them we're very good
prospects for
working together on space programs
deep-space travels the planes we have
created design company and we believe
agreed on a name for the new make of
plane so very good prospects in the
helicopter construction manufacturing
we're going to be ready to have a cargo
black helicopter that's for foreign
politics for interface well diplomats
say our positions are very close or
coincide on some matters on many
critical issues we have similar views
and one of the issues is North Korea
our view is completely coincide when it
comes to that problem because that is a
problem we do not accept the nuclear
status of that country we urge everyone
to lower the you know the temperature
the degree of confrontation we should
find the strength all sides should find
the strength to sit at the table for
negotiation there is no other way to do
it we together put forth a road map
where the number of steps to be taken
will first decrease the rhetoric way
down the rhetoric then stop any
aggressive steps and then sit at the
table for negotiations but as you heard
recently we've been hearing some very
promising signs we see that in Japan in
the u.s. South Korea which makes us
understand that we understand that there
is no alternative to the peaceful path
that's good and we hope that it will be
safe in forever that very approach and
yes we had closed meeting during that
meeting well I've been briefed by this
general secretary about the plans of
China for the future
midterm development for instance and
that was important because oh just I've
started talking about that now we'll
continue now because Chinese our biggest
partner trade and economic part and it's
important for us to understand what kind
of well development they want and soon
they will be the first economy first
global economy because they have six and
something percent of growth annually
that's just inevitable there will be the
biggest economy and we should understand
how we will be adjusting our work and
trade with China taking into account the
plans we have for development of the
original mcommunity and coupling our
plans with the Chinese plans for the
Silk Road and the strategy for
development of well relations with a
neighbor stand please mitrice peel off
comes the most proud the newspaper well
summits like this talk sit on the
sidelines sometimes as important as any
other official session can you elaborate
on your talks outside of the chair
Donald Trump is famous for his well
following the hand but he or well you're
quite experienced in martial arts so did
you try to do something like that I
don't know about his happens we hardly
familiar which other but I should say
that he is very very professional very
friendly he behaves appropriately and we
have just a normal dialogue
unfortunately I don't have enough time
to to get down to some more details
because we have many matters to discuss
security for instance economic relations
because which is almost on the ice we
had 28 now we have 20 billion dollars
that's nothing for such countries as
Russia in the United States that's
nothing so suddenly
should find a way did he want to talk
and our teams should find a way to
arrange this meeting for us and again
he's a very competent person we're
comfortable to communicate with him and
work with him as well he talks on the
sidelines well you know about the
meeting with the Prime Minister of Japan
the Philippines the general secretary
China and Whitney's president will move
Matt with them and we talked about some
well some issues certainly something
special about each meeting as true I
mean we have different levels of
cooperation political ties and economic
ties security cooperation trade military
cooperation lots of issues difficult to
talk about everything so I think that
will be important all these meetings
will be important to put forward our
world cooperation and our interaction
with them let's go back to Syria if I
may to know about your assessment and
what happens today in Syria because
that's not the turning point with
something else for what are the
prospects what's happening today in
Syria today that that the military
operations may which we efforts to
eradicate the cherries hot bath is about
the finish the recent event in the
southern part of it that was the last
straw nanodevices so you know it was
emanated that hard bad that is the city
of the border of
between Syria and Iraq so now we are to
clear the eastern part of the country
least to the east of the freitas it's
important to finalize that and to
reinforce the Arrangements on the
distillation zones to reinforce the
ceasefire myself for all creating the
environment for the start of the
political talks political process that
is why today we have that statement made
by the Russian Federation of the United
States that would be I think crucial to
facilitate the settlement the human
problem good day mr. sauna RT RT Spanish
well mystery of justice forces our
country to sign ourselves as foreign
agents Twitter banned our ads even
though we have all the regiment reasons
to put our ads so what's your assessment
of that kind of pressure
are they any reciprocal measures
discussed what would be it might be
funny but it's too sad to be funny
because those who do that United States
they've been saying proudly that they
are Democrats
the first their kind and the freedom of
speech for them was about most
importance they being saying that
they're champions of the freedom of
speech and without freedom of speech
there is no democracy but that kind of
assault on our mass media in the United
States that's an assault on the freedom
of speech itself without no doubt we are
well we regret that that's bad and what
what has been discussed if the state
humor in the parliament it's a bit too
much perhaps because it's very harsh and
serious but sometimes we hear a very you
know critical and very very harsh
majesty
being discussed but we we need to put
forward an answer that answer would be
well appropriate to be well measurable
to the one we've received but I should
say that our mass media never interfered
in any elections or anything
the last investigation the Congress or
senator November showed that the ads
share was less than 1% and the influence
on the viewers was again less than 1%
100 ads or something like that as I
remember and other mass media US media
they have millions of ads placed so it's
incomparable it's just very dangerous
development they say that I almost me to
interfere but it is not so mass media
they just Express the point of view they
give information they gave opinions you
can argue about that but you should not
be closing or banning or creating the
condition which prevents some mass media
from working no you should produce your
poem you should make your case but no we
decided to ban and to impose sanctions
our answer our response will be just
well measurable when comparable to that
the doors channel hosted journal
throughout the United States are going
to Russia plan to deploy you some
peacekeeping force like 20,000 of them
in the area of Gambas Ukraine I don't
know about that
why they wanted to suggest that to the
Russians is a ship so what would be your
reaction
what would be your reaction to that kind
of offers a suggestion I've never heard
about that and so I can't comment on
that that's that's impossible how could
I comment on that when we hear some well
formulated sentences because you know
you could say one thing but when you put
it on paper it looks absolutely
different
how can you comment something which is
not yet existent how can I do that
there's no such thing if we hear some
proposes like that well we will consider
them a CNN well you say that you were
satisfied with the fact that huge I mean
Matt was mr. Tran but how can that show
the kind of relations Russia and the US
have it just shows that our relations
are still in crisis been saying that
that we are ready to turn that page over
and go forward into the future solving
the problems which are common to both
countries we need to fill in with some
real content our relations and ties look
at the reason well at last coming forum
and st. Petersburg US companies the most
the biggest group of companies they want
to work in Russian with Russia
so X mobile was promoted to work in the
Arctic's
region well this way they just refused
to very prosperous very potential
project that could be giving them very
good income to access income and jobs
everything that's only one example and
speaking out of some limitations in the
financing area well lots of other
examples but if you don't want to work
there will be others you competitors
will come and take your place but we
want to have very harmonica relations
with the estates in field of economy
finance and security too because we have
strategic arms limitation treaty signed
and I should say that when it was signed
I wasn't a president Trump wasn't part
of the initiation stage but that treaty
is here there are matters which need to
be discussed
small medium range missiles another
thing we're being approached by some of
the partners we had state that we are
violating the treaty well if you want to
accuse about that then show we're but in
roomy Romania you have the launching
pads and systems which can be used not
only for anti-missile system but for the
Trident missiles versus medium-range
missile the aegis can be transported
there from the sea and they can be used
from these launching pads launching
system so that should be discussed there
are other things to discuss to you the
fighting experience for instance we
succeed to arrange something to agree on
something like the Syria statement it's
good but it's not enough yes you please
Sasaki is I should say well I would like
to know about the yesterday's meeting
with Prime Minister pan you said that we
were free for the victory elections will
make it possible to implement all the
plans what do you mean all the plans we
know about the Prime Minister's plan to
sign the peace treaty for instance
Segura's me do you agree matter it's
just it's a part of yours you know also
the talks about how to implement that
these talks who take several years does
that mean that you will be staying well
positional president for some more years
to come well you say we have plans we
are now suspends the area of economy
some plans well being suggested by mr.
Arbor couple months ago he formulated
his well proposals he all supported
special Minister to work on these issues
that's one thing the second thing ii
will say part of that matter is the
security measures security matters we'll
just talk about the problem of North
Korea we discussed that
so both matters we discussed with Prime
Minister of Japan we also talked about
the peace treaty these things they well
they comprise our plan cooperation there
are other issues I should say issues
surrounding the peace treaty it's no
secret that you here will it be careful
to look what kind of obligation Japan
has
in terms of the work of with their
partners let's say field of security and
how that can influence the things what
kind of obligations the Japanese side
has to their partner I said and what
things they can do dependently what
things they cannot do it dependently
because if you have some applications
you need to comply with them but that
can influence our relations and our
peace talks that's a very laborious work
and maybe really it's going to take not
one year or two but there are things
which can be settled today prime
minister said that it's possible to
arrange the travel of Japanese citizens
to the coral island so that they can
visit the graves of their forefathers he
asked us to meet the visa regime for
these travelers and we've been doing
that then he asked make it possible for
these Japanese citizens to not only to
the locations which been already visited
but some other close parts of the others
we've done that to a group of
businessmen from Japan can come to the
islands she talked about the joint
projects we also arranged that these
kind of meetings were arranged and can
be done successfully this is going to be
very good I think it does not depend on
who is in power
mr. Arbor mr. Putin it doesn't matter
our countries should be determined our
people should be determined to have a
long lasting solution for our problems
you create a feral environment for the
development of our relations not in the
short term on militant but in the long
run thank you very much for your
attention thank you I need to work to
continue my work
