hey remember gold yeah well you know it
hasn't getting a lot of buyers out there
and now on Google we see that the search
for by Bitcoin is assuming a head of buy
gold another such big data analysis
Stacey
max it's almost like you knew my
headline before I even got to it that is
my first headline in fact the headline
reads by Bitcoin overtakes by gold as
online search phrase add Bitcoin to the
list of things denting Gold's appeal
bull Yuans rally faltered in the past
two months as the dollar strengthened
and global equities set new records
while concerns over break set and
Catalonia's push for independence failed
to drum up notable haven demand now
Bitcoin surge is attracting investor
interest toward the cryptocurrency and
away from the metal the biggest online
vaulting service said this is bullion
vault in the United Kingdom and they say
that cryptocurrencies have kind of
dented the appeal of gold right well the
Millennials who grow up online with apps
the app economy they understand
technology and they understand Bitcoin
and they're flocking into Bitcoin and
right now bitcoins market cap is about
one to two percent that of gold
remember gold is worth seven trillion
dollars let's call it Bitcoin is in you
know above 100 billion is trying to get
to 200 billion but that's quite a gap in
order to close that gap in order to see
Bitcoin truly equal gold and market cap
we're gonna have to see Bitcoin trade
above a hundred thousand dollars a coin
just to get just to get started I think
to achieve complete parity it actually
would trade higher higher than that but
you know we've got a ways to go yet but
we've made an excellent start in the
first pure few years of Bitcoin to I
mean just thinking about the price rise
kind of gives me the vapors like Colin
Powell remember that he's like oh
there's no weapons of mass destruction I
got the vapors well in fact on the
screen you should see a chart here if
all goes according to plan in the edit
suite and that is
the Bitcoin outperforms gold you'll see
gold is up 11% so far this year whereas
of course Bitcoin has risen Sevenfold
and according to Google Trends max
global searches for by Bitcoin have
overtaken by gold after previously
exceeding searches for how to purchase
silver last month the amount of gold
changing hands on bullion vaults online
trading platform dropped by almost a
third from the 12-month average but it's
not just Millennials this also bankers
and I think bankers and hedge funders
and Wall Street sort of guys other than
Jamie Dimon of course allegedly he says
he's not buying Bitcoin but a lot of
people on Wall Street are buying big
time in Bitcoin well it's an immutable
asset that you can store in your wallet
or in a memory wallet that could be
worth a billion dollars you can have a
billion dollars and it's secure and it's
secured by the network and that point is
being now taken on board by those
looking for safe havens there are the
family offices so-called you know these
are the accounts managed for wealthy
families all over the world they're now
looking at Bitcoin as a way to store a
value they've traditionally put money
into gold and other assets for long
periods of holding as part of a
multi-generational family wealth once
they start buying Bitcoin that's gonna
be another you know trillion dollar
market looking at this thing you got the
hedge funds looking at it you've got
Wall Street looking at it you've got now
indexes being launched you've got seven
thousand Saudi princes who have seen
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal have his
wealth seized and they want to make sure
that they have their billions out so you
know if bitcoins market cap is a hundred
billion it's gonna have to go to
hundreds of billions just to compensate
just to deal with the Saudi princes but
we have not that much time left so I
want to move on to a few other charts
and I the next episode I promised
everybody will get into what the CME and
the futures contract on gold and what
that on Bitcoin and what that might mean
but in terms of charts and how these
parabolic moves is not just in big
that we see parabolic moves we've of
course seen parabolic moves and the
stock market it's not only the Dow the
SP but also the footsie the Japanese
stock markets are hitting you know the
highest since 1992 so it's finally
inching back up they're actually going
parabolic back up their butt stock
markets hit fresh highs global equities
now worth ninety two point four trillion
dollars equals to one hundred and twenty
percent of global GDP that is way above
the buffett 100% crash threshold this is
from November fourth and of course they
continue to go higher after that but you
see the parabolic move happening there
of course it can continue to go
parabolic longer than any person
shorting it as many have been wiped out
many hedge funds have been wiped out
trying to guess at this old crash wash
well you know some history on this so
you had the financial crisis of
2008-2009 market was training I believe
it was around 15,000 or so traded back
down to 9,000 and once you got back up
to 15,000 many pundants many folks out
there we're saying ok it's a double top
that's it earnings are unsupportable the
prices at these levels etc but then it
just charged ahead to 20,000 22,000
23,000 and that is in part to what I've
been saying on this show now for several
years to those who tell me that it's
overpriced and will not go down will not
continue to go up and that is that the
entire S&P 500 being taken private these
companies are being taken private
through mergers and acquisitions they're
being taken off the board
there won't be stocks to invest in as we
know that to understand that in another
five to ten years they're all gonna be
private well you didn't actually know
this I know for a fact but that is my
next chart really you won't believe it
but is from schwab.com
and it was an analysis that they had the
day before Halloween so October 30th and
it says period of the season scary
charts for investors and vanishing
stocks is a section and that this is
under scary charts here's the chart and
that is showing you the vanishing stocks
following numbers of listed US companies
the number of company
listed in the u.s. stock markets has
been cut in half over the past 20 years
going from 8,000 to about 4,000 as you
can see from the chart the disappearing
public stock market is a frightful
prospect for active managers left with
fewer stocks to pick from and investors
concentrating more and more of their
savings into fewer and fewer stocks so
there you have it again that's the scary
charts fewer and fewer stocks in which
to basically try to pour all the assets
of this huge baby boomer population
retiring into the markets there's half
the amount of US stocks foreign stocks
have increased by just as much but there
you have it not right well this is
exactly what I'm talking about that the
actual number of stocks available to buy
has been cut in half and so in that
that'll be cut in half again if interest
rates remain at 0% look at Amazon's
purchase of Whole Foods they did so with
money that cost them 0% financing they
acquired Amazon the earnings went were
accretive they went right to the bottom
line they started making more money day
1 that cost them on the financials 0 and
the market cap went up higher than the
value of Whole Foods that is to say 13
billion dollars on that purchase so here
you have Amazon that's already an
entrenched monopolist that's an octopus
as US giant squid penetrating every
facet of the economy and it's being
financed by money that they can borrow
in perpetually at 0% and buy anything
without any antitrust regulations
bumping into them whatsoever so then you
apply that to maybe five or six giant
companies and five years from now you're
gonna have just five or six giant
companies the share prices will be
exorbitant like they're a Google or
Amazon or a Brookshire Hathaways the
stock price is over two hundred thousand
dollars a share
so Berkshire Hathaway in five years
let's say the stock is five hundred
thousand dollars a share so in order to
participate in the stock market it not
be a wage slave your whole life you've
got to pony up five hundred thousand
dollars for one share of Berkshire
Hathaway you know second what was a
Berkshire Hathaway shares when you were
working out well I bought it in my IRA
in 1982 it was $2,000 sure so that shows
you how much that's gone up but again
you'd mentioned that so I just showed
you that chart of the number of listed
companies has fallen by half
well even those that remain and you said
that you know those have declined but
they will continue to decline and here's
another chart showing the evidence of
that and this is the biggest buyers of
US stocks are who would you guess who's
that dotted line the companies
themselves those are called share
buybacks you of course knew this
you knew the answer because you've been
talking about this that the companies
have been borrowing money and buying
themselves back thus boosting their
stock price that's boosting their own
Christmas bonus we're coming to the
Christmas bonus season all those other
like lines there rest of world
households have been declining in terms
of ownership of shares and institutions
have hold even less so those are like
the banks and right so you know if
you're an executive at a company and you
award yourself an option to buy stock
let's say the stocks at 100 and you give
yourself an option to buy that stock and
the cost for that option is $1 and then
you borrow money from the Fed for zero
and then you buy back your own stock
reduce the supply of stock the stock was
from one hundred two hundred and fifty
so now your option that you awarded
yourself for $1 is now worth fifty one
dollars in the space of one year so now
you cash that out and now you've just
made a quick billion two billion five
billion dollars buy something that just
a few years ago was considered
completely illegal you not allowed to do
that even a few years ago but then if
you have your fresh billion dollars you
can buy US senator a congressman for a
hundred thousand bucks to change the law
to make this game go on even further
yeah so when you worked on Wall Street
in the 80s it was illegal to buy back
your own shares like this and the way
that they're doing I believe so yes so
everybody is often on CNBC saying you're
missing out you're missing you missing
you got to get in you got to get in but
the only ones buying as they say
everybody else is not participating in
this rally this parabolic rally by
Donald Trump as they're calling it the
Trump rally but it's all been and share
buybacks
you know perhaps they feel like maybe
his cut cut cut tax bill is gonna
somehow help them or maybe that his fed
because he's gonna basically 0.5 FOMC
members so they're gonna determine what
the value of money is the US dollar so
maybe they feel like they're gonna keep
it cheap he's gonna point some people
because he you know he's he's already on
the record saying he likes cheap money
he likes to borrow cheap he likes you
know here's a guy who's gone bankrupt
many many times
borrowing cheap and then going bankrupt
even cheaper well keep in mind that if
you have a lot of money and you're
buying stocks for two or three percent
of the value of that portfolio you can
insure against any losses so you can buy
options and futures contracts on a
million dollar portfolio you might spend
two percent of that value that portfolio
and if the even if the market dropped to
50 60 70 percent you would only lose two
percent so that's what you can do if you
have the wherewithal to do so if you're
not in that category any put let's say
ten thousand dollars in the stocks and
there's a correction and you lose fifty
or sixty percent you lose fifty or sixty
percent that's that's the reality of it
and then the time it takes to make it
back to where you started from could be
five ten fifteen years so there's a
total asymmetry if you don't have the
wherewithal to heads yourself as I just
described then you're playing a loser's
game and that's why less and less people
actually own stocks cuz they're getting
priced out cut up you know price and
meanwhile those who can afford the
portfolio insurance you know insurance
you could call it are running away with
it
well anyway that's it for this episode I
wanted to just bring your attention to
those charts as we enter the scary
season and the Christmas season when
they all want to look for their big
bonuses you know people are buying
Bitcoin they're not participating in the
financial markets it seems they're
participating instead in a Bitcoin
market and they're moving away from
silver and gold it's a Bitcoin
yeah well it should be a big year in
rally you know typically anyway we got
to go to the second 1/2 don't go away
stay right there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Dave
column he's a professor at Cornell
University who writes a yearly
year-in-review for a peak prosperity and
zero heads Dave welcome
hey yeah thanks for inviting me this is
uh this is one I get to take off my
bucket list now that's fantastic how did
we end up on your bucket list Dave I
mean I've been following you guys for
years trying to figure out if you're as
kind of as crazy off-screen as you're on
but I don't have any data yet so you're
on the college campus and universities
are ground zero for the new hysteria
against free speech what do you think
this is about including the attempts by
the Democrats at MSNBC to shut down
alternative media voices on the left and
RT Dave what do you think about this I
think it's serious I think it's probably
part of a bigger anger that's sweeping
across the globe a little bit I think
the students are a good day notoriously
kind of crazy but but now now because of
this this this this blanket of hysteria
this he's gotten to the point where um I
largely blame the adults for not finding
a way to contain it better in a Cornell
University of course is famous for a lot
of student suicides how's that going
more or less in the last couple of years
well I got even clarify that point it
turns out Cornell's famous for dramatic
suicides their their their suicide rate
is actually below the national average
one things we did
oddly enough as we put these mesh nets
underneath the gorges and so you can't
actually jump the gorge and and I
actually think it worked I think I think
a number of the suicides of college
campuses are kids who do something
spontaneously so kid who jumps the
bridge is conceivably when they walk on
the bridge the first time they don't
they don't realize they're gonna jump
that's my suspicion and the nets prevent
that from happening oh so it's like an
apple factory fox come in in China they
got the the anti suicide
so as a professor at Cornell what what
are you a professor in what is your what
do you do that what do you teach well
I'm an organic chemist specializing in
the organic chemistry of lithium and and
I teach organic chemistry both graduate
and undergraduate I just finished being
chair so I haven't been in the lecture
room for quite some time but uh but I
will reenter the lecture room soon and
my research does organic chemistry so so
now you're you've got kind of a side job
if you will or you're well noted for
delving into economics and people on
YouTube can find you you've got a video
up now talking about price gouging which
is kind of interesting so do you see a
connection between organic chemistry and
economics or economics it's just a hobby
or it's a how can what's the context
there Dave well you know there there is
an odd connection I find that I find
that thinking about economics which
includes neuro psychology and various
sub disciplines history it I think it
does influence the way I think about
science and certainly science influences
the way I think about economics because
because I spent a better part of my day
debunking things ideas that were very
complicated and turn out something that
be correct and so when I look at the
economists and they say something I have
this natural capacity to say well I
think you're wrong and a lot of people
have trouble looking at an expert saying
you know I don't believe you because
they say well they're an expert I don't
defer to expertise comfortable right of
course chemistry is what's called the
hard science relies on of empirical
evidence etc and whereas in economics
it's a soft science it's more
sociological psychological do you agree
with that I do and I think that where it
goes off the rails is when it tries to
pretend to be a hard science I think it
in some sense is a sub-discipline of
history in that in that to me economics
is you you ask the question now we've
been here
for what happened next and and right now
you look you said well we've now got
massive amounts of debt what happened
next and and there's usually an answer
out there in the distant past that
people dismissed but but usually the
answer is a good start and so I think
it's a lot about history knowing knowing
the past knowing how it it played out
going forward okay so let's talk about
one of your videos so people get they
haven't I think a sense of your
background and your expertise and you've
got a video out on price-gouging
and I think the premise of the video is
you are you know making the the bullish
case for price gouging in in areas let's
say that are hit by a storm and the the
rates on the uber taxi might go up quite
a bit and then it looks like their price
gouging and so your position basically
is that that this is your you're bullish
on this idea is that is that correct am
i characterizing that correctly and can
you tell us a little bit more about what
you're thinking there what goes into
that thought well it's sort of a
free-market idea if you look at you get
disasters of the past people rush to the
scene with supplies and goods and help
and now we've got FEMEN I'm sure the
three of us can all agree that phim is a
disaster and then they're dysfunctional
and if Trump could dissolve FEMA we'd be
better off and so anything that inhibits
the flow of goods and services into the
disaster zone is problematic and and and
price gouging the laws which say you
can't charge more keeps people from from
you know bringing a truckload of
chainsaws and 5-gallon cans of gas and
saying look we can help you and and and
they have risk and they have expenses
and yet the price lodging gus laws keep
people from from dubai and if you do it
you get arrested you're not coming back
and so so i yeah I'm a fan of not having
price gouging laws
I don't think local stores I don't think
the big chains will price gouge the the
PR is too bad I think what the price
gouging laws do is keep Outsiders from
coming into the area with goods and
services
right so you're talking about I guess we
could call it the price discovery
mechanism in a free market
you've got buyers and sellers demand and
supply and there's a an invisible hand
and a price is set by the price
discovery mechanism and so in the case
of a disaster zone
the price for water might go up but if
we are to believe in the free market and
we're free marketeers we need to accept
this price gouging as a corollary of the
free market and and not pillory it is
that is that basically true yeah and you
know if people in hurricane areas found
that the price of plywood rose before
the Hurricanes they might start
preparing instead of waiting till the
week before the hurricane to go by their
plywood go by their water go by their
chainsaws and a hurricane or two in
which in which prices reflected
availability and prices reflected the
value um there's a you know and it's
talking about I give examples of a woman
who got the last generator due to the
generosity of someone who's going to get
it and and it was because her father was
gonna die and the point that I make is
that any idiot who could die owing to
lack of electricity should have already
owned a generator that was just stupid
and so I I think that I think price
gouging laws not existing would help
people think will maybe out of buy my
bottled water in advance maybe out of
store it in the basement I keep a couple
hundred pounds of relatively cheap food
in the basement because you don't know
what's gonna happen you can have an EMP
you could have an ice storm you could
have a cyberattack and and I personally
would rather know that I'm not gonna
starve over the next month because I
saved myself a hundred dollars on the
face of it what you're saying there is
logical the free market needs to
function in a free market society so my
question is how do you account for or
how do you balance or what do we do
about the fact that in America you've
got a mixed economy you've got in some
cases the free market where prices are
discovered by supply and demand
and then at the macro-level you've got
an institution like the Federal Reserve
that issues free market economics and
instead impose a top-down pull-up Bureau
like dictatorship in may in setting the
price of money with their interest rate
policies and causing enormous financial
dislocation and hardship through that
form of financial repression as it's
called or tyranny how do we how do we
get over the fact that in this economy
in this country we've got two separate
beliefs systems working in parallel and
we can't decide which one to go with are
we going to go down the path of
socialism or capitalism we can't seem to
figure that out Dave yeah yeah I fear
that we are figured out we're going down
the socialism path the Federal Reserve
as you have stated is a problem to me
the most important market and all of
capitalism is the money market where
people want to either borrow or lend
money meet they haggle over the price
and and so if I'm willing to defer
savings the first spending for a while I
have savings I'll loan it to you so that
you can build a factory or something and
and so the price of capital is really
the most foundational part of capitalism
yet the Fed decides that well we do not
like what the free market is doing to
the price of capital right now so we're
going to change that and so the Fed is
pretending to be you know the Politburo
in Moscow and saying that the price is
wrong we're smart
the free markets stupid and and we're
gonna set a new price and and what you
get wouldn't you set prices arbitrarily
you get you get shortages you get
excesses you get malinvestment as you
pointed out you get you get a huge huge
boost in the inequality so people who
are in a position to benefit from from
these arbitrary pricings do so and and
then there's people who are just getting
clobbered the person who's paying more
for a loaf of bread the person
they wore for their rent rents have been
soaring and all right today we've got
about a minute left so you know in order
to make all this work out why can't we
work a system where if I'm in a flood
zone or a disaster zone and the price of
water goes up three or four hundred
percent or a thousand percent then that
difference in price will be subsidized
by those who are gaming the Fed and
extracting hundreds of billions of
dollars from the economy immorally
illegally in a socialist of capacity
completely against the tenets of
free-market and in America you seen him
saying like I get your I get your your
argument for price gouging but those who
pay those prices need to get it
subsidized by the Fed who's a socialist
male actor and all this to make up for
the difference you see I'm saying so
your thoughts yeah I don't agree but I
think you don't either the Fed shouldn't
be involved in floods right that's not
their job so so if if the prices went up
a thousand percent what I guarantee you
would happen is the next time there's a
hurricane people would be loading up
trucks with bottled water and I'm gonna
run down there make some money and there
would be a natural price arbitrage all
right hey we got to cut it there we're
out of time but hopefully you can stick
around for another segment if that's
okay you bet
all right well that's gonna do it for
this edition of the Kaiser report with
me Max Keiser Stacy Herbert like to
thank our guest Dave column he is a
professor at Cornell University
Joanna reaches on Twitter it's Kaiser
report in Seoul next time bye y'all
