a ballistic missile fired by Yemeni
rebels in targeting the Saudi capital
last Saturday bought Iranian markings
now that's according to a senior US Air
Force official authorities are now
investigating how the missile was
smuggled into Yemen which is under an
extensive arms embargo sandy Arabia's
crown prince has accused Iran of direct
military aggression by supplying
missiles to Houthi rebels in response
the head of Iran's Revolutionary Guard
which controls the country's missile
program denied giving weapons to Yemen
we do not even have the ability to
transfer missiles to Yemen it's their
missiles and they've managed to increase
the missiles range every base journalist
Martin J says that such incidents could
spark further instability in the region
at this stage we really can't say we
can't go into too much detail it's it's
it's difficult to actually pin this on
the Houthi rebels when in fact they
could have got those missiles from at
least two other countries in the region
so I think a lot of speculation there's
moments and no nothing clear coming
through immediately we're at a point now
where any any such incident like this
could possibly spark something bigger
and I think I think that's the great
worry from from leaders in the region
you know ever since Trump came in and
emboldened the Saudis with this anti
Iran idea any such incident really is
not going to help so I think both sides
need to be very careful about reading
too much into this and and taking things
the next level
