now I'm at heightened tensions in the
Middle East the French president has
paid a surprise visit to Saudi Arabia
Emmanuel macron met with the country's
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman macron
said that the - our visit was to ensure
stability and peace in the region the
visit follows speech by macaron where he
suggested that the nuclear deal with
Tehran should be revised in the
situation we're facing now this
agreement of 2015 is no longer
sufficient
it should not be reconsidered or
eliminated but it should be completed
with necessary points our president
macrons proposals don't seem to sit well
with many in the European Union the
bloc's Foreign Affairs representative
federica mogherini is adamant that any
sort of revision to the Accord is out of
the question it's very important to keep
the nuclear agreements as it is
negotiation renegotiation is not
possible in our view and you do not
change an agreement that is delivering
outside of the agreements in the proper
four and four months once it's very
clear that the nuclear deal
implementation is preserved by all sides
at full including Iran president microns
prominence on the international stage
hasn't gone unnoticed by the media Time
magazine slapped the French leader on
its cover accompanying the photo and
inscription reading the next leader of
Europe however a footnote below
indicates the whole thing is slightly
tongue-in-cheek as it reads if only he
can lead France I can discuss this
further now joined on the line by Luc
rebate editor-in-chief at the purple
magazine good evening to you Luke what
do you make of this time cover it all
looks very impressive on first
inspection depicting macron is it an
acknowledgment of his achievements or
was it really making fun of the
president well yes and no because the
venom of course is underfoot note huh if
only can lead France there are there are
good points in the sense that we have
all seen him with President Trump
inviting him for dinner with his wife
with wives on the Eiffel Tower
so it was very presidential and indeed
but he wants to be he wants to be the
president some call him a new Napoleon
I prefer Jupiter you know Jupiter the
king of the gods that's probably what he
would like better than Napoleon
is arrogant clearly is a young man from
the aina from the school of the elite
and he wants to manage France in a
presidential way so he doesn't like for
example that Trump uses Twitter all the
time he said so he said you need a
distance with the people you know and
that's why the people feel his arrogance
and also it uses some words that nobody
dares use or would if their before using
like bother you know the people who are
creating havoc just outside place where
he is he uses the cameras available by
the way he doesn't allow the press to be
close to him anymore so the the
honeymoon will oppress is finished he
has a TV crew with him only one camera
following him everywhere and he he talks
to the people through the camera through
indiscretions and things of the kind so
he manages it very well to me is a bit
like Tony Blair in his way of managing
the media and managing the way talks
that press oh he is not too bad so he
could become indeed the leader of Europe
if because Merkel is very weak and there
is nobody else in the group of physical
there are very good people very nice
people on in the central part of the
eastern part of Europe house Austria of
course but these are not pro Europeans
in the sense of the present European
Commission they want another Europe and
Monsieur mekomo has them as enemy sort
of but he could be the leader of the
Western European attitude that say -
Great Britain of course so it doesn't
mean that many countries I just chuckled
and have you heard that slightly when
you mentioned Tony Blair and I'll
explain now because macarons just
visited Saudi Arabia the region of
course is in huge turmoil and I suspect
he's trying to play this kind of Tony
Blair role I mean he's going to come in
and he's going to be the great
negotiator who brings peace to - you
know areas of conflict I mean do you
think that's what he's trying to do
if so is he doing it to try and bring
peace or is he doing it to kind of
buildings he's kind of a zone reputation
he's trying to build his own reputation
you've seen him with President Putin in
Versailles you know he knows how to
welcome people who were in France France
is wonderful building some in Trump and
the idea for Tower and Versailles for
for President Putin now he he went to
him to Dubai to me to shake their and
inaugurate Louvre or Dubai and I he's in
in Saudi Arabia very quick brief
encounters to try to to organize the the
agreement of the Europeans with Saudi
Arabia not to start a an all-out war
with Iran it wants to play a role and I
think since is that young he's 39 he has
a lot of energy he could be the Tony
Blair of the next decade look great
speak to appreciate your thoughts Luke
Riva my guest editor in chief at the
purple magazine
