German police forces investigating
allegations that organized criminal
groups have infiltrated his ranks and
other state services as after a police
union claimed members of an Arab
underworld clan had joined the Berlin
force clear indications that large Arab
clans have an infiltration strategy and
tried to keep certain family members
away from criminal activities so that
they can later infiltrate state services
nevertheless Berlin's police chief has
denied all the allegations meanwhile two
days ago the city's Police Academy was
accused of enrolling violent and
criminal trainees Arty's Peter Oliver
has been investigating this story amid
accusations there were violent or even
criminal recruits in its Academy things
were already looking bad for Berlin's
police force but now it's got a whole
lot worse with the arrest of an intern
which is erupted into a deeply
embarrassing scandal a 20 year old
female student is accused of illegally
copying photos of people wanted in a
police operation and sending them on
it's alleged she was planted in the
force by one of the city's notorious
Arab mafia clans we forwarded the
allegations to the police this was all
we received a response Berlin Police
have launched a criminal investigation
into a 20 year old student from the
Berlin School of Economics and law she's
accused of revealing state secrets is it
true that the suspect has migrant roots
yes those who devote their time to
studying the mafia clans of Berlin say
attempts to increase diversity in the
police has left the door open to
infiltration the way is to weaken the
criteria of integration that is the case
in the police academy the new government
in Berlin has last year
reform and week needs a criteria and we
have for the first time 43% of people
with migration background who are
accepted it was a good offer for them to
infiltrate the state and they are doing
it last week an anonymous letter was
sent to the Berlin Chief of Police
purporting to be from a long-serving
detective it claimed that Arabic Mafia
families were using the Berlin Academy
to infiltrate the force something the
city's police union says that currently
isn't any proof of Rambis air
connections at the moment we do not have
any cases where there is clear evidence
of that but we do understand that
criminal organizations like these clans
have an incentive to try and infiltrate
government organizations like the police
that's why it's so important during
training that we identify who belongs as
part of the police force and who does
not but who are these Arabic mafia clans
that it's claimed run Berlin's criminal
underworld among competent often it's
impossible to put a percentage figure on
how much criminality they account for
but if you look into it then yes they
are present in all different types of
crime revenues drugs racketeering
prostitution all criminal revenue
streams and it's for those reasons that
people directly involved in law
enforcement and the citizens of Berlin
want to know if their police force has
been compromised by criminals Peter
Oliver RT Berlin
