the founder of an aid group helping
refugees in Greece has surrendered it to
police he was one of several aid workers
wanted for helping migrants illegally
enter the country
since 2015 the Greek island of Lesbos
has been a key gateway for migrants
crossing to the EU this month alone more
than 1500 migrants have arrived there it
can take authorities months to process
their asylum applications and a recent
report by a medical charity said the
overcrowded conditions are leading to
high levels of violence even child
suicides a Greek independent mep we
spoke to says the illicit activities of
certain organizations are contributing
to the problem in the country various
NGOs actually facilitates the illegal
entrance of immigrants in Greece and
this is something that has to be stopped
because now we have at least 20 thousand
illegal immigrants and refugees at the
Aegean islands if they act illegally
then it's up to the competent
authorities to prosecute them there are
certain NGOs which are under let's say
the cooperation with with the European
Union and they have done a satisfactory
job but there are many other NGOs which
are acting on their own they consume the
money but they don't do it in favour of
the refugees we know this because I am a
member of the Budget Control Committee
of the European Parliament we have paid
a visit at lesbos and we have seen that
the European fans are not being used
properly I think it's time that the
national authorities and frontex take
some measures and this measures is the
enforcement of the law
you
