hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
rigged politics that's what many are
saying after the DNC's acting chair
donna Brazile claimed bernie sanders was
cheated in the primary but the rigging
goes further the GOP establishment
didn't embrace from then nor now are
both parties at war with themselves
Krauss fucking parties in crisis on
joined by my guest Tim black and
Washington he's a political analyst
commentator in hosts of the Tim black
show in New York we have Steve Maltz
Berg he is a conservative political
commentator and in Cairo we cross to Joe
Lauria he is an independent journalist
former Wall Street Journal correspondent
and author of how I lost by Hillary
Clinton with the foreword by Julian
Assange
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate it
all right Joe let me go to you first
year the Huffington Post
refugee as we speak right now I tell us
quickly what happened because it has
kind of a tangent to what we're talking
about today rigging we talk we're gonna
talk about rigging the election but the
media is rigged to Joe tell our viewers
what happened yes I wrote a piece for
consortium news about a week ago in
which I showed that the crowd the true
sources for the Russia Gate story were
both paid for by the Democratic National
Committee and the Clinton campaign in
the case of the Steele memos so that the
source of the information that we had
that it actually was the basis for the
most part of the January 6th
intelligence estrin by three agencies
was actually opposition research and the
by the DEM paid for by the Democrats and
also the computers was searched by a
company that that they paid for not by
the FBI crowd the article goes on to
show the consequences of this the
consequences of this being new
McCarthyism and also the detentions in
geopolitical situation between Russia
and the United States that are part of
this Russia Gate story unfortunately now
I did then last said last a few days ago
I posted the same article with some
updates with the manna Food and
Papadopoulos indictments onto The
Huffington Post as a contributor there I
post directly to the website twenty
three hours later it was taken down I
was never told why I've never heard a
word from The Huffington Post I wrote to
them and asked them please to tell me
what the reasons are and in the absence
of any response from them I could only
conclude that this was not an editorial
but a political decision to remove that
article basically yeah a word that I
rarely use and don't like to use because
it's been overused and this
uses censorship but I can't think of any
other word to describe what happened
well that's what happens in liberal
media right now when you have a
different opinion here
you know Steve it's I think you know
maybe it's a little bit of a stretch but
I think I know how Bernie Sanders feels
when it comes to the DNC during the
election you know I got I called I wrote
emails I got no response you know you
know this whole Donna Brazile thing you
know she comes back you know amazingly
so and really she's acquitted herself so
very badly in the media her presentation
I think most would agree but let's not
worry about presentation let's worry
about substance she's come out and and
made these claims I mean they seem to be
credible on somebody's documented and
then she goes out in backtrack some
quite a humiliating public performance I
would say Steve go ahead well I mean I
can't figure that part out the tip to be
honest we need there's got to be though
to this madness little books that's what
it was books yeah but she has she has
thrown hitch she has thrown the party
and the Clintons under the bus I mean
what what is revealed in this book and
nobody is denying any of this and Bernie
Sanders you bring up Bernie Sanders I'd
like to hear Bernie Sanders as our guest
here as invention the censorship call it
something Bernie Sanders like ah let's
move on that bothers the heck out of me
I really got to tell you but what
happened is that the Clintons controlled
the whole process it was dishonest we
knew it was dishonest because of the
WikiLeaks Ed dump and then debbie
Wasserman Schultz had a step down and
Donna Brazile is now saying when I took
over board did I find a mess but here's
what debbie Wasserman Schultz did here's
what the Clinton people did here's what
Hillary herself did I mean here's what
Obama did she has torn the party apart
and because we don't have an honest
media it's not a big story when this is
a huge story yeah Tim it's like
Stockholm Syndrome they they can't let
go they simply can't let go and you know
sometimes that doesn't really bother me
because they really took a fall in last
year in the election I mean when your
enemies
or in a circular firing squad don't get
in the way the thing is is that I hope
the media is taken out in the process of
liberal media as this swamp is being
exposed for what it is and the
shamelessness of the of the mainstream
media not to call what it sees and what
we all see is self-evident
go ahead Tim yeah absolutely I agree
with you Peter what we're witnessing
right now is Donna Brazile she's making
these allegations and I believe all of
them work like in the progressive
community we were already on this page
six months ago now months ago a year ago
this is that new revelations the problem
is like you said it's the media it's the
corporate owned media who do not want to
get these facts out it's our job to
continue to pound them and make make
sure that people know that yes this
really did happen these the DNC was
co-opted by Hillary Clinton it's a fact
the joint fundraising agreement the
separate memorandum that was signed by
the Clinton organization that gave them
a logistical control staffing control
controller the purse strings come on
people if you own the money if you
control the money I want to ask
something as maybe a lot of people in
Washington would like to know they
answer the following question six months
ago you were a nut case you were a
conspiracy theorist for saying all these
how did you transform yourself into a
normal person on this program I want to
know your secret please I was called a
Russian bot I was a member of the GOP
I've never voted Republican leader the
fact is they're not thinking that's the
problem here let me go back to Joe in
Cairo I mean not being able to let go of
this narrative why is it is because they
have nothing else or you know if we look
at Donna Brazile they're afraid that the
floodgates will break open ok uranium
one the Komi thing you know muler before
and it's a previous incarnation it's all
out there there there's a conspiracy a
real conspiracy and the whole thrust of
the media is completely upside-down if
there had been collusion or conspiracy
between the Trump people and
Russia we would have heard about it a
long time ago it would have been loose
okay
so Joe they what is it they don't have
an eternity or if they start letting
give an inch it's going to completely
fall apart right in front of them and he
will continue their humiliation almost
one year on go ahead Joe about I think
the Democratic Party establishment elite
field that their class interests are
under assault yes well what the Bernie
Sanders campaign did they see that they
need to blame someone else they could
never look at themselves and understand
that their embrace of the neoliberal
policies from the Bill Clinton days has
led to this backlash insists in American
society amongst workers they're getting
fed up they want a new Progressive Era
the way will happen in the lake at the
end of the 19th century when the major
trusts took control of the political
process with all the money that they
poured into it and then we had a whole
raft of laws that tried to curb this
influence from corporations into
politics and including that companies
couldn't pay out of their own coffers
anymore that was all overthrown with
citizen united and with the deregulation
of Clinton and Bush and Reagan we have
now new trust base essentially so a new
progressive error is on perhaps the
seeds are there and I think that the
Democratic elite which is tied with this
big money is very worried about that now
as far as the rank-and-file democrats
they have a kind of quasi religious
faith in their party and their leaders
and in the blame that's being assessed
completely on russia for having
devastated their chances in the last
election they and when you're dealing
with someone who's elet who's a zealot
in terms of their religious belief that
they will not be open to any kind of
reason or any other any facts that would
make force them to think I think that's
why the offering of the old story was
taken down yeah I don't want to be
forced to think about what they believe
in a almost religious way yeah because
yeah Barack Obama you know he was their
great saint okay and Hillary Clinton was
their God and God failed them go ahead
Jim you want to jump in yeah I want to
say they they call it a coat Donna
Brazile said this in an interview there
was a cult-like situation morning Joe
got her to admit that and what's the
code that's a worshipping that isn't
the intensive narration I remember Jim
Jones making people drink the kool-aid
well a lot of Democrats have drinking
they've drank the kool-aid when it comes
to Hillary Clinton and it's time to turn
the page on the Joe Peter I don't know
go ahead see because I was just gonna
say you know the Democrats have gotten
so used to be she's also she go ahead
jump in Steve go ahead no no not she
also claimed that she was treated poorly
because she was black she felt like a
slave she was treated poorly because she
was a woman by Clinton and hurt people
the Clinton people I mean this is huge
news again
which will never be talked about look
this is no surprise the media first of
all they're politically aligned with the
Clinton philosophy and they love the
Clintons the Clintons could do no wrong
uranium defeat the the connection to the
dossier all this is being ignored by the
media and and when you look at the
WikiLeaks dump you saw a mainstream
reporters in the liberal media writing
to John Podesta oh is this okay don't
tell anybody I'm a hack oh I'm back from
Republican hell I was with them for a
week I mean this should be no surprise
to us it should be no surprise you know
you know it's very interesting with
Donna Brazile you know pulling that the
the sexism car that might I guess now as
a result all four of us consider
ourselves good feminists because I find
that kind of behavior of Horan tear I'm
serious here Tim right before we go to
the break here
what is Donna Brazil's future is she
gonna be able to reincarnate say come
back again for the third coming twenty
seconds before we go to the break I
think she will be coming back I think
this is what this is all about she did
not like getting pushed out of the party
even though she had this little ethics
board position she's letting them know
hey I've got something to say I'm going
to say it and yeah she's returning back
to the Democratic Party that's why she's
doing this that thing as I said earlier
I don't think it's necessarily it's bad
idea for the country but for the
Democratic Party if they continue down
the same course I think they're going to
get the same results in the next midterm
elections okay gentlemen we're gonna go
to a short break and after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
parties in crisis State with our tea
okay Joe I want to I want to shift gears
a little bit here I don't want to just
keep pounding on the Democratic Party
which I really enjoy doing by the way
but let's talk about the Republicans
here they have a very kind of different
kind of problem though I think it's very
serious here we have a base that would
came out for Donald Trump districts and
counties that were long blue came out
red and there's the basis for a movement
there but I see the establishment again
I have just as much distaste and
abhorrence for the Republican
establishment as I do for the Democratic
establishment because they're in cahoots
okay they just want to maintain power
here this is the real dilemma for the
Republicans because I don't see that
they're making much progress on adding
to what they'd achieved last year I
think they're getting falling into a
deep freeze what do you think go ahead
Joe I think both parties are in a very
deep crisis and I'm enjoying every
minute of it I want to see them I'd
destroy each other with the scandals
that are engulfing them I'm completely
nonpartisan biggest I can't stand either
party and as a reporter I just followed
the facts and that's why I wrote that
piece about Russia gate to having a
post-doc down they couldn't accept that
yeah I'm not a trump supporter by any
means but I don't see a bright future
for either party the problem is what's
going to replace it if it does break
down getting big money out of American
politics is the key but it goes back to
1758 Peter when George Washington ran in
the Virginia House and he spent 90% of
his campaign money to buy 160 gallons of
booze to give out to voters and then we
soared Andrew Jackson with his patronage
and then the big Trust's oil steel and
railroads took over the party then took
over politics in the late 19th century
and gave us William McKinley who spent 4
million dollars of corporate money to
bring us the overseas American Empire
the beginnings of it so there's a real
and it's it's a it's dangerous in some
ways and it's gonna be chaotic but I
think it's HAP's to happen and it is
happening that both parties are losing
legitimacy Trump is doing a great job
losing legitimacy for the Republican
Party and then now all of this
internal fighting within the Democrats
were Brazil and Clinton and whatnot and
the fact that they now know that the
Clinton campaign of the NC paid for the
essence of what is the Russia Gates
story opposition research that their
credibility is is eroding by the day and
we could only welcome this of course we
don't you know Geordie Joe representing
if you watch CNN and MSNBC you wouldn't
get that okay it takes critical eyes
that people that are not just going into
that kind of zombie TV okay Steve you
know one give me I'm gonna give you a
hypothetical Steve what if it'd been
better maybe if the Clinton people had
broken their bad habit of lying and
cheating and stealing that they've been
doing for decades let's say that had
been put in check last year wouldn't
have been better that Bernie did get the
nomination and then Trump I mean there
is the most stark difference I think we
could have had in our lifetime as
different agendas and I would have
welcomed that and I would have welcomed
an honest election not a rigged election
I agree that the Rio P primary wasn't
rigged but the establishment certainly
did everything I could to hurt their
most popular candidate and that is a
form of breaking so my hypothetical how
would you answer that I think it would
have been a much more competitive race I
think that Bernie would have been a
better candidate Hillary by all accounts
Democrat and Republican accounts she was
an awful candidate and she thought that
she was entitled that she thought it had
it she had it coming and she didn't
listen to the advice of those around her
and so she think Bernie it would have
made it more competitive I do have to
disagree that the that Donald Trump is
is ruining the Republican Party I'll
tell you that Donald Trump has
reinvigorated the Republican Party I
mean he look look what he did last year
year you know a little over a year ago
now what's going on now which was also
alluded to correctly is that as the
Republican establishment it's it's the
McConnell's it's the Ryan's it's those
people it's McCain it's they can't stand
Trump they don't want him to succeed
Donald Trump is doing everything
correctly he's doing what he promised he
would do when he ran and I think that
accusing Donald
being a party to this you know problem
within the Republican Party is not
accurate okay hold him and watch no
let's go to Tim and Washington go ahead
Tim I can't believe Steve just said that
Donald Trump is doing everything
correctly he hasn't really gotten
anything done other than the executive
orders what does he do it correctly but
to make that statement oh my god what
did he get done what did he pass what
legislation he's been effective because
he's the president Steve I know he's
gotten a lot of stuff now there has been
legislation passed but if it but what
hasn't passed is not Trump's fault it's
the establishment Republican fault yeah
the leadership's fault they're stymieing
him he's not doing it he's doing what
he's supposed to be doing okay Jode
weigh in go ahead go ahead
go ahead Joe yes I mean Trump did not do
what he's promised he he cynically
manipulated the the desperation of a lot
of American working people throwing in a
lot of racist racist comments to to
bring them along and he's not delivered
on any of that he's his legislation has
failed because the American people don't
want it and that's been made clear in
town halls he's awful in a health
insurance plan this ridiculous tax plan
and to say that it's not his fault that
he's hurting the Democrat the Republican
Party look at the results of their
recent election in the US many seats
were lost to Democrats okay both parties
are in cry think they are in crisis look
gentlemen let's think of 2016 I think
all of us would agree on the following
that it was a change election a lot of
people are very very sick and tired of
the establishment parties what we saw to
a great degree was a protest vote now
the problem is how do the parties react
to that and I think both parties are not
the establishments of both parties are
not okay
I think there are figures in the
Democratic Party that are more
progressive I'm a conservative guy
really conservative I
I have a really good relationship with a
lot of progressives I see I find a lot
of common ground with progressives on
issues as well it's this establishment
Republicans in the establishment
Democrats I can I'm barely on speaking
terms with them okay because they're
fail their signature is failure failure
failure okay it's time to shake up the
discourse and change narratives Tim
you're a progressive I think I think we
could agree right yeah absolutely right
yes you can agree and it's nice to meet
you my for my friend look Peter I look
at it like this big money interest is
the problem it's not anything other than
that our 2016 Wall Street on the
elections five hundred and fifty five
million dollars spent by Wall Street so
then we got Bank deregulation this is
what goes on in America that's the real
problem but going back to Donald Trump
and back to the Democrats look we just
saw what the Democrats are capable of
doing you got to give them props on what
almost 15 DSA's Democratic socialists
were elected that's the Bernie Sanders
model of course Bernie Sanders could
have won this thing if he was given an
opportunity that's why a lot of us is so
bitter with the Democratic Party we had
a shot with Bernie and we see that
Bernie's message of populism is
resonating across the country
Steve jump in and weigh in what how do
you react well then why doesn't Bernie
speak out good point
I'm sorry Peter I think you have a
pearly the other night and all he said
all he said was we have to move on where
is he where is he where is this great
socialist sticking up for his principles
and saying this was a week we were
robbed how dare they bring justice
nothing he couldn't care less Joe let me
go to Joe you know what hang on let me
go to Joe here because I'm gonna say
kind of maybe a harsh thing here but
where's the integrity in politics now
you know it's so you know when we were
growing up I you remember how people
made fun of Gerald Ford as the bomb you
know he was a bungler and all that I
remember I heard his speeches on NPR god
forbid I ever listened to that station
again this was like ten years ago he
sounded like an intellectual compared to
what what what people
you know it's you know there's I don't
see high-caliber people
Donald Trump is in a category always oh
and I've already said in this program in
twenty years time there will be a
graduate course called Donald Trump
studies okay because it is that vast and
complex and deep okay
but Jo answer my question about this
caliber of politicians because I don't
see it's there well I think there
certainly did the discourse was a lot
better years ago but I think that
integrity and politics has always been
in short supply not only in the United
States but around the world so you're
asking a lot there for integrity
what Morocco is for leaders running for
office to recognize the needs of the
electorate where the actual majority of
the people have a say and that they're
not lied to and manipulated and that
they their interests are looked out for
I think that Sanders at least his
rhetoric was that he was going to do
that and that's why he was popular so I
think popular ism or progressivism is
the only another progressive error we're
in a new Gilded Age it's even more
unequal than unequal than the first
Gilded Age and I think there's going to
be a new progressive error that has to
come about or the United States is in
deep deep trouble and that could only
come about by the voices of the
interests of the investment Americans
being again addressed on so many
different levels okay and the
destruction of neoliberal policy is
extorting from the 80s and 90s
Steve how does Trump deal with what Joe
just said there because there is a
progressive wind in the country and
hasn't been able to turn it into
electoral successes here and
particularly since they were really the
election was rigged in the in the
Democratic Party that is for me moving
forward it is Hillary Clinton's
malfeasance and an illegal activity
immoral activity that is really gives a
high light it flashes a light on the the
the terrible moral status of American
politics she and she alone and her
husband well look here here's what I
think has to happen I think that the
focus of the investigation has to turn
to the Clintons and everything you just
mentioned or another special prosecutor
has to be appointed you know there's
this school of thought out there that's
gaining some steam that this is all a
bait and switch
that Trump appointed Muller and and the
fix was in they were gonna make it seem
like they were going after Trump in
collusion but they were really good
eventually get to the Clintons I don't
know how they're gonna get to the
Clintons but they have to if the
Clintons are held accountable if the
Clintons are punished legally or
otherwise yeah it will put a whole new
light on the political system and it'll
be a warning it'll be a big big warning
but to let it go on as just well you
know it's only the Clintons here we go
again leave them alone and nothing
happens that will be a horrific thing
for us politics Steve I think you end in
the most logical and sensible note on
this program that we've run out of time
gentlemen many thanks to my guest in
Washington New York and in Cairo and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here at RT see you next time and
remember prostitutes
