come on welcome to Sophie EMCO I'm
Sophie Shevardnadze as the price of oil
has hit a two-year high industry giants
are meeting here in Vienna on November
the 30th to talk about keeping
production low and prices high so well
sustaining close ties keep the good
times rolling and our way in front of
the crash if any deal falls through
we'll ask the Secretary General of OPEC
Mohammad barking go
the mighty OPEC is back in the saddle
after losing control of the price of oil
and nearly running themselves into the
ground the major oil players have now
reached a stable production cut deal
with even open competitors taking part
but with the vast American shale
reserves on the market can the
production cut deal hold out for long
while small OPEC members follow whatever
Saudi Arabia agrees on with Moscow or
will the greed and rabble the open
consensus and bring about a new oil
crash Mohammed Mark indo-pak
secretary-general thank you very much
for being our guest on this program it's
great to have you with us now your
excellency the oil market is actually
looking as if it's getting back on its
feet
the oil price has set a record high
since 2015 $60 over $60 per barrel
global oil demands growing you have just
presented the 2017 OPEC world-old
outlook congratulations
so still market heading towards a full
recovery there is no doubt that the
fundamentals of the oil market have
changed significantly particularly since
the beginning of the year when we
started implementing the effect
non-object declaration of cooperation we
have seen very high level of Conformity
averin averaging over 100 percent by the
participating countries and we have seen
demand also continuing to growth to grow
significantly between the first half of
2017 going into fall and the winter
months we have seen a hefty two million
barrels a day growth so all in all we
remain on course finally we can see a
balanced market in sight so we're gonna
go through all of that in detail before
that you have said that Russia and Saudi
Arabia's readiness to extend the supply
cut agreement for another nine months
actually clears the fog for the November
30th meeting
here in Vienna final decision on the
deal should be agreed on here should be
taken here is the agreement between
these two nations as good as an Outback
deal would you say if you consider that
the two participating countries the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Russian
Federation the two biggest producers
within this group and in addition to
that both Saudi Arabia under the able
leadership of His Excellency khalid and
finally the Minister of Energy and his
Russian counterpart His Excellency
Alexandra Nova have played a pivotal
role in getting this group together last
year and in addition to get the group to
agree for the first time in history in
such a supply arrangement including
creating new organs that are not known
to us to monitor and ensure
implementation fully therefore they
occupy a very special position within
this group so I think back to the days
where the oil prices were very low and
in fact back then looked weak irrelevant
as an organization it couldn't really do
much about US shale oil or Russian oil
and now I may look at your organization
you're taking decisions you're brokering
deals they work they last i would you
say our PEC is back are you back in
control over the world's oil trade or is
it just down to brokering a deal between
Russia and Saudi Arabia in the past 57
years or so of the existence of this
organization the organization had gone
through several cycles
in some of these cycles its relevance
has been questioned to put it bluntly we
have seen several funerals if you like
of Opik in the past depending on which
cycle but object not only survive but
emerge strongly and this is what you are
seeing what we are seeing beginning from
last year is vintage epoch when it is
least expected a pet can rebuild
confidence regain consensus and take
decisions and implement these decisions
effectively but with all the respect
excellency there are still questions
regarding how can the lasting production
cut will be made with our Peck when
topic members are bickering with each
other for instance you have you know the
Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states that
are economically locating another OPEC
member Qatar you have Qatar that is
trying to cultivate close ties with
another OPEC member which is Iran you
have Iran which is irritating other OPEC
member it's kind of hard now we have
been able to insulate the organization
from the geopolitics and the impact of
geopolitics on oil in fact OPEC has done
probably more than any other group or
organization in trying to ensure the
depolarization depoliticization of oil
in the past we have had very challenging
situations when some of our member
countries were in war and yet we such
together and insulated ourselves from
the vagaries of the outside wall and
looked at the fundamentals of this
commodity and took very kwangin
decisions which
we implemented I do not expect anything
different this time around all our
member countries are more than committed
to the implementation of the Declaration
of cooperation we have received
endorsement and commendation from high
quarters highest quarters of government
of our member countries including in the
Russian Federation
when President Vladimir Putin himself
endorsed the continued implementation of
the Declaration of cooperation in order
to not only to restore the stability but
to sustain it going forward to avoid the
consequences of what we went through in
the last couple of years so we're
touched upon Iran in the previous
question and it's interesting that
countries like Algeria and Iran they
haven't released oil production to the
required level but they're very vocal
supporters of the deal extension what
makes you think that they will actually
cut their oil production in nine months
if they haven't done so yet if you
recall the Algiers Accords
that was entered into on the 28th of
September last year in Algiers took into
cognizance the special circumstances of
three of our member countries Islamic
Republic of Iran Nigeria and Libya and
this has given them special
consideration if you like not only in
the declaration of cooperation that we
agreed on the 10th of December but also
in the implementation and I can tell you
that Iran has been fully implementing
its own obligation and the declaration
of cooperation Nigeria and Libya have
made significant progress in recovering
their lost capacity
and we look forward to them fully coming
back on board to participate with all
the rest of the participating countries
so do you aim for this deal to be
permanent because if the drill is in
permanent then countries will start to
pump again and the prices will go down
again and you'll meet a new deals it's
like a never-ending circle the
declaration of cooperation has several
facets one is the supply adjustments but
we are also looking beyond the
rebalancing of the market which is in
size now that beyond that we need to
keep this broad platform of producing
countries together to ensure that we do
not slip back into the downturn that
benefited nobody in the last couple
couple of years and building this
platform this broad platform into a more
permanent structure if you like that
will serve as insurance against
volatility and instability in oil
markets and in the oil industry going
forward what's that a bit about how
American oil fits into this whole
picture because with high oil prices
with more incentives I'm sure is going
to me even more US oil on the market
this OPAC have enough production to
offset the American supply the United
States through the shale basins have
played a significant role in the past
several couple of years by bringing in
supplies at a time when we were facing
supply deficits from several of our
member countries within OPEC were facing
a variety of challenges threatening
supplies Libya for example lost
practically all this production and
before
the disturbances they were producing
almost 1.6 to 1.7 million barrels a day
Nigeria had lost almost 1 million the
expose from Iran were frozen due to
sanctions and so on and so forth and
people forget that without the
additional supplies that the world got
from the shale basins we could have
faced a more severe energy crisis they
have used the combination of technology
and sophisticated financial markets as
well as very aggressive management
techniques to make the shale revolution
if you like possible now we have started
seeing a deceleration in the growth
pattern in the United States
particularly tight oil we have seen the
rig numbers beginning to fall we have
seen the rig and well productivity have
also started coming coming down and we
have seen their shareholders their
investors questioning the continued use
of the current business model of volume
versus value we have seen a very sharp
reduction in the flow of funds from Wall
Street that have been financing this
ramped up supply from about an average
of 60 billion US dollars to just
experienced dollars
your excellency we're gonna take a short
break right now when we're back we'll
continue talking to Mohamed park endo
the secretary-general of OPEC and
talking about the upcoming meeting in
Vienna of the industry giants and
whether they will be able to keep the
production low and prices I stay with us
and we're back talking to effects
Secretary General Mohammad barking doe
your excellency International Energy
Agency actually says the high prices are
also linked to the fact that there were
storms and cataclysms in the Gulf of
Mexico and oil producers were obliged to
shut down the production temporarily but
once it all gets back on its feet and
the Cataclysm subsides I think it's only
logical the production you know will
continue even more or eagerly so what if
that happens because you don't have the
guarantee that it won't happen that kind
of contradicts effects efforts to
actually cut oil supply kidney pressure
the American not to do that
we have for the first time in history
opened up discussions with the United
States through the companies I
personally let an object delegation to
meet with the producers in Houston to
begin to explore areas of possible
collaboration and all I can tell you now
it was a very successful exploratory
meeting where we began to understand
ourselves not through reports through
analysis but face-to-face sitting down
with them one important message that I
took away from that meeting was the
realization by all those who
participated in that inaugural historic
meeting that as producers whether Appa
common topic whether conventional
players or non-conventional players
where the oil show offshore we all
belong to the same market we belong to
the same industry therefore the history
the consequences or the impact of this
cycle this current cycle has left none
of us insulated from its consequences
and its impact
and therefore we agreed at that meeting
we all have a shared responsibility to
maintaining stability to minimizing the
impacts of the psychical nature of this
industry because nobody they agree to
cut supply with you know I will not say
so I mean that was not the idea you will
appreciate that in such a fast meeting
for the first time US companies with all
the income branches of their legislation
and their laws decided to sit with OPEC
you know that is significant something
must have really pushed them to this
table to sit down with us and I am
satisfied that we were able to have very
open and frank discussions we shared our
perspectives we shared our experiences
we understood our differences better and
they requested that we should continue
this dialogue that this dialogue is not
only beneficial to affect but is also
beneficial to them some of you in the
media said we broke the bread or we
broke the ice just regarding the whole
shale oil Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman said that shale oil era is
finished is it really that we're in for
a new era what did he mean do you know
well as I have told you you have seen
the numbers that are coming out of the
United States they ramp up the
production that we have seen in the last
several years and particularly from this
November December last year to this year
when we have seen a significant ramp up
of production is not likely to repeat
itself in the short term medium term
within that timeframe and why because
this supply was funded heavily by public
and
private equity to their focus was on how
to produce higher volumes not on
profitability now all this is changing
and what is our evidence you can see the
numbers of rigs particularly oil rigs
continuously known coming down to their
own productivity report themselves in
the u.s. the wells as well as the rig's
are decelerating now the projections
going forward whether it is the whether
it is the IE the companies themselves
are beginning to come out to question
those projections for 2018 and beyond I
have met them in several forums that
those projections are totally way out
because they feel the pinch there are
the ones in the field in the trenches
they do not have the capacity for that
incremental growth going forward
your excellency as you know the
international deal on Iran's nuclear
program is in jeopardy
thanks to President Trump that means
that the future of Iran's oil output is
also uncertain how can you plan ahead
for production volumes what you don't
know if Iranian oil is gonna be on
market or not well to the best of my
knowledge I'm not sure whether the Iran
nuclear deal is in jeopardy
even the United States has not
officially pulled out of this great
effort of the p5 plus one and we remain
hopeful that reason will prevail I have
not had any member of the p5 plus 1
questioning or objecting to the
continued application of this noble
international effort
therefore in solidarity with member
country we hope that normalcy will be
allowed to prevail I mean I want to talk
about another political aspect that
actually somehow infects the oil prices
Iraqi Kurdistan referendum for instance
and the standoff it cost between the
Kurds and the Iraqi bombed out
government in turn what happens is that
a quite a bit of Iraqi oil didn't hit
the market do you expect this son
certainly to last because that's also
keeping the oil prices higher and is it
fair to say that in a way it's a good
thing for OPEC Oh certainly not Iraq as
you know is not only a founder member of
OPEC is the birthplace of this
organization it's a very strong member
of OPEC and whatever effects Iraq
especially in these circumstances is of
great concern to all of us in the
organization I'm glad to note that the
government of Iraq with the
international goodwill well that it has
have been able to douse the situation
now and hopefully we'll restore full
stability in that part of Iraq Iraq is
not only important to operate but it's
also key to the stability of the region
whether it is on energy or on
geopolitics we remain confident that the
government working with international
partners will continue to contain the
situation through dialogue and also
continue with the massive walkover
struction in New York it's also
interesting to see how during this
stability in rising prices the producing
countries are reacting because of course
the high prices are appealing but they
kind of get greedy look what happened to
Indonesia right they don't want to they
refuse to cooperate on supply cut and
they're not members anymore so is it
fair that countries that actually agree
to comply to that agreement are actually
cutting supply while the countries are
pumping and selling it is the sovereign
decision of every participating country
to decide to join this noble global
effort or not so far we only got 24
countries who have agreed voluntarily in
their own national interest to do in
this global effort Indonesia has been a
member of OPEC for many many years
unfortunately they had some challenges
domestic challenges regarding their
production therefore last year they
decided to freeze not opt-out but to
suspend their membership until they are
able to sort out their domestic
challenges and we look forward to
Indonesia coming back fully to
participate not only within OPEC as a
member full member of OPEC but also in
the declaration of cooperation secondly
we also look forward to other producing
countries who might have been skeptical
in the beginning whether it was
worthwhile whether it was possible
whether we could implement what we
decided now I think that skepticism has
been addressed we did not only agree on
these historic decisions we also
implemented our obligations
fully and in a timely manner and
everybody is seeing the response of the
market and the industry even confidence
in the industry is beginning to return
even the number of jobs companies in
this industry have started hiring so I
don't think any producer needs to be
persuaded to to come and join this noble
noble effort so we are looking forward
to those that have not been able to join
this train from the first train station
to please join us because it's open
your excellency thank you very much for
this interview wish you all the best of
luck I had of the November 30th meeting
and in everything else thank you thank
you possible
you
