as the fight against ISIL in Syria and
Iraq turns into a mop-up operation
another Middle East conflict might be
brewing Saudi Arabia the United Arab
Emirates and Kuwait have ordered their
citizens to leave Lebanon quote
immediately less than a week ago
Bahrain another Saudi ally gave the same
order to its citizens citing safety
considerations that comes as Lebanon is
rocked by the sudden resignation of its
prime minister over the weekend his
whereabouts are unknown however the US
State Department spokesperson caused a
bit of confusion when she seemed to let
it slip she may know where Saad Hariri
really is in terms of the conditions of
him being held or the conversations
between Saudi Arabia and the Prime
Minister Hariri I would have to refer
you to the government of Saudi Arabia
and also to mr. Herrera's office being
held as he is here in detention I'm not
gonna put that word behind I'm not gonna
associate that word with it but where he
is right now
where where is he is the other nice room
I don't know where he is I've heard
different reports I can't confirm where
he is but where he is right now where
did the charger meet he met him I don't
I don't think I'm permitted to say that
but I will double check on that there
was also speculation that Saudi Arabia
could be holding Hariri against his will
Riyadh denies this as for the reason for
Hariri's decision to step down
he cited Iranian influence in his
country but she is wherever Iran is
present it plants discord and
destruction attested to by its
interference in Arab countries in
Lebanon Syria Iraq Bahrain and Yemen I
would like to say to Iran and its
followers that they will be losers in
their intervention in wake up has ended
in the past and their region for some of
the latest events in Lebanon have
sparked fears of a military conflict
between two regional foes Iran and Saudi
Arabia journalist Martin Jay thinks the
current crisis in Lebanon has actually
been artificially created by those in
there is an agenda to to try and
destabilize it ran and to and to create
some sort of tension in the region and
these are the first steps or ordering
shadows outages are somewhat of a futile
gesture given that are hardly any Saudis
in Lebanon other movements but there are
a few Kuwait Ceasar quite a few created
tourists what's the link you might be
asking yourself to Lebanon well Saad
Hariri a lot of people don't know is
also a Saudi citizen spent most of his
life in Saudi Arabia and it was
considered to be a sort of a Saudi porn
to put it bluntly and so they've they
pulled mr. RiRi
over back to Saudi Arabia in a sort of
panic last week a couple of times and
basically forced him to resign as
Lebanese premier that's part of a bigger
longer-term plan to try and destabilize
Lebanon to shake tiny Lebanon so as to
make a point to Hezbollah and to the
region that as a new there's a new guy
in town a new leader in Saudi Arabia
who's got a new agenda to play out
