one British intelligence analyst told us
the Russian firm is being discredited
what this is quite frankly it's an old
Russian term compliment if it were
gaining information gaining information
about new hi-tech anti-missile systems
there would be more of the traditional
rail of intelligence agencies seeking
information but as I say this is
compromising the alternate the
opposition compromise and it's a hugely
expensive program but it is one that the
Americans and the American code writers
are extremely effective at doing it was
revealed by a previous WikiLeaks
publication of CIA files that the agency
has its own malware which exploits a
vulnerability zin phones and TVs and can
bypass encryption on messaging apps the
previous leaked mentions a CIA group
that's created a library of hacking
techniques stolen from other countries
the agency also has a tool to disguise
its malware and make it look like it's
being created by somebody else using
languages such as Arabic Russian Chinese
Farsi Korean thereby making it harder to
attribute a cyberattack to the CIA and
we spoke to a former CIA officer who is
amazed that nobody has spotted a
connection between the Russian hacking
allegations and the CIA's hacking tools
CIA has notice about the fact that they
are original pristine pure documents as
usual with WikiLeaks and the supreme
irony of course is that Kaspersky Labs
has been disclaiming any involvement in
any of this Russian hacking and the
evidence such as it is suggests to me as
an intelligence analyst connecting dots
the conspiracy may not even know that it
was the CIA that has put in the damaging
information which indicated supposedly
that Kaspersky was doing something
untoward it's it's an amazing story for
an intelligence analyst you
we're taught to connect dots but even
when this marble framework tool was
announced by Julian Assange even though
the Soviets or the Russians now have
been accused of hacking into various
systems no one no one has ever put that
revelation together with the so-called
Russian hack of the DNC emails and say
oh wow it might be the Russians now
Kaspersky Labs is in the same situation
