today we are privileged to have with us
his Excellency President Xi Jingping of
the People's Republic of China to be
here and deliver a keynote address to
the APEC CEO summit two weeks ago the
Communist Party of China concluded its
successful 19th National Congress after
the Congress general principles and
functional guidelines were laid out for
China's development going forward it is
a congress of milestone significance as
a major engine for global economy
China's development is having growing
implications for a region and beyond so
what major steps and new opportunities
will a growing China present to the Asia
Pacific and the boat and what new
efforts will China make to promote
economic cooperation in the Asia Pacific
let us find answers to these questions
from the following keynote address may I
suggest a round of applause for his
excellency president seating here
Audino chairman vote in lok leaders of
the APEC business community ladies and
gentlemen dear friends good afternoon I
am pleased to come to dine on and meet
all of you again Danone is indeed a
beautiful city on my way here from the
airport I'm deeply impressed by the
beautiful scenery our region the Asia
Pacific has the biggest share of the
global economy it is a major engine
driving global growth the business
community is a primary contributor to
growth as it keeps exploring new ways of
development that is why during the APEC
economic leaders meeting over the last
several years I have always taken time
to meet business leaders and discuss
with you approaches and measures to
address the challenges we face it has
been 10 years since the international
financial crisis broke out over the last
decade the international community have
worked in concert to steer the global
economy back to the track of recovery
thanks to our efforts the global economy
is now improving
despite risks and uncertainties global
trade and investment are picking up
people are more optimistic about the
outlook of financial markets and
confidence is growing in all sectors
development is a journey with no end it
has one new departure point after
another Malaysian Chinese philosopher
once observed we should focus our mind
on the future not the past
we live in the fast changing world the
global
economy is undergoing more profound
changes we must therefore closely follow
the trend of the global economy identify
its underlying dynamics keep to the
right direction and on that basis take
bold action we are seeing a profound
change in growth drivers countries are
turning to reform an innovation to meet
challenges and achieve growth the
potential of structural reforms is being
unlocked and its positive impact of
boosting growth of countries around the
world has become more evident a new
round of technological and industrial
revolutions is gaining momentum digital
economy and sharing economy have
registered rapid growth new industries
as well as new business forms and models
are flourishing as a result new growth
drivers are being created we are seeing
a profound change in the model of global
growth as time advances development has
taken on profoundly richer implications
the vision of innovative coordinated
green and open development for all is
gaining increasing public support to
achieve more comprehensive higher
quality and more sustainable development
has become the shared goal of the
international community to implement the
2030 agenda for sustainable development
and adapt to climate change and other
challenges of a global nature has become
an important international consensus we
are seeing a profound change in economic
globalization over the last few decades
economic globalization
has contributed significantly to global
growth indeed it has become an
irreversible historical trend against
the backdrop of evolving global
developments economic globalization also
faces new adjustments in both form and
substance in pursuing economic
globalization we should make it more
open more inclusive more balanced more
equitable and more beneficial to all we
are seeing a profound change in the
system of global economic growth
governance the evolving global economic
environment demands more from the system
of global economic governance we should
uphold multilateralism pursue shared
growth through consultation and
collaboration forge closer partnerships
and build a community with a shared
future for mankind this I believe is
what we should do in conducting global
economic governance and new era ladies
and gentlemen dear friends
faced with the profound changes in the
global economy should we the
asia-pacific economies lead reform and
innovation or should we hesitate and
proceed hotting Lee should we steer
economic globalization or should we did
a install in the face of challenge
should we jointly advance regional
cooperation or should we go our separate
ways
here is my answer we must advance with a
trend of times live up to our
responsibilities and work together to
deliver a bright future development and
prosperity for the asia-pacific first we
should continue to foster an open
economy that benefits all openness
prints progress while self seclusion
leaves one behind we the asia-pacific
economies know this too well from our
own development experience we should put
in place a regional cooperation
framework that ensures consultation
among equals wide participation and
shared benefits we should build an open
asia-pacific economy and promote trade
and investment liberalization
facilitation we should make economic
globalization more open inclusive and
balanced so that it can benefit
different countries and people of
different social groups we should
proactively adapt to the evolving
international division of labor and
actively reshape the global value chain
so as to upgrade our economies and build
up new strengths we sure to support the
multilateral trading regime and practice
open regionalism to allow developing
members to benefit more from
international trade and investment
the building of a free trade area of the
asia-pacific is a long-cherished dream
of the business community in our region
it was in response to the call of the
business community that APEC leaders
initiated the f-type vision in Hanoi in
2006 then in 2014 the after process was
launched in Beijing we must get into
action fully implemented the Beijing
roadmap move to work the Aftab and
provide an institutional underpinning
for an open economy in the asia-pacific
second we should continue to pursue
innovation driven development and create
new drivers of growth the current global
economic recovery is largely driven by
cyclical factors and the lack of self
generating driving forces remains a
nagging problem to avoid the risk of the
global economy entering a new mediocre
we must sustain growth through
innovation the new round of
technological and industrial revolutions
is unfolding before a digital economy
and sharing economy are taking the world
by storm
break breakthroughs have been made in
new technologies such as artificial
intelligence and quantum science we
cannot afford to act like onlookers what
we should do is to seize the opportunity
increase input in innovation change
development model and nurture new growth
areas we should promote structural
reform and remove all institutional and
systemic barriers to innovation
and the to energize the market we should
implement the APEC Accord on innovative
development economic reform and growth
adopted in Beijing we need to deepen
cooperation on the internet and digital
economy and strive to be a global leader
of innovative growth third we should
continue to enhance connectivity and
achieve interconnected development
interconnected development is the best
way to achieve mutual benefit and women
outcomes we the asia-pacific economies
are closely connected and our interests
are interlocked through interconnected
development and their Vista will be
opened up for our respective development
while Australia a strong boost will be
given to the common development of our
partners in 2014 the APEC connectivity
blueprint was formulated this blueprint
should be our guide in building a
comprehensive or round and multi-tiered
network of asia-pacific connectivity we
should boost the real economy through
greater connectivity break bottlenecks
to development and unlock potentials
through these efforts we can achieve
coordinated and interconnected
development in May this year the belt
and Road forum for international
cooperation were successfully held in
Beijing the belt and Road initiative is
a joint endeavor with a clear focus on
promoting infrastructure development and
connectivity on strengthening
coordination on economic policies on
enhancing complementarity of development
strategies and on boosting
interconnected development for common
prosperity this initiative is from China
but it belongs to the world
it is rooted in history but it is all
reentered toward the future
it focuses on the Asian European and
African continents but it is open to all
other partners I am confident that the
launch of the belt in Road initiative
will create a broader and a more dynamic
platform for asia-pacific cooperation
fourth we should continue to make
economic development more inclusive and
deliver its benefits to our people the
current headwinds confronting economic
globalization is mostly generated by the
lack of inclusiveness in development if
we are to bring the benefits of
development to countries across the
globe and people across our society and
turn our vision into reality then hard
work is still needed over the past few
years we have actively explored ways to
promote inclusive development and have
built strong consensus about it
we should deepen a regional economic
integration develop an open and
inclusive market and strengthen the bond
of shared interests we should make
inclusiveness and sharing a part of our
development strategies improve systems
and institutions that uphold efficiency
and fairness and safeguard social equity
and justice we should invest more in
education medical care employment and
other areas that are important to
people's livelihood we need to address
poverty and the widening gap between the
rich and the poor we should reach out to
disadvantaged groups improve the
business environment for micro small and
medium sized enterprises and enable the
workforce to better adapt to industrial
transformation
this way everyone can have his fair
share of opportunity and benefits ladies
and gentlemen dear friends as an old
Chinese saying goes a commitment was
made should be delivered hosting
development in the issue Pacific
requires real actions by all the members
at the world's second largest economy
China knows fully well its
responsibility over the past five years
we have taken proactive steps to adapt
to manage and steer the new normal of
China's economy and deepened supply-side
structural reform as a result China's
economy has maintained steady
performance we are pursuing better
quality more efficient fairer and more
sustainable development over the past
four years China's economy has grown by
7.2 percent on average annually
contributing over 30% of global growth
China is now a main driver or in global
growth
we have worked hard to remove systemic
and institutional barriers that impede
development through comprehensive reform
as many as 360 major reform initiatives
and more than 1500 reform measures have
been taken breakthroughs have been made
in key areas general frameworks for
reform happy important place in major
sectors we have stepped up efforts to
build new institutions of the open
economy and transform models of foreign
trade and outbound investment to
continue the shift from quantitative to
qualitative improvement in trade we have
advanced theoretical practical
institutional cultural and other
explorations to unleash new impetus for
growth China has become a huge platform
where all factors and players of
innovation converge to make a real
difference from infrastructure to
various economic sectors from business
models to waste consumption innovation
is leading the way
we have pursued a people-centered
philosophy of development to make our
development more inclusive and
beneficial to all individual income has
registered sustained growth outpacing
GDP growth for many years income gaps
between urban and rural areas and
between different regions have been
narrowing middle income group expanding
and Guinea coefficient dropping more
than 13 million new urban jobs have been
created every year for four consecutive
years significant advances that be made
in pursuing green development resulting
in considerable reduction in the
intensity of energy and resource
consumption and market improvement in
the ecological environment to lift all
the remaining poor people out of poverty
is a solemn commitment made by the
Chinese government to the people it is
uppermost in my mind and I have spent
more energy on poverty alleviation than
anything else over the past five years I
have been to many poor areas in China to
pin down the causes of poverty and
address these problems in a targeted way
as a result decisive progress has been
made in the fight against poverty over
the past five years we have lifted more
than 16 million people out of poverty
the poverty headcount ratio has declined
and per capita rural income in poor
areas has maintained double-digit growth
this has not come easily we are proud of
what we've achieved in poverty
alleviation ladies and gentlemen dear
friends China's development is an
evolving historical process last month
the 19th National Congress of the
Communist Party of China was
successfully convened in Beijing
responding to our people's desire for
better life
the Party Congress formulated a guide to
action and development blueprint for
China in the new era it is envisaged
that by 2020 China will turn itself into
a moderately prosperous society in all
respects
and by 2035 China will basically realize
socialist modernization by the middle of
this century China will become a great
modern socialistic country that is
prosperous strong democratic culturally
advanced harmonious and beautiful under
the leadership of the Communist Party of
China the Chinese people will embark on
new journey
first this is a new journey of deepening
reform across the world and unleashing
dynamism for development result of
difficulties and problems on the way
forward we must even all-round reform we
must focus more on resolving problems
get rid of all outdated thinking and
ideas and all institutional elements and
breaks through the blockades of vested
interests to inspire creativity and
vitality throughout society for both
develop a set of institutions that are
well conceived fully built
procedure-based
and efficiently functioning and achieve
modernization of China's system and
capacity for governance next year we
will celebrate the 40th anniversary of
China's launching of the reform and
opening-up initiative China's reform
will cover more areas and more in
stronger steps will be taken in pursuing
this endeavor second
this is a new journey of moving with the
times and exploring new model of
development China's economy is in a
transition from a phase of rapid growth
to a stage of high quality development
will be guided by the new development
philosophy put quality first give
priority to performance and develop a
modernized economy we will pursue
supply-side structural reform as our
main task work hard to achieve better
quality and higher efficiency
performance and create more robust
growth through reform we will raise
total factor productivity and accelerate
the building of an industrial system
that promotes coordinated development of
the real economy with technological
innovation modern finance in the talent
pool we will endeavor to develop an
economy with more effective market
mechanisms dynamic macro entities and
sound macro regulation all these efforts
will make China's economy more
innovative and competitive we will
promote further integration of the
Internet Big Data and artificial
intelligence with the real economy
encounter with new drivers of growth in
digital economy sharing economy clean
energy and other areas we will continue
to explore new mechanisms and pathways
for achieving coordinated development
among regions promote coordinated
development of the Beijing Tianjin Kobe
region Yangtze economic belt Xuan new
area and Guangdong Hong Kong Macau
greater Bay Area filled world-class city
clusters and foster new source of growth
as China works hard to pursue innovation
and a higher quality of breath
new forms of business will keep emerging
new innovations will be applied and
development of various regions in China
will become more balanced all this will
create a more powerful and extensive
impact present more opportunities of
cooperation and enable more countries to
board Express train of China's
development
third this is a new journey toward
greater integration with the world and
an open economy of higher standards
China will not slow its steps in opening
up itself we will work together with
other countries to create new drivers of
common development through the launching
of the bau-t Road initiative we will
adopt two policies to promote high
standard liberalisation and facilitation
of trade and investment we will
implement the system of pre
establishment national treatment plus a
negative list across the board
significantly ease market access further
open the service sector and protect the
legitimate rights and interests of
foreign investors all businesses
registered in China will be treated as
equals we will grant more powers to
Planet free trade zones to conduct a
reform and explore the opening of free
trade ports we will speed up
negotiations with partner countries on
the concluding of free trade agreements
and investment treaties event the
building of Aftab work for the speedy
conclusion of RCEP negotiations an
endeavor to establish a global network
of free trade areas
in the next 15 years China will have an
even larger market and more
comprehensive development it is
estimated that China will import 24
trillion US dollars worth of goods
attract two trillion US dollars inbound
direct investment and make 2 trillion US
dollars outbound investment in November
next year China will hold the first
China International import Expo in
Shanghai which will provide a new
platform for expanding cooperation in
China's market among all parties fourth
this is a new journey toward a better
life for the people to secure a better
life for our people is what we aim to
achieve in everything we do
we will ensure and improve living
standards through development and meet
people's ever-growing needs for a better
life we will continue to promote social
fairness and justice to see that our
people will always have a strong sense
of gains happiness and security we will
continue to implement targeted poverty
reduction and alleviation measures and
ensure that by the year 2020 over all
residents living below the current
poverty line will be lifted out of
poverty each and every one of the over
1.3 billion Chinese should lead decent
lives no one will be left behind
we will speed up reform of the system
for ecological conservation pursue green
low-carbon and sustainable development
and implement the most restrictive
possible systems for environmental
protection by 2035 there will be a
fundamental improvement in the
environment the goal of building a
beautiful China will be basically
attained we will actively tackle climate
change and protect our common home for
the sake of human survival China's
carbon dioxide emission is expected to
peak around 2030 and we will make every
effort for such emissions to reach the
peak ahead of time we will increase the
share of non fossil fills in primary
energy consumption to around 20 percent
by 2030 once we set a target we will not
stop our efforts until it is met
fifth this is a new journey toward a new
type of international relations a
community with a shared future for
mankind
the dream of the Chinese people was
closely connected with the dreams of
people of other countries our world is
full of challenges and the road ahead
will not be smooth but we will not give
up on our dream we will double our
efforts I work with all others to build
an open inclusive clean and beautiful
world that enjoys durable peace
Universal security and common prosperity
we Chinese believe that peace is most
precious and that there should be
harmony among all nations were committed
to peaceful development and we will
remain an anchor for peace and stability
in the asia-pacific region and beyond
China will guided by the principle of
uploading justice while pursuing shared
interests actively developed global
partnerships expand the convergence of
interests with other countries and work
to foster a new type of international
relations
featuring mutual respect fairness
justice and win-win cooperation acting
on the principle of achieving shared
growth through consultation and
collaboration we will get actively
involved in reforming and developing the
global governance system to make the
International political and economic
order more just and equitable
ladies and gentlemen dear friends all of
our people in the asia-pacific deserve
peace stability and prosperity and all
of us in the region should jointly
deliver a bright future for the
asia-pacific partnerships based on
mutual trust inclusiveness cooperation
and mutual benefit this is what keeps
our big asia-pacific family together and
ensure the success of asia-pacific
cooperation let us take solid steps to
promote cooperation and usher in an even
brighter future for the Asia Pacific
thank you
your excellency for your wonderful
speech you underscored the major
transition taking place in the world
economy pointed out the way forward for
asia-pacific cooperation elaborated on
the new journey of China's development
launched by the 19th Party Congress
demonstrated the bright prospect of
common development of China and other
Asian Pacific partners this is a real
boost to our confidence in our win-win
cooperation let's once again Express pal
thanks to President Xi with a warm round
of applause
thank you very much thank you very much
at his Excellency Xi Jinping president
of the People's Republic of China ladies
and gentlemen we asked you to remain
seated
