colossal bribery and fraud has engulfed
the US Navy as according to prosecutors
in the so-called fat leonard case who
have now revealed the true extent of the
scandal four hundred and forty personnel
have been indicted including more than
60 admirals and scores of officers all
of them are accused of sharing secret
information in return for bribes such as
alcohol and prostitutes but is being
treated as fraud not espionage while the
identities of the people implicated are
being held back supposedly to avoid
jeopardizing the investigation the
release of such information would likely
reveal sensitive details about the
breadth and scope of the criminal
investigation and pending cases
Arty's caleb mopin explains how the
terms espionage and corruption appear to
have been swapped in this inquiry so
what did they do well allegedly they
were seduced by Leonard Francis aka fat
Leonard he offered them booze parties
luxury hotels and cash in exchange for
information about where US Navy ships
were going in the Pacific Ocean he did
this in order to earn contracts now fat
Leonard aka Leonard Francis is in the
San Diego Jail so giving away military
information launched an inquiry into
corruption now these Navy officers
admitted to giving away ship schedules
and they pleaded guilty to bribery but
leaking and giving up classified
government information under US law
isn't called bribery
it's called espionage why is the
Espionage Act not being applied to
corrupt Navy officers Christian Saucer
took some photos with his cell phone in
a classified area of a u.s. nuclear
submarine nobody paid him anything and
he didn't leak them to anyone he simply
lost his cell phone well he ended up
getting sentenced to a year in prison
now his mother thinks her son got a raw
deal in 2009 there was no cell phone ban
on submarines at that time technology
was new and didn't catch up Navy hadn't
caught up yet I really have no doubt in
my mind that it was a 22 year old guy
that
wanted to get out of where he worked
yeah they were Eddie took pictures and
cellphones were allowed now when it
comes to whistleblowers who reveal US
forces killing civilians or the NSA's
massive surveillance it doesn't take
long for them to be charged with
espionage
few months later I started working at
the agency were you aware at the time or
did you
so it looks like photographers without
mal-intent and whistleblowers get hit
with stiff penalties but if you're a
good old boy in the US Navy brass and
you trade military secrets for sex and
cash well it looks like the stiff
penalties just don't apply Kaleb Maupin
RT New York
