the spat between Iran and Saudi Arabia
has escalated after a missile attack
near Riyadh Airport carried out by
Houthi rebels in Yemen Iran's president
warned Saudi Arabia on Wednesday it will
achieve nothing by threatening the might
of Iran after Saudi Arabia laid the
blame for that missile attack on Tehran
joy oh hey you know the might and
position of the Islamic Republic people
more powerful than you have been unable
to do anything against the Iranian
people you're not strong enough to do
that some are now concerned that the
ongoing and underreported proxy war
between the two regional powers could
turn into a head-on head-to-head
confrontation artis Murad gas d/f now
assessing how Saudi Arabia does continue
to add fuel to the fire
recently barely a day seems to go by
without Saudi Arabia making headlines
and it almost always boils down to its
arch enemy Iran it is a game of chess
that spans an entire region on every
front in every country the Saudis see
Iran's evil influence the Houthi rebels
in Yemen who Saudi Arabia has been
bombing for many years fire a rocket at
Riyadh that the Saudis could only
describe as Iranian aggression Iran's
role and its direct command of his
hootie proxy in this matter constitutes
a clear act of aggression
the coalition's command considers this a
blatant act of military aggression by
the Iranian regime and could rise to be
considered as an act of war against the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia the Saudis are
also ready to throw their allies under
the bus to create an excuse to denigrate
Iran
q the Lebanese Prime Minister holding a
successful meeting with the Iranians and
then going to Saudi Arabia and out of
the blue without warning declaring his
resignation while launching into a
tirade about evil Iranian influence
plunging the region into chaos and
destruction oh she is wherever Iran is
present it plants discord and
destruction and attested to by its
interference in Arab countries in
Lebanon Syria Iraq Bahrain and Yemen I
would like to say to Iran and its
followers that they will be losers in
their intervention in Arab affairs
our nation will wake up has ended in the
past and their hands in the region will
be count on that you lose a pawn and
gain an opening then there's the
blockade of Qatar
a trade embargo severed ties ultimatums
and warnings punishment some say for
Qatar
daring to deal with the Iranians and
then there's Syria the Saudi sponsored
rebellion is dying their jihadist allies
are losing and Assad is winning this
isn't what we had planned
we hope that and expect that during the
interim period of the transition period
Bashar Assad will exit because he has
absolutely no role to play in the
futures here
and while Syria may have unexpectedly
checkmated Riyadh here in the Saudis a
ramping up attacks on Iran on other
fronts truly this is an international
game of chess with nations and
populations at stake ironic given that
last year Saudi Arabia's highest Islamic
cleric banned the chess saying that the
game causes enmity and hatred between
people and even when played on a giant
geopolitical scale well it looks like he
was right independent political analyst
pepe escobar says that Saudi Arabia's
occasions come from a desire to change
the narrative in the region
Saudi Arabia is isolated in the in the
emerging new Middle East they lost in
Syria because of the fear of the -
project they lost in Iraq I was just
back from Baghdad and the talking back
that is about not balkanization but
about Iraqi national unity they lost
again with the blockade against Qatar
they are losing the war on Yemen which
is horrifying with tens of thousands of
civilian casualties and supported by the
US Congress for that matter and using
American weapons and UK weapons and now
they are trying to change the narrative
they're blaming Iran they are trying to
rack up a confrontation involving
Lebanon which is caught in the crossfire
and it still is the same old story the
Saudi Arabia against Iran and countries
in the Middle East South West Asia are
going to be caught in a crossfire it's
an absolutely horrific situation there
is a scale eating very very fast
