in the wake of violent clashes in
Hamburg during the g20 this summer the
German Left Party is now considering
filing a legal complaint against a
police commander who was in charge of
the operation against protesters it
claims he broke German law and allegedly
permitted the use of combat weapons
during the protests artis Peter Oliver
investigates where the g20 goes riots do
tend to follow but the thousands of
police that struggle to keep the peace
this year in Hamburg have been accused
of going too far and using a weapon that
they're not allowed to
this is the bit of kit in question the
mzp-1 multipurpose pistol during rioting
that started on the 6th of July and ran
through tule 8 this particular weapon
was used 15 times to fire a rubber
bullets and 67 times to disperse teargas
canisters the police say it's a pistol
and therefore they are allowed to use it
however government documents that were
leaked to the press here in Germany seem
to show that it is classified as a
combat weapon and therefore shouldn't be
deployed at public events the HK 69 in
HK 169 are considered grenades which are
classified as war weapons by the war
weapons list the company that
manufactures it also doesn't classify it
as a pistol when contacted by RT Hamburg
police doubled down on their insistence
that they were well within their rights
to use the mzp-1 the facts have not
changed and remain as following the mzp
is a pistol in accordance but Title 18
part 4 of security and order act the
operation was carried out in full
compliance with the existing Hamburg
regulations it was understood before the
summit that police hadn't intended to
use rubber bullets or teargas
but after rioting raged out of control
they changed pack the decision to employ
the mzp-1 has seen lawmakers from the
opposition Left Party consider legal
action against the Hamburg police chief
for breaching the war weapons Act
there's strong regulations what can be
used in federal state of Germany and
what cannot be used and these are
forbidden in Hamburg so we knew it when
we see that with police officers we
against the German and the Hamburg
federal legislation to use it so I think
that is an abuse which
it's not really tolerable repercussions
from the violence scene at this year's
g20 continue to rumble on long after
many have forgotten what world leaders
actually gathered at the g20 to discuss
in the first place Peter Oliver RT
Berlin
