Marty spoke exclusively to versus Sports
Minister Pavel Kolob cough on the
country's cooperation with the IOC and
wada as well as if Russia will take part
in the upcoming Winter Olympics in South
Korea the announcement made today by
Russia's investigative body is very
important I think wada should take into
consideration the conclusions reached by
Russia's investigative body I very much
hope there will be cooperation between
these entities with the aim to determine
the truth
if the IOC does decide on making
sanctions against Russia in the Winter
Games such as not allowing the Russian
national anthem to be played all barring
delegates and athletes from the opening
ceremony would you consider that as
being unacceptable a humiliation for
Russia and would you then consider a
boycott of the games I don't like the
word boycott there were boycotts in the
1980s and had a very adverse effect on
sport this is an impossible scenario now
our team is calmly preparing for the
games we're staying in constant contact
with the IOC on many points we do
disagree Birds I still hope that the
final decision will be in the name of
sport I've said many times that athletes
that violate doping rules should be
punished but clean athletes shouldn't
have to bear responsibility for those
breaching the rules our goal is to make
sure clean athletes get the rights to
compete I think the international sports
organizations have the same goal while
making such decisions we must think
about every individual athlete involved
