the CIA director Mike Pompeo has come
under fire for meeting with a former
intelligence official over the alleged
hacking of the Democratic Party back in
2016 the US intelligence community laid
the blame for the hack on Moscow
Pompeyo met with William Binney a former
National Security Agency official turned
whistleblower he believes the hack of
the Democratic National Committee was in
fact a leak carried out by a DNC
employee Binney also co-authored a memo
to the President on the issue for which
some have dubbed him a conspiracy
theorist many have also questioned
Pompeo motives and his relationship to
President Trump I'm pleased to say we
can bring you a first-hand account of
that meeting now because joining me live
on the line is William Binney who is the
former technical director for the NSA
and it's a pleasure to have you on
William and let's let's try and do what
I know you say you like to do which is
let's try and get to the truth of the
matter about your report on everything
else around it so first of all could you
just tell us what was your meeting about
and few more details how long did it
last and what was said well at last
about an hour and it was about Russia
gate and trying to get to truth that
that and what facts do we know and what
could we say clearly and you know what
we what did we feel it meant so I went
through the technical data that we as
the veteran intelligence professionals
who have technical experience all of the
technical data that we had available and
could look at to analyze and from that
was very clear that it was a local
download because of the speeds and all I
mean we've even tried to transfer data
across the Atlantic with through the web
and see what speeds we could achieve and
and the most we got was like 12
megabytes per second and you needed at
least thirty eight megabytes just to
pass the data not counting housekeeping
so that meant that the capacity was
about one-fourth to one-eighth what
would be necessary to transfer that data
to somewhere in Europe for example as I
understand though I mean I just want to
challenge you on a challenge on this
William because I read yeah that one of
the members of your your kind of team
that was working on
this not that they disagreed with you
but they weren't so convinced and I mean
convinced that this was definitely the
case that it had to be a download is
it's not possible to transfer at that
speed now the best we got was from a
data center in New Jersey to a data
center in the UK and the best was 12
megabytes per second that's what I said
was 1/4 to 1/8 the necessary capacity to
transfer that data at the rate it was
downloaded so it had to be done locally
so why do you think you're you know some
of your team weren't so sure well I
think they were buying into the
emotionally generated agenda-driven
dribble that was being passed around by
the mainstream media in the u.s. there
without there is no substantive evidence
anywhere if they could produce some
factual evidence that we could look at
and analyze fine but so far they
produced absolutely nothing I mean they
treating the American people like
Pavlov's dogs through repetition they'll
believe anything and so therefore that's
the way they're treating us which I
think they're under estimating the
American pop population here we all
understand and can see right through
this facade so you go to the CIA
director or you meet with him and you've
got this what seems to be pretty hard
evidence certainly worth looking at in
the very least I would have thought so
what was his reaction to it well I
thought he first of all I gave him one
of the main issues I was there telling
him was that I didn't believe the
intelligence agencies were telling him
or the president the truth that was
pretty clear to me because they were
saying high confidence this I confidence
that but when it comes down to it
they've produced absolutely nothing to
prove any of their assertions that the
the point is that for example in the
Cuban Missile Crisis President Kennedy
produced the photography from the
YouTube plane of the missiles in Cuba
and and that was very clear evidence
that that was true and that raised that
crisis to a point then finally got
resolved hopefully that was glad to have
that happen and that's and then
President Reagan when the North Koreans
or the Russian shut down the the Korean
airline over Sakhalin Island he released
the air to ground control of the fighter
where
the Russian ground controller ordered
them to shoot I mean that was Kent that
was basically Japanese in herself so
that that that there are clear evidence
of people who are releasing evidence
when they have it when it's a serious
situation and that people are going to
call this kind of situation that act of
war they need to put up or shut up and
not and not simply throw at the
allegation I expect us to lay over like
Pavlov's dogs and believe what they're
saying after all look at what they said
about the Tonkin Gulf affair what they
said about weapons of mass destruction
you know and what they testified about
spying on US citizens in the Congress I
mean you can't believe them what else
they produce some kind of evidence they
have no credibility now is that your
general experience from working within
the intelligence community that you have
to be very skeptical of the evidence
they give to the leader of the country
yeah especially when it comes from the
higher-ups and the agency because they
changed the story to meet their their
agenda and I mean I experienced a lot of
that internally an NSA when I was
working there lying even internally in
NSA lying to one another
not counting lying from agency to agency
or even to the government itself
Congress or anybody else why is that
does the agency think it's it's above
the law above the president I think
they're running the country well yeah
they figured that they obviously they
think they're above the law because they
can out right line and everybody they
get discovered like like clapper did to
Congress or like Alexander did to
Congress where they went in and said
they're not spying on US citizen when in
fact they are and it's come it's come
out over time with Edward Snowden and
various other leaks and and some of the
some of the reporting that's been picked
up from the FISA Court saying you're
violating the FISA regulations and your
that comes from the FISA Court itself
and they've even compromised some of the
internal affairs of inside NSA where
they had a program they called
internally love intelligence love int
where the NSA analysts were looking at
the data that they've collected to see
if their lovers were cheating on him I
mean that's clear violation of the
constitutional rights of everybody in
the in the country so what even getting
back to your meeting with Mike Pompeo at
the end of that meeting was there any
suggestion that you would discuss again
in the future or is that the end of the
matter phone
no actually he did say he he asked me
what well he asked me what my
relationship with the FBI was and I said
I said well the last time I saw them
they were pointing guns at me so that
was in 2007 and but he did ask me if I
was to talk to the NSA and the FBI again
I guess he was interested in getting
assessments of what I thought they were
saying was true or false yeah
right now it's clearly false to me as
far as I can see information out there
suggesting that Pompeo met with you on
the suggestion of the President did he
say anything to you about that about why
he was meeting with you well yes well
this was the hopeful sign for me anyway
he said the president had told him that
he he should talk to me to try to get
some facts on the Russia Gate issue and
so that that was the opening statement
from him in the meeting and so I thought
that was very hopeful here they're
trying to find out what the truth is but
it also is indicative of the fact that
they're not getting the truth from their
own intelligence people and that's
really bad I mean some people out there
will say you know this is the people who
don't like Donald Trump will say that
he's trying to divert away from all
accusations of collusion with Russia and
he's trying to put any kind of blame
well anywhere but on himself
what would you say to that well I don't
buy into mindless dribble without any
factual evidence and that's basically
what their what their situation is they
have zero evidence the only thing they
say as well the Intelligence Committee
FBI and NSA and CIA you know say that
this is true well they said it was true
about weapons of mass destruction and so
we went to killed a few hundred thousand
people they said it was true in the
Intel in the Tonkin Gulf affair and we
went killed him over a million people
you know and they said it was true in
Syria and we wind shot missiles at them
well come on where was the evidence for
any of it and there wasn't any you know
the point is you can't believe them you
have to challenge them sorry since it me
that I just want to say you wrote this
memo back in July why why is it taking
so long for Donald Trump to become
interested in it
do you think well I I guess I brought it
up on some Fox television shows Tucker
Carlson show also a sean hannity show
and i think he watches those programs
over the last couple of months and i
brought brought that up several times
and i he may have seen that and said
well it looks like the only place where
i can get any evidence because he's
certainly not getting it from the from
the intelligence community now you
you've explained how this was about the
speed of downloading data oh just when i
go a little bit deeper on this in in
your memo you'll have explained it if
you could explain to our viewers what
exactly are your findings based on based
on the time stamping of the data being
taken off that product provided by
gusoff or two by the way for the
download of data on the 5th of July of
2016 and it came down in two sets two
sets of data about 40 seconds apiece a
total of 87 seconds with a time gap of
close to 12 minutes between and they
took down one 1976 megabytes not bits of
data which is about 16 gigabits of data
and if you back then in that time of
back in 2016 are I was buying through
the Costco or company 16 gigabit thumb
drives now if you're going to download
16 Giga bits a thumb drive this is my my
view of it now it doesn't doesn't mean
it's true but if you've done it
downloaded 16 Giga bits of data you
don't want to do it all in one 16
gigabit drive because you might lose
something so you split the data in two
parts and take it down in two parts so
you insert the thumb drive download the
first segment you take that output
insert the next one find out where you
left off then start and download the
rest of it which fits kind of what
happened that's my guess at what
happened all I know is that came down 16
Giga bits of data in 87 seconds and
that's not you can't and with a high
rate of download transfer of data as 38
megabytes
that's bytes not bits per second which
is not supportive old by the
network worldwide is there certainty
over this source of the information I
mean the critics they're gonna well
critique everything that what about
guseva 2.0 they'll say he's a Russian
operative he works for the Russian
government did he even have actual
access to the server can you be sure of
these things well I can I can only be
sure that it didn't go across the
network so it's locally downloaded
that's the only thing I can be sure who
goes over to is I don't know
and nobody's produced any evidence again
I mean everybody's speculating and
they're going with their own agenda and
emotionally-driven justifications for it
so I mean if anybody's going to make an
assertion give up facts so we can look
at it examine it and for ourselves and
and and be sure that it is true and we
can build it and analyze it I mean we've
been looking for data to analyze all
along the only thing we found was the
data on the 6th of July 2016 download
and also our experience in what we were
trying to do with transfer of data
across the Atlantic I mean I had some
some fairly experienced hackers in
Europe who tried to that data across the
Atlantic and they could not do it
and when you talk about we analyzed the
data is that meaning I was reading about
an expert forensic ATAR is this the
person who was analyzing the data for
you well he was looking at the data yes
and so we're about five or six other
people and I was looking at the output
of that trying to assess that to to just
to verify it and we also tried to test
it in the real world not in the
speculative world trying to do the
transfer to make it something that would
be compatible with that download rate
and we could not achieve that either so
you're confident of the level of
expertise of the people that you had on
this oh sure I mean well we did it we
had no other technical data or factual
evidence to analyze everything else is
speculation and agenda and
emotionally-driven assertions your
reputation I mean you spoke just before
the interview you know you're not a huge
fan of being called a whistle will blow
her in that sense more of a reluctant
hero but you did ask questions about
shedding a light on the truth and about
misappropriation of funds this use of
funds the likes of CNN in the past have
been quite flattering when when speaking
to you as I understand now though they
and other outlets are labeling you a
conspiracy theorist when you've been
going on about this latest story do you
feel the change in any kind of approach
towards you now that they're viewing you
differently or certainly trying to
portray you differently well you see
there's a they have a problem okay of
course because they've been asserting
this kind of speculation of the agenda
driven stuff for over a year now and and
it would be kind of difficult to do back
off that so but I mean to me it
basically shows the shallow weakness of
the argument when you have to throw
labels at people instead of dealing with
any factual evidence do you think enough
has been done so far you've had this
meeting I mean I don't know where Mike
Campos going to take this but based on
the you know that the information you
provide it has enough action been taken
and look I mean you just want the truth
has enough we're done to look into this
yeah yes no there they haven't done
enough in fact the FBI knows a lot more
about this than they're telling anybody
so does NSA but they're not saying it
either so and they're not telling that
that's this is the information I'm
getting from other sources I don't have
it substantiated but they need to come
forward and say exactly what they've
gotten so far they had not done that
William I appreciate you coming on
speaking to is it's been great talking
to your former technical director at the
NSA William Binney is my guest thank you
