let's discuss this further now and cross
live to speak to independent
geopolitical analyst pepe escobar thank
you for joining us on the program now
what do you think could be behind this
sudden and unexpected anti-corruption
Drive now it's not unexpected in fact a
trumpet only the only thing that he said
that applies is that Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman which we call MBS
knows exactly what he's doing which is
an old-style purge or what I call the
night of the Saudi Long Knives where he
got rid of any potential high-profile
contender against his one-man rule don't
forget Saudi Arabia has they don't have
an independent judiciary they don't have
freedom of expression they don't have a
credible opposition and in fact King
Salman is not ruling who's ruling is
actually MBs so a few days before in
fact two weeks before the night of the
Long Knives there was a famous Davos in
the desert conference where the new
Crown Prince in fact and the new
leadership was plugging the future of
Saudi Arabia as envisioned 2030 which
implies a lot of investment or ultra
high-profile specially American
investors we're talking about Larry
flink we're talking about a Stephen
Schwarzman and a few days later Jared
Kushner was in Riyadh where his bonding
and he has been bonding very closely
with the Crown Prince the next day there
was the night of the Long Knives Trump
said that our uncle a share should be
floated at the New York Stock Exchange
what I get from some my best sources
with they have been doing business deals
with the House of Saud for decades in
fact is that the underlying narrative is
a deal between Jared Kushner and NBS
personally Trump has kept his hands off
in this whole matter and basically
Kushner could be bailed out in his
difficulties in US visa
viii the famous 666 fifth avenue
property in in manhattan so this equals
personal deals this involves a new
foreign policy that is very complex and
Integra especially antagonizing Iran and
Lebanon which is the second part of our
discussion well the big question is
what's gonna what's gonna happen next do
you think that the clan war between the
Royals could escalate after the crown
for deductions and that is so how it is
a scale eating it absolutely it has
already escalated because in the middle
of all this Mellie when we have the jail
at the Riyadh ritz-carlton Lebanese
Prime Minister Saad Hariri going on
Saudi television reading a declaration
written by the Saudis and abdicating
from his post of Prime Minister in
Lebanon which is completely absurd and
the president of liver Michele on said
no we don't buy that we try to in term
intermediating with France the Brits
Jordan Egypt it didn't work and now
they're expecting Hadiya to go back to
Lebanon so this is ratcheting up an
intimidation of Lebanon because for the
mb/s crowd there is a direct conflict
between Hezbollah and the Lebanese
government so I've talked to a lot of
the best middle-east political analyst
or agree the next step is Saudi Arabia
retching up war against Lebanon and this
is a very very serious development ok
independent geopolitical analyst pepe
escobar thank you for your time
