Saudi Arabia has detained dozens of
royal figures and ministers in what it
calls an anti-corruption push these
arrests do not represent the start but
the completion of phase one of our
anti-corruption push 11 Prince's for
ministers and many ex ministers were
detained by the Saudi anti-corruption
body the US president has expressed
approval for the controversial move
despite the fact that one of his former
business partners is reportedly among
those detained
Jacqueline Vega reports RIANZ
ritz-carlton became the impromptu site
and luxurious prison for some of Saudi
Arabia's most wealthy and powerful over
the weekend it was a serious fall from
grace for those rounded up including
Prince's ministers and businesspeople
who had to make do with sleeping on the
floor in the 5-star Hotel
it's all part of an unprecedented
anti-corruption purge to create by the
king and put into motion by 32 year old
Prince Mohammed the sweeping arrests are
thought to be the young Saudi heirs
gamble to stamp out political rivals and
clear his way to power and on that way
he is ready to shatter decades of royal
traditions by breaking Saudi Arabia's
addiction to oil we will not allow our
country ever to be at the mercy of
commodity price volatility or external
markets we have developed a case of oil
addiction in Saudi Arabia and in his
rise to power Prince Mohammed has also
forged a close relationship with the
Trump administration
so it perhaps came as no surprise when
Trump gave his backing to the so-called
corruption purge on Twitter I have great
confidence in King Salomon and the crown
prince of Saudi Arabia they know exactly
what they're doing some of those they're
harshly treating I've been milk in their
country for years so who exactly is as
Donald Trump claims milking Saudi Arabia
dry one person is sixty two-year-old
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal an
internationally known businessman
holding shares in several US companies
like Apple Twitter Citigroup and Time
Warner funding early enough Trump
himself has ties to bin Talal who
reportedly helped bail out the tycoon
turned president twice in the 90s but
the relationship seemingly fell apart in
2015 you are a disgrace not only to the
GOP but to all America withdraw from the
US presidential race as you will never
win dopey Prince Alwaleed Talal wants to
control our us politicians with daddy's
money can't do when I get elected
apparently that doesn't always apply to
Saudis pouring money into America Trump
is now pleading for the Gulf states
national oil company to float its shares
on the New York Stock Exchange
so while Trump criticizes those arrested
for milking Saudi Arabia it would seem
the US president has nothing against
milking Riyadh's coffers to fill
Washington's
