Donald Trump's in South Korea on the
second stop of his Asia tour and once
again he's stressed the need to buy
american-made weapons that's leading
some to ask if he's sticking to exactly
the same script from country to country
take a look the Prime Minister of Japan
is going to be purchasing massive
amounts of military equipment as he
should and we make the best military
equipment by far be purchasing it from
the United States and whether it's the
f-35 fighter which is the greatest in
the world or whether it's missiles of
many different kinds the president and I
have agreed they'll be buying a
tremendous need and everybody thinks it
makes a lot of sense we make the
greatest military equipment in the world
whether it's planes whether it's
missiles no matter what it is we have
the greatest military equipment in the
world and South Korea will be ordering
billions of dollars of that equipment
which frankly for them makes a lot of
sense or monday-- on his stopover in
Japan Trump asked Congress in Washington
for an extra four billion dollars for
missile defense enhancements to counter
the North Korean threat and a further
billion to support his plans for the
wider region Samira Khan has more on
Trump's Asia tour after meeting with
Trump
the Japanese prime minister said it was
time to apply maximum pressure on North
Korea suggesting that intercepting
Pyongyang's missiles was possible
through coordination to which Trump
responded that if Tokyo purchased arms
from the US they'd be capable of
shooting them down he will shoot him out
of this guy when he completes the
purchase of lots of additional military
equipment from the United States he will
easily shoot them out of the sky why
because North Korea is apparently a
dangerous state most importantly we're
working to counter the dangerous
aggressions of the regime in North Korea
the regime continued development of it's
unlawful weapons programs including its
illegal nuclear tests and outrageous
launches of ballistic missiles
directly over Japanese territory are a
threat to the civilized world and
international peace and stability we
will not stand for that the era of
strategic patience is over well this is
expected to be a major theme on his
sweeping Asia tour but it all sounds too
familiar in essence almost identical to
what he had said throughout his Middle
East visit earlier this year and we will
be sure to help our Saudi friends to get
a good deal from our great American
defense companies this past summer Trump
signed the largest arms deal in US
history
Saudi Arabia worth 110 billion dollars
but who's the enemy in this scenario for
decades Iran has fueled the fires of
sectarian conflict and terror
threatening the region and causing so
much violence all nations of conscience
must work together to isolate there is a
growing realization among your Arab
neighbors that they have common cause
with you and the threat posed by Iran
and it is indeed a threat there's no
question about that
so the solution sounds fairly simple by
us weapons in the world would be a
better place I would love to be able to
get along with everybody right now the
world is a mess but I think by the time
we finish I think it's going to be a lot
better place to live but selling weapons
as diplomatic outreach has been an
age-old tradition of US presidents the
question is doesn't it just add fuel to
the fire
Samir Khan party Washington DC's echoing
that some of the experts and activists
we've been speaking to think Trump's
moves are more about military profits
than securing peace in the Pacific well
it seems to be Donald Trump's idea of
how to bring peace is to make sure that
everybody buys their weapons from the
United States of America it's it's good
if you can get the business I mean we
should remember that firstly there is
now a big arms buildup in the Pacific
which is very serious there's massive
rearmament going on and we're a missile
shield in South Korea so yeah I think
this is the baton we're saying and it's
not it's not one which is promoting
peace this is a time when the world
needs to say no we don't want more
weapons being poured into this area the
Trump administration is trying to take
all measures necessary at its end to be
able to protect itself we should view
this not from a strategic deterrence
perspective and more from a warfighting
perspective Pyongyang is not a serious
opponent for Washington but the fact of
the matter is that there is fair
possibility that the United States might
wish to initiate a first strike on North
Korea sometime within the next six to
eight months I don't see any reason why
Congress will not support the
President's request for funds with
regard to his Asia Pacific strategy
