some of the ideology that inspired the
Russian Revolution also seems to be
gaining ground in the minds of many
young people in the West today got him
up in now reports from New York when
asked about what kind of country they
would prefer to live in 44% of
Millennials said that they would prefer
socialism while only 42 percent favored
capitalism in the United States where
free-market ideology practically grows
on trees it's certainly mind-boggling to
see socialism be more popular than
capitalism among the youth so why is it
that Millennials are leaning away from
capitalism it might just be resulting
from like economic dissatisfaction in
the wake of the financial crisis and
people are just demonizing bang a lot of
young people just generally think that
capitalists thinking is not great I
don't disagree with them necessarily but
like it's you know I don't know if
there's like greed and all that sort of
stuff associated with it so communism
socialism capitalism or fascism
socialism so why do you think
Millennials favor socialism because they
want everything paid for they want their
college paid for they when everything
paid for they want to they want the
government to help them furthermore one
out of four Americans said that they
considered Che Guevara the
latin-american guerrilla fighter to be a
hero while more than ten percent said
that they consider Marx Lenin Stalin
Nicolas Maduro and Kim jong-un to be
heroes we spoke to New Yorkers about the
ideologies that define the 20th century
and their apparent comeback it's
something that a 20 year old would say
it's it's a very fashionable response
it's not grounded in reality at all
these were interesting characters they
totally confuse the war is going crazy
so it's hard to tell whether American
young people feel betrayed by the
current system that it's working against
them or whether they just feel like it's
time for a change regardless the trend
is here seems like what American
politicians have fought so hard against
his back Kalib Maupin RT New York
