it's November the 7th and for Russia
that marked the hundredth anniversary of
the Revolution which led to the creation
of the USSR and forever changed the
world
now you might well be wondering why
we're talking about the October
Revolution in November well it's because
Soviet Russia adopted a new calendar
after the Bolsheviks took power on the
25th of October 1917 which is November
the 7th according to the Gregorian
calendar that's used in most of the
world you can follow our revolutionary
times account on Twitter to see in real
time how events unraveled 100 years ago
today among the latest developments on
this timeline the Bolsheviks were
already taken control of the bridge
connecting the residents of the
country's leadership they already
control all working-class areas in the
capital here next for you a short recap
of what happened in Russia back in 1917
it's October 1917 and Russia is fast
approaching one of the most radical
turning points in its history the
country had been turned upside down by
the February revolution and exhausted by
the first world war the whole country
floundered in a cauldron of Anarchy
enormous Russia barring the new world
arrived in pain Tsar Nicholas the second
living in exile in Siberia with his
family following his abdication seven
months ago the provisional government
occupying the Russian monarch main
residency the Winter Palace moderately
liberal and aiming to create a new
constitution then they're frenemies the
Petrograd Soviet group
formed of workers and soldiers the two
institutions are supposed to share power
but in reality are competing for it
and that's where the Bolsheviks and
Vladimir Lenin come in it must be
explained to the masses that the Soviet
of workers deputies is the only possible
form of revolutionary government place
power in the hands of the proletariat
and the poorest strata of the peasantry
the Bolsheviks promises essentially
boiled down to this power to the Soviets
peace to nations land to peasants and
bread to the hungry
it took them just two days to come to
power on October 24th and 25th they
swiftly seized post offices key railway
stations the State Bank the port and
other strategic locations across the
city at a quarter to 10:00 p.m. a blank
shot fired from cruise Aurora signaling
the start of the storming of the Winter
Palace by 2:00 a.m. on the 26th of
October the revolutionaries occupied it
and arrested the provisional government
the new Bolshevik government was formed
with Lenin at the helm and of course
here's where you come in you can get
really stuck into all this we've got a
unique online project reconstructing the
critical moments in Russian history a
century ago follow the hashtag 1917 live
on Twitter and witness events as they
unfolded but also visit 1917 rt.com
there you can experience the revolution
in 360 degree video
you
