soldiers and commanders of the legendary
red army marched on a red square they
went to the front line to push the enemy
back away from the capital it was at
that time that we embarked on a long
pathway to victory today grateful Moscow
remembers every hero their names will be
forever in a memory on the monuments in
archive papers in the names of streets
squares in family albums and hearts of
millions of people the commander of the
1941 parade was Lieutenant General
artemyev two weeks ago a new street in
Moscow was named after him the war
generation went through terrible trials
the earth veterans you defended Moscow
so that your descendants could have
peaceful skies over their heads you went
through death for life to prevail today
we honor you with these parade your
grand sons your great grandsons will
march on Red Square today on behalf of
all the Muscovites I would like to
express our sincere gratitude to all of
you and our admiration you make us proud
you are a role model for future
generations dear veterans
I wish the best to all of you
glory to participants of the legendary
in 1941 parade glory to the defenders of
Moscow raah
the story of our great victories start
starts with church bells church bells
were used to call people to arms at the
time of invasion and also to declare
victories of Russian warriors church
bells are the voice of Moscow the voice
of our motherland new voice of history
and now will travel across different
years will see the defenders of Moscow
in different centuries
yes
those who tell
we meet never to report it your next
move we now move on to 1612 the times of
meaning and pozharsky
maybe no Xavier Navotas we now move on
to the next episode of 1812 the periodic
war the times of Borodino
ha ha ha
but we need you we now move on to the
times of the civil war in 1917 1918 the
times of the red army of workers and
peasants
Red Guards are called to defend Moscow
and the revolution
Moscow proletariat supports us we fight
for peace and freedom
Oh
next we move on to the times of World
War two the Great Patriotic War
we did the roller
yes because you need yes new generations
are in it together and the military
traditions live forever
who you
slower Telugu
yeah you'll be old but must move the
your machine
he must be not way
get your balloons why you grass me Oh
 he came along
decades go on but we will always
remember the valor of the defendants of
the Moscow Patriots who defended our
motherland throughout centuries grateful
descendants of those defendants are
proud of their ancestors we are proud of
our history a history of our country and
our city glory to your heroes Moscow
glory to your victories forever
we now start the March and the command
will be given by the hero of the Russian
Federation and the veteran of the
paratroopers of the airborne forces
kernel which is lovesick Oh
ha
the March commemorating the 76
anniversary of the 1941 parade is open
by the color guards of the national flag
of the Russian Federation and the Moscow
City flag presented by the 150 4th
preobrazhenskiy regiment of the Western
military district the standards of the
Great Patriotic War France are followed
by the cadets
of the Moscow general army academies are
the banners of units that participated
in the defense of Moscow and carried
their flags all the ways to Berlin the
cholera detachments are followed by the
owner guards of all three branches the
army the aerospace Force and the Navy
these are the deaths of the military
academy of the Defense Ministry of the
Russian Federation they're wearing 1941
uniforms and carrying Mawson rifles
these are cadets of the Moscow higher
general army and Academy carrying
diphtheria of machine guns the cadets of
this Academy entered the battle in the
1941 at volokolamsk of the 27th guards
rifle Sevastopol Brigade it joined the
battle at KeyArena
in September in 1941
using steers were part of special
reconnaissance detachments in the Battle
of Moscow these adults cadets in October
1941 35 hundreds cadets all for the
Podolski Karimi defended Moscow
September 17 1941 the Defense Committee
issued a decree on general military
training for the people of the Soviet
Union which was an important part of
preparing reserves for the army two
battalions of the reserve training for
participated in the 1941 parade we see
the defenders of Moscow carrying spigen
rifles Moscow provided 12 divisions of
militia the cavalry of lived avatar and
the 2nd cavalry Corps of puddled Olaf
fought in the Battle of Moscow this is
the cavalry group of the presidential
regiment of the federal protection
service
the March is now joined by the younger
generation of Muscovites the
grandchildren and great-grandchildren of
the defenders of Moscow will now march
on Red Square
Mark's executive a temple for the March
incensed by the regiment was a kind of
judicial of the Moscow military musical
Academy
on the red square of the capital
restoration we see the ceremonial parade
regiment of the Moscow sabores Academy
throughout the years of this Academy 10
servicemen were awarded with the hero of
the Russian Federation a Hero of the
Soviet Union on Red Square we see the
true self' Academy next year they will
be coming to Red Square as part of the
73rd anniversary of the great victory
now we see the regiment of the see the
cadets of the Russian national rescue
service Academy many people from this
Academy one actually be part of the
Russian service rescue operations now we
see the deaths of the Russian
investigators together a committee one
of the cadets is the many one of the
heroes
he is a grandson of one of the heroes of
war Devon he is this the rent
son of one hero marsh rest square in
1941 these are the Kennedys of Moscow
British Arabian is one of them when
grandson of the hero of Moscow mice all
the way to Berlin during the war we see
the mountains of the regiment one that
who owned many competitions in firearms
shooting now we see the cadets from the
institutions who are the descendants of
those who were part of the regiment's
fighting throughout the war now we see
the young Navy boys they take me of the
best traditions of the schools set up by
feet of the grave many centuries ago now
we see the cadets of the Special Forces
and special.we concerts schools and
academies they are trained to be able to
only march but also to use parachutes
many heroes and soldiers oh they
continue the best tradition said I would
try positive and others today we see the
cadets Moscow at the competition set up
to
find out the one Richmond as in terms of
security standards and rules these
cadets have been for six years competing
successfully all Russian competitions
representing Moscow now we see the
future custom services these deaths
include mitri who is a descendant of one
of the heroes who was here in 1941 on
Red Square these are the cadets of the
previous on ski regimen we decided to
devote themselves to protecting the
motherland Russia from the regiment
commander v Mitra pasture shop now we
see the cadets stage international
companies and martial arts commanding
these regiment is also the center of the
great hero of the war see the cadets
different among all Moscow cadets and
they said you ought to net many times at
the municipal and Moscow competitions
now we see the cadets madrasah academy
they to be part of the Customs Service
of Russia Federation regiment is headed
by the members of one of the descendants
of the Great forest second birth warden
we see the future Rescue Service man
Monday we see many young boys and girls
who continue the best traditions of our
servicemen or noble heroes those who had
many many competitions
physical education competitions and
competitions
you see many one at the international
competitions to use musical competitions
among them they are marching in the
ranks here we again continue the best
traditions of Second World War
also we have to did a great-grandson of
the hero marched in Red Square kannadi
Alexandrovich Kuznetsov marching
whispers we're in 1941 these are the
cadets of the six schools of Moscow into
the grandson of the Russian Soviet
national hero in and many others their
names well known to everyone as they
engraved at the Museum we see the future
firefighters here among them we see many
young boys and girls who wanna various
competitions in Moscow they too know how
to better ensure the Moscow they
continues many traditions many dynasties
one nagging me was just Nami one just
one of the troops who march all the way
to Berlin young girls who won at various
Moscow not only Moscow competition but
also Russian competitions
ideally Moscow school cadets of the most
Adam a they being avoided many times
Boise owner actually represent the
Academy at various parades commemorating
the great victory
this one red square you see United
musical artist headed by Colonel Timofey
my yakking
and Romano March being concluded by the
historical vehicles
breed that Russian vehicles and their
equipment can in do all the trials of
all these vehicles March from Moscow to
Berlin all the way through this way
putting the deeds of Russian soldiers
into the Persian history this is the
gantry of the parade
our history sees that hiroi today
November the 7th 1941 as the one day
which will always be the symbol of an
invincible spirit of the country the
turning point the starting point of our
way to the great victory we're thankful
to those part of this royal March and we
are grateful to all the veterans of the
great glory to all the defendants glory
to the generation of those were
victorious France all the citizens of
Moscow and all the guests on red square
we are of the museum of the gendry
military equipment know that you can
memorize the military parade of 1941 we
invite you made you say familiar with
the military equipment and vehicles
which in operation back then we have the
best music expert who will explain you
how to understand how to win here you
will be remembering the songs and dances
of those times you can also take
as part of that event
