pushing for new trade deals with Japan
and meeting the Japanese Emperor the key
elements of day 2 of Donald Trump's
first visit to Asia as US president at a
joint news conference with the Japanese
Prime Minister the North Korean nuclear
threat proved to be the recurring theme
it's also likely to dominate the rest of
the five nation tour but Trump's charm
offensive could prove to be an uphill
struggle as nakeeran
explains with trump's approval rating at
home in the pits his focus has turned to
problems abroad the question is were the
notoriously impulsive president be able
to make sweet with his Asian
counterparts or is he diving headfirst
into a diplomatic minefield
well things got off to a swingin start
on the first leg of his tour there are a
few contentious issues that could turn
things sour chump wasted no time in
addressing the American military but
locals aren't exactly happy about the
presence of US troops in the country
which have led to massive protests
across Japan
something else likely to come up his
Trump's decision to withdraw from the
trans-pacific partnership trade deal an
agreement that Japan had invested
considerable political capital
there will be plenty of people out on
the streets for Trump's arrival in Seoul
but rather than rolling out the welcome
mat thousands are out in protest at the
u.s. THAAD anti-missile system
well the North Korea issue is likely to
dominate talks the two leaders could hit
a wall when it comes to how to deal with
the issue
Trump has in the past accused the south
of appeasing a certain rocket man
South Korea is pushing for a diplomatic
solution to the issue while the u.s.
favors a more heavy-handed approach with
Trump even threatening to totally
destroy the north the United States has
great strength and patience but if it is
forced to defend itself or its allies we
will have no choice but to totally
destroy North Korea
with Trump's rhetoric on China swinging
back and forth as often as his golf
clubs the mood of the president's next
rendezvous with his Chinese counterpart
is a hard one to predict they take our
money they take our jobs they take our
base we can't continue to allow China to
rape our country always be conflict but
we have a very good relationship people
say we have the best relationship of any
president president we had the most
beautiful piece of chocolate cake that
you've ever seen president she was
enjoying it
Beijing is pulling out all the stops to
welcome the u.s. leader rolling out a
military guard of honor and there's a
whiff of trade deals worth billions in
the air that's likely to put a smile on
Trump's face but huge deals and
chocolate cake aside Trump's mission
will be to get China onside when it
comes to dealing with North Korea
while us Vietnamese relations blossomed
under President Obama those ties have
been strained by Trump's decision to
pull out of the TPP trade deal setting
up some potentially awkward moments for
when he comes face-to-face with TPP
members at the APEC summit
the last leg of the tour could have some
mutual ego stroking in store between
Trump and president de Ternay after all
the tirta didn't hold back when talking
about the previous leadership if you can
see one part thing about me I can give
you ten mil the thirty would ask only
five questions so will the u.s.
presidents inimitable charm work its
magic on the Filipino leader who has
recently been leaning towards closer
ties with Russia and China perhaps one
thing Trump may want to stay clear of
his any mention of human rights which
could see relations between the two
countries take a step backwards remains
to be seen where the trunk can hit
straight down the fairway on his first
tour of Asia while returning to the
leaders news conference in Tokyo where
the Japanese Prime Minister said the
time for talking with North Korea is
over that only pressure will not work
submit that cable Japan consistently
supports President Trump when he says
that all options regarding North Korea
are on the table during the last two
days that I spent with President Trump
and once again reassured that the US and
Japan are 100% together the time for
dialogue with North Korea has passed now
it's the time to apply maximum pressure
on North Korea okay let's look deeper at
what could come out of Trump's Asia trip
with Mick it's all set the founder of
the world wealth creation conference one
of South East Asia's largest wealth
conferences and is being held this month
you're very welcome to the program Mick
and let's start with money shall we Hall
was a good place to start of the five
countries that Trump is visiting we've
got Japan China South Korea Vietnam the
Philippines where does the US have its
most strategic financial interests there
if you are talking about financial
interest then it will be of course China
but first I think it's important to look
what is the main interest for this trip
so basically I think the main two goals
for visiting all these countries
first about economic things and trade
and the second thing is to solve this
issue between North Korea and United
States and if you talk about economics
and the situation between United States
and China then there are two things that
Trump would like to solve problem one is
about trade and the other is about
currency so at the moment I think there
are some things that are not very fair
for America so for example American
companies are not as free to operate in
China but Chinese companies are quite
free to do business in the United States
and the other thing is about currency
because at the moment the currency the
Chinese currency is undervalued so this
gives an competitive edge for China and
actually the powers in the world are
changing at the moment so if we look how
much China is producing at the moment
China is producing already 20 percent
more than United States but not in the
nominal value so it's in purchasing
power so if they let the currency float
then basically the nominal value of GDP
of China will be very close to the
United States so this is happening at
the moment in the world so the big issue
that and onto another thing it touched
upon North Korea of course the crisis
there how could that influence US
relations with the five countries that
Trump is going to be visiting on this
tour and I think this influenced quite
quite a lot and in a sense this is good
for China because at the moment the
United States can't be
sort of to solve the trade issues and
economic things if China because they
need help from China to solve North
Korea issue so in a sense this is this
is might be good for China even in
economic matters so that I would say and
and actually I think there are not much
that the other countries besides China
can do about North Korea only China has
the power economic power to change
something just another aspect I want to
touch upon if I may the the u.s.
withdrew from the wide-ranging
trans-pacific partnership trade deal
didn't it what do you think could emerge
in its place because it's a big hole
there right now yeah I think new deals
will be made and of course cutting
customs and tooties is good for our
countries because if these are lower
then it's much easier to trade and
everybody wins out of this so that's why
like countries who for example who are
in good relationships also with other
countries like Singapore the economy
will grow much faster than for other
countries so it's very good to have good
relations and at the same time to lower
the duty fees and customs so I think
they will make a new deal and they be
they will involve China because I think
it was a mistake not to involve China in
this did so now all the big leaders are
there discussing this and as well as for
example Vladimir Putin as well for
example from Russia so yeah it's gonna
be a big week Trump there for another
week going around Asia we can expect a
lot of news to come out of it
McDowell said founder of the world well
creation conference which is being held
this month in Singapore we appreciate
your time on your thoughts this hour
thank you thanks
