welcome to Sophie & Co I'm Sophie she
ever not say the European Union reeling
from the migrant crisis is looking
reform in the eye but can the proposed
changes end up alienating the European
heavy weights from less powerful members
Yanis castle it is the foreign minister
of Cyprus's with me today to talk about
that and more the island of Cyprus has
been hit hard by the economic sanctions
standoff between Russia and the European
Union and while the small nation is
voicing its opposition to the trade war
it cannot muster enough clout to help
bring it to a close with the island
struggling to cope with the migrant flow
from the Middle East to Europe and still
dealing with a decades-old frozen
conflict and partition can it afford to
continue going against Brussels will its
warm relations with Moscow play a role
in brokering a way out of the conflict
and can Cyprus make a real difference
for mr. castle it is it's really great
to have you on our program today welcome
thank you very much so I want to start
with a anti-russian sanctions I know
that the Parliament of Cyprus actually
voted for lifting the sanctions but you
didn't go as far as veto the Brussels
decision on the issue why I mean what
can you do to you if you actually video
listen we have never been happy with the
decision regarding sanctions we don't
believe that sections can succeed and we
hope that the circumstances in the
future will permit their lifting as soon
as possible we have agreed on these
actions and as you say we have never
used veto one of the reason being that
we wanted to demonstrate our solidarity
with a number of member states who felt
threatened much more than others
it would not have been a good image to
appear divided as European Union and you
know we cherish very much the fact that
we are members of the European Union we
are asking for solidarity on matters
that do concerns us and therefore we
show solidarity on matters that concern
the others but I believe and I am
hopeful that the this matter matures so
that hopefully this can take a positive
direction
sure so when do you think a turning
point will happen because like you've
said sanctions are actually but for all
parties involved for Cyprus economy not
only Germany Hungary has lost 200
billion dollars of billions of dollars
200,000 jobs when do you think that
turning point first of all I agree with
you that with sanctions we punish
ourselves we want to punish others but
that they faced at the same time we
punish ourselves that's why we are
feeling a sort of fatigue about applying
sanctions now I feel that it will be
shown that once all sides apply what it
has been decided in the Normandy context
process regarding the Minsk agreement
then it would be the moment that the
lifting of such a sanctions should begin
I want to talk a bit about migration
which is also a big topic regarding
Cyprus according to International
Organization for Migration the inflow of
refugees in 2017 has actually noticeably
decreased but the arrivals to Cyprus has
increased twice from 2006 since how are
you coping with it does it feel like
you're maybe taking the burden of all of
Europe right now with migration no I
don't think
it would not be correct to say that we
are taking the burden that Greece and
Italy have been taking all along we get
you're right that the numbers have
doubled the most of the boats we get are
coming from Turkey and are coming
composed of Syrian refugees mainly I
think that the refugee crisis nowadays
coming from Syria has eased up not just
for Cyprus but also for Greece and for
Europe in general one of the reasons I
think is the relative peace that has
been agreed for Syria the de-escalation
zones the fact that people do not need
to flee to save their lives I don't
accept that it's because of Turkey that
refugees have stopped going to Greece
it's because of the closure of the
Balkan route Western Balkan route that
the refugees don't don't go and lock
their to Greece but has the sorry has
the eu-turkey deal made it an easier for
you in terms of refugee entries no on
the contrary we have seen the doubling
as you have said well the eu-turkey
statement agreement whatever you can say
it it's in theory because the way that
turkey is behaving at the moment at the
in Turkey itself regarding the rule of
law democracy human rights does not
allow the European Union to proceed for
instance with the visa liberalisation
with the upgrading of the customs union
with even the opening of chapters I
think we
in this situation at the moment but also
in regards to Cyprus I'm going to
Amnesty International says those
refugees are treated pretty badly 13
with no trial some refugee families are
just split why is this happening it is
an absolute lie
and that's the first time I hear it
that's amnesty I just know you spotted
it before I did well of course they are
treated very well it is known that the
refugees in Cyprus are received
according to the standards the hotspots
work properly the refugees are not
detained they're free to circulate in
Cyprus the difference is that by being
in Cyprus which is an island they cannot
leave to go and where else they are
stuck to Cyprus and this is the only
factor that kept us from having the big
waves of refugees is in Greece or Italy
are you worried still that the refugees
will be infiltrated by terrorists and
that we are we are but I don't agree
with those who confuse terrorism with
refugees I don't agree with those who
say that we should not we should stop
being humane and treating humanely the
arrivals particularly of those who are
in need of protection and they are
seeking asylum with the issue of
terrorists because the movement of
terrorists was taking place before the
waves of the refugees and it has been
shown they were going radicalized young
people we are moving through Turkey to
Syria and then from Syria through Turkey
to Europe and if it coincided in certain
times with the refugees in
filtrated through this it may be so but
I don't these are two different things
so now you you don't fear that Cyprus is
still one of the preferred routes for
the ISIS records because it used to be
it used to be an alternative route that
is to say that when everybody started
becoming vigilant about who goes in and
out of Turkey some of them try to use
the occupied part of Cyprus to go to
Turkey through that way and go to Syria
but we have doing now XM vigilant
surveillance on this and we don't allow
this to happen
for mr. I want to talk a little bit
about brexit because it has touched upon
every single member of the European
Union especially Cyprus because British
military bases are actually on the
island
what Cyprus position regarding this base
is now that Portman is exiting European
Union well the British base is where in
Cyprus before we joined the European
Union and before you can join the
European Union so the issue is not about
the presence of the bases but about the
relationship that should be agreed
regarding the rights of exhibit citizens
that live or work inside the bases and
this is the object of a negotiation
between ourselves and the government of
the United Kingdom under the aegis of
Brussels in order to include it in the
withdrawal agreement where we are aiming
to copy exactly what was happening when
the UK is in the European Union to apply
when do you pay would be outside the
European also I realized that UK brings
a lot to the superior economy trade
tourism investment are things going to
change now that United Kingdom is
exiting European Union well I hope it
doesn't we are not there yet they are
going to
to agreements between the United Kingdom
and the European Union one is a
withdrawal agreement it has to do with
the rights of EU citizens in the UK and
British citizens in the you it has to do
with the dues of the United Kingdom to
the budget of the European Union and
about the issue of Northern Ireland and
as I have said the issue of the British
bases and Samar's then it will be the
negotiation probably after December for
the future link there there is going to
be decision is it going to be a customs
union is it going to be participation
the single market this have not yet been
clarified but it is in the interest of
Cyprus and in the interest of the United
Kingdom that the trade services
investment relations continue as they
have been for Minister we're going to
take a short break right now when we're
back we'll continue talking to separate
foreign minister Yanis casualities we'll
talk more about the implications of
brexit on Cypriot economy stay with us
and we're back with the foreign minister
of Cyprus Jana Scalise foreign minister
what if there is no deal between the
Brussels and United Kingdom because it's
tough right now it's very tough they're
fighting about it what would the
implications before Cyprus they're not
going to be good they are not going to
be good and we will lose out both
ourselves and the United Kingdom and and
for the United Kingdom they will lose
out to all 27 member states so I don't
think that it is in the interest of
neither side to contemplate this
scenario they shall have to make all the
effort necessary to reach agreement but
your country along with Spain and
Ireland has been actually allowed to
talk directly to United Kingdom just for
the basis just for the basis so you
can't really affect the whole issue
through that channel right no we are
united they 27 as I have said to you
before about this meaning of solidarity
between the Member States this applies
on this case as well
so after brexit happened which came as a
shock for the European Union members
there is a lot of talk in amongst
European leader about multi-speed Europe
which would actually mean that countries
who want to integrate tighter they have
to move faster and whoever can't or
doesn't want can't just lag behind where
do you see Cyprus in this process
now we first of all in order to agree on
this principle unanimity is needed we
are not against this concept of those
that are willing and they want to in the
air in capable of doing so to proceed in
this direction on certain policies not
on everything now we say that for as
long
the countries that take a decision about
a program that is not going to be for
everybody but but only for the willing
the terms of participation should not be
prohibitive for others to participate
either from the beginning or at any time
in the future let's say we decide about
defense
it should not be prohibitive from Cyprus
to participate in one program of Defense
because Cyprus has no Air Force I'm
giving you the example of how this so
whatever they decide
there should be no factors prohibitive
the the participation of others but when
they talk about multi-speed hero from
what I understand it's mostly about
economic integration yeah but in the
first place no because the single market
will be still there and will not be
touched
the main factor of economic integration
is that we have a single market without
customs without any any obstacles in on
the road it's not for the economic
integration is for other issues of
participation if they want for the
economic integration perhaps on issues
of finance I don't know certain from
what I understood listening to present
macro Ninh or like Chancellor Merkel is
that you is stagnating right now because
of the economic disparity between its
members because some are so developed
like France and Germany who have to drag
everyone else behind do you not think
that if this multi-speed europe takes
place then the disparity economic
disparity between the members will
actually
would be very wrong that what motivates
this system would be the economic
disparity because everybody that listens
to me now should be careful is because
of economic disparity that there is a
separatist tendency in Spain there is
one in northern Italy there is another
run in northern Belgium and so forth and
so forth so you feel if this multi-speed
thing goes into action that disparity
will grow in further the disparities
within member states not between member
states come on this cannot be done I was
talking to Austria's former Chancellor
mr. Shue Solon he actually said that
this whole proposal of multi-speed
shouldn't be taken as something that's
gonna happen today or tomorrow it's more
of a threat to wake up call to those who
are actually lagging behind what do you
think it could be but I repeat I don't
think the the term multi-speed Europe is
correct it's more on specific issues and
programs where some want to participate
son others some others don't want and I
add that it should not be prohibitive
for those that they don't want one day
to join so the latest talks on ending
the split of Cyprus between Turkish and
the great parts have collapsed one more
time and Turkey which has trips in
Northern Cyprus says that it will never
withdraw its troops do you feel like
reification can be done with Turkish
troops present no no we want to be a
normal country like any other country in
the world and we can accept a timetable
for the withdrawal of the Turkish troops
for as long as it takes
but the aim would be that one day Cyprus
should be without any foreign army
like any other state in the world
what's a Turkish Cyprus unites with
Creek Cyprus that would actually make
them also citizens of EU do you think
they would first of all there is no
Turkish Cyprus in Greek separation there
is one part that is occupied by Turkey
and one part that is free all the
citizens of Cyprus beat Greek Cypriots
and Turkish Cypriots are super citizens
therefore European citizens and at least
110,000 Turkish Cypriots out of 200000
their holders of Cypriot European
passports once again I want to turn to
Chancellor Merkel because she is pushing
to cut funding for the development of
turkeys ubeat doesn't Nicosia support
this move yes the situation now in
Turkey I'm not talking about Cyprus for
the moment I'm talking about in general
the situation in Turkey you know who
wants to join the European Union there
are the Copenhagen criteria that has to
fulfil turkey be done negotiations
without with partially fulfilling the
Copenhagen criteria now it's it fulfills
a man so the decision was not to stop
the negotiations to freeze invitations
to suspend the negotiations the decision
is that nothing can move waiting for
better days into turkey but we have also
the particular reasons a Cyprus how can
we accept the modernisation of the
customs union agreement when the first
the current customs union does not apply
to Cyprus because turkey does not
recognize Cyprus how can it we accept
visa liberalisation when we have no
relations between the justice and Home
Affairs authorities of Turkey with ours
and without the readmission agreement
applying to everybody and so forth
so with the reunification process with
still up in the air how is that going to
affect what does it mean for the Eastman
pipeline project these pipeline
merchants has this East mid pipeline
project has been agreed by four
countries Italy Greece Cyprus and either
it is going ahead it's going forward but
not doesn't matter what is say the issue
of reunification is an independent
matter the toxic of not collapse as you
have said they have been suspended I am
hopeful that they will resume
immediately after the presidential
elections in Cyprus and the elections
within the Turkish Cypriot community we
have been doing this for years and years
one day will will find the solution good
luck with everything
thanks a lot for this interview
you
