almost a years passed since the u.s.
presidential elections but scandals in
both parties continued to emerge now in
an upcoming book a former Democratic
National Committee Chair Donna Brazile
has revealed problems inside the party
during the candidate selection process
she alleges that Hillary Clinton took
control of the Democratic campaign
months before her nomination and
Exploited the Democrats poor finances to
get to the top our brazil's faced a
backlash over her claims here's what she
had to say to her critics those who are
telling me to shut up they told Hillary
that a couple of months ago you know
what I tell him go to hell why am I
supposed to be the only person he's
unable to tell my story and her former
team have responded with an open letter
it's signed by more than a hundred
members who claims she was under the
influence of what they say was Russian
propaganda they also said that they
don't recognize Brazil's portrayal of
the campaign several key Democratic
figures say they're outraged but not
surprised by the claims against Clinton
in the race to be the party's
presidential candidate including the
campaign team of veteran politician
Bernie Sanders of course missed out on
the nomination wrap it all this up from
Washington now sameera calm Trump has
been saying it and Bernie supporters
have been suspecting it the DNC
interfered in the process the debate
schedule was rigged joint fundraising
agreements were improper and now it's
almost certain the Democratic Party's
2016 presidential nominee was fixed from
the get-go so says Donna Brazile former
DNC interim chair and longtime
clintonites in her new book Raziel
described how Clinton had the whole
party in her pocket before she
officially became its nominee she even
described an agreement made between the
Clinton campaign the DNC and Clinton's
joint fundraising committee now the
arrangement was apparently made to clear
the DNC's debt after obama's reelection
campaign set them back about 24 million
dollars to put it simply the DNC needed
money and Clinton was ready to pay and
the deal paid off but the party became
entirely dependent on Clinton who
practically kept the DNC on financial
life-support Brazil says the deal
allowed her campaign special permissions
including the final say on party
decisions in exchange for raising money
and investing in the DNC Hillary would
control the party's finances strategy
and all the money raised
quite the stunning revelation by the
former party chair and she's not alone
senator Elizabeth Warren who even
endorsed Hillary Clinton and according
to some rumors was even bedded to be her
running mate is now also throwing her
former ally over the bus do you agree
with the notion that it was rigged yes
but at a time when the DNC is trying to
rebuild and disassociate themselves from
the 2016 fiasco this is all quite the
embarrassment America already knows that
the Democratic Party is faithful
representative of the rich that it's
been rigged it was rigged against Bernie
Sanders in favor of Hillary Clinton and
that the entire American political
system is rigged in favor of the one
percent of the super elites both parties
represent the rich and are in the pocket
of the rich Clinton actually received
twice as much corporate funding then
Trump did Clinton received way more
money from the pharmaceutical industry
and from hedge funds so again we see the
contradictions of this American
democracy quote unquote
