like massive car bombs killed over a
hundred people in a refugee camp near
the Syrian city of Diaz or artis roughly
video agencies managed to film exclusive
footage of the aftermath what a mess
there in which you can see dozens of
vehicles were destroyed in the explosion
it was a suicide blast it happened in
what is an oil-rich area which is
considered to be largely under the
control of us back rebels from the
Syrian democratic forces across the city
of Deir Ezzor had been under terrorist
siege for three years it was only broken
by government troops in September and on
Friday there's big news about it too the
Syrian army claimed then a complete
victory over Islamic state in that city
but of course Ferdie resort former
residents they've got this mess to face
the seemingly impossible task of
rebuilding that shattered city reminders
of the seizure everywhere government
troops say they've discovered now
massive ISIL weapon stockpiles RT spoke
to several top syrian offices about the
liberation now as we thousand Gannett
has sung here
Dara's all was Islamic states main
stronghold after the city was recaptured
we found a huge stash of weapons made in
European countries most residential
areas of deir ez-zor
are now in ruins the Syrian army is able
to continue its advance and destroy ISIL
with future presence of civilians the
mission has been put on hold until the
militants surrender
