elsewhere this morning Madrid's
crackdown on a former leadership of
Catalonia is Deeping the political
crisis in Spain in both Barcelona and
Madrid thousands rallied to decry the
government's handling of the region's
declaration of independence on Sunday
the ousted catalan leave their colors
Prijedor mom and four of his ministers
handed themselves over to police and
Belgium's the latest think telly but
after that international warrant for
arrest was issued they've now been
conditionally released until judges
decide whether or not to hand them over
to Spain journalist Martin Roberts has
more on the ongoing crisis well this
latest round of hectic events in the
catalan crisis began on Monday morning
when Spain's Attorney General pressed
for charges to be brought against puch
Demong and 13 of his former colleague
cabinet colleagues for rebellion
sedition and embezzlement all of that
arising from the Catalan Parliament's
noonah lateral declaration of
independence these are very serious
charges indeed because they have not
been used since 1981 when Spain had a an
attempted military coup and if found
guilty they could all face up to 30
years in jail now it's about that time
pushed him on and several of his
colleagues fled the country on a Monday
night they showed up in Belgium on
Tuesday morning a Spanish judge ordered
them all to appear in court 48 hours
later and in the meanwhile pushed him
and said that he was going to stay in
Belgium on Thursday morning eight of his
former colleagues showed up in court and
yet after several hours of hearings
because of the seriousness of the
charges they were all taken off to jail
now that immediately sparked mass
protests on the streets of Barcelona and
indeed they've been going on more or
less ever since because people see this
as being
well they see this as being a serious
crackdown and this just shows how the
crisis is deepened and how divided
Catalan society is let's remind
ourselves the former Catalan leader and
his allies face charges of sedition
rebellion and embezzlement they've been
ordered to remain in Belgium where the
other moment well their case is
considered now if the authorities do
start the extradition process which Don
it's likely to file an appeal
you could also seek asylum Spanish
lawyer Maria via told us there are
several possible grounds for the
extradition request here to be refused
the decision of whether they have to
execute the final Warren or not I mean
after this process that they said it
would take two or three months has to do
with the fact that this crime exists or
not in Belgium there are a lot of
reasons to reject this order because you
need to have a violent act or a violin
in sedation that didn't happen and I
think that is very clear to everybody
and not only these but the need that the
Belgian judges need to be sure that if
they are accelerated to Spain they will
have a fair trial that for now we don't
have any input to think that that would
happen
inspired by what's happening in
Catalonia people in the neighboring
Basque region now we're moving to hold
their own non-binding ballot for the
right to decide our independence one
organizer told us they'll learn from the
Catalan example on how efforts must be
coordinated better we think that if we
can learn something from Catalonia there
are two lessons the first is that the
will of the people has no limits and
also that this work must be done
collectively we would like to invite
everyone to participate and give their
opinion freely because in the end
citizenship and democracy are based on
public opinion and will
