and then the driver got out and waved it
up my daughter and meanwhile she had
seen like a biker here that what had
been killed and they ushered them back
in the school and they were unlock down
there for two and a half hours
we are all Argentine right I mean
there's some there's so much to be
grateful for the that that more lives
weren't lost
I I don't my daughter posted on social
media this is not about the Muslim
people this is about a crazy person and
the guy in Las Vegas you know shouldn't
have assault weapons if the if the gun
laws weren't what they are then this man
would have shot my daughter so you learn
things like that
we're vulnerable it doesn't matter where
you live if you live in New York if you
live in in any big city or small town
you know terrorism is everywhere and so
you just don't know
I was at the Boston Marathon and I felt
very safe there they had a lot of
security and so I mean I'm just praying
that all goes well I mean I pray it's
not just a sane I'm praying but I
actually believe in God and the power of
God and so that you know it will be
protected and that people will have a
fabulous time there at the marathon yeah
life does go on
