what makes crowds in the middle of a
bustling New York Street stop stare and
listen two of the most talked-about
fighters in MMA the hottest property in
the lightweight division if not the
world of UFC two champions facing off
against one another and this is just
their pre-fight press conference suited
and booted as always Conor McGregor
former UFC featherweight and lightweight
champion number two on the UFC's
pound-for-pound rankings and undisputed
number one for trash talk and
controversy in the other corner the man
who sent shockwaves through UFC khabib
nurmagomedov twice world Sambo champion
and undefeated in 26 fights the reigning
and first Russian and first Muslim
lightweight champion is out to make
history and put McGregor in his place
even though the big night is still some
weeks away the sparks are already flying
putting on a show for the eager press
trying to get in their opponents head
and personal space
the fighters pressured each other Conor
loud and brash and usual style Habib
trying to keep his cool saving his anger
for the ring the fighters have history
their feud goes back a long way and for
both this one is personal beginning all
their heat up or did you like chicken
what do you think about this guy he
talked about the greatest but all the
time when somebody take him down he
tapped
I'm here send a message like Location
Location i'm gonna come whatever you
want doesn't matter Iowa New York little
Moscow doesn't matter
the last clash led to broken bus windows
a police investigation even a lawsuit
from aggregor that viral video making
sports headlines around the whole world
little wonder then that UFC fans and
even those totally new to MMA are glued
to their screens when it comes to the
kana Habib fight now will it be
McGregor's unrivaled striking skills
that get your votes or little mugger
made ups deadly takedowns and grappling
whoever you get behind October the 6th
is sure to be while a hell of a night
you
