lawmakers in the US have upped the ante
of allegations against Russia
apart from perceived election meddling
they say Moscow sought to sow chaos and
division among Americans the claim is
based on Facebook ads bought by accounts
that are alleged to have links to Russia
a selection of them have been released
by Congress but as Caleb Maupin reports
there seems to be enough division in the
US without once again bringing Russia
into the mix as we've learned of late
all of America's woes are because of
Russia including racial tension no
really if you look at sort of your
organic postings an example of that is
black - this also turns out to be a fake
Facebook page done by one of those
Russian trolls tro farms and that is
trying to incite racial animosity
because americans just don't know how to
incite racial hatred on their own yet
Ralph Northam voted in favor of
sanctuary cities that let dangerous
illegal immigrants back on the street
increasing the threat of ms-13 Ralph
Northam policies are dangerous and
here's the response from the Latino Fund
a Democratic Party NGO they're not
Russian either
is this what Donald Trump and Ed
Gillespie mean by the American dream
no not stirring things up in Virginia
let's try New Jersey my bias is gonna be
heaven they're back make no mistake
Murphy will have the backs of deranged
murderers like Carranza providing
sanctuary in New Jersey will be a
sanctuary not just City but state Murphy
doesn't have our backs
he has theirs Phil Murphy too dangerous
for New Jersey
okay so no American politicians trying
to stir up racial divisions here let's
look at the top the president when
Mexico sends its people they're bringing
drugs they're bringing crime they're
rapists and some I assume are good
people and that was Donald Trump the
president talking about Mexicans this is
how Hillary Clinton's team viewed his
supporters the reef and a lot of Klan
members like Donald Trump he's because a
lot of what he believes we believe in
Donald Trump would be best for the job
for president yeah I am a farmer and
white nationalist support Donald Trump
sending out all the illegals building a
wall at a moratorium on Islamic
immigration that's very appealing to a
lot of ordinary white people running
against Donald Trump at this point is
really treason to your heritage yes
nothing eases over racial tension in the
United States better than images of
people wearing white sheets and burning
crosses perhaps the mainstream media is
getting a paycheck from the Kremlin
in Slate they have a piece I'm calm
Santa Claus should not be a white man
anymore
boohoo you white people are angry
because you couldn't use your white
privilege card black lives matters and
I'm ashamed that you as an
african-american Paris will not say that
that card I am well aware of my
blackness and don't need you to try to
classify me as being one I think that
Russian trolls can't stir up racial
tension allegedly trusted media outlets
in the United States have been saying
such horrible false rhetoric about
racial tension in the u.s. so I don't
know why they're wasting so much time
talking about Russian trolls instead of
talking about CNN MSNBC and Fox yes
racial tension has plagued the United
States since its inception and
aggravating is just part of the
political game but like anything bad
these days
let's just say that Russia did it Kalib
Maupin RT New York
