Oh welcome to Sophie uncle I'm Sophie
Shevardnadze white supremacist movements
are back in the headlines in the US and
my guest today knows all about it if you
found it a hate group that grew into one
of the biggest skinhead crews in the US
before renouncing the movement and are
working to counter its message of hate
how'd it contain the appeal of right
wing extreme well I asked our know
mikelis former skinhead author of my
life after hate the political extremism
the rise of the US with far-right groups
growing in number emboldened by the
firing campaign rhetoric of President
Donald Trump provoking an uncompromising
reaction from the left with clashes
between the two sides becoming ever more
violent as radicalism threatening to
split America into can the message of
hate groups be effectively countered or
should it just be banned for good Arno
Michaelis welcome to the show great to
have you with us I know the recent white
lives matter rally in Tennessee created
a lot of hype police were on alert
people brace for brawls bloodshed like
the one in Chowchilla back in August but
why power protests were actually
outnumbered by counter protesters and
bystanders are white supremacists going
out of fashion or is it just a calm
before the storm I think any type of
white supremacist rally that happens in
the States the the white supremists are
gonna be outnumbered they're ready for
that and it actually helps to fuel their
victimhood narrative that there's
they're they're facing these extreme
odds to to fight for their people so it
that whether they're outnumbered or not
the attention they get is really what
they're after well at the same time the
number of hate groups have been on the
rise in the US for two years with over
900 in total acting now in your country
that's according to the Southern Poverty
Law Center another research suggests
hate crimes rose up to 20% in 2016
is happening how to explain the trend I
think because of the current political
climate where it's not only acceptable
but being put into policy that
immigrants are a threat that Muslim
people are a threat it gives a carte
blanche to disgruntled white people in
the United States to act out on those
same sentiments which often results in
actual violence and certainly fuels the
rising membership of hate groups in the
United States well during the rallies
and shouts Ville back in August white
supremacists we're eagerly you know
talking up their support for Trump does
he make them feel emboldened is
disrelated
yeah absolutely since before the
campaign white supremacist groups the
United States have been huge supporters
of Trump they feel they have an ally in
the White House the his anti-immigrant
anti-muslim rhetoric at times anti-gay
rhetoric is really the same talking
points at groups like the Ku Klux Klan
and the National Socialist Movement have
been using for years so as much as he
may say otherwise the the policies that
he enacts which include atrocious things
like deporting ten-year-old girls in the
hospital who are there for surgery back
to Mexico that that's the kind of stuff
that white supremists like to see and
and I think that they really believe
they have an ally in the White House
mm-hmm so do you think Trump has a thing
for those kind of groups I mean he
refused to specifically shame the white
supremacists toward the violence in
charlottesville where an anti-racist
protester was killed media took that as
Trump supporting the far-right do you
see that way as well or is it a little
far-fetched to say that well judging
from president Trump's actions he's very
quick to condemn football players for
peacefully protesting and he calls them
sons of bitches and says they should be
fired like within hours of the
protesting but when neo Nazis and Ku
Klux Klan members are marching under
swastikas in an American city and
somebody gets killed it takes him days
to respond to that I think that speaks
volumes for how he feels about these
situations I don't want to put words in
his mouth but I'm just going by what he
says and does well he doesn't really say
much but like his actions the way he
didn't say anything or shame the white
supremacist that that day does do you
feel like he's he has an inner
affiliation with those people like he
feels the same way they do
or maybe the he counts on their support
who knows right I honestly I feel that
President Trump has some severe
psychological issues that that have not
been dealt with his actions are those of
somebody who has a very drastic
insecurity complex he seems to just be
looking for whatever phrase he can get
and he doesn't care where that phrase
comes from so I I think he's well aware
that white supremacists are fans of his
and and I do believe that he doesn't
want to lose their support and and that
it could be a reason why it takes him so
long to condemn neo-nazi groups whereas
he has no problem condemning football
players of color who want to make a
statement well in all fairness right
after charlottesville he did sign a
resolution condemning hate groups that
espouse racism extremism xenophobia
anti-semitism white supremacy so you
feel like he maybe has one thing on a
paper and another in his head uh it's
hard it's hard to say where he's at
because he's been very erratic
throughout this the the early days of
his presidency and he's been all over
the place is his cabinet is as
complained numerous times about his
tweeting the people around him wish they
could get more of a handle on him and
he refuses to do that so it's yeah he's
all over the place and and I know that
he is publicly condemned to hate groups
and and that's fine but when you condemn
hate groups and then you enact
legislation that
Deportes families just because they're
the wrong skin color or they came from
Mexico I don't think he's really busy
deporting people who came from the
Eastern Europe or people who came from
Canada it seems that all of his actions
are focused on people with darker skin
so when all that happened in
charlottesville Trump blamed both the
right on the left for clashes he also
felt some animosity towards yourself
from the left right our anti thigh and
other similar movements becoming a part
of the radicalization problem I
that's one issue where I do see
president Trump's point and I have also
been very frank about my condemnation of
the far left and the Anti Fog groups I
do believe that they are a part of this
problem I think the fact that the unite
the right rally could count on a brawl
from the anti foe really helped swallow
their membership I recall it my days as
a white supremacist we would drive six
hours sometimes to go and fight an tyfa
so the violent resistance that Anti Fog
presents to neo-nazis does nothing but
serve their purpose and it also drives
people from the political center further
right I think Charlottesville was
instigated by the far-right that needs
to be front and center that needs to be
acknowledged but the far left certainly
played their part in that melee and
unfortunately they they'll continue to
do that
so the far-right and white supremacist
groups claim that they are a reaction to
movements like black lives matter to the
new loud and somewhat radicals civil
rights groups do they have a point to
stand against them yeah I think the the
more radical that leftist groups become
and the more they emerge themselves in
identity politics
the easier it is for the far-right to
recruit there's been leaders of the all
right who make no bones about the fact
that they do identity politics for white
people and in our universities in the
United States and in Europe basically if
you're a white kid
you can either confess your privilege
and condemn your whiteness and and count
out what you have to do to be an ally to
people of color and anyone else who's
oppressed or you go off to the alright
there's really no middle ground for
anyone to exist it anymore and I believe
that that is largely because of the
militancy of these self-proclaimed
radicals on the left so what they're
doing does serve the purpose of the
far-right and vice versa
every time the far-right rears their
heads the left goes all see that's why
we need to do what we do and we're gonna
double down on it and and it becomes a
cycle and they both kind of feed each
other while most people in society who
just want to live their lives are kind
of caught in the middle you know I also
heard that several universities in the
US have been offering housing gang
creating learning communities for black
students only like California State and
the University of Connecticut they've
explained this down to to the need to
actually create saving Rabin's for
students of color what is that supposed
to mean is just to come back off
segregation I am NOT a fan of that
approach I understand the reasoning
behind it but to me it really it takes
agency away from black students it's
it's saying that you don't have the
ability to exist in this science society
and have a voice in the society and
determine your own future so here we're
gonna create this little safe space for
you where you're not gonna be subject to
white supremacy and it's done under this
guise of compassion but what it really
boils down to is separatism and it
doesn't serve the students of color that
they're working with
it certainly doesn't help to mend any of
the the wounds in our society that we're
definitely still reeling from after 500
years of white supremacy I truly believe
and I've seen this in person many many
times over the past eight years as I've
been working in peace building efforts
is that people have every capability to
come and connect and recognize each
other outside of the construct of race
outside of other social constructs and
and have the ability to define their
relationships about how they see other
people when we retreat and say oh I
can't be safe and less up around people
who think like me look like me act like
me you're you're essentially going back
to the same mindset that the neo-nazis
have and you're just setting up a
different camp and I don't think that's
ever a healthy thing for human beings
and I don't think it's gonna help
anybody on these colleges right now
we're gonna take a short break right now
when we're back we'll continue
discussing what's behind white
supremacist and movements in America
with former skinhead Arno Michaelis stay
with us
and we're back with former skiing had an
author of my life after hate Arthur
McHale is discussing white supremacist a
movement and how people get attracted to
this ideology welcome back our new now
there is a poll conducted by the
Military Times which says that one in
four serving US military personnel have
seen white supremacism within their
ranks and consider it more dangerous
than Islamic state is there a neo-nazi
epidemic in the army to my knowledge I
I believe it's certainly something that
the military needs to pay more attention
to in Milwaukee I worked with a
gentleman named party Kalika party
father was murdered by a white power
skinhead who is part of the gang that I
had helped to start along with five
other people on August 5th 2012 the
murderer whose name was Wade Paige was
radicalized in the United States Army so
he went into the army a non-affiliated
average white guy and he came out an
affiliated white supremacist and that
led to his practice of hate and violence
for over 10 years that ultimately ended
in a mass murder hate crime so I think
the military needs to be accountable for
that in many ways I work with a ton of
brilliant military people who point out
all the time that the United States
military is one of the most
multicultural organizations on earth and
and I believe that's true but I think
that there's still space within the
military for white supremacist ideology
and and organizations to gain purchase
and that that is certainly a huge
concern that needs to be addressed so I
was going through another survey by
National Public Radio and did you ever
know that fifty five percent of white
people in America think that White's
face racial prejudice I mean you have
lost your temper with people of
different skin color but have you ever
felt racial prejudice yourself towards
you I think what we're seeing in the
United States with like the survey
you cited is that as demographics change
as the world changes change is an
inevitable thing obviously people are
going to harken back to a time when
white people had like blatant power and
that those days are past and they're
never gonna return white people will be
a minority in the United States within a
few decades and we've been a minority on
the face of the earth for many many
years and that's that trend is going to
continue to have further fewer and fewer
white people the question is is if we
can heal from the wounds of white
supremacy and come together as a human
species during that process I believe we
can all the work I'm doing is toward
that end but in order for for everybody
to get on board everyone concern
including people on the left especially
people who consider themselves social
justice advocates and who want to build
peace in our society need to drop this
idea of identity politics and stop
seeing our differences as something that
overrides our commonalities now you're
someone who knows everything about hate
movements you ran a hate group yourself
for a while how do you recruit people
where your methods different from the
methods they use today the messaging is
exactly the same and it's all fear-based
in my day when we were recruiting
someone and my day was pre-internet so
it was a lot of in person contact sand
and we would actually write each other
on pen and paper and send it through the
post but the conversations that are
happening today are the same ones that
happened in my day and they're
essentially when I would meet a white
guy I would first of all I I kind of I
probe and see where he was at and if he
had children that then I'd kind of dial
in on those children especially if he
had daughters and I would say oh you
have a daughter what's gonna happen to
your daughter when all these blacks and
and
Mexicans are all running amok in our
society once they're gonna come and get
her and and I would try to cultivate
fear like the primal fear that a parent
has when their child is in danger and if
I could just get a whiff of that I would
zoom in on it and just keep dialing and
keep hitting that until I started
pressing the right buttons and this guy
started thinking I need to listen to
this guy I need to join this group and
that's exactly what happens nowadays an
interesting leaves his exact same
recruitment process for the far left for
the so-called Islamic state like all
violent extremist groups will find that
fear point and then try leading you
around leading you by the nose via that
fear now back in those days you fronted
it white supremacists metal outfit does
music play a big role in recruitment and
bring a lot of new people into the
movement or is the white pride Singh
just preaching to the choir the white
power music is absolutely essential it's
it's essentially a means of practicing
that ideology wherever you are I was
brought into the white power skinhead
subculture via a white power skinhead
band when I was already in like punk and
hardcore and stuff and then I heard a
band that had that same kind of music
but their message was all the themes of
the Third Reich talking about blood and
soil and race and nation and it was very
romantic and seductive and it made me
feel powerful it made me feel like a
rebel it made me feel like I'm fighting
for this amazing cause and so it drew me
in and that's its first function is to
attract you to that ideology and once
you start buying into the ideology you
you listen to this music on a daily
basis whether you know it's headphones
you got a plane in the car you it's just
like if you if I were to have a cassette
that learn how to speak Russian and I
fell asleep every night with it you know
listening to this cassette about
teaching me how to speak Russian it
would eventually like dial the Russian
language into my brain and it would make
me make it easier for me to learn that
language if I'm listening to a cassette
every day that tells me white people are
different than everybody else so peer
everybody else and threatened by
everybody else that becomes my reality
because I become familiar with that
ideology which means I'm not familiar
with the truth that diversity is a
beautiful thing in that human beings are
basically good and our experience is a
basically good thing the the practice of
that music drives me away from the
positive truths of lives of life and
towards all these negative lives like
you mentioned in 2012 member of the
group you found it killed six people in
safe temple in Wisconsin by that time
you're completely on the opposite side
you're no longer in the movement what
did it feel like - you did you feel
responsible for what happened I felt
very responsible I will never forget the
day that that happened I was working as
an IT consultant and doing some like
server maintenance stuff and I saw my
social media feed just blowing up and
I'm kind of watching along as new things
are coming and is it multiple shooters
is it still going on how many people
were killed and before it was announced
that the shooter was an affiliated white
supremacist I had a sense that it was
and that evening they did verify that
but they didn't announce his name
publicly so I said and wondered was this
someone that I had recruited was this
someone that I knew personally did I
have a direct hand in bringing this
person to the ideology that led to this
horrific mass murder and I found out the
next day that it was someone I didn't
know personally but he was very much
exactly who I used to be he was part of
the same gang that I had helped the
start he was in white power bands I
would be stunned if he wasn't a fan of
my band and and so I felt then as I do
now that I helped create the environment
that he came from and that absolutely
drives a very dire urgency for me to try
to make a positive impact in society and
to make our communities places
are less susceptible to that kind of
hate yeah when I'm looking at white
supremacy movement today I can see that
it's rebranding itself it was all about
the white KKK hoods or shaven house
before but now I mean these people they
take pride in looking very presentable
clean almost hipster like with
mainstream appeal as someone from inside
the club do you feel like it's only the
image and the packaging that has
involved or the ideas - oh yeah I don't
think the ideology has evolved any and
it's an ideology that's based on hate
and violence and lies and fear it's it's
got nowhere to evolve - it'll never be
anything more than that it'll never be
anything less than that so the ideology
is the exact same nowadays that these
guys are wearing like their docksiders
and their polo shirts and their Dockers
they look kind of ridiculous but I
understand the the outward image has
changed but the you're right it's
packaging it's the the product inside is
the same it's just as weak it's just as
wrong and it's just as harmful not only
to society at large but to the person
who's practicing the ideology as well
well I feel like those are the methods
to fight this ideology are pretty
questionable because every horrific
massacre in the United States by a white
supremacist and we see Confederate flags
being taken down right and monuments to
Confederate soldiers being removed as
symbols of slavery but if a flag or a
statue is removed does that really make
some would-be terrorists hate people
less I believe that we need to look at
these statues and look at the context in
which they were erected and in
charlottesville for sure
the the statue in question was put up in
the 1920s as part of Jim Crow basically
as a message through black people to say
hey don't step on a line because this is
what you know where we are in Virginia
and and you're not gonna you're not
going to cause trouble you're not gonna
drop the bone as far as their status quo
is concerned and so statues like that
that were erected with a direct message
of white supremacy and of intimidation
of people of color should absolutely
come down I I believe they should be
taken down and put into a museum
where people can look upon our past and
and remember those days when when that
was a government policy but I certainly
don't think that this this excuse of
heritage and is a valid excuse to punish
the rest of society with such heinous
ideas you know their parts in Europe
where you can actually go to prison for
a Nazi salute or having a swastika
tattoo but in the mark of things like
that are actually protected by the First
Amendment do you think it would help
matters if America banned those things
outlawed those things I do not I am NOT
a proponent of hate speech bands or the
bands of hate organizations and the
reason why is because I cherish our
First Amendment here in the United
States I cherish our Constitution and I
believe the purpose of the First
Amendment is is in many ways it's a
pressure valve and and it's if people
can speak their minds and they have the
freedom to do so and the government
isn't stopping them from do that it it
will deflect them from act actually
acting out in violence a great example
of this right now is in Scandinavia I do
a lot of work in Denmark as well as
Norway and I've been to Sweden once but
Sweden has a far greater problem with
white supremists hate groups than
Denmark does in Denmark the the
far-right white supremacy Ang's are
virtually non-existent there they're not
a threat in Sweden there are roving
gangs of white power skinheads who
attack refugees burn down refugee
hostels and the big difference is is in
Denmark freedom of speech is a priority
just like it is the United States in
Sweden that they have a further left
attitude and hate speech is illegal
and and he groups are illegal so they
they've outlawed these things but these
laws have done nothing to stop the
groups as a matter of fact they have
inflamed the groups and I think that
would certainly happen here should our
government defy the Constitution and
make such a law so I I'm always a
proponent of free speech and I think
anybody who is needs to exercise their
free speech to speak out against hate
and violence when it happens in our
society and be mindful to do it in a
positive way prove why the fears of the
neo-nazi ideology are wrong by doing
great things in a multicultural diverse
setting raising money for a good cause
coming together to serve people who need
it that that's sends the most powerful
message Erna thank you very much for
giving us this unique insight we're
talking to Arno Michaelis former
skinhead now author of my life after
hate discussing white supremacism in
America that's it for this edition of
Sophie and Coe I'll see you next time
