the German authorities say they cannot
account for over 30,000 failed asylum
seekers whom they told to leave the
country well straight to Berlin now and
Peter Oliver for more on this well hi
there Peter so how did this happen well
we found this information out following
an interview that was given by a
spokesperson from the Federal Ministry
of the Interior he said but it's back in
December 2016
there were 54,000 people that had
applied for asylum and being turned down
and they were told that they had to
leave the country now as of now out of
those 54,000 only around 23,000 are
confirmed to have either left Germany or
the authorities know where they are
in the process of them leaving Germany
that leaves around 30,000 that they have
absolutely no idea where they are well
the interior ministry spokesperson
confirmed that these people are missing
in the system it cannot be determined in
individual cases whether those who were
supposed to leave the country have done
so or have dropped off the radar without
informing the authorities so why has
this happened well if you look deeper
into the whole system surrounding asylum
and the refugee system here it
highlights some big problems if we look
at just how many cases are being
processed they were processing 50,000
cases a month that's now dropped off to
18,000 per month
52,000 old cases still haven't even been
opened some of these go back to 2015
also when it comes to staff as well
major job cuts have seen the amount of
people working on processing these
claims dropped from 10,000 to just under
8,000 but of those 7800 most of them
were there on temporary contracts and
there's also huge demand for the courts
as well for those that want to take
their asylum application to the courts
if we look back in the summer of 2016
there were 69 thousand
pending cases
fast forward to summer 2017 and we're
looking at 320,000 cases still waiting
to go to court essentially what we have
is a case of a system that's
understaffed and over stretched and that
means you get errors like this which
mean around twenty thirty thousand
people are missing for those that have
applied for asylum and being turned down
amazing figures there are T's Peter
Oliver in Berlin thank you
