former DNC chairwoman Donna Brazile has
alleged in her new book that Hillary
Clinton took control of the Democratic
campaign months prior to her nomination
Brazil claims that Clinton exploited the
Democrats poor finances to achieve that
and let's go live now to Washington DC's
Americans across this story for us
surprising stuff this Sameera yes well
former DNC chair Donna Brazile has
revealed that she thinks the DNC rigged
its primaries against senator Bernie
Sanders now in an article titled inside
Hillary Clinton's secret takeover of the
DNC Brazil mentioned a deal that was
made between the Clinton campaign the
DNC and Clinton's joint fundraising
committee now the arrangement was
apparently made to get the party out of
debt out of after Obama's re-election
campaign as set them back millions but
to put it very simply simply the DNC
needed money and Clinton was ready to
pay but and the deal paid off but the
party became dependent on Clinton as
Hillary's campaign gains momentum she
resolved the party's dad and put it on a
starvation diet it had become dependent
on her campaign for survival but we
should expected to wield control of its
operations
now Brazil also stated in the article
that the deal allowed the campaign
special permissions including the final
say on any of the DNC's decisions which
also included hiring staffing analytics
and budget but let's take a look at what
she had to say in exchange for raising
money and investing in the DNC Hilary
would control the party's finances
strategy and all the money raised her
campaign had the right of refusal of who
would be the party communications
director and it would make final
decisions on all other stuff the DNC
also was required to consult with the
campaign about all other staffing
budgeting data analytics and mailings
now Donna Brazile also says that she has
proof that the DNC primaries were rigged
against senator Sanders but during the
campaign WikiLeaks showed that Brazil
when she was with CNN leaked debate
questions to Clinton beforehand and this
is the revelation that forced her to
resign from the network but this is all
very interesting considering there's
been a back-and-forth blame game going
on between DNC elites so it's still
unclear who exactly was at fault and if
the DNC is right now just trying to save
face let me thanks americano in
Washington bring us right up-to-date
let's stay with this story now and I can
speak to writer and political analyst
Daniel Welch joins me on the line could
speak to you Daniel I couldn't I could
almost see it now phone in hand it's
it's gonna be Donald Trump crooked
Hillary Clinton get in now I'm sure
we'll see the tweet there is a very
serious element to this story if these
allegations turned out to be true isn't
there isn't this usurping of democracy
will there be an investigation
they've always been true this has been
known since before the April primaries
john abruzzi there are two things donna
brazile this is a self-serving self
exculpatory Valentine she was vice chair
of this party it was known in April of
that she that
this arrangement where where Clinton
seized control of all of the state
putties parties and funneled the money
back into her campaign this that what
this is the story not Russia gate this
is the story of the 2016 elections now
the problem is that she's just trying to
sell a book so what she's saying will be
discounted but everybody has known this
for a long time this is not news to
anyone who wanted to pay attention donna
Brazile claims that there was a general
lack of enthusiasm for anybody apart
from Clinton do you think that you know
Bernie Sanders really did have a chance
sure I mean you know Trump's pollster
said that he would have won brazil
claims in retrospect although she didn't
say it at the time and i don't frankly
don't believe her like i said she tried
to save her career and sell books the
thing was she never said in this article
that it was rigged against sanders she
specifically said she found no proof of
that directly but everything else it was
it was imagining that she was the
coronation queen it was rigged against
anyone who would choose to run she owned
the party before the democrat process
took place it's a fraud and a farce and
so any attempt to you know pin this on
russia is is absolutely ridiculous and
the DNC is at fault for just running a
terrible campaign choosing a terrible
candidate and saddling the rest of the
world with Donald Trump that's what
needs to be said it's their fault that
Donald Trump is sitting in the White
House today no one else's and certainly
not the Russians
why wouldn't Don the Brazil add this
information as soon as she had it surely
the public would have hailed her as
being a bastion of truth shining light
on to some shady activity why wait so
long you know she is a lot lifelong
political hack she has always been out
for her own she's complicit she was the
one who handed debate questions to the
Clinton campaign behind the back of the
Sanders campaign secretly that's why she
got fired from CNN
she does it right now because her book
is out November
vii sorry to sound cynical Neal but that
is that is her agenda that is that is
her timeline she exactly she could have
done it then and it would have been a
bombshell now it's just a tired old lady
trying to sell a book it's a fascinating
twist to the political saga so long
after the election we're still talking
about it really interesting to see what
comes next and your welch appreciate
your time writer and political analyst
is my guest
