a two-year state of emergency finally
came to an end in France on Wednesday
but in its wake
comes a sweeping new anti-terror law
president macro is convinced the new
measures will protect citizens from
terror but not everyone agrees no force
on our security and the law reinforcing
interior security and the fight against
terrorism is in no way an attempt to
make the state of emergency permanent as
some have said but it provides the
strictly defined framed measures that
are overseen by judges and unnecessary
for the protection of our citizens and
allow us to be efficient in the fight
against terrorism and to end the
exceptional procedure we launched two
years ago they were already plenty of
counter-terror measures before this law
I'm not against it but none of the
measures so far managed to stop the
terrorists it's definitely good thing
although there is always danger that
these powers can be abused they'll take
advantage and target someone for no
reason you can't put a police officer
behind every single person these laws I
allow in the police and the intelligence
services to become extremely invasive
well during France's two years state of
emergency the country suffered numerous
attacks the most deadly happened in July
2016 when a truck plat into crowds he
nice killing 86 people well later that
month a priest was fatally stabbed in
Normandy and earlier this year just a
day before the presidential election a
policeman was killed and two people
injured in Paris while last month two
women were stabbed to death at
Marseilles
main railway station well let's look at
the anti-terror measures under the new
law it gives police the permanent power
to search homes conduct identity checks
and wiretap phones without court
approval while authorities can also
detain any suspicious people but the
measures have provoked controversy the
majority see their liberty restricting
measures that are introduced in the name
of the fight against terrorism will lead
to a regression towards a political
state that controls the population and
its freedoms readability C there is
probably some
wrong with the people who claim that
this law restricts liberties French
citizens live normally under the state
of emergency they were not questioned by
the police or by judges only some were
detained interrogators are arrested and
for good reason
but I have serious doubts about the
effectiveness of yet another anti-terror
law when I see that it creates obstacles
for the police and judges in terms of
interrogation searches and arrests
