the suspect in Tuesday's deadly attack
in New York has been charged with
terrorism so full o sigh off is said to
have been inspired by Islamic state and
even requested the group's flag be hung
in his hospital room
it seems Donald Trump ought to take
matters out of the courts hands tweeting
there rather than a flag the man should
be handed the death penalty the u.s.
leader was also opened who are sending
the attacker to Guantanamo Bay
Trump's also pushing for a tougher
vetting program for newcomers as the
suspect was from Uzbekistan for a moment
here let's recap Tuesday's deadly event
mr. safe fob had been planning this for
a number of weeks he did this in the
name of Isis the 29 year old sigh Filosa
UPOV arrived in America in 2010 he did
so illegally amid the diversity Visa
Lottery the program that Trump is now
vowing to close following the incident
on Halloween as I both got married in
Ohio which is where he worked as a truck
driver
most recently he lived in Paterson New
Jersey so Artie's caleb Maupin went to
that city to find out what people there
think of the man alleged to be behind
the deadly attack
now we're here in Paterson New Jersey a
former industrial hub known for its
large immigrant population say Phil oh
sigh paav actually lived in this
apartment building the building manager
tells us that he had a wife and two
children residents don't remember much
about him and say relations between
Muslims and non-muslims in the
neighborhood have been generally good
come around here once in a while you
know it's quiet and I'm pretty shocked
about the whole situation that happen I
wouldn't expect it from here so like I
always thought like it was just from
like different areas like it's it's
really close like literally two blocks
away from my house can't imagine it I
used to work here in this area literally
two blocks from here and it's pretty sad
to see something like this happen and it
really hits home you know you don't
think it's going to happen here but
fortunately it did
sigh Bob's residence is just around the
corner from this mosque the same mosque
that was being surveilled by the New
York City Police Department in 2005 it's
actually one of many in a New York City
Police Department surveillance program
that spanned across several states and
was widely criticized by state and local
officials police seem to have shut down
the roads a heavy police presence here
outside the mosque you think about the
government monitoring and watching
mosques I feel like it's not right they
shouldn't do it just because a couple
Muslim people are terrorists and I
believe like if you're supposed to
surveil them you should surveil like
every religious like area unfortunately
now one of the worshipers at the mosque
Abu Mohammed says he remembers saipa
very clearly he's quiet with respect to
everybody in the mosque you know I mean
he doesn't ask questions today mom
people don't know him that much because
they he doesn't talk to nobody so they
don't know him that's why while Mohammed
offered condolences to the victims he
had some rather radical sounding
opinions about who's to blame for
Islamic terrorism every hour 10 20
people died hourly I'm talking about in
Middle East why nobody say anything if
mr. Trump wanted up this happened to
stop he has to stop bombing Muslims the
war against Islam since 1990 until now
if I'd be living in Mosul or in Iraq or
in I'm in or in Syria whatever and
somebody killed my wife and my kids my
family I know this NATO or America
killed my family I'm gonna be terrorists
I'm gonna go crazy I'm gonna go for
revenge it's a simple in the aftermath
of the New York attacks officials say
that they will increase the security
measures and monitoring of Muslims in
the area locals say they have nothing to
be afraid of as they've done nothing
wrong we have nothing to hide we proved
to NYPD and FBI the homeland security
that we are nothing to hide our door our
open-door policy is being done and they
have nothing and anybody that attended
any of the mass comparison
