I see why my has in the past been
accused of some insensitive satire over
the Solsbury poisoning but then in case
you missed it Alexander Petrov and
Ruslan for sheriff burst onto the scene
petrified by sheriff's interview with
Artie has United the people of Russia
and Britain in asking what the fuck was
that
in a way though they are perfect for the
postmodern mind bender that is the
poisoning of the scrapple Petro from
Bashar of are anything you need them to
be Britain says their agents and
Russia's GRU military intelligence
accusing them of that Robert rock hit
job Moscow says they are just ordinary
citizens they say they just love
Salisbury Cathedral on the one hand
you're thinking they must be assassin
look at the trail they left behind on
the other hand you're thinking it can't
be a satin look at the channel they left
behind however let's not go judging a
book by it's cover
I mean it is 2018 just because two guys
claim to sell protein supplements for a
living while at the same time expressing
their love of Gothic architecture
doesn't make them suspicious and despite
all the unsubstantiated rumors
just because two o'clock loving Russians
share a hotel room and will literally
buy plane tickets to admire a hundred
and twenty three metre erection for the
record Salisbury Cathedral magnificent
so what can we expect in the third act
of this real-life Coen Brothers movie
there's still a poisoned spy no one's
seen what a sergey skripnikov salisbury
cathedral tommy his daughter yulia ever
be allowed to speak off script again
this grip al cat that survived what did
it see and where were the head of
Salisbury Cathedral publicity team when
all this was going down you know what
there it is a lovely Cathedral
