welcome to surf Ian Cohen Sophie she
ever not say the rift between Hungary
and Brussels is widening began Budapest
resist pressure from the e establishment
with warning shots already fired well I
talked to Hungary's Foreign Minister
feature cr2 about the challenges that
lay ahead
the European consensus is under threat
as the migrant crisis threatens to split
the EU with Eastern European members
refusing to follow Brussels line over
newcomers the bloc is already
threatening action against troublemakers
so can countries like Hungary and Poland
resist the pressure from EU leaders can
the euro establishment actually do
anything to really harm the center
States and will the conflict grow into
an irreparable rift in the Union for
mister it's really great to have you
once again on our program all was a
pleasure a lot has happened since the
last time we spoke so the European
Parliament has given an official warning
of some sort to your country over your
Prime Minister's new policies domestic
policies do you feel like it's just a
little parliamentary scolding or
concessions come with that that was a
that was a political decision that was
made by cheating as the votes for
abstention were not counted so if the
vote had taken place like two days later
than maybe the no votes would have been
wouldn't have been counted either
there's a basic debate between us and
the majority of the European Parliament
and this debate is about migration as
the majority of the European Parliament
is absolutely Pro migration and we are
very clearly an anti migration
government we made it very clear that we
want to preserve our right to make our
own decision whom we would like to let
enter the territory or of our own
country and whom we do not want to let
enter there and European Union would
like to take away this right of ours and
I want Brussels to impose obligatory
quotas on the Member States to you know
distribute the migrants among EU Member
States and that's a that's a clash
between the pro migration majority of
the European Parliament and the
Hungarian government we're gonna get to
the migration part obviously because
it's a huge topic dividing Europe into
half literally but I think they also
meant other domestic policies when
they're threatening sanctions against
Hungary's that they don't like
they think undemocratic do you think
Hungary's voting rights in the could be
suspended and if yes then what can
Budapest do in return no surely not it
cannot be taken away because it requires
a unanimous decision and Poland has
already expressed that they would veto
all kinds of decisions like that as
there's an article 7 procedure going on
against Poland as well and we made it
very clear that we would veto all kinds
of sanctions against Poland and the
prime minister of Czech Republic made it
very clear that his standing besides our
prime minister so definitely such a
political intention will be unsuccessful
in the European Union to take away
voting right of Hungary but you know
this report contained the 69 points
69 accusations against Hungary out of
which 13 has already been resolved
between the government and the European
Commission 19 are under discussion by
the government and the European
Commission as it has to happen in the
European Union and there are 37
qualified lies no more than a lie based
on opinion of NGOs which are clearly
anti-government which took part in the
last election campaigns had an open goal
had a publicized goal to throw out the
government but they became unsuccessful
they are frustrated and they are
spreading lies about my country and this
report is based on these lies this is a
liar report okay so let's think
logically what can Brussels achieved by
isolating Budapest and if you find
yourself isolated do you do you think
you can maybe invoke the article 5 and
maybe leave EU altogether
no definitely will not leave the
European Union because our interest is
to have a strong European Union Hungary
can be strong in a strong European Union
and this is the this is the focal point
of the debate how to make European Union
strong again and there's there's a big
clash between some Western European
entities let's put it this way who are
pushing for a European Union which
should be stepping into a dimension of
post Christianity and post nations and
our goal is totally different we
want a strong European Union based on
strong Member States and we want a
Europe which sticks to its Christian
heritage so number one we don't want
Europe to get rid of the Christian
heritage and we want Member States to
stay as Member States we don't wanna you
know give up our nationality if we don't
want to give up our culture we don't
want to give up our heritage and so on
and so forth so this is a big clash
between those who want to see European
Union s post Christian as post national
and us we want to see Europe as a
Christian continent based on strong
Member States European Commission is
also undertaking legal action against
Hungary for its law targets those will
help asylum seekers do you think if this
goes to all the way to the European
Court of Justice could could actually
hungary given and scrapped the law look
the fingers the following we are a
country we are a state and the state
does have an obligation to protect its
citizens by protecting its own national
border and if there's an organization
which helps other people to violate the
border of the given country that is
again the interest the national interest
of security so it must have a
consequence so yes we will punish those
organizations in the future as well who
try to encourage people to violate our
own border who try to promote the
opportunity of border violation towards
Hungary or who try to encourage people
to ask for asylum without a legal basis
so it's obvious that there are
organizations acting against your
national security then you have to
protect yourself so Austria Sebastian
Kurtz has always been in favor of most
of your policies backing you including
migration this time he says you know
what Austrian MPs will actually vote
against Hungary do you feel betrayed
well you know although politics is not a
personal profession but I have to tell
you that personally we enjoy or we have
enjoyed a good friendship as we have
always fought together in the Council of
the European foreign ministers for the
solution which we found preferable so
that was here absolutely I
negative surprise what he made as a
statement I called him because we are
friends so you just took I mean I do I
even if it's on the phone he gave me an
explanation
I was not very happy because regardless
of any kind of pressure putting on me I
would never say such kind of things
about friends but we are different
personalities but I guess there's no
friendship in politics do you think he
was pressured into saying and taking a
decision like that well I think this is
the question that should be raised to
him so you in your entry to BBC said
that EU policy and migration can be seen
as invitation for people to come to
European Union and that sparked quite a
debate because I mean obviously people
who come migrants will come to Europe
they come from war-torn countries
countries with famine instability and
you know they're dreaming the world is
like European social packages it's only
normal that those people are seeking a
better life you know I think we have to
start from the basis of international
law and the international law says that
everybody has the right to have a safe
and secure life so it means that if you
have to escape from your home then in
the first safe country you must be
treated it means that we Europeans
should help those countries which are
located around the war-torn areas to
help them to be able to treat refugees
instead of encouraging them to come to
Europe because my question is what is
the legal basis for anyone to cross 567
peaceful and safe countries violate the
border of those just in order to get to
Germany so there's no fundamental human
right saying that that you can wake up
in the morning you pick Germany Austria
Sweden as the destination of yours and
in order to get there you violate series
of borders that that's not a human right
so human right as that if you have to
escape you're gonna be treated in the
first safe and secure country that's why
we are absolutely in favor of supporting
Turkey Jordan Lebanon and all other
countries that is easy for you to say
but if you were like in the same
position as Italy
like you can't change geography and like
the first arrivals have to be taken they
just can't shoot those people or send
them back so you'll be talking
differently it's easy for you to say no
migration because yeah it's so hard to
get to you put come on there were
400,000 illegal migrants marching
through my country in 2015 and how we
ended that was that we built a fence
look we spent no I mean very few people
know that what we have spent had to
spend more than 1 billion 1 billion
euros so far on protecting our southern
border because currently there are
dozens dozens of attempt to break into
Hungary on a weekly basis till our
police is there our military's there are
instructure is there and we have spent 1
billion euros in order to stop that
migratory route now the other question
is whether if it is possible on the land
route which we have proved whether it is
possible on the maritime route as well
we have listened to Brussels for three
years as no it's impossible physically
legally it's impossible the Australians
have proved that yes it is possible
but now the Italian Minister of Interior
whom we respect a lot tried to prove
that yes it is possible to to stop the
migratory flow on the maritime route as
well but those investor in Europe who
all they say that protection of external
borders extremely important attacked him
like they have attacked us in the last
three three and a half years so if we
make it very clear on behalf of Europe
that please do not board on those ships
of the smugglers at the northern shores
of Africa because you will be not
allowed to disembark they also ships in
Europe then these people wouldn't leave
these people leave because they see that
regardless of any kind of attempts of
certain politicians in Europe the
Brussels and the majority of the Western
Europeans all is rich that these people
can disembark those boats and come to
Europe and then ask for refuge and
regardless of the fact that they are
they are rejected they cannot be sent
back and they stay so I actually spoke
literally two weeks ago with Matteo
salvini
on the same topic and asking like how
can you be allies with Hungary because
at the end of the day what you want are
two
and things because Hungary says no
migration at all and you're just saying
we want European Union to help us
redistribute the new arrivals because we
can't change our you know geography are
you as an ally willing to help we are
allies with funds for example okay then
I distribute yeah yeah I would like to
tell you two things on that number one
we are allies because sequencing is very
important and number one in the
sequencing is to protect and control the
borders and do not let migrants in this
is number one this is what matters of
anyone's as well because he he tried to
close the maritime border and he tried
to make it make the people understand
that there's no way they could disembark
those ships because they are illegal
migrants and they are not allowed to
come to Italy so the number one issue
which says that no illegal migration
should be allowed no illegal migrants
should be allowed to come to Europe
that's the major issue on which we agree
and where we are allies this is number
one number two when it comes to funds
when it comes to helping those in need
you know we have a program which called
Hungary hubs we have already spent
around fifteen million euros on that as
we are reconstructing the the torn down
houses in the middle east of Christian
communities we have them to build their
schools we have them to cover their
medical expenditures in their hospitals
we have them to recreate their own
communities because the church leaders
of the Middle East begged us not to
encourage the people to leave the Middle
East to come to Europe but to help them
to be able to stay where their
communities had been staying for
centuries or even a millennium you know
so our philosophy is that we have to
bring help where it is needed instead of
importing problems where there are no
problems we're gonna take a show break
right now when we're back we'll continue
talking to Hungarian Foreign Minister
Peter cr2 talking about the many issues
we use facing this day stay with us
the oldest time you meet them generally
my name is Sarah I said come in my life
a lien in the Himalayan - Antonia nabob
yashio hokum circuitry allah himself a
martyr ali shariati age so onion awful
this'll all Sunday
and we're back with Hungarian foreign
minister Peter see active Prime Minister
you know there's this really popular
idea of floating in the European capital
is that in order to stop migration for
instance from Africa we need to pour
money into Africa to make life of those
where they are better would you be ready
to pour some money into Africa so people
don't come to Europe because whether you
like it or not if you're saying that you
want to be part of the European Union
you're part of you know one whole entity
and that entity says well maybe we
should consider giving some our money to
those countries so those people don't
come to us anymore this is what we call
tackling the root causes and yes there
we are absolutely on board just recently
I had the foreign minister of Uganda
with him I made an agreement that that
Hungary pays around 14 to 15 million
euros to be able to operate their
refugee camps with solar energy
technologies for solar energy with
technologies for water treatment with
some security measures and he told me
the foreign minister of Uganda and he
said it publicly on the press conference
as well that they don't ask people and I
don't want us to ask people to come to
Europe because he understands that if
people in Africa come from one country
to another it's the same culture same
same heritage same religion so it's not
as he he expressed it's not a shock for
each other because they are basically
the same same culture and and same
heritage and same religion if they come
to Europe then this is not the same
situation that's what he said
so and I agree with him that that we
have to help them in order to keep their
people keep their labor force to help
them to be able to develop their economy
that's why I made an agreement with the
German minister of development that we
financed investments together in Africa
in order to make life of people better
there but there's one very important
principle which we always want to apply
when it comes to funding of African
countries for example and this is
conditionality so we have to stick these
funds to conditionality meaning that we
have to require we have to be
and that these countries which financed
must carry out those reforms be it legal
be it economic be political democratic
which you know kind of which delete
those reasons why people have been
living from those countries so right now
the way things are looking is that
Europe is divided to help so there's a
block Hungary Italy Austria the Michigan
Senate race yes against the rest of the
you and you guys are defying them on the
migration policies do you feel the block
is strong enough to to resist
well sure what I can tell you the
following the Vichy a great cooperation
is the tightest and the most effective
alliance within the European Union and
look for governments belonging to four
total different party families and
regardless of this fact we are the
strongest allies of each other and we
know we can show back-to-back because we
are in solidarity with each other we
protect each other and the voice of the
four of us if it is said unanimously
it's much louder compared to the four
voices separately so from an
effectiveness point of view from an
interest point of view from a solidarity
point of view from a principal point of
view this cooperation is strong enough
this cooperation was try to be killed
many times many many times so we we have
a saying in Hungarian that if people
speak about you dying then you have a
long life so in this regard I can tell
you that the visa grad cooperation will
live for eternity but you know that like
more than ever before the unity of the
European Union is you know threatened
not just for the migration issues for
many other issues and then many would
argue that this block the vichy grad
Hungary Italy Austria is actually
putting derivative and further and in
this gap that's like getting bigger and
bigger and bigger do you feel like you
could be blamed for that
creating your rift that's yeah can't be
reversed I think that that's a very very
unfair accusation against us not to
speak about the fact that this is very
anti-democratic because
as you have said rightly it's not only
by Gration but not only migration but a
lot of other issues which can be taken
into consideration as historic
challenges ahead of the European Union
prax it threat of terror the war in
Ukraine the cooperation between Eurasian
Economic Union and the European Union
transatlantic relationship so there are
many many challenges ahead of the
European Union historic ones and I think
that it's obvious that we have a debate
within the EU how to overcome these
challenges and it is very
anti-democratic approach to try to
eliminate the right to to debate or to
discuss the possible solutions when
should we have debate about the future
of European Union if not now when there
are historic challenges ahead of us and
I think that we have the same right in
the central part of Europe to discuss
these matters as this and as the
countries in Western Europe do have many
say that this European parliamentary
elections in May are gonna be nothing
like the ones before and they may change
Europe forever do you agree well I agree
that this is gonna be an extremely
important election we really do hope
that the composition of the European
Union and the European Commission will
change this European Commission made a
terrible performance if you look at that
track record migration threat of Terror
proxy transatlantic relationship so it's
it was very harmful what they have done
to the European Union so it's time to
step down and we hope that the
composition of European Parliament will
change as well and the Parliament will
be created based on the will of the
people there anti migration forces will
create the majority you know Subban and
surely he's president Trump's advisors
still manage right and he's a great fan
of your government and the ideologies
that you stick with and he's actually
working on this thing called the
movement which is the euro skeptic
Alliance and trying to hoping to have an
impact in my elections what Hungary
supports such a project well you know
since there are European people and
European citizens to vote on the EU
elections I think we should leave it to
the Europeans number one number two we
are part of the biggest European party
family
European People's Party and we are the
strongest and the most successful party
of the European People's Party so we
hope that our party family will be
successful and we hope that we can
change the general attitude of the
European People's Party which is now
through migration into an end by
migration attitude and so a present
Trump and your Prime Minister obviously
get along very well present from
admirers mr. brown greatly do you think
this sympathy could actually be a real
help in some way for a Hungary or is it
just an ideological liking well you know
under the Democrat administration under
President Obama we suffered a lot
because the American that time
administration made open attempts to
interfere into our domestic internal
politics now such kind of attempts are
not happening anymore for us it's it's
great in many cases we receive things in
a similar way but we have to understand
that they are the number one superpower
of the world and we are a small Central
European countries so we know our place
we are aware of our size and dimension
but we we we find some ideas of of
president from very refreshing so when
he says America first actually we like
and we understand that because we say
Hungary first yeah
but does that friendship actually help
you with the stand of with Brussels or
just up is because mr. Trump isn't the
most popular politician in Europe these
days either you know you know I don't
think he needs any popularity in Europe
because he needs to be popular among the
US voters so I don't think he he is too
much interested in in being popular in
the India you know we respect the
decision of the American people we never
questioned that we'll leave it to the
American people to elect their own
president as we expect others to leave
it to the Hungarian people to make
decision about the future of Hungary
your foreign minister is also great
friends with Vladimir Putin they get
along very well
but that must come with a cost for you
for your country president Makram was
here in st. Petersburg as the guest star
of the International Economic Forum we
understand they are in let's say
continuous contact with your president
we understood that there are several
meetings between your president and the
German Chancellor so I don't think that
we would be too exceptional in this
regard we have a very
schedule we have one official meeting
between your president and our prime
minister every year which is I think
normal countries close to each other we
depend on your energy supply we have a
tight economic cooperation now we have a
tight investment cooperation as well you
play an important role in our energy
supply not only gas but nuclear power as
well so I find it very normal that we
try to make a pragmatic relationship
based on mutual respect well the only
difference is that when your Prime
Minister meets President Putin he
doesn't go back to Hungary and the
minute he has his face turned to Russia
I go to Russia doesn't say to his voters
Russia is number one enemy most of the
European heads they come to Russia you
know they talk about bridging gaps but
as soon as they're home
the rhetoric changes you know we always
say the same statement about the same
things maybe this is one of the reason
why we have won free elections in the
road with the constitutional majority we
never change faces so obviously your
country has always said that Russian
sanctions like where sanctions
anti-russian sanctions doesn't work for
anyone they don't work for you they
don't want for the Russia but when it
comes to voting on lifting them you
don't vote to lift them why this is your
right to vote why why wouldn't you you
know we we made it very clear as well
because as I told you we always we are
always honest we are we are in favor of
straightforward speech
we hate cheating each other we have even
told openly here in Russia that that we
would never break the unity of the
European Union because unity of the EU
it is our value on the other hand we
made it very clear that there must be a
dialogue there must be a discussion an
honest discussion is straightforward
discussion about whether sanctions have
been successful or not and then let's
see if things factually whether it
helped European economies whether it
helped Russian economy or whether it
helped to go down with the Russian
economy whether it has had to implement
the Minsk agreements and so on and so
forth so they're very straightforward
questions and they are very easy answers
yes or no and then after giving honest
answers to honest questions we should
make a decision about the future now the
current Italian government
seems to represent the same position
that no automatic rollover and the
discussion must be made and since they
are a strong country a big country a g7
country it will be much easier for the
smaller EU Member States to represent
this position together with the big one
thank you very much for this interview
and good luck with everything we
appreciate thank you so much suppose
Russia
you
