getting that one-on-one meeting with the
leader of the free world himself is a
priority for many world leaders as it
was for Ukraine's president poroshenko
last summer Russia and Ukraine remained
firmly in global headlines so getting
that chat a handshake and photo
opportunity with Trump early some say
before Vladimir Putin was crucial as new
sanctions against Russia were announced
and the president spoke of how
productive discussions had been some
officials behind the scenes may have
breathed a sign of relief mission
accomplished but reports emerged that
the meeting may have been arranged
unconventionally according to the BBC
diplomatic roots would have given
poroshenko little more than a photo
opportunity so Ukrainian officials
opened a back channel through a chain of
contacts including Trump's lawyer
Michael Cohen now facing numerous
federal charges to secure that
tete-a-tete and the latter would take a
handsome cut for paint selling a meeting
into Trump's diary allegedly around
$400,000 now the story citing top
official sources in Ukraine featured on
the BBC back in May this year but it
seems the Ukrainian president's office
wasn't happy with the revelations the
head of State's office is apparently
suing the broadcaster for libel since no
correction or apology was issued the
allegation that the claimant was guilty
of serious corruption is self-evidently
an extremely grave and serious one it
has also caused him considerable
distress and embarrassment
since the allegation strikes at the core
of his personal dignity and integrity
understandably all parties involved have
denied any such shady dealings ever took
place
the BBC couldn't offer any more details
on the allegations although the
Ukrainian side has confirmed the High
Court case whatever the outcome it's
sure to add to a cocktail of intrigue
gray areas and speculation already
surrounding Trump's first term in office
you
