we'll continue to vigorously implement
counter in America's adversaries through
sanctions act and urge all countries to
curtail relationships with Russia's
defense and intelligence sectors both of
which are linked to malign activities
worldwide China slapped with sanctions
in response to their purchase of s 30 to
35 fighter jets as well as an S 400
missile system now Heather now ur the
spokesperson for the US State Department
says this is about deterring countries
around the world from doing business
with Russia's defense industry China is
not the only country in the world to
have purchased the s400 missile system
from Russia it's important to note that
Turkey which is a member of NATO and a
longtime US ally has also purchased the
s400 missile system now Heather now it
was pressed on that and this is what she
said you know what it goes against our
policy to have a NATO ally such as
Turkey use an S 400 system part of the
problem with that it is that it is not
interoperable with other NATO systems
and so we are against the having some of
our partners and allies around the world
potentially purchase s400 exercise I'm
not going to get into that but we have
made very clear what could trigger
sanctions for other countries and
entities around the world but it's not
just Turkey in fact India is currently
in the final stages of purchasing an S
400 missile system of its own and there
are a number of US allies around the
world that are also planning to buy as
400 missile systems you would look at it
Saudi Arabia a very key ally of the
United States in the Middle East is in
the process of buying s400 missiles so
as Qatar and Iraq the question must be
raised why is it that China is being
slapped with sanctions for its
purchasing not just of the s for
hundreds but also the su-35 jet fighter
but the question is why are these other
countries not being subject to sanctions
is the United States actually prepared
to enforce these sanctions across the
board against anyone who would buy these
missile systems or is it being enforced
so
actively despite the sanctions imposed
by Washington China doubled down saying
it will nonetheless continue strategic
cooperation while author and historian
Gerald Horne believes that Beijing is
strong enough to handle an American hit
there is a lot of hysteria right now in
the United States about the prospect of
China being in the passing lane that is
to say surpass the United States in
terms of having the number one economy
on planet earth this has to be
considered when contemplating the news
story that we're now discussing if this
particular escalation of Washington's
part continues that it's no telling what
the ultimate result will bring you know
that China purchases hundreds of
billions of dollars and has hundreds of
beads of dollars in US Treasury bills
which are used to finance the US
government everything from the post
office to the Pentagon even though there
is concern in China that dumping these
Treasury bills will harm Chinese
investment in this commercial paper
there is more talk in Beijing that this
is in store and in fact perhaps China
curbing future purposes of US Treasury
bills if that takes place the United
States want you to have to cut programs
or raise taxes in Washington does not
want to embark on either path I'm afraid
to say that China can probably absorb
more pain than the United States can at
this particular moment so I would hope
that Washington would not take that
dangerous step
you
