Britain's Prime Minister Teresa mace
trying to lay down some brexit law
difficult job but an informal EU summit
in Austria but the British press
meantime while she's away has been
poring over an explosive leaked memo the
unconfirmed dossiers be said originally
published by The Telegraph newspaper not
only reveals plans in Mays own party to
ouster but also lists crucially possible
successes Polly Boyd has got the story
the big question is who comes next that
appears to be the question that the
Conservative Party is mulling over
privately and rather actively on their
whatsapp cam conversations that seems to
be rule the political plotting takes
place nowadays and the list has been
leaked to the press and it goes through
all the potential candidates to succeed
to resume and their chances I believe we
can go through some of the candidates
now let's take a look at the first one
Boris Johnson booked his favourite after
Jacob Riis mug but the front-runner
never wins that's really interesting
because as you heard that Boris Johnson
is the bookmakers favourite but he's
controversial within the party but he's
got strangely ceaseless populist of
heels but as you saw there they're
saying the favorite never wins so let's
take a look at the next person on the
list
Sajid Javid once it trying to recover
from referendum positioning error well
the current Home Secretary now of course
is Sajid Javid that's the post that
Theresa May held for six years before
she became prime minister so it is seen
as a doorway to the Premiership he's
young he's made some welcome changes in
the home office he's kind of emerged as
a real possibility to succeed her
although he has one thing going against
him and that is that he is a lever
that's someone who voted remain but is
now committed to leaving which doesn't
sometimes doesn't convince the hardcore
leavers so let's go to the next
politician that is the current foreign
secretary take a look at what the list
said about him Jeremy Hunt Dark Horse
the Front's of the pack coming up on the
rail so that's the current foreign
secretary but he was formerly the health
secretary and he's seen as a bit of a
political survivor despite the fact that
he presided over the junior doctors
scandal here so he's not likely to have
many fans amongst the medical profession
but as the list goes on to point out he
is a real Dark Horse and this potential
race to succeed Theresa May and then
last but not least we have the current
defense secretary take a look at what
the list says about him Kevin Williamson
in full campaign mode but very reliant
on PM controlling her own departure
point so yeah Gavin Williamson is very
much Teresa most favorite but the
likelihood of her having a say and who
succeed her succeeds her isn't seen as
very big to me I have to say this all
reads a bit like the burn book from the
movie Mean Girls but the list is
important because it appears to confirm
that regardless of the mechanics of it
and how it happens Britain is leaving
the EU in March 2019 and it appears that
once this quite frankly thankless task
is over once the poisoned chalice of
brexit can at least be pushed a little
bit to the side the party is going to
want a fresh face to take it forward now
Downing Street in the Conservative Party
never normally comment on leaks we've
approached them about it we've asked
them about it Downing Street have said
ask the Conservative Party the
Conservative Party have said speak to
Downing Street about it so it doesn't
look like there's much desire to talk
about it and I think the list pretty
much speaks for itself
you
