I started WikiLeaks
to solve a very interesting problem to
me which was to know the fate of man to
know the fate of mankind insofar as that
development of man is revealed by the
development of his institutions and how
they actually behave in practice
internally and that the great political
struggle of mankind insofar as it's been
rational and we all know politics is
largely irrational but the irrational
part I feel is sort of random and the
rational part is based upon what we know
what we know about ourselves what we
know about each other and what we know
about how human resources are
distributed and how human institutions
behave and what sort of internal and
external rules we engages so that's the
purpose of WikiLeaks to try and
understand mankind and then from that we
can perhaps produce a better or more
realistically put less worse human
civilization but that's changing mankind
in some sense just having a small
glimmer of understanding about how it is
progressing through the world I think is
now almost completely eliminated and not
in the way that I expected we actually
have access to much more knowledge about
how we work than we ever did before but
it's it's being eliminated through the
the speed of informational processing
and therefore the speed of the change of
knowledge and that's going to that is
rapidly moving into out of that
algorithmic processing of knowledge is
moving into artificial intelligence and
why artificial intelligence is just
another kind of algorithm I think the
scale changes that have occurred in the
last seven years are significant enough
to classify it as a
positive change and that qualitative
change means a serious might be very
serious threat to the stability of human
civilizations not that they should be
too stable and the ability for human
beings to organize their fate in an
intelligent manner so I think you guys
in both these two dimensions are able to
do something the interesting stuff I
can't describe because I mean an
adversarial relationship with a number
of states really serious adversarial
relationship and then the situation for
change people and I have been detained
on in prison under house arrest and in
this embassy without charge at any time
in this country for almost eight years
now and the difficulty for people who
were detained in one form or another is
monotony absolutely so I try and make
each day as different as possible it
possibly can be and it's never different
enough for me
there's a shifting geopolitical
constellation as as far as operations of
WikiLeaks and other publishers are
concerned that are trying to push the
envelope WikiLeaks is designed in its
structure well because it kind of suits
the sort of things I like doing to be
the boldest the boldest but still
credible publisher it's a interesting
tension that but still credible by by
that I mean we're very bold not so bold
that we publish child pornography that
would certainly be bold but it's not not
I think interesting and credible coming
out of my experience with dealing with
governments and in computer security
industry I got into encryption I became
an encryption in engineer I read my vet
won a number of small companies and
consultancies and after a while I viewed
that the universe was hard enough to
understand for human beings without
going around encrypting it all the time
and that that are in some sense that was
to make human life harder to understand
and while I understood and even facts
come back I suppose to embrace that
earlier philosophic philosophical
position of mine that in a computerized
civilization encryption is the
fundamental building block of liberty I
think that is I think that is clear
very interesting philosophically as to
why that is why that is so so I then
instead thought well I should I should
really tackle trying to D crypt
physical reality I sound that sounds mad
but that's what physicists do right we
try and decrypt physical reality to
understand time and space the beginning
and end of things and after after a
while I felt I had although physics is
very wide but I felt I had a decent
decent enough understanding that that
the extra time put in wouldn't produce a
great deal more understanding and so
then I came back taking some of these
concepts that have been developed in
quantum mechanics about understanding
flows of causality how one thing causes
another and if you look at look at it to
a particular interpretation through the
flow of information of how information
from one thing that you're trying to
measure goes on to cascade causality
across others and then eventually to the
person looking at it and so I thought I
would why not take that concept which
can perhaps be described in the way the
WikiLeaks uses it as causality
amplification some small amount of
capital leading to a larger amount of
information leading to a cascade of
effect and and try and put that into
place to help understand human
civilization and while that's a in some
sense a very ambitious and impossible
project along the way to have some fun
and achieve some important blows for
justice which is satisfying when you're
doing it it's very very very satisfying
to see innocent people for example I
walk out of prison with one of our
publications above their head the key
documents used
back in 2007 when I launched WikiLeaks I
don't know if people can bring their
minds back to the cultural dynamics on
the Internet at that time it was in some
sense far more controlling space than it
is now
in other senses far more open because
they weren't the big players didn't
dominate it as much as they do now
but the the fight as to whether a
WikiLeaks was culturally acceptable
hadn't been had yet and through
succeeding in that fight and defending
the organization we became in a very
unusual way part of the status quo not
of the status quo of establishments
obviously many establishments are
opposed to us because we publish secrets
and all establishments are in some sense
hypocritical and rely on keeping a
different interior world to an exterior
presentation a WikiLeaks became a
cultural culturally established such
that there would be a tremor sent
through the broader Internet culture
which is now the broader Western culture
if we elites were to disappear and
that's a very difficult role to be in
what would it mean it would mean that
essentially the the envelope for
publishers and freedom of speech and the
rights of citizens versus institutions
and establishments would suddenly
contract so I personally and wicked so
partly in the business of keeping the
envelope wide being that avant-garde
where we are constantly crashing up
against icebergs constant
trying to just smash through the ice or
at the very least maintain position so
that behind us there is a widened
cultural space for Liberty broadly
speaking I mean you had some very good
speakers that are speaking at the kind
of practical everyday computer security
industry so I'm not going to do that
probably because I wouldn't be that good
at it the the WikiLeaks has a threat
model but it's an exceedingly it's a
very high threat model absurd in fact I
mean the UK government by 2015 by the
middle of 2015 admitted just one
department alone had spent twelve point
six million pounds it was very
embarrassing on surveilling me it was
very embarrassing and so in response
they classified the budget so the budget
figures have not been released they
certainly haven't been released for
others so that's a high threat level
environment it's very interesting I
suppose all the domains that we've come
up with to deal with that environment
but they are in some sense unique to a
to a small to mid-size organization
operating at the highest levels of which
I'm not sure that there are any others
than us I suppose that there are some
independence groups and terrorist
organizations but at least on the terror
side obviously it's a it's quite a
different game to on the way fun that
we're engaged okay but there is a there
is a much bigger threat to everyone and
I
like this some of you well at the time
the Los Alamos project physics Western
physics became harmonized because you
bought the different physics traditions
from across Europe the leading figures
to the United States and to Los Alamos
and then you had a harmonization of
nomenclature and understanding and those
people then spread out so one of those
people was Enrico Fermi an Italian
physicist very interesting man one night
Oh Rico Fermi was out walking amongst us
out in Los Alamos with some of his
physicist buddies and he looked up at
the stars and said where is everyone and
so you're going to freak out a little
bit because yes I'm bringing in the
aliens into this part of the talk to
answer this question his question is
very deep it's that they don't appear to
be any and by appear I mean there are no
physical signs that we can detect in
terms of what happens to stars the
energy seems to be constantly boiling
off being wasted into space we don't
hear radio signals we don't see anything
of civilized life and yet in the last 10
years we see a in the last 10 years the
astrophysics of planetary astrophysics
has shown that there's tens of thousands
of extrasolar planets that we have
actually detected on an individual basis
and from that you can assemble the
probabilities of their being Earth
approximating planets and there's
hundreds of millions maybe billions just
in this galaxy so the question then
becomes well where is the civilized life
why don't we see it why don't we see any
signs of it anyway
and so the the answers to that are well
it could be the reasons we don't see
signs of civilized life with the
increasingly powerful measurement
apparatus is because life simply doesn't
evolve life itself
that's why we don't see civilized life
that there's something very rare about
the earth and the means of life here
both but when we look at the earth and
when we look at extrasolar planets we
don't see any reason why that should be
true in fact we we see organic amino
acids in space dust and asteroids and so
on and we know that asteroids
cross-pollinate for example there's
asteroids here from Mars bits of bits of
Earth has gone to Mars etc when we get
hit by an asteroid and stuff flies off
etcetera so there's quite a lot of
reason to believe that the basic
building blocks of life have spread
widely
so my view and I think it's the the only
view you can take so far until more data
comes in is that there's something very
unstable about civilization
there's something very unstable about
technologically advanced civilization
that means it doesn't go on for long and
I think the answer to that is the very
rapid competition if you like the light
speed competition that occurs when you
wire up the world to itself and that
very rapid competition can have two
fates
number one it can produce very robust
artificial intelligences that it then
coupled with their States you can see
that panning out in the United States
and China as they each shore up they
kind of take you know those two forces
are going to take essentially all the
market and the rapid competition between
them with with the backing and support
of the states behind them and the the
exacerbation of the commercial
competition through geopolitical
competition will lead to an
uncontrollable desire for growth in
artificial intelligence capacity yeah
leading leading to a very severe
conflict or stole to vacation there's
interesting you can follow these
trajectories in different ways it takes
who takes too long to describe so I
think that's that's our biggest threat
it is geopolitical competition removing
what otherwise might be sensible human
controls on the development of
artificial intelligence that
geopolitical competition are harnessed
by and it's self harnessing are the
largest artificial intelligence
companies to ratchet up a process which
human beings can no longer control not
in the sense of there being killer
robots although of course Google is now
putting its AI in drones and so on so
yeah there are killer robots not not in
this classic dystopian sense but rather
in a in a way that comes from
understanding how human institutions
behave which is institutions that are
built on competition and growing their
size and dominating markets etc take any
advantage they get and will continue to
ratchet up in competition and everything
that they produce has that DNA in it and
that's where we're headed and that's us
that's a severe threat to human beings
in general and all businesses but
perhaps the and perhaps the answer to
that threat is people understand
computer security offensive computer
security in particular trying to work
out what to do about it
the nation-states haven't been around
that long most people don't understand
that that the West the Westphalian
system has only been around for about
400 years and in fact most nations not
States but nations communities of people
we're not even in the Westphalian system
for a long time now the you can think
about why the Westphalian system where
the nation-state system developed I
think it's I think it's essentially the
technology including speed of transport
letters radio communications etc meant
that each centre of organization
attracted smaller groups of organization
to it and they grew and grew and grew
and kept growing until they hit the
boundaries of others also doing the same
and those and then there was conflict
and then borders were constructed either
too well unless there were natural
borders borders arose as a result of
trying to dampen down the expense of
that conflict
okay and the there's clear physical
reasons why that arose it's a it's a
geographical conflict and geographical
basically means as two dimensional
spatial conflict but the Internet has no
two dimensional spatial nature so in
instead what you see with the conflicts
that occur through internet based
organizations and states are included
increasingly moving on to the Internet
there's a kind of inter digitization of
conflict that is there's no border
there's no border and it's it's 220
milliseconds from New York to Nairobi so
why would there ever be peace in such a
such a scenario there's no border of
peace with
within which there's greater cooperation
that's not easy to construct
now with cryptography to the degree that
it's well engineered you can create some
kinds of borders in fact that's what all
in fact all institutions that are
surviving on the Internet
an anarchic international space are
doing they're creating their own borders
using cryptography but the yes the this
the size of the attack surface for any
decent sized organization and the the
number of people and different types of
software and hardware that has to pull
inside itself means that that's very
very hard to establish and things are
moving so fast that you you I don't
think it's really possible for
organizations to come up with borders
that are predictable enough and stable
enough to eliminate conflict therefore
there will be more conflict it's the
kind of you know they're sexy because
they have a lot of power and that they
conform to certain classical human
models that we've culturally absorbed
over the last at least few hundred years
and the notion of a well-defined
cultural other but I think they're
they're small players really small
players in this game as it goes forward
and you look at what Google and Baidu
and $0.10 and Amazon Facebook are doing
in there
basically mass open-cut harvesting of
the knowledge of humankind as we express
it when we communicate with each other
if some people do on on Facebook or
uploaded YouTube videos or deals between
different companies to get hold of their
data that classical model which people
academia have called surveillance
capitalism mainly you
who you acquire capital through
surveillance the capital is the data and
then you sell it to advertisers
basically that's change now it's it's
it's really a very very interesting and
important and severe economic change
which is to take the surveillance
capital as a model and transform it
instead into a model that doesn't yet
have a name but we call it the AI model
which is to use bait and switch
techniques that Google and others have
done to provide Tyson services to get
hold of data and then using a vast
reservoir training artificial
intelligences of different of different
kinds and thereby replacing not just
intermediating sectors which things you
know most things you do on the internet
of some sense more efficient
intermediation z-- but to actually take
over the transport sector or to create
whole new sectors and it's even just the
transport sector alone this is trilliant
worth trillions of dollars more than the
advertising intermediation sector so so
it's a and and to be it be a player in
that game you have to add the vast
reservoirs of data and your Europe
doesn't even have one it's incredible
it could have perhaps perhaps could have
struggled forces one but of course the
AI companies in the UK have mainly been
bought out by by US companies
similarly with Germany I'm not sure
whether I don't know whether China has
been buying out European companies but
if you look at things like the European
privacy legislation and the tradition of
privacy not so much from UK but
emanating from Germany in Germanic
Europe culturally that
what while while it's kind of dear to me
as someone who understands about the
importance of privacy it has meant that
a European company has not been able to
emerge although I think as other reasons
as well why it hasn't they could harness
all the data of Europe pull it together
and use that to train artificial
intelligences in in the way Chinese and
American companies have and it's the
it's an interesting question I think
it's you know the end the answer is not
terribly interesting and a bit obvious
which is vast databases of IDs are
economically interesting to institutions
for other reasons and the centralization
of those vast databases there then makes
the marginal cost of stealing hid lower
and the globalization of principally
Commerce means that you can use IDs in
more places but let's kind of pull back
and look at it at a more philosophical
perspective I say that this generation
will that perhaps our generation but
anyway this generation being born now in
in seconds in most countries sorry very
shortly in most countries and it's
already happened in in say China most
European countries the United States is
the last free generation you were born
and either immediately all within say a
year you are known globally you're your
identity in one form or another coming
as a result of your idiotic parents
plastering your name and photos over
Facebook or as a result of insurance
applications or passport applications
transport on airlines etc you you are
known to all the world's major powers
all the world
major state powers and all the world's
major commercial powers that's a very
different situation for individuals to
be in and they have previously been in
that a small child now in some sense
past has to negotiate its relationship
with all the world's major powers of
course in practice it can't do anything
its parents are not managing in that
negotiation but it puts us in a I think
a very different position in the sense
that very few in fact maybe only a few
people in this audience very technical
technically capable people are able to
no long able to live apart to choose to
live apart to choose to go their own way
they must be part of not only the state
but the major state like corporations so
powerful they may as well be States and
not just their own state but other
states as well that's a significant
change cultural change for humanity it
smells a little it smells it smells a
bit like totalitarians totalitarianism
in some way obviously the world is
different but there's some feeling about
it which is totalitarian and so what so
what is the answer for nearly everyone
that is an inescapable conclusion so it
so is is the answer that we that we all
have to be part of the state
we all have to be part of managing the
ongoing evolution of our cultural
national commercial international
structures because we can't escape from
them
what I mean you know journalists have
one of the lowest approval ratings of
all professions I think the last study
in the United States was about 25
percent
I think lawyers are just slightly lower
Congress been away lower and and and
just about everyone else is higher why
is that well it's a sad thing it's a
it's a really sad thing as as someone
who loves to document how human
civilization actually works we're in
constant warfare with those people who
are trying to distort the understanding
of how how human beings actually behave
including distortions by proxy which is
to to you know come up with nonsense
about WikiLeaks them or me
I mean there's been there's been a lot
of quite yeah there's a lot of amazing
plots that we have uncovered yeah in one
form or another I think think my the
favorite allegation is that I'm a cat
torturer no seriously AFP as your point
france-presse put that everywhere and
even into the new even into the New York
Times so there's a I don't really know
where to start
for people who aren't familiar with this
kind of disgusting machine that the
media is and how it works
perhaps it's enough it's enough to say
that most human wars have come about as
a result of Liza's and that seems
absolutely clear in democracies the
democracies have to be lied in to war
it's a it's a very serious ongoing
problem it has resulted in the in the
deaths of millions of people in the last
50 years and you can do a calculation
how many deaths is it journalists
responsible for and I did it in the
States because not meaning to pick on it
but there's figures for the the total
number of political journalists is about
5,000 it's it's something like 200 kills
for the journalists in the last 20 years
just the u.s. journalist alone because
they would not do their job they would
not be accurate and because they lacked
courage no this is another one of these
propaganda talking points not to
criticize you I I know you're trying to
give me something to bounce off but the
United States government had to admit
under oath in the trial of Chelsea
Manning in in 2013 that it could not
find a single instance of someone who
had been physically harmed as a result
of our publications to that point now I
should say that if you work on an
industrial scale everyone knows you work
on dust you'll scale then the world is
big and there's a lot of reverberating
dynamics that you can never properly
play out it's the same for car
manufacturers it's the same for big
publishers but thus far there's no
example of that happening for us
yeah I don't know it's it's uh no I mean
I dunno but I don't know what i should
answer in response to that question it's
a interesting diplomatic back-and-forth
about well really about the in my view
the alliance structure the Western
alliance structure between the United
Kingdom and the United States that's
caused problems for many people in the
UK for a long time with anjaan injustice
in relation to extradition cases and
quite quite a bit of prestige as well
quite a bit of state pride involved it
states never never liked to be forced to
follow their own own rules
in fact they define themselves in
significant degree as having power by
violating their own rules that's that's
one of the key ways in which States
demonstrate the supremacy of their power
is it they're the one group that doesn't
have to obey its own rules and that's
that's true in my situation in the the
ten year period is hard to predict and
that's the that's the big problem I
don't see the the National Security
Agency GCHQ five wives Alliance more
broadly France a bit Russia a bit China
mostly domestically have been engaged in
mass surveillance and the five eyes
countries for well serious computational
mass surveillance about about twenty
years that's something is of such scale
that it strategically affects the
development of human civilization in
fact it's called strategic interception
for exactly that reason
now strategic interception is
slowly being degraded and that was a
very important thing to do because and
and I guess some people can't see the
the reasons but as we through as the
majority of the world's populations
through itself on to the internet we
merged our human societies with the
Internet so the result is that the
whatever the security structure of the
internet our human societies also became
part of that and that structure was in
part mass strategic interception no I
mean I worked on this for years many
other peoples role and we had out a
really big hit with in 2013 with it with
certain revelations that smash that into
the consciousness not of the average
person I think that was a negative
actually because they all became
paranoid about what they were saying and
became fearful and conformist but we
smashed that into the minds of engineers
and engineers thereby felt ennobled and
that they were part of the flow of human
destiny by including encryption into the
communications protocols so that has
checked a very dangerous development and
we're left we're left then with the
other dangerous developments of which
you know the importance are the ones
that I described I don't think that now
now prayer and perhaps in the next three
years we're going to see computer
hacking at scale people talk about it as
if it's happening at scale at the moment
it's not happening at scale not compared
to strategic interception but the AI F
occasion of computer hacking is
something that will happen at scale
because
because you're automating it now within
AI the how how you you how you train a
eyes for discrete problems and computer
hacking many aspects of it is a discrete
problem
there hasn't been significant progress
on in my view what there has been
enormous progress on is how you kind of
map through a space which is in between
in between a fluid problem and discrete
problem and so an example of a space
like that is the game of Go that that's
a very good example toy space where each
step in go is discrete but you've got
enough pieces enough board that it
almost starts to become a fluid and when
you assemble all the computer hacking
techniques together there's so many and
so many targets that now now you're
starting to look like now you now you
have a search space that it starts to
look more like a fluid and these search
spaces we can increasingly conquer and
the and when you have very large
computer programs and I suppose when you
fight when you fuzz large computer
programs if they're so if they're large
enough you have enough discrete discrete
chinks in the attack surface that all
together they're more like a fluid so I
think inevitably we're going to see this
a ai ai F occasion of computer hacking
attacks and that will have been merged
with other search spaces and those other
search spaces look like what is the
informational space that because in the
in the end what you really want is
machines and human beings to make
particular decisions so you bring to
bear you acquire as much knowledge as
possible and then map it back in on to
the actors whose decisions you want to
affect and so there's a lot of talk
about hybrid warfare some of the
legitimate some of it overblown has
actually been something that's been
around for many many years but I think
this notion of bringing together
different search spaces in AI that are
large enough to have a semi fluid
property means that you can then go
through the search spaces of all of them
together and that can produce something
very powerful and from a human
perspective completely incomprehensible
yeah I mean I guess there's a human
beings are very adaptable it's a bit
it's the best quality and the worst
quality they adapt to doing nasty things
they adapt to being on the receiving end
of injustice and they cease complaining
about it the real the real question is
where when not weather but when the UK
government that will follow the its
treaties that is it has signed up to and
if we if we look in my particular
situation okay yes everyone understands
there's a vast political and
geopolitical dynamic that's intimately
connected with the United States but
that but it is instrumentalized in
practice by UK intelligence services and
police it will physically arrest me and
hold me for whatever the US wants to do
with me so but what is the excuse to
actually do that to to enable those
budget spins the excuses in a case that
I was never charged for where the
extradition warrant has already been
dropped where I repeatedly won they say
that we're going to keep around the
warrant the UK end of the warrant for
the Swedish extradition which I
one they're going to keep around that
warrant despite me winning that because
I kick because I came in here and
perhaps they might want to they haven't
but perhaps they might want to charge me
with a bail violation this is the
technical excuse they haven't twice the
UK courts have refused to do so why well
because if you move your house arrest
location to pursue a parallel legal
process a higher legal process which is
an asylum application that's not a bail
violation okay but what if it was what
if you disagree with our analysis and
you say that is a bail violation well
okay
even before I came into this embassy and
applied for asylum which is everyone's
right everyone in this audience if you
if you are genuinely being persecuted
even before I came in this embassy if
you add up the time in prison under very
grueling house arrest for 18 months I've
already done three times the maximum
amount of time and the UK sentencing
legislation the UK sentencing
legislation values house arrest at 50
percent of prison time that's the law so
there's not only is this a bogus warrant
that it has no purpose if you as the
judge did a couple of weeks ago they'd
say well maybe if he came to court I
might want to charge him so that's why I
need to keep that warrant around okay
but if that occurred there could be no
possible prison time because I've
already served more than three times the
maximum possible prison time even before
I was awarded asylum if you include the
time in the embassy which you should
because the UN has assisted and said if
you illegally booked if you legally
block someone from leaving the country
that's a form of detention that would be
ten times the amount so the real
question is when is the UK government
going to uphold the treaty obligations
that is assigned and uphold basic
justice principles within UK law
well we're published a series called the
spy files that documented these
conferences private government
conferences where the different the
different mass surveillance vendors and
targeted hacking vendors like gamma
Group present their wares and actually
there's quite a lot to be gleaned from
that and whenever you're talking about a
big well a sizeable industrial sector
it's impossible to really hide its
shadows now you you're you always see
the shadow you don't always see the
thing but you can see you know a little
shadow of a foot sticking out somewhere
and through that you can map out some of
the contours that is an indirect enough
process and a conflict-free enough
process that it is kind of hard to get
the public really involved in it we had
done all that for example before the
Edward Snowden publications and it was
but the conflict in the Edward Snowden
publications is what really drew people
in because it's not simply that
WikiLeaks was saying it was important or
green-green what was saying was
important it's that the president of
United States was saying was important
look this is outrageous situation and so
people win so power is concerned about
this
therefore it in itself must be powerful
yeah I think it impinges on a deeper
question which is the world is complex
how much of it do you need to know
directly and how much of it can you
delegate now I love the idea of
intelligence agencies I'm a fan of the
idea of intelligence agencies because it
has the word intelligence in it and I
like I like that people know things and
maybe they might make sensible decisions
if they know things intelligence
agencies when they're when they're
acting their best reduced fear and
reduce paranoia because if if there's
something that you don't know
hypeeee merchants can fill this black
box with the most terrifying possibility
of what might be in there but if you
really do know in other states our
weapon systems and capacities etc it
might reassure you that actually they're
not as bad as the most catastrophic
scenario and so they can actually
contribute towards peace in that way the
problem is it's a principal agent
dilemma so this is a classical problem
when dealing say with lawyers which is
you hire a lawyer to work for you and
represent you and act in your interest
but of course the lawyer is also always
trying to act in their own interest
and inject their own interest into your
equation so how do you police that how
do you police it with lawyers will you
police it by constantly looking at their
work and and trying to do random samples
I guess introspecting into their work -
to see if the claims made are justified
that is the fundamental problem with
intelligence agencies and it's the
fundamental problem with delegation of
adult delegation of assessment about how
the world is working you can't
completely delegate you can't delegate
because human beings inevitably are
corrupt and cut corners and act in their
own interests and not of the person who
has appointed them and in that case for
example in the UK intelligence services
which have a role an important role
every state needs something like an
intelligence service to protect it from
interference by other states but without
insight deep insight into how those
organizations are acting they go astray
so intelligence agencies must be
transparent it's vital that they are
transparent and some of that and because
they are deeply interconnected with a
with industry some of that transparency
is provided by enforcing transparency on
the industry itself including at these
I mean it it's a it's a big dilemma one
of our lawyers who of course we will
have to educate them about you know
different surveillance techniques but
they said god damn it you know what we
should do we should we should like buy
up some chunk of Madagascar or Patagonia
or somewhere and just ban every
electronic device from it's like a radio
wave electronic will high-intensity
radio wave free area because of that
constant buffeting that we have by
principally commercial organizations
trying to harvest our interactions with
the world there'd be that's that's the
yeah that's the principle economic model
that all these AI companies have had and
the traditional surveillance capitalism
companies have had and the the the
number of degrees of interaction so what
do I mean by that if you can't imagine a
space of interactions the the number of
types of interaction the frequencies of
interaction between you and everything
else in the space is dramatically
increasing and in a way you can consider
each one of these degrees of freedom is
kind of like triangulation so to try and
triangulate something in two dimensional
space well okay you just need to two
directions to two signals directional
signals but we are giving off if someone
has users you can mobile phone for
example they're probably giving off a
couple of hundred of these on average
per second
something like that maybe not maybe not
quite as maybe okay maybe maybe it
doesn't perhaps although if you do video
of course as vast vast amounts more so
anyway between dozens and hundreds of
measurements we are emanating constantly
and so if you click those together you
can effectively triangulate someone's
activities and behavior and I don't
think by chopping out many of them or
adding kind of chaff cover did you can
make that much but make that much of a
difference and increasingly increasingly
it's less and the in terms of Internet
of Things there's research prototypes
now which I assume but are you being
used by intelligence agencies of very
small electronic circuits that you can
just put in paper or put and painter on
them on the walls that are packed are
powered by the gsm stations and they
they operate as the gsm radio wave
passes through them it gives them enough
power for very small amount of time to
do things so obviously that tendency is
going to continue there's nothing like
the Internet of Things it's that it's a
if you like intelligent evil dust
scattered everywhere like like confetti
in everything so I think it's
increasingly hard for human beings to
work out how to deal with that and and
the only way I the only way I can see is
that as that we've got to securitize
this problem computer security industry
is is you know it's been engaged in
outrageous securitization for a very
long period of time hyping up threats
etc I get how the game is played it
needs to be securitized in a different
way
we need to securitize the by
securitizers I mean you turn something
into a threat and thereby
change behavior or get economic gain
from it so we need to securitize the
threat to elites by these developments
the people who run these companies it's
a threat to them it's it's it's a threat
to the most powerful people in society
and to eliminate the notion that there's
a place that powerful people can hide
from or skilled people can hide from
this phenomenon and that's the way to
get all those people who have an ability
to make a difference to make a
difference
