the Greek government is to move around
2,000 migrants from an overcrowded
refugee camp in the city of Moria
that's after human rights organizations
condemned conditions in the camp stating
that it's leading to child suicides and
exposing people to high levels of
violence and according to the latest
report by Doctors Without Borders it is
children who are suffering the most
there we are witnessing people who
attempted suicide
that's happen often this containment
policy are affecting people mental
health people health and they're
destroying their future it's a kind of a
hell on the earth in Europe there are
many many episode of violence also
sexual violence of course with the
consequences of mental health issues
since first time when I was here to be
without words when we gave a support to
child a little girl five six years old
go in the hospital after sexual violence
Maria well twenty two thousand refugees
in total have come to Greece since the
start of the year over fifteen hundred
refugees meanwhile have arrived at the
Moria camp on the island of lesbos and
aid worker Michel Raber who spent time
at the Moriya camp describes the
situation there you have like one toilet
for 72 people there is a one shower for
eighty-four people so the sanitation is
really bad people are suffering from bad
conditions and they're also running into
health problem into mental health
problem because they are kept there for
so long time and have no perspective
they don't know how the case will go on
when they will ever be able to leave the
island this is a place where is a normal
rule of law the police is just
protecting the infrastructure of the
camp but not doing policing in the camp
so this is a very unsafe place and for
sure not a place that you should put
children and women families that flee
from the world human rights activists
are calling on the European
you need to help the migrants in the
Moria camp
we are lived in this moment the
collaboration of all Europe after the
asylum to find a way in order that these
people can do another another life give
them again a bit of hope cause in this
moment here there is no hope for them
but also for us the Greek government has
responded to the criticism saying
they're doing their best to make fast
decisions about the migrants asylum
status but it is not easy they are also
calling on Europe to accept a
proportionate number of migrants the
head of the UN refugee agency in lesbos
however says Europe is doing all it can
to help offence
Greece is receiving support from the
King Commission and also the asylum
office is supported by the penis and
support office and you nature is
supporting the government on lesbos for
example we are hosting we have six
places for 670 asylum seekers in and
migrants to be accommodated in
apartments and we provide also gas
assistance to the population there are
certain 16 migrants on lesbos we are
also supporting the government with
building their capacity regarding
protection working closely with
Christophe on child protection and
sexual gender-based violence
first and for all it is the government
the big government who is responsible -
- for the security of the citizens and
the residence
you
