hello I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report Oh
a lot to get to max we're still in
Washington DC it's the it's the original
swampland it is the heart of the swamp
the hurricane has brought out all the
swamp creatures the alligators crawling
all over the streets you know this is an
interesting story that we have in the
headlines in the past week regarding one
of the great American billionaire
oligarchy class and that is the Sackler
family Richard Sackler he is the
producer his family privately owned the
opioid producer oxycontin they make
oxycodone as well and here's the
headline from the Financial Times opioid
billionaire has patent for addiction
treatment you know we have an opioid
crisis here in America something like
70,000 people overdose last year it was
just 52,000 a year before and well
according to a new filing apparently a
billionaire pharmaceutical executive who
has been blamed for spurring the US
opioid crisis stands to profit from the
epidemic after he patented a new
treatment for drug addicts
Richard Sackler whose family owns Purdue
Pharma the company behind the notorious
painkiller oxycontin has granted a
patent earlier this year for a
reformulation of a drug used to wean
addicts off opioids
yeah well it's vertically integrated
yeah they get hooked on drugs and then
they try to get them on trucks then they
get them hooked on drugs and they try to
get them off drugs you know it's like
these junk food companies that also own
like pepto-bismol or other cures for
diarrhea so they get you they give you
diarrhea and then they have the cure for
diarrhea so the Sackler family they get
you hooked on heroin and they try to
give you the cure for heroin yes and
they have the patent on the cure for
heroin but they also have the patent on
synthetic heroin and then they have the
ability to keep you locked into a
perpetual lifelong dystopian heroin /
pepto-bismol junk-food life in the last
episode we talked about the architects
of the last financial crisis using the
op-ed pages of the New York Times
to you with the solution which is to
give them more power so everywhere you
look you see this when you tune in to
MSNBC or CNN or Fox one thing that's
very strange is you often see
commercials for Lockheed Martin or
Boeing and then you go to their websites
to see like any of their products that
they've been you know you know they have
this ad and you're like hey what's this
Lockheed Martin I'm gonna go buy
something from them they're supporting
my favorite show Rachel Maddow and you
go and look and it's like two hundred
million dollar missiles and you're like
hmm I can't really afford that and if I
could maybe will they send it to me no
they won't so why are these companies
who build weapons systems advertising on
the evening news that's an interesting
question of considering the evening news
the Rachel Maddow shows or Anderson
Cooper or Fox are always pretty much pro
war and cheering for it and doing the
shock and awe sort of presentation of
like look at our weapons there's a
saying on Wall Street Shearer don't
slaughter right so you have clients you
just want to share you don't want to
take you want to steal money from them
on a drip drip drip every month you
don't want to kill them because you're
giving up the cash cow sure
so the slacker family it's a cycler
Statler sac Laura Sackler Sackler so the
Sackler family they don't want to kill
all their customers with their synthetic
heroin they want a few of them remain
alive long enough to sell them more
heroin synthetic heroin so they have
this cure so they can cure up a little
bit for two or three months then they go
back into their heroin addiction because
if they kill them all in the first month
then their business dries up it's like
if you're torturing somebody
occasionally give them those smelling
salts like you got them chained up
against on the ceiling and then with a
with a chainsaw
you know and you're cutting off their
limbs like the Statler family is doing
to America Sackler family yes the the
crime family who makes heroin right so
to keep them alive long enough you know
they got him getting the smelling salts
they give the cure for two or three
months then they get him right back into
the hair when you get it it's part of
the business model right otherwise all
their customers would die in the first
quarter but it's also sort of white
washing or green washing you know you
see say with Bill Gates so he's a
convicted predatory monopolist right
under the Clinton administration they
found that he was guilty of monopoly
positioning and so his intellectual
property
you know suppresses the public domain
but he how does he get away with it well
he's like spends billions on helping
people around the world that's coming up
with you know cures for diseases he says
so the same thing here is like there is
a lot of pressure from you know on
Congress I know they don't usually
listen to the people of their voters
they listen to their contributors but
nevertheless because so many of their
voters are dying they are starting to
say hey sackler family in connecticut
we're gonna have to do something about
it you know perhaps you should come up
with some good PR for yourself and
here's the guy saying oh you know here's
the cure okay you might be addicted to
my product but here secure I'm helping
people this is um you know it's good PR
maybe oh yeah I mean they'll dress it up
as good PR but let's face it it's a
business decision to help keep your
customers alive long enough to some or
are poison yes otherwise they die too
quick now I'm gonna go across the pond
max oh no I mean they've been baiting me
with all these stories about Tim
Geithner and this the Statler family the
Sackler Sackler family in Connecticut
they make oxycontin the attacker's
family Connecticut makes the Andy cotton
that's killing people the Sackler family
in Connecticut that kills people every
day that family the Sackler family
Connecticut they must be on google map
somewhere so here's a headline from The
Times in the past last weekend
get ready for it okay an admission of
guilt so that's an admission of guilt by
the Sackler family right that's right
okay how opioids became an epidemic in
America by the way is a Purdue Pharma
said that their product was less
addictive than the other products on the
market that turned out to be a lie or
false one could say with depending on
whether you're arguing in court or not
so that turned out to be a lie so here
they've come up with a solution
in over in Europe we have a headline
about the powerful there in Britain we
allow the rich to escape charges admits
taxman Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs
HMRC has admitted for the first time
that it allows the most powerful members
of society to escape prosecution for
financial crimes at an economic crime
conference in Cambridge last week a
senior government official admitted that
tax authorities accommodated celebrities
concerns and settled debts privately to
avoid the embarrassment of a public
trial this is from The Times and they
actually even go on to admit even though
you know Rupert Murdoch's like friends
of these guys
HMRC however continues to prosecute
smugglers small businesses and benefits
cheats the admission came from Richard
last a deputy director of HMRC no 60,000
small to medium-sized enterprises in the
United Kingdom who did business at the
Royal Bank of Scotland had their
businesses trashed by the Royal Bank of
Scotland and pieces were sold off for
cash as a corrupt insider scandal with
the government's cooperation and the
BBC's cooperation to decimate hundreds
of thousands of Britons and have their
assets stolen the Royal Bank of Scotland
totally condoned by the government
encouraged by the government loved by
the government because those insiders an
R or L Bank of Scotland then give their
money to candidates the same government
is saying OK our tax authority her royal
tax authority a royal whatever they
caught is allowing celebrities to get
away with crime because they don't want
to get embarrassed so the worst crime
that could happen in Britain is being a
feeling awkward so in other words if I
went up to Buckingham Palace and I
committed a crime and it was awkward
then I would be allowed to go free
because the crime of awkwardness is to
be is on his own accord a person Max and
I lived in the United Kingdom we were in
London during the riots there were riots
there in 2010 or 2011 this was austerity
induced riots though that those
austerity programs were
introduced after the financial crisis to
bail out the bankers all of the many of
the biggest banks in the United Kingdom
were bailed out by the taxpayer
austerity was then introduced upon the
taxpayer in order to pay for those
bailouts we saw massive riots it was
like in 2010 or 2011 in the summer and
remember we had a one of the guests on
the show who did four months in prison
because he was walking through
Birmingham and he saw one of the looted
shops he saw a pair of trousers on the
ground and he picked them up and he took
them and what happened he got arrested
and spent four months in prison what did
David Cameron say in Parliament to the
people he said if you're old enough to
do the crime you're old enough to do the
time because there were 16 year old kids
who did months in prison at that time
here
HMRC is saying well if you're very
wealthy and prominent members of the
community that's his quote they were
afraid of the quote reputational damage
that a criminal trial for fraud money
laundering or tax evasion would bring so
they decided not to bring those trials
because if you're if you're very wealthy
and prominent its reputational damage
and we don't want to do that to you but
if you're if you're old enough to do
that if you're old enough to steal this
forty pound pair of trousers left on the
sidewalk right you're old enough to do
the time buddy I tell you what's really
sad is that a lot of British people
would agree with that
even people to get ripped off every day
yes they're so transfixed in the
monarchy that they believe that they the
Queen is actually the voice of God that
the aristocrats are actually what they
believe in white supremacy and they
believe that there's no such thing as
crime if you're committed if you're in
that aristocrat and they absolutely love
being subjected to that kind of
humiliation they they love it I think
it's just I was outlandish as the opioid
billionaire patenting the addiction
treatment here the HMRC like this was
admitted over two weeks ago I haven't
seen any uprising I would think it would
be a Daily Mail never covered it I don't
know that was in The Times Rupert
Murdoch
time's Harvard but the Daily Mail the
the rag of the stupid people in a
Britain would never cover it because
they they have I think on page three a
scantily clad woman and that's all you
know give give a British guy and some
you know beans on toast and they don't
care they just want beans on toast and
that's why I'm glad and then there's one
final headline I want to see the tweet
the ECB bond bubble a1 graph at the peak
of QE the Fed was never 100 percent of
net bond issuance ECB is 7 times net
issuances bottom line there is no
evidence of any real demand for eurozone
sovereign bonds that these yields are
even close at all so that ties up the
United States first headline UK and then
Europe and the basically the European
Central Bank is now buying up 7 times
the the bonds that are being issued
right well my money they print it's
called monetizing debt it's all bottom
this is that's that's helping that
that's helping those the same as HMRC
letting the what do they call them
prominent and wealthy members of society
that's the same thing ECB is helping
prominent and wealthy members get away
with their bad decisions their bad
investments and their fraud lovely cup
of tea their cuppa tea love well we have
more crumpets and beans on toast right
after these important words
when our chefs seem wrong when our rules
just don't hold any new world that is
yet to shape out disdain becomes the
etiquette an engagement equals betrayal
when so many find themselves worlds
apart we choose to look for common
ground in 2014 a bloody revolution here
to craft the demonstrations went from
being relatively peaceful political
protests to be increasingly violent
revolution is always spontaneous or is
it technological Tory prime Annihilus
thought period 3 meaning an ability
Rania splendour oh the former Ukrainian
president recalls the events of 2014 and
those who took part we've invested over
five billion dollars to assist Ukraine
in these and other goals that will
ensure a secure and prosperous and
democratic Ukraine
if there was family in general my next
to Sarah I said
I mean in the Himalayas can we win -
Antonia nabob yashio
come sir Petrella
elohim server manager Joe Girardi is
Oren TOEFL this alone sandal
welcome back to the Kaiser report on max
Kaiser they're gonna continue with a
conversation with Kenneth silverstein
he's the founder editor chief CEO
washington babylon dot-com that sounds
like a lot of fun he's contributing
editor advice and washington babylon
columnist at the observer ken welcome
back thank you all righty so fascinating
conversation just to set it up where we
picked it picked it up from our previous
conversation you're kind of trying to
make sense of all this political
cacophony going back and forth and in
the area of Trump we were saying you
know there's a new Cold War where does
that come from is it there's a baseless
as our basis for it and you use the term
that Trump derangement syndrome which is
usually we hear that you know let's talk
a little bit about that and as it
relates to the Mueller investigation
let's pick up there what's your take on
what's happening there and a little bit
on that place can the more investigation
to me is a very scary investigation for
variety reasons again I feel compelled
to emphasize that I am didn't vote for
Trump would never vote for Trump I
didn't vote for Hillary thurr
I sat it out I couldn't bear voting for
you you're in a tough spot because
you're trying to write in a way that
would be expected of a journalist by by
digging into facts without a bias you
have an unbiased view of things as a
journalist and but this is what you have
discovered but for some reason in this
country now that's considered a bias
yeah exactly if you're you if you're not
if you're not against on your forum when
it comes to Trump but the Muller
investigation to me is it is a you know
Trump uses the term witch-hunt which I
don't think is actually inaccurate this
investigation is driven by a desire to
get Trump out of office I would like to
get Trump out of office you know how I'd
like to do it
elections I would like an opposition
party that had a brain to come up with
powerful politically appealing idea
that the American people could get
behind and vote Trump out of office and
vote out a lot of the other in my view
repellent Republican figures who
surround him I mean Mike Pence gone I
want these guys gone okay because you're
talking about elections and having
policies that win elections but you know
elections not won by policies anymore
elections are won with memes or won with
you know Trump is a perfect American
president because he comes out with
casino industry and and he's a property
developer and he's a reality TV show
Star Casino industry they work on
persuasion and getting people to stay at
the gambling tables longer than they
should and they use subconscious you
know they attack the subconscious mind
free and so when you try this like going
to a knife fight with the with going to
a gunfight with a knife right mean
policies don't matter so but even having
said so that the opposition is trying to
out meme Trump instead of coming up with
policies but you're never gonna out meme
Trump right so how they gonna cure that
how are they gonna do given that the
Democratic Party is completely and
utterly captured by the same for the
most part by the same financial
interests that have captured the
Republican Party that is you know it's
not that they I mean that's the main
reason they can't come up with any
policy ideas because anything
interesting that would interest the
American people like Medicare for all or
free education or you know moving this
country more towards and you know you
may disagree with me I have no idea
we've never discussed politics I would
you know I believe this country has
reached a level of jungle capitalism
neoliberalism whatever you want to call
it it is utterly appalling and that we
need to move towards a more European
sort of policy ideals which are also
being eroded there too you put a pin on
that for a second but you get back to
the smaller investigation say you're
you're thought the amother investigation
is to replace Trump and do so without
the benefit of an election okay now is
this not a definition of a coup I think
it's something resembling a cougar
that's an outrageous thing to come
it's an effort to remove an elected
president who you oppose and who you
were unable to defeat at the ballot box
and are fearful that you may not be able
to defeat him the next time around
either there's just no telling the
Democrats are so unpopular
I see the much of the opposition to
Trump is illegitimate and the Muller
investigation is very very very dubious
if you allowed Muller or any prosecutor
to if you gave them the resources and
the authority and the power the mandate
to go after any major political figure
in Washington you could bring them down
they are going to find Trump a dirt on
Trump I mean I presume you know the guy
was a real estate developer I do believe
he laundered a lot of dirty money from
Russians Chinese various places I don't
think it turned him into a tool of
Vladimir Putin but you know his tax
returns you know I I don't know maybe
there's you know embarrassing
information law the Penal Code has like
60,000 laws and everyone breaks three
make commits three felonies a day
absolute average up to five right the
cops want to put you in jail now they
can anytime any day because that's the
way the law is in this country that you
are in a big trouble if you've got the
wrong people trying to put you in jail
yeah and they can do that Trump you know
Trump his response to this is that he
can't outright say there's an attempted
coup in America because that would carry
with it all kinds of bad media baggage
and he's not a he's not a dumb media guy
no but she is in a position where he has
to he has to do everything he possibly
can to say whatever he can to avoid the
word coup but what we're describing here
is that there appears to be by the
so-called deep state and I don't know if
you follow with that reasoning or not an
attempted coup going on right now in
front of our eyes oh yeah I think the
term deep state i I don't I think it's
roughly accurate it's not a term that
offends me in any way I mean it's hot
you know it pushes people's
buttons but there you know there there
are there are real bureaucrats aircrew
there the whole year you can call the
deep state or maybe there and there
maybe they're innocent of all that that
baggage we do have a ruling class of you
know that shifts a little bit you know
from time to time but you know a lot of
people are entrenched in power podesta
of the other side of the coin tell us
about I've written about mana for in
very unflattering terms over the years I
mean for twenty years as a matter of
fact my my writing about mana Ford goes
back a long long time Paul Manafort as
far as I can tell probably laundered
money
he he he probably did break various laws
Paul Manafort in my view is not a very
good guy I mean he represented over the
years some truly evil foreign countries
however when you allow Muller or a
special prosecutor like this the the
authority that they have I mean man
effort is do I
I don't doubt he broke the law but you
could go after any lobbyists in town
John Podesta included and lock them up
okay let's use the witch-hunt you
mentioned it before like in the Salem
witch hunts if they threw in the water
and you sunk and drown they to prove you
were not a witch right right so we're
saying that the laws in this town are
such that okay they can go after you at
any moment they're gonna find you guilty
of something because it's easy to do and
but that doesn't necessarily mean that
you are engaged in espionage and some
kind of cloaking that exactly and they
could have brought any mana firts crimes
predate him that the Trump campaign I
mean what he's being the alleged
wrongdoing could have been prosecuted
under Obama why wasn't it I mean
lobbyists run amok in this town all the
time I mean you could you could lock up
I mean probably this is a under estimate
two-thirds of them if you had a Muller
or any prosecutor who was looking into
their activities so Manafort again I
don't want to defend his activities but
he committed crimes I did
don't like to see to me you know if
Hillary Clinton won the election Paul
Manafort would be off sleaze Lee
representing you know this is your
garden-variety lobbyist yeah exactly
you'd be doing the exact same thing one
point I do want to make if you if I may
yeah one thing that is just shows the
ignorance of our media the absolute
ignorance of our media I mean in God if
we you know I I could go on for hours
about this longer than you want but one
thing that's really interesting is that
his representation of the Ukrainian
government is
you know invariably cited as evidence
that he was a tool of Putin's and that
you know some somehow even though the
crimes he's being charged with have
nothing to do with Russian meddling in
the election that's what the whole
investigation is off here and there you
know storm Williams is Sir McDaniels
whatever I mean fine I mean you know
should Trump have you know used his
personal attorney to pay off somebody he
had an affair with no I mean but what it
doesn't has nothing to do with Russia
gates they can investigate anything they
want but with Manafort anyway sorry I
got a little distracted there but man
efforts representation of the Ukrainian
government the unicode Yanukovych regime
it's pretty clear journalists don't know
what the hell they're talking about
I mean they're all experts on Ukraine
now I actually do know a little bit
about Ukraine I've been there I am NOT a
scholar but I am a minor student of
Ukrainian politics and mana fort was
clearly attempting to bring Yanukovych
closer to the west and move him to
further from Putin Yanukovych is a bad
guy don't get me wrong
Yanukovych wanted as far as I can tell
he wanted a quick question it was
Victoria Nuland Deputy Secretary of
America state did she yes or no engage
and be a part of a coup in Ukraine
I confess I I don't want to give a
definitive answer to that because it's
something I've read about but I don't
know what the phone talking to the
leadership is saying that guy's not our
guy we want our guy and and say the EU
could go itself and the evidence I've
seen is highly suggestive on the matter
and
fact that she is unless I'm mistaken
married to Robert Kagan who is one of
the worst of the worst neo-cons
lobbyists for Monsanto I didn't know you
was a lobbyist for Montana I believe
that's the case
he's a lobbyist for Monsanto really of
course Monsanto wants get into Ukraine
and Russia hates genetically modified
organisms Kagan this I didn't know that
last question
okay this 2016 election was affected by
social media
now they got deep platformed a lot of
people so the midterms coming up is that
gonna be impactful the way they've been
take it off the air it's hard to
determine what impact that's gonna have
directly on the midterm elections it
potentially could because they're gonna
be voices that are excluded and there
will be more of a consensus about
politics in general however the thing
that I am really alarmed about is just
this whole emergence of a fact-checking
industrial complex where we have
corporations foundations and think tanks
with very very conventional views that
are highly critical of anything outside
of the mainstream who are becoming the
fat checkers and who are excluding
points of view that are you know who's
to say that they're not legitimate I
mean you know if you happen to be too
far left or too far right you are liable
to be run off of social media the one
incident that I just saw that is just
utterly astonishing is that Facebook is
partnering with a number of institutions
and media outlets to fat check including
the weekly standard which is edited by
Bill Kristol I mean it's insane Bill
Kristol is effectively a professional
liar
I mean he advocated for the Iraq war in
one of the most dishonest in ways
promoted a bunch of lies that terrified
the American people I mean the American
war is peace I forget about that very
problem okay that's a good buy on that
Orwellian note thanks for being on the
Kaiser report thank you
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser Corey - Katherine stays here
we think our guests can some are saying
is the editor-in-chief of the Washington
Babylon comm an excellent website it's
gonna catch us on twitter it's Kaiser
report until next time bye y'all
