Beijing has announced massive terrifying
on us goods the movies retaliation for
president Trump's announcement that
Washington will slap new tariffs on a
wide range of Chinese products today I
directed the United States Trade
Representative to proceed with placing
additional tariffs on roughly 200
billion dollars of imports from China
the tariffs will take effect on
September 24 2018 and be set at a level
of 10 percent until the end of the year
On January the first the tariffs will
rise 25% the Trump administration had
already imposed two rounds of tariffs on
Chinese imports first aluminium and
steel were targeted in the summer they
were charges raised on thirty four
billion dollars worth of other Chinese
goods as well well let's go live now to
Joseph Chang political scientist at Hong
Kong University thanks for joining us
great to have you on the program sir
there's a bit of a tip for tat here
going on it shows no sign of slowing
down of things warming what do you think
is needed for this escalation to stop
well the two leaders in both countries
are facing domestic difficulties so much
so that it is rather difficult for them
to engage in the kind of rationale given
take ago she Asians now that the Donalds
from the administration has upped the
ante by imposing for the terrorists next
Monday the Chinese leaders have also
responded by saying that they will
retaliate and since Chinese exports to
the United States are about 550 billion
US dollars substantially more than US
exports to China which only amount to
about one thousand five one hundred and
fifty billion US dollars so the Chinese
side may well threaten to stop the
exports of certain intermediary in the
media path and essential material to the
American production chain as a
retaliatory measure so this certainly
means that it is rather typical to avoid
company
meets for the time being and these tit
for tat matches that you said they also
derailed the negotiations scheduled to
be held in the next field week there had
been previous negotiations between
Donald Trump and that the Chinese
premier with the American president
saying they were productive there was
progress made but really this Chinese
retaliation suggests the talks weren't
so productive after all the Americans
have clearly listed their demands which
are very comprehensive and wholesale and
as such they are not yet constructive
and concrete negotiating positions
certainly the Chinese side is expected
to make some concessions but not on a
wholesale basis and you need to engage
in in negotiations in detail so as to
hammer out a package of reasonable
concessions on the part of the Chinese
government
unfortunately the so-called trade Wars
economic disputes between the two
countries are including with him as kind
of short for leadership in the
department and in the science and
technology fields in the coming 20 to 30
years so the process that disputes will
tend to be long drawn-out although there
are still possibility of avoiding the
wholesale trade war would be very
damaging for both countries do you think
these these tariffs raises which which
Trump says they're going to be raised
from 10 to 25 percent from January the
first it's a very substantial amount
they will affect prices and trade do you
think that can still be scrapped with
negotiations or do you think they'll
remain for the long term it's entirely
possible that these terrorists can be
and may be scrapped after negotiations
after all these tariffs are not the
essential part of the situation
the P problem is that both sides should
engage in negotiations to reach
compromises to avoid a wholesale trade
war which are going to be very damaging
and of course about the pursuit for
hegemony and the competition will go on
these can also be contained and in terms
of the more global economy here I mean
we're familiar with the phrase America
sneezes and the world gets a cold these
are the world's two largest economies
China is the biggest export of pretty
much in the world how do you think this
trade war this tit for tat is going to
affect the global economy well in the
first place this will adversely affect
the the level of confidence means the
level of expectations in the global
economy now we already see that some
major developing countries are in
financial difficulties like turkey like
Athena this may well trigger a sell-off
of this of the financial asset in the
financial market and touch the people
will be much more widespread on many
developing countries basically a serious
trade war between the 30 second economy
in the world we are going to affect the
global production chains in many
countries and the general the general
impact tends to be rather at the brother
bed rather opposed Joseph Chang
professor of political science at Hong
Kong University thanks for your time
today great to get your insight on this
story
you
