on the 17th of September around 10:00
p.m. for f-16s of Israeli air forces
conducted an airstrike on Latakia with
guided aerial bombs the run into the
target was conducted at low altitude
from the side of Mediterranean Israeli
aircraft deliberately created the intro
situation for ships and aircraft in the
area bombs to drop near French frigate /
an immediate proximity to Russian u-20
which was coming in for landing aircraft
uses Neil xx as a cover putting it in
line of fire of Syrian air defense as a
result in xx with the fact of letting
area several times larger than our f-16
was down - 200 missile Israeli common
Center and pilots obviously so the
Russian airplane because it was coming
in for landing from the altitude of five
kilometers however they deliberately
conducted this setup
Russian operative command wasn't
informed by Israel about the upcoming
strike the warning came via the hotline
several minutes before the actual strike
which did not leave any room for putting
the Russian plane outside of the
dangerous zone we continued search and
rescue operation in the area we see
these provocative actions as hostile as
a result of these reckless actions 15
Russian service members died it's not up
to the spirit of our cooperation between
Russia and Israel will reserve right to
respond accordingly
