process and the philosophy behind our
foreign policy are other issues as well
but I've come to the conclusion that I
see no threat to our national security
there's no convincing evidence that Iraq
is capable of threatening the security
of this country and therefore very
little reason if any to pursue a war an
important aspect of the philosophy and
the policy that we're endorsing here is
the preemption this should not be passed
off lightly it has been done to some
degrees in the past but not so
explicitly not so much put into law that
we will preemptively strike another
nation that has not attacked us no
matter what the arguments may be this
policy is new and it will have
ramifications for our future and it will
have ramifications for the future of the
world because other countries will adopt
this same same philosophy when you go to
war through the backdoor you're more
likely to have the wars last longer and
not have a completion of the war such as
we had in Korea and Vietnam so we ought
to consider this very seriously
