meanwhile close to the city where the
fake chemical attack has allegedly been
filmed terrorist factions are still
active we received the following images
from one such place in hammer province
where civilians are constantly being
targeted by militants
we heard the roar and then there was
dust everywhere
I grabbed my daughters trying to cover
them with my body who lost an Verna I
went out to find him and saw him in the
corridor there was a pool of blood
coming from his head sawed off the Zima
cami√≥n and several days ago a rocket
landed in front of my house my mum wife
and three children died I remember how I
called home of no one picked up
the alum some people died young lady and
little girl and two teenagers also died
okay well we can talk now to an
independent journalist and writer IVA
Bartlet who's in Damascus at the moment
but has actually been to mojado the
footage we saw there
you're very welcome Eva thanks for
coming on this afternoon we know you've
been to that village can you just tell
us what you found when you were there
yes when I went there I talked to the
civil sorry the National Defense Forces
and they spoke at length about how the
village has been pummeled by missiles
from terrorists in the outskirts of my
heart a just a few kilometers away and
it's been on a daily basis over the past
many years and they've said you know
they've been suffering nobody is talking
about it and they're looking forward to
the liberation of it live because it
will ease their suffering it will it
will mean the cessation of these
terrorist attacks on it live the NDF
commander told me that 117 civilians in
this small town have been killed by such
attacks over the years and fifty two
additional syrian soldiers have been
killed and of course then on September
7th there was a major attack terrorists
fired nine grad missiles I was told six
of which which were fitted with cluster
munitions and they fired them at this
village killing 11 people and injuring
20 some of whom were critically injured
so these are the kind of things that the
media which is busy talking about
corporate media which is busy talking
about it live are completely negating
happening on a daily basis in Mohammed
day and there's a nearby village which
my colleague Vanessa Bailey went to and
I'm it's called a scale via in on
September 9th I believe that was the
latest attack by terrorist actions in
which they fired according to math
sabili 10 grad missiles on this village
so it's a similar situation where these
civilians have been suffering to the
silence of the international corporate
media sure and I know while you were
there you spoke to people didn't you
residents there let's listen to an
interview you did with a father who'd
lost his family in a terrorist shelley
I get paid to play funny patient I'd
seen him
hey Mario
obviously a very traumatic time for him
um even while you were there did you get
a sense of how often these shelling
attacks happen I noticed that he was
saying they happen continuously but is
it every day every other day can you or
is it pretty random
I would say it's more than pretty random
but maybe not every day on a near daily
basis and I talked to one man he was a
volunteer in a committee that works to
help families that have martyrs or
injured people in the families and he
was saying you know some days they
received more than 70 shells so
certainly it is a disastrous situation
and that man who I interviewed shadi
Yousef Shehadeh he lost three hits three
young children his wife and his mother
in this terraced attack and it wasn't
the first time by the way that his house
was hit it was targeted twice before and
his neighborhood in general has been
targeted ten times by such attacks what
the residents say there about the
looming battle end for ad lib
they what they say and what Syrians have
spoken with around the country on
previous visits and currently says they
want a restoration of all of Syria to
peace and they want an end to the
terrorism that's been plaguing them
whether enid lib or as we saw formerly
in eastern Bhutto before that in Aleppo
and it's their right to live in peace
and it's also their right and the Syrian
the government of Syria's right to fight
such terrorism because we're not talking
about the mythical moderate rebels we're
talking about al-qaeda we're talking
about our Cara Sean and Jason Islam and
these are terrorists that have been
torturing civilians and executing
civilians wherever they happen to occupy
so most people I've met know everybody
I've met is looking forward to the
restoration of full peace and security
in Italy the argument we hear often aver
is that you know Italy is a province of
3 million people and there are quote
only 10 to 15,000 terrorists there there
could be a huge humanitarian disaster if
there is a full onslaught from the
government how the residents feel there
are they afraid of the human cost that
could occur
if you mean residents in Italy by can't
speak for them but I'd like to note that
in each case where there's been a
pending liberation of an area occupied
by the terrorists I just mentioned we
hear such such cries such crocodile
tears from humanitarian agencies and
Western leaders in Western media and
usually the numbers are highly inflated
I cannot say personally the number of
civilians enid lib but I will recall I
will remind people that when eastern
Aleppo was being liberated even the
United Nations was saying 300,000
civilians in eastern Aleppo and in the
end it was half that number or less so
that's one point
I've note that even the Pope has joined
in this this frenzy of calls about
humanitarian crisis and he may well be
neutral but I'm concerned that his
wording didn't mention the terrorist
factions in Midland and it's the timing
of his wording particularly his call for
the use of tools of diplomacy
well the Syrian and Russian governments
have been using tools of diplomacy if
you'll recall they've opened
humanitarian corridors they've offered
amnesty and reconciliation to terrorists
who will wait lay down their weapons but
on the contrary it's these factions
within they live that are saying we will
kill any terrorist well militants rebels
have take whatever they want to call
them we will kill them if they
participate in amnesty and
reconciliation so clearly yes there's a
desire for a peaceful resolution to this
and the Syrian Russian governments have
been offering tools for such a peaceful
resolution and the other thing I'd like
to notice just I can't attest to the
numbers of different terrorist factions
in it live at the moment but we must
recall that with all the previous
reconciliations most of those who
decided not to take amnesty and go back
to their peaceful lives in Syria and
instead decided to join the foreign
terrorists they went to it live so I
believe there's a highly greater number
than simply ten thousand of these
terrorists in they live what do you lose
view sorry either on the Russian
government at the moment and the Syrian
government fearing a potential false
flag chemical attack in Italy
I think their their fears are well based
we've had a number of Western officials
declaring and basically giving the nod
to al-qaeda and other groups that if
there is a chemical attack they will
retaliate with force
so basically terror groups in a myth are
being told we have your back if you can
stage a false flag attack and then we're
going to attack Syria illegally as
they've done before in many occasions
but I think also the the note that the
Russian reconciliation center in Syria
and the Russian military have seen for
example militants transferring barrels
and canisters of chlorine to areas of it
live where it's believed a false flag
attack will occur I think that's one
important point and the Russian military
is also seeing the white helmets
involved in the delivery and the other
thing we have to recall is that children
have been kidnapped from areas of it
live and Aleppo and countryside and
again I'll refer to my colleague Vanessa
Bailey because she was just in an
Eastern it'd Lipari that was liberated
and she was speaking with a family who's
whose son was kidnapped about a year ago
and this family is very concerned that
their son will be used along with other
kidnapped children and adults in such a
false-flag staged video and she was told
that in the last year over 600 adults
and children have been kidnapped so I
think there's grounds to be very
concerned that the white helmets which
are known to be not the neutral
volunteers they they branded themselves
as and the terrorists that they
cohabitate with will staged another
false flag chemical attack mmm they even
look good to talk to you were going to
have to leave it there but that was Eva
Bartlett an independent journalist in
Damascus thank you
you
