a Facebook is under fire half the
left-wing think process website found
itself censored by conservative
fact-checkers the fake news hunt is part
of Facebook's publicly stated plan to
prevent election interference and
exercise tighter control over what users
see on their news feats news outlets
aren't the only players at risk under
this system as a legal matter Facebook
is treading on very dangerous ground by
providing no oversight of its own
fact-checking operation according to its
new policies Facebook demote articles
rated by its fact checkers as false
significantly reducing the post
distribution it would also now start
fact-checking videos and memes posted on
the platform calleb Maupin has more
Facebook's new fact-checking efforts are
going splendidly now that's a statement
that definitely would not pass their
fact checkers Facebook the social media
giant has recently begun efforts to
crack down on fake news now the result
has been a fight bigger than they could
have expected the first side to come out
swinging was the right-wing with the
President himself speaking up you look
at Google Facebook Twitter and other
social media Giants and I made it clear
that we as a country cannot tolerate
political censorship blacklisting and
rigged search results but it didn't take
too long for the left to start crying
foul with roughly the same grievances as
the right but the fake news crackdown in
which an anonymous fact checker gets to
decide what's true and what's not won't
stop with news articles at this point
Facebook is announced it's going to
start fact-checking videos as well as
photographs the reason is it's so
important is because when people come
into Facebook and they're scrolling
through their newsfeed they could see
false information in a link but they
could also see it in a photo or video
and
some cases photos or videos might be
more believable so perhaps this
crackdown on photographs is based on
allegations that somehow Russia meddled
in the 2016 election with facebook memes
but where do you draw the line what's an
obvious joke and what's considered to be
fake news let's take a look at some
social media favorites is it laughing or
lying I don't think it's possible for
any social media platform certainly not
Facebook with its track record to
actually determine fairly which news is
real and which news is fake well this
will have what's known as a chilling
effect on free speech in the United
States and there there have been very
few efforts to take this into the courts
to make this a free speech First
Amendment issue but mark my words
because of the chilling effect that this
will have on free speech this may indeed
even reach the Supreme Court so when
Facebook has someone behind a keyboard
someplace determining whether or not
your post gets suppressed they don't
just risk losing their authenticity as a
personalized platform in which users get
to represent themselves they also risk
becoming another dead dry news source
losing their sense of humor Caleb Maupin
RT New York
