the majority of French people no longer
see the United States as a reliable
partner according to a new poll which
suggests a deepening crack in
transatlantic ties that's despite what
many have dubbed the bromance between
presidents macron and Trump with more
his Charlotte dibinsky it was a
rendezvous in the city of love that
cemented a new brooding relationship to
world leaders plenty of hugs and the odd
whisper it was all in that first
handshake
previously at the g20 Matt Kahn had
cozied up to trump making a beeline for
him during the family photo or while
other world leaders looked on in
astonishment but since those are first
intimate moments it seems the
relationship has somewhat cooled we have
found sure allies friends who have come
to our aid the United States of America
is one of them the presence today of the
American president by my side is a sign
of a friendship which has stood the test
of time the partner with whom Europe had
built the order of post-war
multilateralism seems to turn his back
on this common history but could the
bromance be about to be rekindled Trump
has already confirmed he's ready for
Paris part deux with his next visit
scheduled for November and while Mackin
still seems open to a special
relationship with the US and its
president it's clear the French public
aren't a recent poll showed that only
44% of people here still see the u.s. as
an ally a partner plummeting by 33
percent since 2014 so what the Parisians
make of the u.s. a country that for so
long has been a trusted ally and who has
replaced America now our vision of
Europe and the world is quite close to
Germany's I don't have confidence in the
u.s. they don't care about France for
them it's just a way to impose their
ideas I would say Germany is the most
important French ally and England the
u.s. used to be important but not
anymore
among those who think that we'd rather
allied with Germany than with the United
States France and Germany are interested
in hearing each other to give Europe a
better future I think that the most
important ally on the political level is
Germany today France and the USA are in
divergence I'm Pro American I travel to
the yes very often but it's true that
the French in general are not very
favorable of the US but mostly they are
not against the people but against the
government and the American president
Donald Trump fares only worse it takes
decisions that are
reasonable and scaring me a little bit
he attracts everything which is not good
he creates tensions he only thinks about
himself not about his people or
neighbors no I'm not in favor of him but
we need to recognize that his politics
protect the American economy he's very
disrespectful toward everyone his met
even presidents he's not a good person
makan isn't faring a lot better than
Trump when it comes to winning over the
French but now he has a double charm
offensive to deal with his own people
and the US president charlotte Dubinsky
RT Paris
you
