now the Russian anti-doping agency could
be reinstated it's been suspended since
2015 amid allegations of state-backed
cheating it comes after the compliance
review committee of the world
anti-doping agency recommended it is
brought back the final decision though
will be made following a vote on
Thursday the CRC reviewed at length a
letter from the Russian Ministry of
sport to water and was satisfied that
this letter sufficiently ignored the
issues identified in Russia
therefore fulfilling the first of the
two outstanding criteria a resada z'
roadmap to compliance it is important
for us to reinstate resada at the next
water executive meeting we await the
decision on september 20th with hope
believe me we did everything that we
could and we are ready to further
cooperate with our foreign partners to
continue to work in this direction and
follow common rules which are equal for
all well when it was suspended why they
gave Russia a list of commitments to win
reinstatement the majority of which it
says Russia has now fulfilled a key
point though has been a lack of access
to data and samples stored in the Moscow
lab the world anti-doping agency now
says that the offer of access to an
independent expert would meet its
criteria however the major sticking
point in the roadmap of compliance has
always been the report by Richard
McClaren stating that Russia ran a
state-sponsored doping scheme the list
has called for Russia to acknowledge its
complicity in doping Russia though
denies such a state program ever existed
but has admitted there was widespread
doping and there were issues with its
anti-doping system so here's a look at
the allegations the damming McLaren
reports on alleged state-sponsored
doping in Russia has led to many
athletes being stripped of their medals
and others prevented from taking part in
major events including the Olympics
however a few things in the report just
don't add up
before we break them down it's worth
noting that the International Olympic
Committee itself was not satisfied with
the evidence
in a letter to Richard McClaren the IOC
asked for more conclusive proof the
document was covered with the phrase how
to demonstrate next to almost every
athletes name
moreover it was admitted by wada that in
many cases the evidence provided may not
be sufficient to bring successful cases
dr. Richard MacLaren's findings were
issued in two parts they claimed that
over a thousand Russian athletes were
involved in a state-sponsored doping
program let's meet the report star
witness Grigory Rodchenko the former
head of a Moscow anti-doping lab who's
facing charges over destroying tests
samples and the emails presented as
proof of state involvement come from his
own computer Russian sports officials
denied the allegations but did Richard
McClaren consider to get their side of
the story I made a decision that forthe
57 days to do my work I didn't have the
time and they didn't seem to have the
interest so I didn't do that that came
after the first part of the report
issued in July 2016 the second came six
months later so the investigative team
did eventually meet with some Russian
officials but not Vitaly Mutko
the sports minister at the time of the
alleged undercover doping scheme the
central allegation of MacLaren's report
is that positive urine samples were
systematically swapped for clean ones on
top of that it describes how salt and
Nescafe granules were added to clean
samples to make them match dirty ones
and trick the testers that information
came courtesy of Rodchenko another
question this raises how do you swap the
samples of a high-security bottle which
is Swiss manufacturer guarantees can't
be tampered with Richard McLaren doesn't
have an answer on how the Russians did
it he just says it can be done and
that's enough I've seen it I've seen it
done and I've inspected it and
it can be done in it can be reinserted
we don't know how the Russians did it
but we know that it can be done but
despite all the questions and doubts
over MacLaren's evidence Russian
athletes are being punished on an
unprecedented scale I hope that we will
be able to see some evidence for what
they're being punished and that is not
that there are some marks on the bottles
because then I will be terribly afraid
of giving samples meanwhile
international authorities as well as
athletes have lashed out over the
possibility of rusada being reinstated
even dubbing it a catastrophe earlier my
colleague Neil Harvey discussed the
details with RT sport correspondent
Alexia asking I suppose anybody's guess
at this stage what's your opinion how do
you think this is gonna play out it's
not set in stone obviously because the
opposition has been very vocal and has
been a lot of opposition to the Russian
reinstatement were within wada
particularly from the US anti-doping
agency frankly it stinks to high heaven
wada should stop the sleight-of-hand and
release the new compliance review
committee recommendation as well as any
information received from russia now
showing they are compliant also the UK
anti-doping agency came out with
statements and even letters to wada and
even a clip a video clip that they
posted on twitter
basically urging water not to take this
u-turn there is a water boat taking
place on the 20th of September which is
critical to the future of clean sport
get behind hashtag no Yuto murder thank
you do not you turn on the Russian
roadmap do not fail
all athletes across the world protect
clean sport I think they want to make
sure this statement that they've
attached over the last three years
sticks and in other words you know even
though Russia will be allowed back into
sport they want to make sure that every
time any commentator on any radio or TV
station anywhere in the world mentions a
Russian athlete they say they made
mention of the fact that they deserve
three years in exile because of doping
violations in reality of course every
sporting nation on the planet is engaged
in some kind
doping violation it's just that they've
been a bit cleverer about it the Russia
or that Russia has simply been singled
out as the kind of scapegoat which would
be my idea frankly but at the moment
we're not about to go into that we're
about to deal with the facts as they
confront us and I think we will know the
truth seven days from now but my feeling
is that Russia will be reinstated
you
