taya Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report the show that takes you down a
rabbit hole abandons you you get beat up
we don't care see max we are in
Washington DC because we are refugees
from hurricane Florence which is hitting
North Carolina where we normally reside
and do this show but here we are in
Washington DC the swamp is truly drained
here because it seems everybody else
this left town for fear of hurricane
Florence it is also the 10-year
anniversary of the great financial
crisis and the collapse of Lehman
Brothers which many in the mainstream
media say that set it all off but really
it all started before them the financial
crisis I want to look at a op-ed that
the New York Times published on behalf
of Ben Bernanke Hank Paulson and Timothy
Geithner remember when Lehman Brothers
collapsed Timothy Geithner was the head
of the New York Fed which is really the
Federal Reserve Bank of America Ben
Bernanke was the head of the Federal
Reserve Bank and hank paulson was a
Treasury secretary and they let Lehman
collapse and then came to the rescue of
all their friends well they wrote an
op-ed about basically concern trolling
that there could be another financial
crisis and first pointing out how much
they as you know Federal Reserve Bank
Chairman and people involved in that
helped rescue the system back then they
said although we and other financial
regulators did not foresee the crisis
the kaisers report foresaw the crisis I
might add we moved aggressively to stop
it acting in its traditional role as
lender of last resort the Federal
Reserve provided massive quantities of
short-term loans to financial
institutions facing runs while cutting
interest rates nearly to zero the
Treasury Department stopped Iran on
money market funds by providing a
backstop for investors the Treasury also
managed to take over the mortgage giants
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and worked
with a Fed to try to prevent the
collapse of large systemically important
financial firms the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation guaranteed bank
debt and protected depositors by the way
the title this up it is called what we
need to fight the next financial crisis
right well the key phrase there is they
run on money market hmm so in a
functioning economy there's no such
thing as they run
on a money market you have trade you
have business you have an economy and
it's a zero-sum game unless there's
something amiss unless you have a bad
actor who is issuing uncollateralized
receipts into the economy unless you
have a bad actor that's printing bogus
claims that Koff bogus trading that
caused huge wealth concentrations and
corruption of power by being funded by
these bogus claims that bad actor would
be the Federal Reserve those bogus
claims would be the US dollar the
enabler would be Obama's friend Timothy
Geithner the enabler would be one of the
biggest crooks of the century Ben
Bernanke they are worried that if there
is another crisis their paper claims
uncollateralized unpacked Ponzi scheme
that is the u.s. dollar in the US
government will be forced to make good
on these false claims that they print by
there's 37 billion paper receipts bills
printed every day 37 billion bills
dollars $5 bills $10 bills 25 a 100-hour
bills 37 billion of those are printed
every day there there's no backing
there's no collateral there io u--'s
against a system that has 22 or 21 22
trillion in death not including the the
Medicare Medicaid Social Security that
would give it a hundred 150 trillion in
debt yeah but let's go back to the 2008
financial crisis and the collapse of
Lehman Brothers of one thing you
mentioned the uncollateralized part you
know the ordinary American does get
blamed for it the subprime borrower but
in fact if it had just been the subprime
borrowing and you Smith who wrote it
conned and she has Naked Capitalism calm
pointed out that it wasn't that had it
just been those mortgages of subprime
mortgages defaulting in a normal banking
system and a normal financial system
that would have just caused the hit
similar to the savings and loan crisis a
little bit worse but contained what
really happened where the CDs and all
the basically the paper claims on top of
it so Wall Street had created four to
five times the economy of the United
States in short positions and and
synthetic shorts and well you mentioned
the savings and loan crisis yeah okay so
the savings and loan crisis was an
example of paper claims being created
that had no way of being covered it was
a counterfeiting scheme a Ponzi scheme
where job john mccain rested we talked
about this a weeks ago so 1,500 bankers
went to jail yeah because they committed
fraud now what happened after the
savings and loan crisis is banking
reform yes and what used to be illegal
printing fraudulent paper claims was
made legal yes which gave us a 2008
crisis yes a repeat four times bigger
okay but nobody went to jail
nobody went to jail no no okay we're
gonna go into that because right now
resistance is celebrated and there's
like an anonymous person in the White
House who's releasing resistance op-eds
also to the New York Times but there's
also another recent piece we're not
going to go into that but people should
look it up and it's talking about the
resistance that was in the White House
under Obama and that was Timothy
Geithner because he move from the New
York Fed to the Treasury and he was in
the Obama White House and on in March of
20 2009 Barack Obama did finally he did
he was resistant to this but he did
finally approve the breakup of Citibank
not many people know this but in fact
what happened is Timothy Geithner
slow-walked it he didn't want to break
up Citibank he wanted to rescue his
friends on Wall Street and in fact he he
defied the he was the resistance within
the White House and he proved he did not
bail he did not break up Citibank
instead we have what we have today but
he and Timothy Geithner Ben Bernanke and
Hank Paulson wrote this op-ed in the New
York Times and basically what they're
saying that is the problem right now is
when this next financial crisis hit
Congress has removed the power for
unlimited bailouts so he's he's saying
we need that power for unlimited
bailouts no matter what now Matt Stoller
who who writes often and we cover him
often he writes on
monopolies and he has an interesting
take on what this op-ed that Timothy
Geithner Ben Bernanke and Hank Paulson
wrote and he says the basic lie of
Geithner Paulson Bernanke is the
argument that now regulators have no
bailout authority leave aside the
various misleading elements here yes
they do they just have to ask Congress
which is the most democratic branch of
government they are arguing against
democracy they are angry the people have
some formal check on their right to do
whatever they want during a crisis there
couching this in terms of the need to
stem panics they're pretending an attack
on democracy as a technical point it is
not so what they were arguing they were
using the pages of the New York Times
op-ed to argue that you know we have too
much democracy we shouldn't allow the
people to have any say in the unlimited
bailout of banks in the next crisis no
okay what Bernanke Geithner and who's
the third clown there Bernanke Geithner
and Paulson and Paulson Hank Paulson who
who who warned all his friends I go went
before Congress and shut down and its
crash the market that turf this is an
admission of guilt
this op ed Payson in the New York top
headpiece they're saying the crisis
we're guilty
we had no constraint and we printed
seventeen trillion dollars of bogus
claims that are on back we just printed
them out of thin air there's nothing to
back them to bailout our friends mm-hmm
that's an admission of guilt if they're
not prosecuted now after admitting the
crime if I go to the court and I say
guess what I murdered somebody and the
court says go away we don't we don't
we're not a crime anymore
okay so Geithner and Paulson and
Bernanke they think of all the hardship
think of the poverty think of the opiate
crisis because if people have lost their
homes people dying in the street queuing
up those guys put the needle in their
arm and they killed those people and
they admitted it in the New York Times
and now there's no prosecution there's
no rule of law there's no law and this
is a country this this America there's
no rule of law okay so let's get away
with murder he concludes on this a
Twitter stream that there are many ways
to do bailouts but the Obama bailout did
stop a depression it stopped a new deal
and that's what Bernanke Geithner
Paulson are after that's what they got
we needed to stem the panic we did not
need to rob the middle class to reward
their cronies so as you're saying this
is this is his way of saying what you're
saying is that they did Rob the middle
class and Timothy Geithner is and
Paulson and Bernanke
are saying that they save the system
well there are many ways to save the
system there are ways to do the bailout
this should be discussed and said like
all our public discussions are nonsense
is no way to say the system is for other
countries to get out of the dollar
collapse there are citizens of America
and we are in DC on so let's move on
let's move on to the next headline which
is about JP Morgan the biggest bank in
America and they also received the
biggest bailout because you know they
were the biggest bank in America with
the biggest derivatives book JP Morgan
is thinking pitchforks and fed stock
buying in the next financial crash so if
you thought the US outlook could not get
any more dystopian think again JP Morgan
Chase issued a report earlier this week
to mark the 10th anniversary of the 2008
Wall Street crash and provide its
outlook for what's ahead JP Morgan
suggests that the next financial crash
may be so cataclysmic that the Federal
Reserve may have to enter the market to
buy up stocks something which the
central bank has never done before in
the US or at least acknowledged doing
because stock ownership is heavily
skewed to the 1% JP Morgan then goes on
to write that this may be controversial
in light of the potential impact of
central bank actions and driving
inequality between assets owners and
labor so we as you we've seen for the
past 10 years wealth and income gap has
skyrocketed in America based on the the
bailout that Timothy Geithner Hank
Paulson and Ben Bernanke were allowed to
orchestrate and conduct it was a panic
situation so in panic and crises moods
and disaster capitalism they're able to
like move without any discussion there
were there was never a discussion to
bail out all the mortgage holders to
keep those mortgage holders in their
home over a million Americans lost their
homes
and the bankers were bailed out so now
we're already seeing that the op-ed in
the New York Times there's no you know
somebody from Occupy Wall Street is not
able to have a counter op-ed in The New
York Times saying dudes like let's let
them fail this time and because if we're
having another crisis it means that no
no no no no Jamie Dimon is saying that
there's another crisis coming yes and
he's putting a gun to the White House
head and saying you have to buy our
stock to preserve my bonus because I'm
Jamie Dimon and I'm a king and you're
just clubs you're the serfs you're the
scum he's saying ok saying that right
now
he's pre-loading his crime he's
pre-loading his crime and let this is
them I'm gonna read you he's getting
away with it I'm gonna read you the
actual words written by JP Morgan right
here these are the words of JP Morgan
the next crisis is also likely to result
in social tensions similar to those
witnessed 50 years ago in 1968 in 1968
TV and investigative journalism provided
a generation of baby boomers access to
unfiltered information on social
developments such as Vietnam and other
proxy wars civil rights movements income
inequality etc similar to 1968 the
Internet today social media leaked
documents Kaiser report they don't write
that but I add that provides Millennials
with unrestricted access to information
on a surprisingly similar range of
issues so they're saying that the
internet may make it the next financial
crisis and when the you know the US
Federal Reserve and Congress comes to
our rescue again and even starts buying
our stock so that we're always made
whole the internet basically they're
suggesting the internet should be
monitored that maybe Twitter might be
dangerous in this situation if people
can speak if people can gather if people
can know the truth about what's
happening right exactly so in 1968 was
it was a seminal year yes if people
won't they will rise up again well we'll
see because they're on heroin
hey we got to take a break but when we
come back more fun
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to ken
Silverstein he's the founder editor and
CEO of washington babylon dot-com
contributing editor of vice and
washington babylon columnist at the
observer ken great to have you on thank
you
alright now the reason we have you on
Canada is because in 2011 you wrote a
piece for salon.com about the neocons
pushing for a new Cold War and it's
getting a lot of attention today fear
looks like it was wonderfully president
now those neocons of 2011 have got their
Cold War 2.0 and so talk about that a
little bit get going well I mean this is
really a continuation of more than a
half century of an aggressive American
foreign policy
we always need an enemy for a variety of
reasons one is because of the enormous
influence of the military-industrial
complex which is you know let's face it
I mean if there's a war they make bucks
and there is also a foreign policy
establishment that deeply deeply
believes in the idea of American
exceptionalism which I find an
extraordinarily offensive idea the idea
that this country has some principle
some standing some stature that is
greater than any other country on the
planet
of course it's what every empire in
history is promoted as its ideology that
we are the you know rulers because we
are the best and so you you have this
this belief in the right of the United
States to dominate the world financially
and militarily if necessary it's it's
great I mean it's been great it's it
seems to me that this system is petering
out I mean we're reaching the end of the
American Century very clearly but you
know is it it's benefited in some ways
US citizens because our wealth is in
some
I very much derive from the control we
exert over other parts of the world
certainly in the oil industry we know
keep gas cheap with our invasion of Iraq
and all these other countries and
controlling that whole market Britain I
get that there's a military-industrial
complex I get that the war is America's
number one industry and I get that we
make a lot of money selling arms and
promoting war walk me through though
because you know your piece really kind
of predicted the Cold War 2.0 because at
the time it seemed like Russia was not
going to be a threat at at all that the
the collapse of 1989 period in 1990 you
know the u.s. basically meddled in the
elections over there they put Boris
Yeltsin in under Clinton who called him
his guy in Washington the Time magazine
ran a cover story bragging about how
they manipulated this election and now
what was in Russia and so but it's
purely as though they weren't gonna be
much of a threat there but when did this
new Cold War thing kick in was it I mean
I can think of a couple of points that
kind of jog people into thinking like
this but what was the Crystal point that
was like aha
it's back to Cold War's back to Russia
as the enemy can point that's a really
good question and I'm gonna try can
pinpoint that moment I mean I do believe
that as a necessary component of foreign
policy the United States seeks to be it
needs enemies to put it simply I mean in
order to justify the insane military
budget and various insane in my view and
certainly not very successful foreign
policy adventures Afghanistan Iraq Yemen
which we are deeply involved in on and
on and on let me ask you this you got a
guy named Bill Kristol
right now it wasn't too long ago that
the Liberals in America were talking
about bloody bill bill kristol neocon
he's a guy he's just he's a war monger
and now he's being lauded by the lefties
he goes on Rachel Maddow in these shows
and he's he's considered to be a
hero amongst what do you make of that
it's an astonishing fact I mean crystal
was one of the leading proponents of the
Iraq war everything he and his neocon
colleagues who promoted that war for
everything they predicted was
catastrophic Alire Ong I mean this has
to rank is one of the worst foreign
policy adventures for lack of a better
term in American history the idea that
this guy is now even I mean he you know
he shouldn't be allowed on TV I mean the
guy has it's not an exaggeration to say
he has blood on his hands as one of the
primary architects of that war a lot of
how fast I can Rachel Maddow be how can
she go from being this make this
180-degree turn and now is it it is a
pure venality is it just she's purely a
corrupt and has no integrity whatsoever
and we shouldn't expect that in American
media anymore well we definitely
shouldn't expect it the American media
anymore I mean if you know over the last
few years we've watched this absolute
degradation over the last twenty years
but over the last few years in
particular but know it's this part is
easy to explain it's Trump derangement
syndrome Bill Kristol
and a lot of other people who liberals
and even some lefties would normally
shun in in in in in disgust you know
people like James clapper you know
Brennan I mean these former senior
intelligence officials who were deeply
implicated in the catastrophic and
immoral war on terror quotes let me put
that in quotes and some really hideous
policies net you know NSA surveillance
torture these people have been
rehabilitated because in the eyes of the
quote resistance the enemy of my enemy
is my friend and there is a desperate
effort to bring down Trump however it's
done I mean there's an attempt to get
him out of office whether it's
impeachment or forcing him to resign or
Muller setting a perjury trap for him to
but which I have to frankly say you know
that's a real risk because
has a very difficult time telling the
truth but the fact is this whole scandal
originated from a fraudulent narrative
which was that the truck in my view
fraudulent that the Trump campaign
openly and actively colluded with
Vladimir Putin that has never been
proven I don't think it is ever going to
be proven because I think it is false
but because of this hysteria an
obsession with removing Donald Trump
from office all of these people have
been rehabilitated and dredged up again
as foreign policy experts even though a
guy like crystal has you know I can't
think of a figure in recent American
times who has been wrong so often and so
catastrophically wrong with such utterly
horrible consequences I do want to say
that I am NOT a fan of Vladimir Putin I
you know this is in no way this is the
danger we are in now in this
ideologically terrible dangerous time of
narrow narrow thinking people are
incapable of holding two thoughts in
their head at the same time I believe
that Donald Trump I am NOT a fan of
Trump's I oppose many many of his
policies I find them a pourraient
I mean his policies on immigration to me
are absolutely horrifying that tax cuts
I oppose whatever you got it you can't
impeach a president because you don't
like him I mean the right-wing tried to
do that with Obama and now the lefty we
didn't even say laughs that'll sort of
liberal spectrum of American politics
this is 8 you know Trump is a guy
they're not comfortable with I
understand that in a sense he's not a
member of the club they don't like him
Hillary Clinton would have been a better
steward of capital and they tried to
stop him from becoming president and
since then they have tried to they tried
to block him from taking office I don't
think it's an exaggeration to say I know
for a fact that immediately after the
election a group of very very wealthy
donors got together Democratic donors
got together and conspired to come up
with a plan to either block Trump from
taking office or to impeach him let me
ask you this about Trump would it be
fair to say and
observation that Donald Trump has a
worldview that skews toward peace and
then talk a little bit about that
because my question is that it seems
that they're not really against Trump is
that they're against peace I don't
entirely agree with you there
I mean I understand your perspective I
believe that Trump has views that are
very unpopular and run fundamentally
opposed to mainstream American foreign
policy views
he's anti-nato he's expressed views on
NATO that are very very scary to that
foreign policy concern for a second
because okay the the mandate for NATO of
course you know was not to push East
yeah and and and sit on the border of
Russia great I think Russia I think
rightfully is quite nervous about that
because even during the World War two
they didn't have Germans you know parked
up right on their frickin border yeah
you know Berlin was quite a ways away so
you know this is not obviously if Russia
start parked a bunch of tanks on the
mexico-us border or the canadian-us
border
I'm sure Americans I mean that's
rightfully would be upset I would be
upset and not only that the media would
be outraged about the appalling actions
of Russia the war provocation so NATO is
a completely disenfranchised itself it's
just it has it has overstepped the
bounds of what it was created for it's
really hard to understand what they even
existed it exists for one simple reason
it says it's a racketeering operation to
continue to sell American weapons abroad
it is a useless organization it should
have been disbanded I'm ok ok
NATO put in that for a second khaki are
we just talking about NATO you're saying
that the your Trump's view on NATO is
that if I may say for my understanding
is that it's bloated unneeded archaic
institution that we can
reform or get rid of right so you're
kind of seeming are you agree with that
or not agree with that I just I think
Trump is being moved in very different
directions by various factions within
his administration and so I don't tell
you and that is why I would not say that
I believe he is a man of peace I think
that I do believe that that quote
resistance the Rachel Maddow's the you
know the this this broad you know I mean
everybody from John McCain became a
resistance warrior I mean for God's sake
and clearly John McCain is a man of war
he was there's no question about mom mom
arrest yeah you can't be bored out of
our mouth those bomb he weed war kill
that was John McCain he unforunately
monster there's no question about it and
the fact that he died should not make us
create some mythology about him but in
any event I do hate for a second second
yeah just getting good continue it but
we got stick goodbye for now we'll talk
again in another segment but thanks for
being on this segment
thank you that's gonna do it for this
edition of the Kaiser report with me max
Kaiser and Stacy every want to think our
guests can silverstein founder editor
chief of the Washington Babylon comm do
you want to catch us on twitter it's
Kaiser report the next time bye al
you
