new pictures released by the US Army to
appear to inadvertently expose a much
larger French military role in Syria
than previously thought a French army
vehicle can't be seen in the background
of a photo in dear de saw where the u.s.
is fighting what's left of Islamic state
terrorists in the area the image though
it was quickly deleted Charlotte
dibinsky with more details well we know
that the US Army released this
photograph on Wednesday to show it's
special operation Joint Task Force on
the ground in Syria in this particular
region
adir azure but what eagle-eyed members
of the public clearly spotted was a
French military vehicle in the
background now people have said they're
sure that it's a French military bit of
vehicle because this particular type of
vehicle is only used by French and Saudi
Arabian forces and Saudi Arabian forces
are not on the ground in this particular
region now what it showed is that
military vehicle in the background and
what's really interesting about this is
that the French government the French
military has never acknowledged that it
has French troops on the ground in this
particular area of Syria now we do know
that this area is where the us-backed
fighters have been battling against
jihadists and we also know that France
has been part of a us-led coalition
which has been conducting air operations
over Syrian airspace over the last few
years but in particular it's been aiding
Kurdish forces on the ground as they
fight against isil or daesh forces now
and we know that France has pledged in
the past full support to keep Syrian
Kurds on the ground the president
assured the Syrian democratic forces of
the French support in particular for the
stabilization of the security zone in
the northeast of Syria within the
framework of an inclusive and balanced
governance to prevent any resurgence of
ISIL while seeking for a political
solution to the Syrian conflict
well that support from the French
military has been vague as to what it
actually means and what the context of
that support actually is and there is
actually a question of the legality of
the French
the US troops being in Syria at all of
course they do not have a UN mandate to
be there and they do not have permission
from the Syrian government to be there
we also know that France has repeatedly
warned that if it believes a chemical
attack has taken place it will seek
retribution and retaliation for such an
attack on Syrian grant so now with their
troops seemingly absolutely on the
ground in this area that nobody has
acknowledged previously perhaps France
is raising an even bigger warning flag
you
