the founder of the walk away campaign
Brandon's tracker found himself banned
from Facebook this week it came after he
announced an interview with the
controversial Infowars media platform
the ban however was then lifted shortly
afterwards the walk away is a viral
campaign on Facebook encouraging liberal
Americans to leave the Democratic Party
the movement involves over 180 thousand
members to Brandon striker at old RT the
suspension devastated his ability to
reach his audience to lose my platform
that way is devastating and essentially
I think that what they're trying to do
is to sabotage they'll walk away March
on Washington
using this Infowars word as the catalyst
to do it why should I be banned from
using my social media platform for using
the word Infowars I wasn't even state I
wasn't stating an opinion
I wasn't being controversial I wasn't
being provocative I was literally
alerting the members of my group that I
was about to do an interview on a
website
Alaine firewalls is a site run by the
controversial radio host Alex Jones it
racked up more than one and a half
billion views on YouTube
however the platform was repeatedly
criticized for promoting conspiracy
theories and especially using hate
rhetoric Donald Trump has previously
expressed support for Alex Jones yet
various social networks banned him and
his media outlet for violating their
policies twitter recently announced he
was being banned permanently I think
that Facebook is using its policies
completely inconsistently because these
bans and blocks and suppression only
seem to affect people on the right they
seem to only affect conservatives they
never seem to have any impact on
liberals or people on the left I never
see them getting banned or suppressed
it's time for action and to push for
freedom of speech I mean this is what
this is really about with our
suppressing free speech
you
