hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things to consider
I'm Peter Lavelle with the advent of the
trump presidency much has been said
about America's cultural wars even a new
civil war the country is clearly divided
but Trump didn't do this on his own
there are two Americas now and both
coexist
I'm stocking America divided I'm joined
by my guest Steve mouths burger in New
York he's a conservative political
commentator in Alexandria we have
Gregory Coakley he is author of
sovereignty in the 21st century and
crisis for identity cultures nation
states and civilizations and in
Williamsburg we cross whoo Andrew Langer
he is president of the Institute of
Liberty as well as host of the Andrew
Langer show on WBAL in Baltimore
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in anytime
you want and I always appreciate it
Gregory let me go to you first in
Alexandria you your books at least the
title sound very enticing and it gives
me the sense that you have kind of a
broad view of history here is what we
experiencing now the cultural divisions
and and Wars in America is this
something new is it an extension of
something something uniquely new and
whatever your answer is why go ahead
Gregory and Alexandra well it's it's not
new this is a cyclic or phenomenon
throughout human history we've seen the
movements of society going on eternally
but what we do see is when there's a
massive shift in the global strategic
architecture or regional strategic
architecture people tend to panic they
circle the wagons and they gather around
their special interest groups and the
special interest groups which we see
generally emerging throughout civilized
history our urban groups and rural
groups and that's what's happening again
now we saw with the end of the Cold War
and we started to see some changes in
the global strategic architecture the
the question of urbanization and
globalization became critical with the
wealth which we saw growing after World
War two we saw massive freedom to move
freedom to buy and no need to regard
national interests sovereignty or the
protection of trade routes the
protection of one's own national
enterprises whether they're in dust
agricultural but as things start to get
a little more tense and uncertain
economically and politically people say
start to to rally around and the urban
globalist utopianist if you like want to
keep the old girl days going where we
saw 70 years or so unfettered growth and
that's now that's now over so we're
inevitably going back to an age of
nationalism where people circle the
wagons or to say and and look at their
own people okay Steve but that's a very
broad answer to a very broad phenomenon
there but with the advent of Donald
Trump there's been a rejection of much
of what Gregory just said and the
current elites that control the media
academia Hollywood I can go on and on
they are rejecting this pushback and I
think that's where you get the sparks
that you see with these cultural
tensions in the United States
unfortunately and that's why I asked
Gregory I mean is this something new
well is this something new because I
haven't in my lifetime at least seen
this kind of tension before go ahead
Steve well I think what's what's new is
that you now have one side not only
committing the violence in these in this
culture war if you will but also
condoning the violence that's being
committed you have the media giving the
okay and you have elected officials
almost calling for and condoning when it
happens the violence we have people with
Trump hats and Trump shirts and Trump
paraphernalia being attacked at a
Broadway play the other day someone held
up a Trump banner in the front row
during the curtain call the actor
reached down took it crumpled it up
threw it away stealing the man's
property he got applause for it he
tweeted out afterward I'm not
apologizing we have a congressional
candidate in California the other day a
Republican who was almost stabbed by a
guy ranting anti Trump you know garbage
and the media and that says nothing the
Democrats don't condemn it it's
incumbent upon leadership of elected
officials to say violin
is unacceptable always but they don't so
we have the left with an Tifa and on
college campuses where conservative
speakers can't talk if violence is
becoming accepted and with people like
Cuomo and Don Lemon on CNN they
rationalize the violence and Jenny as
long as it's moral it's okay this is
unprecedented dangerous stuff
Andrew how did we get to this place okay
because you know I think that you know a
lot of people want to point all the
blame on on Trump well he certainly
doesn't help the matter once in a while
I would say but this has been building
up this has been building up for quite a
long time I would say you know we had
the Tea Party movement and then we had
the advent of Trump I mean this is a
phenomenon that is gaining traction here
and I would have to agree with Steve is
that the liberal media's been has
abdicated any kind of moral
responsibility because I see a train
wreck right ahead of us
go ahead Andrew well there are two
things that are going on and I want a
Djinn off of a point that Greg made
which is about this sort of separation
between rural interests and urban
interests and the founding fathers in
the United States recognize this they
recognize that the populous urban
centers were going to have very
different priorities in rural America
and so in our constitutional Republican
structure that we have in this country
we created this balancing of interests
for instance why we have an electoral
college where no matter how small the
state is they're guaranteed a certain
number of votes and it's very
interesting if you then push that into
the modern parlance we've seen over the
last 70 years or so an erosion a real
lack of interest in understanding why we
have this separation of powers why we
have this balancing of interest and some
of it files up and this is gonna sound
very obscure but in things like the
folks who are pushing to get rid of the
electoral college and so you got you
know that going on as well as the great
migration sort of shifting things as
well as institutions within government
trying really to change this thing and
and dictate policy and policies to
people who live in these rural states
the same time we had a good 70 years
where journalism was truly objective
journalism you know you reach back in a
history and you know that the the
printed press was largely partisan was
largely one-sided it was used for
political propagandizing purposes and
really in the early part of the 20th
century this changed and for a good 50
60 70 years you had journalists who are
trying to be objective they would tell
you the facts they would call balls and
strikes in terms of who was doing what
in terms of the the powerful part of the
world but now we really have seen the
media throwing itself in with one side
over another exactly when I were just
talking about this yeah you know you get
Gregory because I'm watching MSNBC and
CNN I've never over the last two years
particularly I haven't seen any calls
calling balls and strikes at all okay
because there are no facts here but
Gregory what it's different here and I
think it's very dangerous and I
appreciate what Andrew had to say about
using referencing the Constitution that
sound may sound banal to some people but
that's a starting point for us all but
we're at a point now where if you have a
different point of view it's an
illegitimate point of view and it is a a
it is not a moral a position to take and
that that is really really dangerous
that means you can't disagree shut up
and nod that's a dangerous place to be
go ahead Gregory well absolutely and
look at the first UN General Assembly
speech by President Trump he mentioned
the word sovereignty nineteen times yet
exactly a year before President Obama
devoted his entire speech in Konnor
distinction to absolutely
campaigning against sovereignty now
nothing could have showed the difference
between these two eras more dramatically
than that and yet this was not this
discrepancy where this difference was
not noted by the US media or the global
media at all but what we were seeing was
the world moving to the new era and the
new era is nationalism that's not to say
that globalism will not return again but
what we're seeing globally look at the
brexit
you look at the hungry issued we are
seeing emerging these day this is all
about people returning to identity and
identity around things which they know
they value there
in the United States the Constitution
that the flag is a symbol that bill of
rights and so on Declaration of
Independence these are all critical
elements to modern u.s. identity which
overlay the the smaller if you like
countries of origin interests in the
country but we see that in Australia
Canada throughout Europe we're seeing it
now in the Horn of Africa this this rush
back to nationalism and in 1990 1991
when the Cold War collapsed I said that
the countries which go back to their
national core first will be the ones
which move fastest towards strategic
dominance and the Russians did that when
they finally were able to overthrow the
Soviet Union and the the Chinese
themselves reinvented themselves as a
national so we're looking at this
incredible movement and and this the
pace of this movement scares people it
scares the people in cities particularly
in the United States it certainly scares
the elites okay
Steve you know I in a number of these
okay Trump's a racist you hear that all
the time in liberal media but I and
listen he's a dog whistle but it seems
to me that you know liberal media is a
dog whistle they everything is racist
racist racist racist I mean it I I I'm
dumbfounded by that is that because I
have nothing else to say go ahead Steve
racist Nazi authoritarian you name it
that's what Donald Trump is and and and
I do want to go back to condoning and
you brought up morality you know and
again I hate to harp on this but Chris
Cuomo in prime time on CNN said that
it's not violence is is viewed the same
under the in the eyes of the law
violence if you attack someone it's bad
in the eyes of the law but if you have
the moral high ground if you're
attacking Nazis if you're
attacking the bad guy it's viewed
differently it's not so bad now I would
like to ask Chris Cuomo this he's a
stout the own staunch liberal I'd like
to say hey what if we the the pro-life
movement were to view abortion doctors
in women's acylation as baby killers and
they attacked them
what would you say you'd say okay well
that's tough okay let me but that's your
opinion
let me when you start to see if I gotta
go to a break I gotta jump in here we're
gonna go to a break and after that no
break we'll continue our discussion on
America divided stay with her okay let
me go back to Andrew in the wonderful
city of Val Williamsburg one of my
favorite in America who's pushing this
here okay because you know one can make
the name the claim and it would be true
if you read Donald Trump's tweets you
know when he's on the stump and he's
full of himself and he could deliver
some real barnburners I mean he's
amazingly talented person in that regard
and then we have these n Taif apeople we
have the liberal media I think Steve is
absolutely right that they there's an
omission of morality when they discuss
about these things here who is driving
this most and what can be done is there
an antidote to start slowing this down
because I'm worried just like Steve said
that maniac in California he didn't know
how to run I use his own switchblade we
could have had a dead candidate very
easily go ahead Andrew well I mean this
gets into this issue of if the shooting
at the Congressional softball practice
didn't give the Democrats pause and sort
of have them step back from the abyss
I'm not sure what the next step is I
think you know we've have we have
another couple of elections I think some
of it depends on whether or not Donald
Trump runs again not that he is the
reason for this you know but but the but
the idea is he certainly becomes a to
use a phrase in recent memory a
loadstone in all of this sort of an
environment I want to go back to
something that both Greg and Steve
touched on which is this issue though of
calling your opponents immoral if you
don't believe what you believe this is
probably the
this problem that's here and I think it
will take some figure of national
stature I don't know who what's going to
be someone who's gonna be respected by a
variety of people who's gonna come out
there and is gonna have to make this
case a very a very impassioned plea
saying listen your enemies not even your
enemies your enemies are not your
enemies your opponents are not your
enemies and they are not immoral it's
gonna take somebody doing that I don't
know who that figure is you know because
I don't know if we have another Martin
Luther King in our myths we must I have
to have some faith in that there's no
well one thing is for sure in terms of
journalism there isn't it an Edward are
Morrow out there not on the Left that's
damn sure okay
no Gregory Gregory had to address that
issue because I think this is what
bothers me the most is the demonization
of the other side you know the that's me
the problem is is that if you demonize
the other side and and I'm looking at
the left and the right but I'm convinced
the left is more guilty of this because
they have so much more of the media
space but if you do step back and you
have a conciliatory gesture then that's
seen as weakness that scene is
compromised appeasement and that in this
is where the the moment we're at right
now is that anybody that reaches across
the aisle is considered a traitor a
coward and to be dismissed okay Gregory
how do we deal with this well you're
absolutely right we you have to bear in
mind that we are not going to stop this
with one or two decent leaders coming
forward and saying enough of this let's
be friends and so on the reality is that
there's a mass movement which has been
building up on this for decades we are
we have moved through the last several
years beyond at the age of reason beyond
the age of science and we're back to an
age of beliefs and you get any of the
current general ism to see that that
it's all about opinions and you're going
to make the argument but everyone's
entitled to an opinion and a belief but
don't confuse that with facts nobody is
prepared to go back to a fact-based or
based argument I am so I am I am I do
that all the time here Steve let me go
Dee let me go to you we had a judge
Brett Kavanaugh over the last news cycle
he was accused of his characterization
of these abortion drugs and all of that
and it was patently obvious that the
left was lying and who was proven very
quickly or you know senator Booker you
know in his Spartacus mom and what the
hell is this all about
okay I mean I mean to rational people I
look at like I shouldn't use rationale
because everyone is so emotional these
days but I mean you can pick these
things apart so easily but there's
hardly ever a correction or it doesn't
matter that's what it gets down there it
doesn't matter because no Trump is evil
this judge is evil okay because they're
evil and that's a that is a having a
political language it is so impoverished
go ahead Steve well let me point out
yeah I think America was greatly divided
during the eight years of Barack Obama
and I don't think there was ever a more
divisive president in my lifetime than
Barack Obama who divided on every every
avenue that he could get down but we
didn't have the violence and the but the
right didn't resort to violence and I'm
gonna keep harping on this because you
know when you bring up a Kavanagh Susan
Collins who's a key vote on the
Republican side for Kavanagh her office
was receiving after the hearings was
receiving threats staffers got threats
that they would be strangled that they
would be raped
she received death threats that if she
voted for cabin or she'd be killed I
mean this is not typical but it's not
denounced by the leftist by their fellow
senators by the Democratic leadership
and when you don't denounce it you
condone it we are ahead let me tell you
something god forbid something happens
to Donald Trump or a senior
administration official but if it does
you know what the media's gonna blame
yeah the left's gonna blame Donald Trump
yeah you know a scary story well I've
been saying it you know the Liberals
better be careful what they wish for
because as I tell my friends here
Americans are really
well armed okay Andrew let me go to you
you know the deplorable I think that was
the most that key moment in the 2016
election not modeling not the dossier
not any of it that one word deplorable
z-- and those deplorable z-- for
everyone that calls a trump supporter a
racist those deplorable
help make sure that Barack Obama was
elected twice to the US presidency
without those deplorable z-- he never
would have been president but the left
can't get their head around that logic
because it's a fact
go ahead Andrew well it's interesting
because I come back to this one of the
great tests will be let's assume for a
moment that Ruth Bader Ginsburg sometime
in the next Supreme Court term decides
to retire let's also assume actually in
comment upon that is this idea that
let's assume for a second that the
Senate is gonna change hands gonna shift
from Republican to Democrat Ruth Bader
Ginsburg retires you have a Democrat
majority in the Senate and Donald Trump
turns around and nominates Merrick
garland to the High Court now is there
anyone among us who believes that that
nomination would not be immediately met
with derision and ridicule and would be
obstructed by the current by the by the
Democratic majority I mean that is where
we've come to because it gets back to
what you were talking about Peter and
what Gregory and Stephen both talked
about there is no sort of not just moral
and I'm not going to call more but
there's no reasonable compass inside
them there's no keel that is keeping
their ship righted so they can sort of
be fluid and change depending on what is
happening in front of them and we all
deal in rationality we all deal with the
reality in front of us and and that is
one of the great divides between left
and right is that they just don't deal
with reality
you know Gregory the thing that you know
when I I look at you know with these
revelations about Peter struck and Lisa
Paige and the DOJ and Comey clap or Bren
and you know it's not that you can like
or dislike these people that's fine if
you do but I've been looking at what
they've been doing and they're
destroying institutions and they're
destroying trust in the system that the
founders and I think you know you know
go look at the Federalist paper
it should be required reading it's an
amazing book it's amazing what they
thought of and I see these people
they're trashing it they're shredding it
because of hatred and petty politics go
ahead Gregory it's more than hatred and
petty politics it's about protecting
riceballs people in urban areas whether
they're in government or not tend to
want to keep the state of the current
status quo which is about their jobs and
what it takes to keep their job they
don't care about ideology we've moved
because of our wealth into an entirely
materialistic urban society and what you
see in the rural society is actually
less materialistic less concerned with
the latest iPad and iPhone and more
about the way of life and we saw this in
1860 as well in the United States but
we're seeing it also around the world
but what we have to keep remembering is
the global context we're seeing the
world going through this in this global
civil war if you like yeah so it's it's
phenomenon which Peters not going to be
answered by a rational moderate approach
and it may in fact become extremely
violent in a number of countries I think
pushing back a little bit here Andrew
here I think you're probably on the safe
wavelength here
I do think identity politics is an
ideology I think you can make that
argument and I push against that all the
time Andrew in Williamsburg go ahead
what I was just gonna say though is it's
very interesting to me because the same
for instance right in America we're told
that if we don't go along with this
relaxed immigration policy if we want to
take some semblance to protect our
national sovereignty that means that
we're racist and the media blithely
ignores that all throughout the world
countries are struggling and Gregory
calls it you know nationalism national
identity or sovereignty countries all
over Europe are struggling with the same
issues in terms of an and the great
political change again brexit what's
happening in Sweden with their elections
in all of these are because you have a
small group of people who want to foist
an unrealistic worldview and everybody
else has to pick up the pieces and a lot
of them are not even elected okay the
permanent bureaucracy Steve go ahead
Steve
one other thing that's driving the left
in this country is fear they saw Donald
Trump get a higher percentage of the
Hispanic vote then did McCain or Romney
they see that black unemployment is at
an all-time low they see the economics
in this country now booming and zooming
for all across all you know and
demographics so that they're there
they're acting out of fear that
everything is slipping away from them
they're becoming more and more and more
radical left and again
JFK couldn't run as a Democrat and I
maintain Bill Clinton couldn't really
run as a Democrat any rate he had to
apologize for all of his the big
achievements during his wife's campaign
so the whole party is unrecognizable
okay now Steve I'm gonna stay with you a
few more seconds here is this gonna end
badly or we got to get some cooler heads
go ahead I don't see cooler heads
I see people saying get in their faces
if they're Trump administration
officials if you see him in a restaurant
you see him in a shopping mall get a
group together harass them stay outside
their houses this is a recipe for
disaster and it's gonna end with
somebody getting hurt I do not you know
see here that's just imagine what the
liberal leader would say if
conservatives were saying this just
imagine that okay gentlemen that's all
the time we have here many thanks to my
guest in New York Alexandria and in
Williamsburg and thanks to our viewers
for watching us here at RT see you next
time and remember crosstalk rules
