Arty's exclusive interview if the two
suspects has generated wide reaction
from officials both in Russia and the UK
poly boca reports now from London
you saw margarita samanya and saying
there that it's up to the viewer to
decide what to make of this interview
and it's fair to say that the British
government has given it a massive thumbs
down tourism a spokesperson has
rubbished the accounts provided by
Alexander Petrov and Ruslan Bashir of
and they've used pretty strong language
to do it take a listen
the lies and blatant fabrications in
this interview given to a Russian
state-sponsored TV station are an insult
to the public's intelligence well that
same government statement goes on to say
that an illegal chemical weapon was used
on the streets of the country and that
four people left seriously ill in
hospital and an innocent woman died and
Russia has responded with contempt now
this is the second official statement
that we've had from the government from
Downing Street earlier on
immediately after the interview was
first aired there was a statement from
the government and it was similarly
scathing take a listen the government is
clear these men are officers of the
Russian military intelligence service
the GRU who used a devastatingly toxic
illegal chemical weapon on the streets
of our country we have repeatedly asked
Russia to account for what happened in
Salisbury and March today just as we
have seen throughout they have responded
with obfuscation and lies so I think to
say that the British authorities aren't
buying it is to say nothing at all
really no one's going to be lining up to
give them any acting accolades certainly
not here in the UK other politicians
have been rather skeptical to the Member
of Parliament for Salisbury John Glenn
he's tweeted saying that he's delighted
that Alexander Petrov and Ruslan Bashir
of enjoyed the world-class attractions
that Salisbury has to offer but it's
very strange to come all this way for
just two days while carrying northern
shock in their luggage he also said that
Salisbury welcomes tourists from around
the world and
is very much open for business but the
Petrova Sheriff statements according to
John Glenn are not credible and don't
match the widely accepted intelligence
that the UK has on these individuals so
you can see that this is a spat that's
getting worse and we've got to the next
stage of it now because we've had a
response from the russian foreign
ministry spokesperson that's maria
zakharova so she's responded to the UK's
response to the interview and she has
some questions for the British
authorities yes she perseveres surely
neither I believe it's absolutely
unacceptable to accuse people of telling
lies forty minutes after they have
spoken so I repeat my question directly
to the British side what is the legal
basis and framework for accusing Russian
citizens of telling lies forty minutes
after an interview what was the reason
for that what was so specifically
non-credible in what they said when
official authorities accuse someone of
telling lies they must be responsible
for those allegations so we're in this
situation now where London is dismissing
the interview and Moscow's got questions
about why London's dismissing the
interview and London's reminding Moscow
that they have questions that haven't
been answered by the Kremlin from the
very beginning in this affair it looks
like we're getting statements and
counter statements but there doesn't
appear to be any dialogue taking place
between London and Moscow right now
you
