today we meet in a different place it's
not Moscow it's a different place it's
st. Petersburg on the sidelines of the
biggest forum which has gathered
together the women from all across the
world are you are 110 countries are
represented here professional
specialists is most diverse fields are
here much has been said about this forum
you have already many of the active
discussions it featured very in-depth
discussions and I should also add that
we hold such briefing for the second
time on the sidelines of this very forum
so we have something to benchmark
ourselves against because forum BCA is
absolutely different level there was
some trial and error while organizing
this improvised a lot but the scope the
magnitude just shows that this is a
major global event we do not conduct the
forum for the sake of conducting
something no this is a real talk talk
about the most acute problems of today
ok let's turn to our usual business I am
in st. Petersburg so I would like to
start with the foreign ties and
Relations of the northwestern Federal
District of Russia this will be
appropriate I don't need to remind you
that st. Petersburg is one of the
globally recognized business centers and
cultural hubs together with the legend
garage region this is one of the leaders
in attracting foreign tourists and in
like in 2017 the city has been visited
by 7.5 million foreign tourists this
year we expect this number to exceed the
level of 8 million the biggest
industrial and research potential
division attracts leading global
manufacturers we have very successful
special economic zone called st.
Petersburg with many Tecna parks and
production platforms we can also recall
the st. Petersburg order cluster with
production facilities of Toyota Nissan
Hyundai which has been demonstrating a
very rapid growth indeed and always the
governor of st. Petersburg mr.
production committed Japan signing a
road map on cooperation development
between st. Petersburg and Hokkaido for
the year 2018 2020 then the last month's
Saint Petersburg has hosted the days of
Shanghai because we mark the 30th
anniversary of establishing neighborly
partnering ties the city is revisited by
delegations from Island Vietnam Scotland
the regions of the Northwest Federal
District is active but disciplines are
active participants of the cross-border
cooperation programs between Russia and
the EU together we implement major
infrastructure programs with Finland and
the Baltic states we hold two national
meetings for both economic and social
for attracting many businessmen a
cultural and official figures so we
expand as much as we can the
humanitarian influence of Russia abroad
promoting Russian language culture
preserving the legacy and the truth
about our role in defeating the Nazi
Germany we continue our educational
programmes including the peoples
diplomacy programs we do appreciate the
work on the track of the world's capital
and Eunice
named saint-petersburg the world chess
capital in the year 2018 we do
appreciate the work of the authorities
of st. Petersburg and the civil society
of st. Petersburg for their contribution
to the reinforcement of the positive
image of Russia and wonderful
organization of many events such as this
one where we are today and for the
traditional hospitality which our
northern capitals can be so proud of and
now we turn to our traditional agenda we
start from the agenda of the Foreign
Minister of Russia mr. Lavrov is
expected to go on the 23rd of September
to Bosnia and Herzegovina in Saraiva he
will meet up with the members of the
members of government of the country
conducting consultation meetings with
the foreign ministry and these meetings
will include the talks about our future
programs for the upcoming years the talk
will be conducted with the president mr.
dyrdek as well as Memorial Wall memorial
will be installed together with the
first brick to a church which will be
constructed in memory of the royal
family of russia of these contents will
be recommitting russia to the general
framework agreement for peace in Bosnia
as well as this would mean that we stand
up to all for the constitutional powers
so which two entities the Serb a
republic and the federation of big which
means the the equal constitute rights of
two nations this will also mean that we
commit ourselves to deepening our ties
in this field of material work cultural
works we'll be changing our views in the
area of the Balkans and other
international
regional global issues alike you know on
the 17th of September in New York is
73rd session the UN General Assembly
open that is the central platform for
discussing the most pressing
international issues this year a Russian
delegation will be rock is being
presented led by mr. Lavrov Russian
Foreign Minister the agenda for the
visit of Russian Foreign Minister in New
York will be traditionally very very
full of various events he will meet with
several dozens heads of states and
governments and international
organizations those foreign ministers he
will meet with the general secretary
headed nations and the president with
73rd session or General Assembly taking
part in meetings in session of foreign
ministry as of the permanent five
members of the UN Security Council brigs
CSTO and other meetings high-level
meetings he will address the members of
the UN from the volume of the 28th of
September during the General Assembly
session our attempts are aimed at
enhancing the role of United Nations and
reinforcing its core contribution to the
world's face we need to push forward to
solve the acute problems relying on
international law among the priorities
are the fabrication of history fight
against terrorism as part of the 2030
agenda for sustainable development plan
we plan to work very actively on this
73rd session all the information is
available on the website of the Foreign
Ministry we see a lot of questions which
have to do with confirmation or
utilization of the
Lavrov surgeon day in New York we asked
us to give more details about the
upcoming meetings I can tell you now
that this agenda is being finalized I
can name a number of events which are
sure to take place at least we plan to
take as three steps to have those
meetings I've already listed some of
them but if we take malaria meetings he
is expected mr. Lavrov is expected to
meet with the I you presented on
security issues president of Croatia for
minister of Zambia
president of Cyprus for minister of Cuba
Secretary General of NATO member of the
State Council of China foreign minister
Bolivia President of Somalia for
ministry of Guatemala Minister foreign
relations of Baileys with his colleagues
from Switzerland always see you know
direct the president of Equatorial
Guinea head of Panama has potential
source Armenia Sudan Jordan as well as
the meeting where is the secretary of
detonation is expected to take place we
believe that on the sidelines some other
meetings are possible including in the
multilateral format we plan to hold
other meetings for instance where the
Foreign Minister presentative
of the Micha France st. Vincent and
Grenadines for Minister
phase-shift about is a tradition that in
New York Russia holds talks with the
Pacific Ocean States so these are just
some of the meetings which are planned
to take place there is a whole bunch of
other meetings which have been prepared
and organized it's a bit too early to
talk about the
as part of the agenda so as tradition
goes we also plan to arrange a meeting
of circular level of with mass media on
the outcomes of his work in New York at
the United Nations will inform you in
due time about this press conference now
return to other matters pertaining to
the field of Russian foreign relations
and global problems I would like to
start with the very question which the
large extent the talk of the town today
that's a tragedy
an unexpected tragedy for all of us we
received a lot of questions people are
asking us to answer many questions some
of them have already being answered
we'll add what we can on behalf of the
foreign ministry so I will talk about
the Russian aerospace forces plane which
was down near Syria as you know the 17th
of September near the Syrian coast in 20
of Russian air space forces was down
while patrolling the Mediterranean Sea
Russian service members died
unfortunately and on behalf of the
Foreign Ministry of Russia Lille ship of
the ministry and every service member of
the ministry we express our deepest
condolences to the families and friends
of the bereaved and already
comprehensive assessment has been
presented by the president by the
Ministry of Defense which had been done
several times to different levels and we
expect to receive new data regarding the
incident this data will be made public
answering the many questions people have
regarding this incident involvement of
really pilots and so on and so forth I'd
like to remind you that was Israel we
have very long going ties Russia has
been consistent in supporting Israel
deepening our mutually beneficial ties
and friendly ties as well we've been
doing our best to make that Middle East
State fit harmoniously in the region
becoming a source of stability and
prosperity in the Middle East so what
happened back 17th of September we'll
need some additional investigation and
explanation which we expect of Israel
I'm sure that they welcome in most
immediate time on I would like to say
that the Israeli pilots who did what
they did the actions led to downing of a
Russian airplane were as our experts say
at least unprofessional I want to say
that it is a shame to cover behind the
backs of those who are ensuring safety
including your safety doing their duty
they cannot duck a bullet now we turn to
the situation in Syria we see some
positive and negative developments in
Syria for the first year of the crisis
Syria hosted local elections across the
country over 5,000 police stations have
been opened five thousand and three
hundred to be precise so this is a very
meaningful step forward we all have been
waiting for it to happen for a very long
time it's a positive
signal that country is transiting
towards peace reconstruction and normal
life we also appreciate the situation
which has to do with lis refugees and
IDPs coming back to the homes additional
impetus could have been given by an
international forum the final statement
of the meeting which took place of the
7th of September in which so Russia Iran
and Turkey discussing the possibility of
holding such a conference with the help
of the Russian center for refugee
Affairs we continue our efforts helping
people from Jordan and Lebanon to come
back to Syria starting from July the 8th
2018 serious OD over 13,000 people
coming back as we take the Year 2015
however 250,000 people have returned to
their homes in Syria the exact figures
are over two hundred and forty-two
thousand situation is symbolizing when
it comes to the territories which have
already been liberated and people
internal displaced persons are coming
back which is also a good sign we take
this year starting from the first of
January are you one hundred eighty four
thousand IDPs have come home while
starting from September 30 2015 1
million two hundred thirty one thousand
people are now back home so these are
approximate figures but they are based
on statistics we can rely on we also see
that in the south western part of Syria
the life is coming back to normal
because the military operation has been
completed the Syrian government conducts
the reconstruction works on
infrastructure supplying the necessary
aid and help to the local populations
Sutton from September 2015 over 30,000
households have been reconstructed over
5000 educational and one
I wouldn't fifty healthcare institutions
have been rebuilt and I mean the whole
period over the years and all that has
been done during the fighting between
the government between Syria supported
by the Russian aerospace forces against
terrorism so this is the information
which has to not the normal peaceful
life or revival the infrastructure
during the peace times not marred by the
conflict no oh that has been happening
amid the conflict russia has conducted
over one thousand and nine hundred aid
deliveries giving the first necessity
items to those in it Russian doctors and
medics have helped over ninety three
thousand Syrian residents we continue
working in contact with the stakeholders
in order to help people to come back
when it comes to the routeburn camp the
united states have installed control
over territory of Syria
absolutely legitimately and the
information we have shows that we can
solve this problem if we ensure whatever
in a delivers to people creating safe
and secure corridors for the people to
go outside of the places where they've
been constrained today thanks to the
talk between mr. Putin and other one we
have succeeded in progressing on the
track of the ad lib issue and the
memorandum has been signed to create by
the 15th of October a demilitarized zone
running for 15 to 20 kilometres along
the line of contact between the
opposition and the governmental forces
the control over this zone will be
conducted jointly by the Russian
military police and Turkey
patrol forces these arrests between
Russia and Turkey will allow us to save
lives of peaceful populations I hope
this will help not only to separate the
moral opposition from the terror but
also will have a positive impact a
sobering effect on the provocators who
planning to justify one more aggressive
military strike against Syria by the
coalition led by the United States it
isn't too early to say that we have
succeeded interpreting these scenarios
supported by the West we still see
information coming regarding
preparations for a chemical incident
incident
Eleuthera supplies weapons to a light
cherries groups the in lip hospitals
have seen the deliveries of sarin the
key role again might have been assigned
to the white helmets the notorious white
help us the information we have supports
that claim hundreds of members of the
white helmets have been coming to Syria
lately I've started working to prepare
for a chemical incident helped by
foreign instructors I saw the victims
victims can be women and children
kidnapped by the terrorists as we know
some have been saying that there is a
possibility of conducting a military
attack against Syria well instead of
helping the moderate opposition to come
to terms they are trying to make them
feel illusion about the fact that they
can be helping them in the conflict so
easily
militants can continue to conduct their
cowardly incursions onto the syrian
territories Russian military has
documented 554 cases of ceasefire
violations by illegal tear
groups and military groups using mortars
and air machineguns starting from the
September the first we've seen over 300
violations already also we see a scandal
which has to do with the fact that the
Netherlands authorities have been giving
help to anti governmental groups in
Syria believe that this information
should be investigated most thoroughly I
will talk about this separately later
today it is evident that the settlement
process becoming more about the politics
and diplomacy after the seven years war
the countries and ruins people are in
dire need of support from the
international community in that relation
we again call upon the West to refuse
fake humanism and join their efforts
helping in the field Syrians in the
construction of the country supporting
among other things the return of the
refugees we cannot and we should not tie
up together the political interests and
humanitarian aid because we need to be
human and in solidarity with them now
talking about the thing I mentioned
about the Dutch government financing
terrorist groups in Syria this big
scandal drew our attention it blew up
after journalists investigation which
found out that the Dutch government
helped terrorist groups in Syria as you
remember one of them was Japan al shami
ah it was listed as a terrorist group by
the Dutch Prosecutor's Office and some
other terrorist groups also connected to
al Qaeda and these groups are known to
use civilians as human shields and
involving underage
people in the fight say so the so-called
non-lethal aid included supplies of
uniforms pickup trucks satellite phones
and it amounted to total of 25 million
euro so when we talk at the conferences
and ask our partners to participate in
rebuilding infrastructure somehow they
don't have any money but somehow they
found 25 million years for this but when
we talk about humanitarian aid food
supplies books for children go to school
clothes you could have done so much with
this money and the Dutch government was
aware that this Aid could be used not
for peaceful means for example as for
pickup trucks they are not just cars you
could use them to install machine guns
and they're perfect for that so right
now there's an investigation in the
Netherlands but based on the information
that we have this aid was provided in
complete violation of the international
law and was a direct intervention in the
internal affairs of a sovereign state
unfortunately the Netherlands used a
faulty approach in Syria it means that
the Dutch people believe that you can
ignore international law if you have
violations of human rights somewhere
so the former foreign minister of this
country mr. Condors called it denying
the legal fetishism so apparently the
aid by the Dutch government got into the
hands of the people who don't care about
human rights at all so the Dutch
government makes the same mistakes in
2010 as you know the David's committee
that investigated the political support
for the Iraq venture in 2003 recognized
as illegal and the Prime Minister had to
step down so we believe that global
community the Security Council the UN
Human Rights Council should react to
these newly discovered circumstances and
double standards and this illegal and
criminal support of the terrorist groups
on the part of the Dutch authorities now
let's talk about Afghanistan
considering the ISIS expansion in
Afghanistan and new hotbeds all over the
country we believe we should actively
involve anti-terrorist sanctions
mechanisms of the UN Security Council to
counteract Isis in Afghanistan
specifically we are gathering evidence
to file a request to the ISIL and
al-qaida sanctions committee of the UN
Security Council so that specific people
and organizations that are part of the
ISIS branch in Afghanistan would be
sanctioned
so this is what our permanent represents
it save said at the UN Security Council
meeting on September 17th so we urge all
the member states to actively support
this process and file these requests to
the committee and these sanctions
against ISIL members would allow member
states of the UN to employ sanctions
forbid them international trips on
supply and so on we are we continue now
on Murray abou Tina we continue working
on freeing the detained Russian citizen
maria bhutanam the Embassy employees
went to her on September 13th and
apparently she is still under the
administrative segregation regime which
is reserved for dangerous criminals only
after we made some effort many American
authorities decided to normalize the
condition this Russian citizen is kept
in so we need to pay specific attention
to publications in the American media
which decided that the actions of our
embassy the marshals official notes and
consulate employees visits was some kind
of evidence of her alleged alleged ties
with Russian authorities but this is
perfectly normal diplomatic practice so
when we don't support our citizens don't
aid them
we are criticized for that and when we
do try to help them we are told that the
people who
who were detained and who are in a
difficult situation our special it's
been especially dangerous so every day
we get requests to help people detained
in airports and sometimes they face jail
or sanctions in the country where they
are so they ask us to contact lawyers to
contact their family and give some legal
aid help them with documents every day
we get these requests from people and
from their families sometimes they find
themselves in some emergency conditions
or they have health problems and
sometimes it's not just about people who
are victims of circumstance or who just
ended up in difficult situations
sometimes their rights are violated
international law and principles are
violated for example like this happened
with Bert gerashenko and Marie abou Tina
now so you know that we follow the
developments with these citizens very
closely so saying that Russian embassy
decided to organize de marshes just
because she has some special time it
ties to the Russian authorities this is
just fake fake as it is so we are very
concerned that the case of the Russian
citizens citizen has been cynically used
in the internal political struggle in
Washington so we want to demand her
release as soon as possible
another thing is that when Russian
citizens have foreign passports when
they're accused or convicted of crimes
so when special attention is paid to
these cases should we should we also
believe that every person like that has
special ties to their government or
should we pay attention to the people
who protest when Russian delegation
comes somewhere abroad this is very
strange logic especially when it comes
to Maria butanna we believe she is being
detained unlawfully and we're surprised
at the conditions that she is captain
even judging by what American lawyers
say she did nothing that would justify
putting her in these conditions so they
wake her up every 15 minutes there are
so many searches what does a person have
to do to deserve this this is the
question now - a topic that we touch
upon regularly I mean the chemical
instance in Salisbury and Amesbury
Russia demonstrated openness and
willingness to cooperate with the
British authorities to determine what
really happened in Salisbury
Amesbury but the UK it caused the UK
authorities to express
neuroses and a wave of sarcasm so
instead of professionally and
professionally discussing this issue
Britain is becoming more aggressive and
behaving in a weird manner lately
especially but I'd like to stress that
no information about the script ball
case that could clear something up
hasn't been given to the Russian side
via official channels see the many
inconsistencies and contradictions in
the so called evidence that London
presented in the international arena
we've already talked about that these
are attempts to cover up the truth to
make us come up with excuses and also to
put additional pressure on their allies
in terms of putting more sanctions
against Russia I'd like to stress that
Russian the Russian Federation had
nothing to do with the what would
happened in Salisbury is in no way
connected to that we refused all British
allegations when it comes to the
so-called cripple case this is about
Russian citizens not about blatant
British
allegations we are still open and
willing to cooperate with the British
counterparts in terms of investigating
the incident in Salisbury and a Russian
a law enforcement has sent a request
already concerning the criminal case
opened by the Russian Investigative
Committee on the 16th of March
on the murder attempt of the Russian
citizen you'll escape all we also want
explanations about where Russian
citizens to get in u.s. krippwall are
and how they feel because over the last
six months they've been de facto held in
prison by force
we have been refused any and all
contacts and please remember that the
relatives of second you'll escape all
were refused a British visa and will
refuse to meeting with them victorious
crippled couldn't go to Britain even to
talk to people who talk to scruples
I mean British intelligence officers we
will continue working to meet with
Russian citizens and information on this
case get information on this case
recently our Western partners expressed
concern over the situation in the sea of
azov Russian customs officers the
perfectly lawful things but it's
presented as if the Russian Federation
is ignoring international law and is
conducting a campaign to disable is the
situation in Ukraine
so we believe an explanation is in order
the international status of the sea of
azov and the Strait of Kurt
is determined by bilateral international
agreements meaning the treaty between
Russia and Ukraine on the Russian
Ukrainian state border signed on January
28 2003 and the agreement on cooperation
on the use of the sea of azov and the
Kerch Strait signed on December 24 2003
I want to quote these agreements say
that the as of sea and the Kerch Strait
are historically internal waters of the
Russian Federation and Ukraine Russia's
actions in terms of inspecting ships are
meant to ensure security in the waters
of the Sea of Azov and the Strait of
Kerch they're not in violation of any
international norms everyone of course
heard the statements by the so called
Midgley's of the crimean tatar people
listed as the extremist organization in
russia about the need to stop the free
passage of ships in the Strait of
courage moreover we've seen what people
like that and radical people can do you
remember the blocking of the north
crimean channel the blocking of the
connection connection with crimea
through ukraine the food blockade and so
on after the crimea bridge became
operational ukrainian radicals urged to
blow it up
so gives actions and the radical
elements not controlled by it but
inspired by it make us smiting the
security measures in the area but please
note that the pre free passage of ships
in these waters continues we'd also like
to draw attention to the fact that until
now
neither ship owners nor ship captains
complained about the actions of the
Russian authorities Ukrainian
authorities also acknowledge their
rights to inspect ships the Ukrainian
sides by the way carries out completely
unlawful and provocative actions against
Russian ships and Russian sailors if you
remember the situations with the north
fishing boat and mechanic forgotten tank
armed so we are going to do everything
in our power now return to the fact that
involve in regional city of Ukraine
there is now a ban on public keys of
Russian cultural product as they call it
on the 18th of September in another Baus
of his serious local authorities of
Ukraine has installed a moratorium on
the public's use a Russian cultural
product in any form on the territory of
the region of dwarf I cannot imagine how
their politicians will be talking they
don't know Iranian they've been speaking
Russian throughout their whole life so
how can their own politicians now go to
devolve well Russian is prohibited now
so this was coordinated with the visit
of President you crane so they probably
didn't have any other gifts for him now
this local authorities involved are
going to promote this anti anti
Constitution Alicia t'v up to the
Parliament of Ukraine in order to make
it effective of the whole territory of
the country this is a very case when
you'd only even need to comment we just
would like to call upon the
international organizations to pay the
attention to these actions of the
Ukrainian authorities they violate the
universal rules of democracy human
rights Aquarian Constitution
international agreements still and we
regret that Ukrainian officials conduct
the war on language against their own
people define the law honouring
conscience and common sense alike
I don't even want to mention in European
conventions they're out of the question
here other region Latin America recently
we've been seeing mass media quoting the
possible military intervention to
Venezuela on top of that this appeared
not only in mass media for instance the
permit representatives of the United
States to the relation American States
said through the mass media many times
things which are nothing but egging on
other Latin American countries to
conduct that very intervention two
minutes relevant New York Times wrote
about the administration of Trump's
context with Venezuelan military are not
satisfied alergic live with the current
state of affairs in the country after
that secretary-general Organization
American States quite easily stated that
he cannot put off the table any not only
political variant or option for settling
the situation in Venezuela I would like
to say the number of states of the Ladin
of Latin America and the Caribbean do
not support such initiatives such
sentiments we do have their best to
distance themselves from that policy of
big Batum this Grand garage
it was initially applied in that America
we all know how the state started doing
this to the countries of this region and
in January 2014 the salic organization
adopted a declaration on announcing this
continent the zone of peace this
document stipulates among other things
the obligation not to intervene directly
or indirectly in domestic affairs of
other countries and fully respect the
individual right of every state to
express and to choose its political
economic social and cultural system what
we see today is that Washington is now
trying to lift that political taboo if
you can call it this way and make Latin
Americans believe that a military action
is possible what they do is to talk and
to pedal through the topics of migration
of temporary displaced people issues on
this some of these things are happening
in Venezuela they also happen other
countries of Latin America and the
Caribbean this controlled chaos policies
promoted by the United States in that
America is nothing but a very bad arm
and this practice can lead to dire
consequences these actions have nothing
to do with any attempts to solve social
economic problems which Venezuela faces
today now I will talk briefly about mass
media and informational space social
networks for instance Facebook continues
to tighten censorship we talked about
this a couple of times and judging by
the information we have under the
pretext of fighting fake news Facebook
in addition to the current
fact-checking filters is going to create
a mechanism for checking personal data
video on photos of users who turns out
that now any kind of information on
Facebook and other resources it
possesses let's take Instagram whatsapp
can be blocked can be deleted by
Facebook personnel who I can say will
double in their numbers they CA up to
the twenty thousand people figure Mark
Zuckerberg he was a first and me this
was the first means of free
communication a tool for enjoying free
content and right in front of our eyes
it is transforming today in a tool of
manipulation by the US intelligence
which they use to clear the information
space from any Content Washington
dislikes depressing which has been put
on Facebook from behalf of two US
officials and other officials but mainly
the US officials on the shows that these
steps are undermining the values of
democracy free speech and no freedom as
at ease in the United States they say
they have to do this
they have to do this because we want to
prevent any interaction in the US
election process Mark Zuckerberg himself
says that he is guided by only the best
intentions and I'll give you one fact I
think this fact is going to speak for
itself it's going to be like a
revelation for you but it means a lot I
think for this kind of topic so on the
eve of the general elections in Brazil
which will take place on the 7th of
October we've seen that the Atlantic
Council think-tank Oh digital forensic
research lab is now active again it in
real time
Eliza's the way social network uses see
and assess candidates campaign
candidates through targeted fake news
they use BOTS and virus viruses in order
to achieve their political goals the
information did lab requires goes public
through the information resources of the
Atlantic Council itself such as the
website popular Internet portals
partnered mass media and the decisions
taking upon harmonizing there were the
State Department of United States so
they coordinated all over the State
Department is universal knowledge that
this think tank has been involved in the
monitoring and the impact assessment of
the unrest in Russia and well as the
protesting Russian who are the main
sponsors of this well Facebook itself in
May the si8 signed an agreement on
partnership with the Atlantic Council
for allegedly ensuring positive relation
positive effect on election processes
all around the world this is a clear
sign of manipulation they are deceiving
people who trust and believe in new
media free movement of information and
so on and so forth so they think that
information published on these resources
is trustworthy and what they do is
impregnate the social networks with
their personal data they believe they
are free they are globalizing they're
creating unified space for information
to flow freely between each other so
they are believing them and it happens
in fact that hundreds of millions of
people are now part of this social
environment and at this very moment
they are being used to such an extent so
those who fight for freedom aquatic
collections and unbiased informational
space are the ones who interferes in
Michigan favor of the other states and
day of the ones who disseminate this
information and the baseless accusations
against other countries in Russia are
just the pretext and a cover-up to cover
for their own actions we would like to
hear the comments from Facebook I would
like to hear what they have to say as
well as what are the relevant
international bodies and NGOs have to
say regarding these human rights
violations we are ready to receive
questions - this is the information we
have we're being accused on an ongoing
basis well let's be frank then let's
talk about these accusations and let's
talk about what you have let's talk
about the judges who judge others one
more type of chasity with mass media
will turn the attention of the public to
information regarding some alleged
threats to the US media radio freedom
radio liberties so John Lennox your
session superglobal media don't wear say
Secretary of State's Mike Pompeo about
the ongoing persecution by Russia of the
Joe noise of this and other free mass
media as well as the threats of the
Radio Liberty organization so this is an
official quote it's not a summary of
what they talked about this is an
official press release in that
connection I would like to say the
following thing according to the
information we have and we
double-checked this none of the Radio
Liberty personnel accredited at the full
ministry has ever
want to police to complain about any
persecution or any threats
never ever so we the Department of
Information and press or of the Foreign
Ministry and we are in charge of giving
the accreditation and accommodating
foreign correspondents we have never
received any complaints from these
people who work for radio liberties so
we are in constant content with their
Moscow office and receive nothing
moreover we have asked the agency to
clarify what exactly was meant by that
we work on a very businesslike basis we
never go public saying something without
double-checking everything without
checking with the journalist what
exactly they meant maybe we
misunderstood something goes so we
requested the agency to explain this and
they never did this they couldn't say
what their a head office meant they
don't know this so where do you these
statements come from why do we have
those alleged threats in the media space
I don't know maybe that's fake news and
let's remind you that the global media
agency which used to be called
broadcasting Board of Governors is one
of the propaganda branches of the US
government they are financed by the
government and what they do is
coordinate a number of broadcast
organizations some of them target
Russian audiences such as The Voice of
America and Radio Liberty I think that
all this is nothing but unwarranted
statements about threats and persecution
they don't have any facts they true they
use some trump up pretexts they've make
up those facts and I would like to tell
you that if you have any doubt that we
have tried to clarify
all y'all wrong because we did it or we
try to clarify this with them if we take
the European human rights
court they are defending the Ukrainian
Radio Liberty office and according to
what they say they are now installing a
ban on the access to the data from the
telephone of Natalia's let's go in order
to protect the anti-corruption
investigative journalists from any
persecution it turns out that the agency
is quite selective when it comes to the
security of its own personnel they do it
only when it benefits them I don't know
why they never mention Ukraine Oh No
besides we would like to do again tell
you and I show you that the security and
safety of journalists is a priority we
do our best to ensure unlimited
professional freedom for any journalists
we are ready to supply necessary aid and
help to any accredited journalist
working in Russia one more topic or
maybe two topics one of them has to do
with mass media - on the 26 to 28 cell
for September and usually novgorod's
russian academy of radio will be
conducting the third festival radio
Without Borders which will be happening
with the support of the federal agency
for press and mass communication at
prostituted store and foreign ministry
press and information department the
festival has been associated by the
professionals who formulate the content
spread by the radio stations in Russia
and abroad leading radios will be
presented at this meeting as well as
radio stations from other countries some
projects will be featured around
tablespoon take place as well as many
workshops are expected we as part of our
own go on coming briefing will be giving
you the
details about this event one more
question which was directed to us in the
United States we all know that the
Florence hurricane has been devastated
in the country and our embassy posted
warning because of the upcoming natural
disasters and at this point this
emergency sees not a single Russian
injured or that our diplomats and
consular presenters are in contact with
their local authorities and they when
necessary are ready to supply every
necessary help and Nate and I'm ready to
take up your questions now I beg your
pardon I have a debt to repay it has to
do with Moscow but still let me to
respond to a journalist from Ukraine who
asked me this very question regarding
Russian citizens arrested and convicted
it in Ukraine are abandoned by Russia so
they wrote to Russian president asking
to exchange him for Ukrainian citizens
who have been held in Russia behind bars
so this journalist was very much
concerned with the fate of Russian
citizens I would like to give some
details about this we do understand that
this letter was compiled upon the
initiatives of the Directorate for Human
Rights of Ukrainian Parliament and that
was an address which our ministry
received on the 12th of September this
year we saw it with the 21 clay attached
it was directed redirected to the human
rights ombudsman and to the president's
administration and as the arrangement
between the President of Russia
president of Ukraine goes
our woodsman is in charge of matters
pertaining to the cases of Russians and
Ukrainians arrested in two countries so
Ukraine does not owe 21 person behind
bars many more our diplomats and
consular officers in contact with the
people are in prison today with their
relatives their encounter - we fly every
net three efforts to protect the
interests and to settle these issues we
work on the track of human rights
protection to you and now admin is doing
her best to have a very constructive
dialogue with her counterpart from
Ukraine I have a very short question do
you have any information about the
minister's participation in the CIS
summit in Dushanbe
well I said already things which have to
do with the agenda for Minister and this
event is not on the list
good afternoon India Petrenko Russia
today I'll clarify this but I think that
we will be presented at the level of the
Vice Minister Deputy Minister you
mentioned Afghanistan and you said that
the foreign ministry said that the
Taliban representatives agreed to
participate in a Moscow meeting on
Afghanistan what do you expect of them
and how is this cooperation going to be
fundamentally new from previous attempts
to negotiate with the Taliban that the
US has taken during the Moscow forum at
this meeting in Moscow I don't think
that we need to compare one meeting with
another we should focus on making every
meeting every track and every effort be
successful and
you having tangible results so
everything which happens on the Moscow
platform so-called Moscow platform is
being organized to achieve tangible
results not only and not completely not
anything which has to do with overcoming
some other tracks or platform snow we're
not competing with anyone like to say
that this is not about political games
it's about the contribution we want to
make to the settlement of this let's say
difficult situation in Afghanistan
because we have our own version and we
proceed from what we think necessary
it's not just a point on the map which
attracts our attention no it's the very
point on the map which is close to our
country and unfortunately this point
creates additional instability in the
region I mean terrorism and everything
so we are dealing that as a country and
we cooperate with our SEO friends to
settle this issue it's not about
political games again it's about being
pragmatic
it's about implementing our national
security strategy among other things
we're working on this as soon as we will
be ready to give you any concrete
information we will give it to you good
afternoon
even culligan of tasks mrs. Harville you
spoke about the many meetings that mr.
Lavrov is going to have on the sidelines
of this General Assembly is he going to
meet with Mike Pompeo I said that we are
still working in some of the meetings
the agenda is not full not completed and
a number of bilateral meetings is be
disgust has been finalized I can say
that very many meetings are now being
arranged so we still have time right you
still have time before this trip starts
and also like to add that many meetings
are usually arranged when the delegation
comes to the venue so General Assembly
it's a living organism where meetings
can be confirmed to be confirmed or
postponed just as it goes
miss Sahara so my question is connected
to this unusual place that we're at
today the forum so we talked about women
in business and digital economy and this
sort of agenda so in the international
arena what does that look like well
you'll know about this tomorrow because
we have a specially designated session
meant exactly to discuss this aspect
women empowerment and this session is
meant for women and for diplomacy our
women work in diplomacy
how women see diplomacy and how women
see the world through the prism of
diplomacy so let's not turn our briefing
into that session because the session
will take place tomorrow
you can attend it you can you will see
brilliant speakers who know for sure
what it means to be a woman and working
in diplomacy there are Russian and
foreign speakers expected to participate
in the session will feature much
practical experience much theoretical
experience there will be much said about
the success stories
so just visit come and see for yourself
if there are no more questions I'll say
my goodbyes thank you
