hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
peering into the abyss the Syrian Arab
army is determined to liberated lib and
to eliminate the terrorists there thus
essentially ending this international
proxy war the US and its regional allies
are dead set against this why is the
Trump administration siding with
terrorists
crosstalking syria i'm joined by my
guest adele Darwish in london he's a
political commentator and author of the
book the edge of war in Leeds we have
obscene shahe he is a senior lecturer in
Middle East politics at the University
of Bradford and in Beirut
we have nyam solemn he is a professor of
international affairs at Notre Dame
University all right gentlemen crosstalk
rules in effect that means you can jump
in anytime you want and I always
appreciate let me go to the best dressed
man on television Adel darwish in London
I love your bowties Adel explain
something to me in July of last year we
had the American delegated to oversee
dealing with the situation in Syria
direct envoi said the greatest
concentration of terrorists in the world
is in ed Lib and he identified them as
al al Qaeda and associated groups now we
have a remarkable turnaround in the last
days and weeks is that know that the
Syrian government is warned not to
liberate its own territory and not to
apparently seemingly not to lay a finger
on anyone in a glib how do you account
for this major reversal I think it's a
four-letter word and it's called
Iran but go ahead adult well of course
Iran is a measure a player and factor
here I never really was it was a
subscriber to conspiracy theories but
actually it looks to me like idli become
like a figs become like America and
probably we in Britain dragged and
Frances insist we have certain extent
behind America it's actually managing
the problem keeping the problem and
managing it like you have something you
cannot eat consume we don't want to
throw away so you freeze it and every
area liberated by the Syrian Arab army
we have seen insistence from America
that the terrorists these groups like
jabhat al-nusra like Haram and others
leave and go to Edler consisting of
edible now where will this terrorist go
if of course Europe and Russia don't
want them because lot of them were
actually was from chase
from other places nobody else want them
and Turkey of course doesn't want them
although the Turks in in the beginning
facilitated the supply of arms and these
famous Toyota's to them and so on so
keep them there until the problem is
solved because if idli is liberated a
there would be a lot of bloodshed be the
terrorists nobody wants then then as a
set comes Iran Iran with Hezbollah
threat to Israel and so on yeah okay I
get a tells point then but then why were
these terrorists coddles funded salaried
given arms
I mean etc etc now nobody wants them I
mean I read this piece of fiction by air
Diwan in the Wall Street Journal you got
to read this the world must stop Assad I
mean I've never seen such political
friction written by a leader I mean he
doesn't a deal with everyone doesn't
deal with how he's been part of this
problem and directly to a glib okay go
ahead obscene and leads yeah you're
absolutely right certainly over the last
two or three years anytime the Syrian
army and its allies manage to
counterfeit take over a region there was
kind of an agreement for the rebels and
their families to move to a different
region and over the last couple of years
Elliott has been kind of a very
attractive destinations for a number of
groups in particular solution which is
primarily made of the former al Qaeda
fighters but what makes a glib important
and strategically sensitive for various
place in this civil war is not
necessarily the concentrate the
concentration of these kind of rebels or
red terrorists but it's it is its
geography as you know Italy has a
frontier with Turkey and despite the
fact that Turkey has been a very very
important player in this civil war over
the last seven years this is specific
area is the only region that Turkey
today can claim is kind of controlling
so this is the only bargaining chip it
it has it is a conifer controlling this
region and specifically for decision it
has been able to be part and parcel of
of the picture a very important power
broker and we know that if basically the
outlet is getting taken over by the
Syrian military and allies it can have
serious consequences not only Turkey can
lose its iconic West Division but at the
same time it can pave the way to another
refugee crisis that Turkey has already
said let me go to Beirut here I mean I'm
kind of a variation on the same question
that I just asked I mean did anybody
think about these things the law of
unintended consequences I mean where are
these peaceful people are supposed to go
I mean number one I think every country
in the world every government in the
world should say that they want to wash
their hands and have nothing to do with
these terrorists and that might be a way
to start negotiating okay but also
saying with Beirut I mean you know it
seems to me that Turkey is is really
dirtying the waters here because it you
know the air Diwan was just with rouhani
and Putin and now he comes out with this
this op-ed in the Wall Street Journal I
mean it's very unclear what he wants to
do and I've I take a correct of Sheen I
mean they're not controlling northern
Syria they're occupying and it is an
illegal occupation no one in northern
Syria that I am aware of ask them that
come in okay so how is the the the
turkey card playing all this name in
Inman Beirut well the reality is Turkey
has been responsible for no less than
the 70 war 70% of the war on Syria and
the destruction of Syria since 2011 up
till now it has opened its border with
Syria 860 kilometer border with Syria to
terrorist groups from all kinds of
countries for her more than 88
89 countries terrorists came through
turkey into adlib into Holub and into
other provinces of Syria
so mr. Erdogan is primarily responsible
for what is going on in Syria as far as
the violence that has spread all over
the country and those ragtag groups
which is I collected from the Muslim
world and non-muslim world from Europe
as well and ship them to Syria now they
are scratching their head and they don't
know exactly what the heck they are
going to do exactly know that they will
be defeated they yep exactly they know
that they will be defeated okay we're
getting close to the breaker let me go
to Adel here
Adel I mean I think your your point your
first point is really it's perfect it's
spot-on is that the US and its regional
allies including Syria they want to
freeze the status quo when it comes to
it'd Lib in the meantime I would point
out the u.s. is attempting to establish
some kind of semi-autonomous semi
independent state in South in the in the
Northeast which is really quite
interesting here is and in the tone and
tenor is that now it's all about Iran
it's not about England anymore and they
don't want and they don't want any kind
of semblance of a victory for Assad
because that would be a victory for
Russia go ahead in London yes I mean
it's a it's a cold war phase two or a
mini cold war B is Afghanistan replayed
all over again and the lesson of
creating Frankenstein monster which you
yourself sort of stepped into saying
they have so the didn't think of the
unintended consequences and three most
important when Russia intervenes so
years ago it had a strategy and plan
there was talk about actually dividing
Syria and two different Canton's but the
strategy of Russia was to keep the
geographical integrity of Syria not
promises they don't care about us that
can be replaced the people of Silicon
bringing
regime but it's actually keeping the
geographical integrity of sorry if
that's actually happened America which
did not have a strategy would see that
as a victory for Russia if Assad remain
is also a victory for Iran because he's
Alouette
and Pro his balance ball of thread and
Ezreal and so on so establishing this
sort of foothold American presence maybe
some kurds will be a grackle and so on
yeah and that goes for that and then
that's what turkey doesn't like yeah the
Kurds
but at the same time it's another book I
wrote is called water wars which I she
was covered actually Russia slave years
ago there is a conflict of actually
water between Syria Iraq and Turkey and
that was actually long term animosity
between the Damascus and I uncommon
there's there's also natural gas in oil
okay let me go we have one minute left I
want to go back to have seen here I mean
it does the u.s. have a long-term
strategy other than we're not going to
leave that's what it seems to me the
problem with this administration is that
you know there are a lot of mixed
messages coming from Washington about
the grand count of foreign policy kind
of approaches in the Middle East it was
only about five months if you remember
President Trump said that once we have
defeated the Islamic state are we going
to withdraw from Syria but only a short
while ago some high-ranking American
military officials they stated that
actually our objectives have changed it
is no longer about elimination of Isis
we go into a state in Syria first as
long as basically Iranian and Hezbollah
forces are still active in see we're
going to remain our military presence
and more importantly they have stated
that as long as there is no friendly
regime which is acceptable to the Syrian
people and the so-called international
community
then there is a case and justifications
in American military we're gonna go to a
break here by taking all those thick
goals and demands we'll be waiting until
hell freezes over for that to happen
we're gonna go to a break and after that
short break we'll continue our
discussion unserious stay with our team
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter level to
remind you we're discussing the
situation in Syria
let me go back to our guests in Beirut
okay we heard about the demands that the
the u.s. is putting forward for Syria
after Donald Trump's if we look through
his the history of his tweets the Syrian
war was a big mistake until it became
president and we had to leave illegal
air strikes against Syria because of
alleged chemical weapons we'll get
probably waiting for another one of
those but what about what Syria want
Syria has allies it has Russia and it
has Iran and the longer or the more
elaborate the u.s. administration's
strategy becomes the more and more it
seems to me that the US wants to say in
Syria to determine any kind of peace
settlement I don't have to see how it
could happen if the u.s. remains there
and a US policy visa v Iran and I think
it's pretty universally recognized that
everyone is an administration is a hawk
when it comes to Iran go ahead in Beirut
well I believe that the United States
foreign policy is very much directed by
what's what is called the establishment
in the United States yes as much as or
even more than the president as such
whoever the president is for instance
mr. Barack Obama when he came president
he came to Cairo early on in his
presidency and he made a resounding
speech talking about cooperation with
the Arab and Muslim world and democracy
etc etc and primarily emphasizing
peaceful cooperation but what did the
administration of mr. Obama bring about
it brung it brought about the so-called
Arab Spring or actually or up for he
bounce seven Muslim countries was
succeeded think bomb seven Muslim
countries keep going down this was
succeeded by mr. Trump mr. Trump in the
year before he became president he was
talking about he wants to throw the
troops from Syria and from Iraq etc but
once he became president he's don't
change it
what what does this tell us is that the
establishment the deep establishment in
the United States has a very much strong
decision-making
control over the policy of the United
States over the past year and we have
mr. etrem instead of diminishing US
troops and withdrawing US troops from
both Syria and Iraq he has been
increasing the numbers particularly in
Syria the number of US troops now in
Syria are about 3,000 troops and there
is periodic threats by the Trump
administration mr. Bolton and other mr.
Bolton that they want to attack Syria
based on the claim is the old new claims
of chemical weapon this is an Air Force
and mr. Trump clearly is into it so
despite all the things he said that he
doesn't want a war it seems that the
recent policy of the United States is
coming again to emphasize that the US
will stay in northern Syria and this was
said yesterday by the Trump
administration that they were they are
not going to straw from northern Syria
in fact the US troops which which are
located in about 13 military camps and
bases in northeastern Syria is of the
Euphrates the area is of the inflated in
Syria is approximately 30 to 40,000
square kilometers and it is more than
three times bigger than my country
Lebanon so and more than that this area
is of the freitas contains or it used to
produce about three thousand three
hundred thousand barrels of oil every
day exactly it's an asset grab as well
they want to be a spoiler they don't
want Syria to have the resources to
rebuild that's how I see it once this
conflict comes exactly Adel I mean I
guess people don't remember the Cold War
very well you know I keep hearing the
news rooms all over the world and the
Western world are run by 20-somethings
you know and they like to play with
social media all day long I remember the
Cold War pretty well all right and it
was something we all were
read about now I you know seeing the the
us and very Cavalier way saying not only
are we gonna I can't use the kind of a
simple language of Donald Trump you know
we're gonna we're gonna make it hurt
we're gonna hurt and everyone else and
the Russians and the and the Iranians as
well or anyone else there that helps
them okay that's very cavalier language
he didn't use that during the Cold War
you know why and I almost know most
never liked a quote Barack Obama but you
know elections have results and this is
what's happening okay we have results
here the American people voted against
these foreign wars and now this is a
promise broken go ahead Adele well the
midterm election for the Congress is
going ahead we have seen how the
competition between the two but if you
if we have because I also was a reporter
during the Cold War 60s 70s 80s in the
Cold War the Moscow and London and
Washington Paris and at that time it was
Berlin were talking to each other now
what I'm worried about is the absence of
dialogue that's number one then we have
a member of NATO which is supporting one
side which is the terrorist an ad lib
and most sort of a responsible way is
actually the use of the military threat
we have seen Bolton talking in that
tough about something that use and that
weeds by by President Trump now if they
actually find an excuse like when you
have a corrupt policeman putting some
drugs into someone how she doesn't like
to go and arrest him some stage incident
and actually use military action against
Syrian military assets then it will be
that proves my theory that the
actually do not want ed lab to actually
be got rid of these terrorist groups
yeah but I've seen your new Asian of the
Cold War yeah I mean I've seen but you
know I mean I guess you know for a lot
of people in the u.s. watching this
program what is the geopolitical
importance of in lib to the United
States I mean it's never explained
Congress has never consulted you know
and then you have this ongoing support
of all on all different levels support
of terrorist groups like al-qaeda in
Yemen and in Syria here so I mean is it
what is the geopolitical importance of
it is it just to be a spoiler because
that's what it looks like to me
go ahead oh my god of your leads here
let me go - no let me go - leads go
ahead I've seen okay I don't think
you're politically here the United
States has that much of a stake in the
gym but if you are talking about the
Northeast region which is currently
controlled by the Syrian democratic
forces by Malik the Kurds then we can
say that yes the United States has some
strategic interest I personally don't
like to use kind of historical terms
because I believe that history never
repeats itself but if you really have to
insist
using terms like the call tool perhaps
we can assert that what we are beginning
to see in this phase of the Syrian rule
what we see is kind of Germany fication
of the country what I mean by Jeremiah
fication if you do remember just often
count of the Second World War the
country effectively was divided between
two different spheres of influence I
think the operation in Italy in one way
or another will go ahead but the
challenges the issues of the Northeast
it's not going to get away it's not
going to go away anytime soon because
the United States through the Kurdish
proxies is very much interested to
maintain a military prison
come observe that in the region and at
the same time other important place like
Russia and Iran have already asserted
that the order to to to estate
effectively this is going to pave the
way to what I just said part of the
German application of Syria and
distension potentially can go on for
many years if not decades okay so I got
your part let's go back to Beirut so I
mean I remember this we were talking
about this actually a couple years ago I
was almost in in cement there's going to
be a partition the Brookings Institution
had this big plan and all that and of
course that works to Israel's interests
but but this is not what the Syrian
people want I mean I there's always this
assumption that they have no they have
no autonomy or agency here I mean it
seems to me if we look at what happened
with Aleppo remember it's going to be a
humanitarian crisis catastrophe went on
for months and months and months
it was liberated and people came back to
the city as a matter of fact the Easter
after the liberation Christians
celebrated Easter not unlike for so many
years okay so I look at this hype in the
media because that's all it is here and
I agree with obscene there go this
operation is going to go forward to
liberate adlib go ahead in Beirut well
clearly the American strategy is seeks
to keep the conflict and the violence in
Syria festering festering as long as
possible yeah every area in Syria that
had terrorist groups the United States
and the Western country Britain and and
France they did all they could they
could in order to elongate the presence
of those groups in those areas whether
in water pure water lager beer southern
Syria cetera so the biggest
concentration now of terrorists now in
Syria is in Edlund there were more than
40,000 transshipment from other parts of
Syria into Italy and there were
certain 35,000 terrorists stationed in
the first place in in in Italy so now
there is a big concentration of this
terrorist and the United States would
like and prefer that they be kept
somehow in Syria to cause problem to the
regime in in Syria and that's what
Turkey also wants and therefore is a big
hoopla now is to to threaten the regime
threatens the Syrian government not to
attack ad lib and not too late to
liberate Italy but the way I say it
clearly
the Syrian government with we've
justified its mindset ok we're storming
and ending the terrorist rebel rule
there I agree history doesn't repeat
itself but it's a strong echo when you
deal with these types of terrorist
groups that's all the time we have many
thanks to my guests in London Leeds and
in Beirut and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk
