in unions hitting one of its own members
with disciplinary action it's after the
EU parliament voted in favor of
triggering article 7 which could see
Hungary sanctioned if European leaders
all agree to the measures it follows the
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban
being criticized within the block for
breaching European values over the
migrant crisis this is certainly one of
the strongest weapons in the arsenal for
the EU to deal with an errant member of
its own group what it's more like is
really like opening one big box and
finding a series of other boxes inside
essentially where we are right now is
article 7.1 for this to move any further
well it would require either 1/3 of EU
Member States or the EU Commission to
say they want to push ahead with further
measures against Hungary then Hungary
would be given a chance to defend
themselves to put forward their own case
and then this would go back to another
vote
in the European Parliament that would
require a two-thirds majority vote then
that would go to the European Council
where it would require a unanimous vote
you still with me right this is still
7.2 for it to actually go through and we
to see sanctions and these a suspension
of voting rights put in place upon
Hungary it would have to go to 7.3 that
requires another vote by the European
Council and that has to go through by a
vote of over 55% essentially what
happened on Wednesday in Strasbourg is
this is the the official written warning
to Hungary from its EU colleagues saying
that in their eyes it needs to book up
its ideas they've tried talking to
Hungary in the past and they haven't as
far as they're concerned received
adequate answers to serious questions
that were posed in Parliament on Tuesday
sadly the Commission shares the concerns
expressed in the report in particular as
regards fundamental rights corruption
the treatment of Roma and the
Independence of the judiciary
individuals in the government have
enriched themselves their family members
their friends from public funding from
European taxpayers money Lesley
Janos Vista we cannot close our eyes to
the problems in Hungary the elections
this year were held in an atmosphere of
aggression and intimidation the reason I
went through the complicated methods of
where we were heading next is because a
lot of where we head next depends on
Hungary and specifically on Viktor Orban
now he was in Parliament in Strasbourg
on Tuesday heard all of the allegations
against him and against his government
he was bullish in his response in fact
he said he didn't recognize the charges
and he thought that the fact that they
were being bring brought against Hungary
in the first place was an insult to
Hungarian history and the Hungarian
people you have already made up your
mind I stand here to defend my country
and this is a matter of Honor this
insults the honor of Hungary this uses
double standards and violates the
treaties it says it upholds you want to
make a moral decision based on numbers
the nation be damned
well reaction to the vote has been
coming in from the alb and dld group in
the European Parliament they said they
were glad to see that this had been
passed the Greens also saying that they
were glad that it had gone through those
on side with mr. Orban well he could
always rely on Nigel Farage the the
leader of the European freedom and
direct democracy group he's long been a
supporter of mr. Orban he said that this
vote showed the authoritarian grip of
the European Union was getting tighter
but ultimately what this means is
Hungary officially joins Poland on the
naughty list of EU nations expect to be
talking about them for a little while
yet
you
