south africa's president is trying to
defuse fears that the country could face
sanctions over the expropriation of land
from white farmers in july he announced
constitutional changes to enable the
government to seize land from the white
minority borer community without
compensation the proposed reform
immediately resulted in a backlash and
was described as discriminative by the
Boers however the president said it
would undo a grave historical injustice
that took place during the colonial era
he maintains the white farmers currently
owned more than 70% of land in South
Africa while the amendment process
continues some of the farmers have found
an unlikely solution here in Russia
Medina cotton of a meta South African
family looking to resettle here and
--less meadows and groves of trees a
typical landscape in central Russia this
is where we're heading and it's exactly
the same place that might become the new
home for hundreds of South African
farmers after almost three hours of
driving we finally got to this farm and
what we see here is just vast amounts of
land fields are everywhere
you know when you take this you see
because you you I know
ground and this is absolute quality to
generations of the Dutoit family have
arrived in Russia to see the farmlands
that could be their future and after
visiting here in the Kaluga region they
will had to South and Russia they still
feel that South Africa is their real
home but dire circumstances are forcing
their hand and Russia is offering them
an olive branch we experienced the pain
in the hurt family members who have
suffered ourselves have suffered crime
I've made the decision that my children
will not have to face that on a daily
basis we've had family members who have
been murdered we have had family members
who have and friends who have had what
they had stolen we have a suffered crime
it's a daily reality that is not what I
want for my children the white farmers
of South Africa have long been
complaining of discrimination and they
now live and fear that the state could
pass law to seize the lands they've
owned since the 17th century and
returned them to the local black
population without any compensation
while the bill is still being debated
some farmers including the Dutoit family
have their mindset and a pre-emptive
move if the government starts saying
that we can take land without paying for
it because what has happened many
centuries ago my children will not pay
for the sins of their forefathers in
Johanna's case Russia was not a random
pick three years ago he met his wife
Daria who is from Russia he followed his
wife to her native Siberia and says that
he fell in love with the country
straightaway I myself believe that
there's a future in Russia for my family
personally give me a Siberian winter
rather than a summer in the Kalahari
Desert I did a question of RT reporting
from the Kaluga region
you
