Russian Ministry of Defence has been
warning for two weeks of a possible
false flag operation by militants in Eid
Lib using chemical weapons a red line
for the US and its allies according to
the Russian military that possibility
became clearer citing local residents in
a town of user al-shughour they claimed
camera crews on site have recorded
footage of an alleged chemical attack by
the Syrian government including video of
white helmets rescuers treating supposed
victims the footage the mo D says is to
be sent to numerous channels imminently
to justify a us-led military
intervention the US Department of
Defense hasn't yet responded to us
directly with comment on these claims
although the US has made their position
clear in no uncertain terms just so
there's no confusion here if the Syrian
regime uses chemical weapons we will
respond very strongly with serious
concern armed forces have no chemical
weapons and no plans to use them there
is no military necessity for it we urge
the international community to support
our collective efforts to end serious
use of chemical weapons and we remain
resolved to act if the Assad regime uses
chemical weapons again sensible people
will not use militarily useless means to
draw the fire of three powerful
countries upon themselves we have all
seen with the Syrian regime backed by
the Russian government has done in the
past that should not be a surprise to
anyone
but that would be a concern
responsiveness we have the impression
that us threats against Damascus are
aimed at preventing terrorists from
being expelled them it's not the first
time the u.s. no matter which
administration has prioritized the task
of changing dissident regimes above the
common goals of eradicating terrorism
and extremism a back and forth of
accusations and denunciations the US has
been clear that any use of chemical
weapons will be attributed to the Assad
government and will result in military
action Moscow has claimed that Damascus
simply has no logic in drawing the wrath
of the US military on themselves has
been dismissed as a distraction tensions
in it liberal approaching boiling points
in anticipation of a government
offensive against terrorists and rebel
groups is clear that any incidents
involving allegations of chemical
weapons could be a spark for the
outbreak of all-out conflict between
multiple parties the skepticism seems to
be growing at the possibility of a
chemical attack Britain's shadow foreign
secretary
Emily Thornbury now is pressing the
government to verify any future attack
with the OPCW before taking any
potential action I hope the Minister of
State will give us two assurances today
first that if there are any reports of
chemical weapons attack particularly in
the areas of Italy
controlled by HTS that the government
will not take part in any military
action in response until the OPCW have
visited those sites under the protection
of the Turkish government independently
verifying those reports and attributed
responsibility for any chemical weapons
used relying on so-called open source
intelligence provided by proscribed
terrorist groups is not an acceptable
alternative they don't need to wait for
evidence they don't need to wait for an
investigation they certainly don't need
to wait for OPCW or any other agency to
apportion blame
they're already blaming the Syrian
government they're already saying that
President Assad has authorized a
chemical weapons strike so the you know
the strike what the alleged strike
hasn't even happened but a blame has
already been apportioned so you know
what can we say apart from that it looks
like very likely there's gonna be a big
strike and this could lead to obviously
this could lead to a conflict with
Russia and World War 3 or the final
world war
we should be calling it they're not
addressing the Syrian Arab army they're
not even addressing the Syrian
government or President Assad they're
addressing the al Qaeda they're proxy
armies al Qaeda affiliates in Italy and
effectively what they're saying is the
hotline is open you can call in your own
airstrike all you need to do is to
provide a pretext however lame that
pretext may be give us something we can
sell to our publics back home and we'll
have the cruise missiles in the air so
that's the message the message is
directly to al Qaeda and its affiliates
Enid Lib
you
