YouTube has suspended the account a
serious state news agency it comes as a
major push is expected to route the last
terrorists from the country looms large
lead live as I was saying just now
Daniel Hopkins to tell us a bit more
about what this suspension is about long
paper and and in reality what is it
about that
well according to YouTube at least from
what we understand it's a Terms of
Service violation there were initially
several accounts suspended including the
Syrian Ministry of Defense and Sanner of
course the public international news
agency of Damascus we understand that a
Modi account has now been unblocked sana
remains blocked so far we have asked you
to for comment waiting to hear back from
them the message on the page though
shows that this has happened because of
a violation of Terms of Service or
saying the page simply is not available
now the reasoning behind this could be
that they were generating revenue from
advertising that of course is illegal
under US law because of this US
sanctions towards Syria sue and
government agencies there is obviously
two sides to any story including the
Syrian civil war by blocking Sanna at
least for now until it's unblocked or
some sort of resolution is takes place
it effectively removes the Syrian
government's narrative or their version
of events from from YouTube from that
news this course and more and more these
days you really can't underestimate can
you the power of social media when it
comes to you know not on the the
practical side of the fighting but there
you know the soft power of it on either
side when these conflicts break out
absolutely I mean there's a clearly a
war going on on the ground there's also
an information war going on in news
outlets in social media is one of the
most powerful things and it's often
children have been used in narratives
and this has happened on both sides here
in these in in this discourse one a
latest example this video for middle of
a boy recording a message about the
impending bloodbath that's going to
happen with and when the Syrian army
decides to launch that military
offensive take a listen
hello my name is abomination from Syria
and this is my message to Blizzard into
the Petra today are 10 16 years old my
wish is to live to see my 17 birthday we
services in the unhonest of thousands of
civilians are trapped in a flame between
as Russia forces autopoietic to attack
or last refugee in Syria we had money
for inside she that I like me well we
made it it called the blonde now some
users were quick to point out that boy
had also recorded similar messages from
Goethe during the government offensive
there to ask the rebels and terrorists
from from that area similar narratives
have been I mean he's by far not the
only one there have been similar
narratives as well in mainstream media
images quite widely spread of people
residents in a delivering their faces
with plastic cups of plastic bags to
make some sort of makeshift defense
against the impending rumors of a
chemical attack and that's also been
featuring their very heavily accusations
and counter-accusations the Russian mo D
says their intelligence sources are
talking about a false flag operation of
our loss for al-qaeda using chemicals to
provoke some sort of reaction from the
United States the US will cover this a
bit later saying these claims are
absolutely ridiculous and users on
Twitter on social media really
questioning the whole aim of this as to
why the Syrian government would at this
stage used chemical weapons when that
would clearly provoke a very strong
reaction from the United States very
much questioning these sorts of
narratives of using children really with
what many viewers propaganda so it is as
you say very much a hot topic social
media YouTube etc and it remains to be
seen obviously what will happen over
coming days and weeks
if and when that offense takes place
yeah all right all right down things to
keep us posted about that suspension and
thanks
you
