a suicide bombers detonated explosives
at a protest in the eastern Afghanistan
authorities say there are at least 22
people killed there dozens more injured
the demonstration was calling for the
resignation of a local police commander
Afghan based journalist Zakaria Hasani
reports today afternoon
exactly just a few minutes after the
noon prayer a suicide bomber actually
targeted a group of civilians who
gathered and convene in eastern province
of Afghanistan in Nanga Hall to protest
against a local police commander bilal
Patchogue in a in districts of nanda
hollywood shares border with Pakistan
both the Taliban group and also Isis
group active in this province and
mega-haul is counted as one of the
insecure provinces of Afghanistan which
Isis group as the upper hand
apparently in these provinces and mostly
launching such kind of daily attacks on
civilian governor civilian entities
government institutions more likely that
this attack also you know contacted also
has been conducted by the Isis group as
they have in the past they also
conducted such kind of attacks on
civilian gatherings in different parts
of Afghanistan two other separate
attacks and the same province one boy
was killed and five other people injured
a word of water you may find some of the
following images coming up disturbing
that we better show you the first time
in front of a girls school were two
explosions hit as locals and students
gathered in the area
an hour earlier another girl school was
targeted in the nearby district no
groups claimed the attacks yet but both
Taliban and Islamic state oppose female
education all schools and districts have
now been closed as a safety precaution
you
