rather sexism at the highest levels of
tennis continues to rage following
Serena Williams furious outburst at the
umpire during a defeat in the US Open
final many are rallying behind the
former world number one though claiming
double standards here but others on the
other side of turn 2 mocking her actions
on court depends where you stand on it
I'm here fighting for women's rights and
for women's equality and for all kinds
of stuff and for me to say theif and for
him to take a game it made me feel like
it was a sexist remark I mean like how
he's never took a game from a man
because I said Pete
news outlets and celebrities are backing
Williams insisting that she wouldn't
have been treated so harshly if she were
a man and that male players have had far
more aggressive outbursts the Women's
Tennis Association is also throwing its
weight behind the star the WT believes
that there should be no difference in
the standards of tolerance provided to
the emotions expressed by men versus
women and is committed to working with a
sport to ensure that all players are
treated the same we do not believe that
this was done nonetheless Carlos Ramos
the Empire in question is known for his
tough approach and not just towards
women at this year's Wimbledon
quarterfinals warned a male player for
throwing his racket to the ground in
2016 he penalized Andy Murray for his
remark of stupid umpiring women's rights
advocate Embry Severson and social
commentator Anthony Brian Logan join us
they discussed the fallout them from the
Williams incident she acted the way she
did because she was frustrated that she
was losing their match and people don't
really realize that she already played
Naomi Osaka earlier in the year I think
it was in March down in Florida and she
lost back then as well so it's just
sports you got frustration and she
reacted in an emotional way all that
feminism is tough lately I think that
came afterwards to try and do some
damage control to try and cover up the
fact that she lost twice now that's all
that it is what you have is the greatest
tennis player of all times this was not
about her being frustrated at losing a
game this was about a woman that they've
attempted to literally box her in at
every level and they've said things
about her and she's been under attack as
the greatest player of all times and
it's unfortunate that they just mistreat
her the way that they do the first
violation which was for coaching now she
can say that she didn't see the guy
giving her the signal okay that's fine
it was just a warning there was no
penalty the second if I listen came
where she signed the record on the
ground broke the racket you can't do
that so at that point you had the first
violation second violation you should be
kind of just treading on easy times you
shouldn't be going and doing too much
else the question you have to ask here
is have these other guys that she
mentioned had a first violation second
violation they continue to act
or did they say okay I gotta calm down
now any more vacation the definition of
coaching requires that she actually
received the communication which she did
not she didn't see it and even her coach
said that he that she didn't hear it
so then violation because she didn't
receive it so there's no need for the
first one the second one people throw
rackets all the time John John McEnroe
threw rackets and cursed and everything
else and it was called Judy Wiseman ship
he was vigorous he had passion he didn't
receive warnings and it was tolerated
and so for Sarina to be lambasted and
for this wind to be stolen from her it's
really unacceptable and it's really
disgusting that there's been such a
campaign against her and I'm really
concerned that we have an issue even
with the McKnight card caricature
portraying her as some type of animal
I'm really just confused as to why we
weren't willing to accept that she's
just that great without she before she
boss before she lost in March earlier
today on me Osaka
so I mean was it sexism a March that
made her lose that match or does it just
happen to lose fair and square because
this fiance she did not play very well
on the first match they had in March
where she also lost
you
