this is how you sort out a major nuclear
crisis and make the world a bit more of
a safer place in 1987 the US and Soviet
leaders got together and banned ground
launched intermediate-range ballistic
missiles and this is an example of how
leaders can perhaps make the world more
dangerous Russia has violated the
agreement
they've been violating it for many years
and I don't know why President Obama
didn't negotiate for pullout and we're
not gonna let them violate a nuclear
agreement and go out and do weapons and
we're not allowed to we're the ones that
have stayed in the agreement and we've
honored the agreement but Russia has not
unfortunately founded the agreement so
we're going to terminate the agreement
we're gonna pull out well Donald Trump
does have someone to learn from I have
concluded the ABM Treaty hinders our
government's ability to develop ways to
protect our people from future
terrorists or rogue state missile
attacks the United States of America is
withdrawing from this almost 30-year old
treaty at the turn of the century george
w bush pulled out of a 1972 pact
designed to put the brakes on both
countries from constantly outdoing each
other's nuclear forces freed from the
shackles of the treaty washington
announced the deployment of a missile
defense system in Europe and there's no
better symbol of our desire to work for
peace and security than working on a
missile defense system a missile defense
system that would provide a security for
Europe for Russia having new nukes right
on its doorstep posed a new security
threat Nasri immediate plans to expand
certain elements of the missile defense
system to Europe cannot help but disturb
us who needs the next step of what would
be in this case
and inevitable arms race the US missile
shield started operating in Romania and
2016 some elements were also deployed in
Poland before long russia's western
borders were pretty much taken care of
moscow began to respond by modernizing
its weapons to match blood then yamato
from the possession of such weapons
provides major advantages in warfare
their phenomenal speed make them
unstoppable for modern missile and air
defense systems washington wasn't happy
at all
Russia has Deven developing
destabilizing weapon systems for more
than a decade in direct violation of its
treaty obligations accusations came in
one after another the White House and
the country learning of that new threat
from Russian President warning he's
adverse reason and in the West in
particular not to mess with Russia
computer graphics of missiles flying
over mountains and heading over oceans
and he says he's not bluffing
and so we got to the point when another
nuclear safeguards bit the dust is the
world now up for another arms race it
might well be a question of when not if
the security architecture of the
European writ large space is a very
important thing the problem is that
security architecture is broken there
shouldn't be a Western Front for Russian
security there shouldn't be an Eastern
Front for European NATO these things
shouldn't exist at this point in the
21st century we don't need this class of
weapons why don't we just do away with
it and find other ways to get along
better that don't involve voluntarily
you know eliminating classes of weapons
since President Trump has been in power
it does appear withdrawing from landmark
agreements has been one of his
priorities I am announcing today that
the United States will withdraw from the
Iran nuclear deal the trans-pacific
partnership from the Paris
climb into court withdraw withdraw
withdraw this is just the latest in the
treatise that the President of the
United States has been withdrawing from
it's hard to say whether or not
President Trump has some longer-range
negotiating strategy or if this is just
his latest bit of impulsiveness it's
really difficult to predict with this
president
you
