French president the man who micron has
come in for a barrage of criticism
online after a video emerged of him
talking to a group of migrants 40
embarrassing that video therefore
President macron as you saw in the video
a man claims that he's from Algeria and
he's been on holiday in France for can
you believe it eight years now Mr
McGowan looked a little bit surprised
when he heard that but just so the
system go get regulated I go and get
documented so you can be in France
properly in the man says yes I'm going
to but the reaction on Twitter has been
absolute outrage that that was the
president's only reaction to a man who's
just essentially told them that he's
been undocumented in hit this country
for eight years others went as far as
saying perhaps president makan had even
disrespected france's own rules take a
look at some of the reaction on twitter
attention this is not a parody that is
the president of our republic hey mister
MacGraw thanks a lot mister micron we
are undocumented we love you so much
when the most powerful man in france
looks the other way when there is an
obvious breach of law he makes fools of
the whole country should we laugh or be
appalled
I don't blame akron specifically because
this problem did not appear yesterday
well right at the very end of the video
it does seem as if the man is trying to
retract some of his statement but matt
cotton doesn't wait very long and he
hastily moves along very aware i'm sure
that the cameras were on him and that
encounter was being filmed and surely
going to be disseminated like it was
across social media and this of course
immigration is a sore subject here in
france recently the french government
has introduced its no a new migration
bill where it's trying to make it more
difficult for people to apply for asylum
migration status here in France and also
trying to make it much more efficient to
deport undocumented illegal migrants
like that man suggested he was at the
very beginning of the video
so what Mackel probably didn't want is
to come face-to-face for somebody who's
actually saying I'm an illegal migrant
and I've been in your country for eight
years eighteen months of that of course
was under the tenure of mr. McConnell
himself and just hours before that
immigration was something that McCune
had been turkey talking about with the
German Chancellor Angela Merkel because
it is expected to be one of the big
battlegrounds ahead of next year's EU
Parliament now while mrs. Merkel has
often been happy to pose for photos and
for videos with migrant and has opened
the arms of Germany too many migrants in
the past mr. Matt corn is probably not
feeling exactly the same in heartwarming
about that encounter because as I said
it is a big battleground ahead of next
year's EU parliamentary elections and
for many mcore might be feeling that
this video could play into the hands of
his opponents more than he would
actually like
