it's conservative parties now facing a
so-called civil war after former Foreign
Minister Boris Johnson compared Prime
Minister trees amazed brexit plan to a
suicide vest it was put forward at the
beginning of July and it lays down the
UK's possible future relationship with
the EU it includes a common rule book
that was thrashed out for trade with a
bloc and how to avoid friction at the UK
EU border Britain wants the ability to
set its own tariffs and end the European
Court of Justice role in its affairs the
agreement will also end the UK's annual
payments to the EU Boris Johnson branded
maize dealers pathetic go down well in
many quarters polypoid is going to tell
us all about that now in London hey
there uproar against the comments from
Boris Johnson where is this latest spat
heading then like this business of
leaving the EU is just the source of
contention in the Tory Party it's the
source of conflict and the ruling party
just can't seem to come up with a plan
on how to exit the EU and if the
conflict was sort of a simmering fire
Boris Johnson's taken a can of petrol
and just poured it all over it set it
ablaze he's been speaking his mind
rather freely ever since he resigned as
foreign secretary over that contentious
checkers plan which is the plan for a
rather more softball brexit that was
unveiled over the summer vitae resume is
favored by those who wanted to stay in
the EU rather than the hard brexit that
those who voted leave would prefer and
over the weekend Boris Johnson wrote an
article that's really divided the
Conservative Party and in it he uses
some pretty colorful language take a
listen
we have opened ourselves to Perpetual
political blackmail
we have wrapped a suicide West around
the British constitution and hindered
the detonator to Michel banya so he's
accusing Theresa May of caving in to
Brussels and in doing so a lot of people
would say that he's trying to sort of
cement his appeal to the pro leave
population here and it appears although
he's denying it that he seems to be
positioning himself as a potential new
party leader post Theresa May
but the parties erupted in what's being
called civil war over his remarks there
is a split now it appears over those who
with Boris opposed the checkers deal
versus those who support the checkers
plan the Prime Minister and therefore
availment Lee opposed to the idea of
Boris Johnson take a listen to the
responses from the concessions for Boris
to say that the PM's view is like that
of a suicide bomber is too much
this marks one of the most disgusting
moments and modern British politics I'm
sorry but this is the political end of
Boris Johnson if it isn't now I will
make sure it is later
I'm started the nature of this attack
there is no justification for such an
atrocious inappropriate and hurtful
analogy if we don't stop this
extraordinary use of language over
brexit a country might never heal again
I say enough one man who appears to be
sort of team Boris is a hard brings a
tear Steve Baker and he says that there
is now a catastrophic split in the
Conservative Party over this issue over
how to move ahead and he says that if to
resume pushes ahead with her checkers
brexit plan there are now up to 80
members of her own party her willing to
scut with a deal to vote against her
when it gets to Parliament crucially
though he says that the probe brings it
is they just want to change the terms of
the deal they don't want to change the
Prime Minister but a lot of commentators
don't see it that way and they say that
if the party tries to scupper to ease a
maze plan well then her days as Prime
Minister are numbered as well so pretty
turbulent times anybody's guess how this
brexit battle will unfold but bear in
mind there's just 200 days to go until
the official scheduled brexit day I was
just working that out Mossad yeah just
six months to goal this times gone the
count is it's nearly honours
you
