panting migrant rallies have been held
in Germany hard on the heels of last
week's unrest in Chemnitz and the
division seems to have reached the top
level of the country security services
now they had a Germany's intelligence
agencies under fire for his latest
comments let's get latest on this go
live to our correspondent in Berlin
Peter Oliver Peter hi what has actually
been said then right well this all comes
after two weeks that we've seen
demonstrations against migrants taking
place in the city of Chemnitz over the
weekend just gone we saw more
demonstrations against migrants this was
after a 22 year old German man died
after being involved in a fight with a
number of men from Afghanistan
originally a number of migrants there
that's in the city of Curtin in
saxony-anhalt that prompted a
small-scale demonstration a few thousand
people on the streets on Sunday evening
well
panseok Masson who's the head of
germany's internal intelligence service
he's also facing big questions over
comments he made last week concerning
these my eddie's anti-migrant
demonstrations now he gave an interview
to the Bild newspaper in which she said
that videos that supposedly showed
crowds of the far-right hunting down and
trying to attack people who looked
foreign that's the words that were used
well he said that those videos were
faked and actually accused the press of
deliberately trying to mislead people
now this causes a lot of problems not
just because of those accusations made
against the press but also because
Chancellor Angela Merkel specifically
used these videos as part of her
condemnation of far-right violence now
what we've seen is the Social Democratic
Party here and the Green Party say they
want to see a parliamentary inquiry into
mr. Masson as well as many other people
saying the burdens now on him to produce
some evidence for his claims
dang DSP we are asking the government
that mr. Marcin be removed from office
since he's using his agency's authority
to present all those who've been
reporting about horrible Vanson heinous
as spreading disinformation and in doing
that
he's clearly supporting the propaganda
of the AFD and the right in general mr.
Matheson's task is to expose the enemies
of the Constitution and his latest
comments will result in the exact
opposite if he fails to immediately
provide proof for his claims that's why
we at the SPD have decided to call a
parliamentary hearing next week so that
mr. Masson has the opportunity to back
up his ass rotations that's why we at
the SPD have decided to call a
parliamentary hearing next week so that
mr. Masson has the opportunity to back
up his assertions
well the Interior Minister hosts a
Hoffer who's mr. Emerson's boss has said
that he still has faith in hans-georg
Maassen in his role as head of the beer
foul however said he must produce some
evidence to back up the claims he made
about those videos in Chemnitz now mr.
Masson is certainly facing a lot of
questions at the moment he's also facing
a number of inquiries over allegations
that he handed as did he handed
intelligence assessments on alternative
for Germany to the AFD now alternative
for Germany did organize one of the
largest demonstrations against migrants
one of the largest far-right
demonstrations in Chemnitz just the
other week they deny that any secret
meetings had taken place between mr.
Marcin and themselves however there are
a lot of people looking to mr. Masson
for questions as I say and they want
answers to those questions very very
quickly
you
