the former US President Barack Obama has
made an appearance at the University of
Illinois and urged students there to
vote in the upcoming midterm elections
during his speech he expressed to his
indignation at Donald Trump's current
policies Samira Khan takes a closer look
president Obama has returned to the
spotlight with a rousing speech almost
universally applauded by mainstream
media while attacking both Republicans
and Democrats but mostly Republicans he
bragged a lot about himself and his
achievements in office when you hear how
great the economy is doing right now
let's just remember when this recovery
started in fact a quick glance at an
economic growth chart would suggest that
these numbers were generally weaker
under Obama although admittedly a number
like GDP never tells the whole story but
what about foreign policy we helped
spread a commitment to certain values
and principles like the rule of law and
human rights and democracy Obama's
supposed commitment to human rights
involved turning two wars into seven
expanding US military operations from
just Afghanistan and rocked to Syria
Libya Yemen Somalia and Pakistan and
that policy has only continued under
Trump but surely Obama handled things
differently when it came to Russia
they're undermining our alliances
closing up to Russia what happened to
the Republican Party it's central
organizing principle in foreign policy
was the fight against communism and now
they're cozying up to the former head of
the KGB we should point out that Putin
was never head of the KGB and there was
a time when Obama mocked his opponent
Mitt Romney for using outdated Cold War
language when you were asked what's the
biggest geopolitical threat facing
America you said Russia not al-qaeda you
said Russia and the 1980s are now
calling to ask for their foreign policy
back because you know the Cold War has
been over for 20 years but let's go back
to Trump cozying up to Russia how does
that actually look the current president
has imposed sanctions on Moscow and has
even armed Ukraine something even his
predecessor
didn't want to do during his speech
Obama did spare a few moments to attack
the Democrats but bashing the
Republicans seemed to be his main goal
but over the past few decades the
politics of division of resentment and
paranoia has unfortunately found a home
in the Republican Party President Trump
couldn't care less what do you think of
President Obama's speech and I said I'm
sorry I watched it but I fell asleep I
found he's very good very good for
sleeping since leaving office President
Obama has become one of the 10 highest
paid speakers in the world he's even
giving speeches to Wall Street firms
charging hundreds of thousands of
dollars for a single speech but let's be
fair every former president wants to
defend his own legacy and why not make a
quick buck while doing it
you
