terrorists is said to be almost ready to
stage a chemical attack to frame the
Assad regime the warning has come from
Russia's Defense Ministry again which
says it has evidence that members of
terror organizations including al-nusrah
met with the controversial rescue group
with the white helmets on Friday at the
meeting various possible scenarios for
staging a chemical attack against
civilians and made to look as if carried
out by government forces were discussed
and approved all those involved in the
staging of the attack were to be ready
by the evening of September the 8th well
the news comes amid top-level
international discussions on how to
settle lead lib conflict on Friday the
15 members of the UN Security Council
met over the issue and on the same day
the Russian Turkish and Iranian
presidents held talks in Tehran on the
situation with more details now his u
gorgeou Donna it's not the first time
we're hearing warnings from the Russian
Defense Ministry about a chemical false
flag attack prepared by militants in
Italy you know some further details
apparently the militants are planning to
use chlorine 8 a barrels of chlorine
chemical of chlorine gas of the chlorine
toxin have been brought to the province
and the white helmets why they were
present allegedly at that meeting they
are supposed to cover to film the whole
thing the Russian Defense Ministry is
not the only institution making warnings
about a potential chemical attack
Washington DC for example the White
House is saying that it will be the
Assad government the Assad forces that
will use chemical weapons trying to
capture it Lib now this is kind of goes
to the contrary you compared to what the
OPCW the UN chemical watchdog is saying
because they oversaw the destruction of
the Syrian chemical stockpile a few
years ago but definitely what is what is
happening right now the situation the
chemical concern for ed Lib while it is
sending ripples from all across the
geopolitical scale just on Friday the UN
Security Council
members sat down together and you can
have a listen at the tone of how the
situation in Italy has been discussed
there are more babies in Italy than
there are terrorists and I think that
should give those engaging in military
action pause for thought when Russia and
the Assad regime's say they want to
counter terrorism they actually mean
they want to bomb schools hospitals and
homes we are firmly under the impression
that our Western partners are stoking
hysteria around Eid lib and in any case
are attempting to prevent the fall of
the last major terrorist stronghold in
Syria and this is far more geopolitical
than these stated humanitarian concerns
for the protection of civilians now it
has to be mentioned that according to
the UN special envoy to Syria Staffan de
Mistura the Assad government does have
access to chemical weapons just like
does the al-nusra front the predominant
faction in Syria said liberal but when
it comes to this northern province while
the leaders of Russia Iran and Turkey
sat down here in Tehran on Friday right
before the UN Security Council meeting
and they discussed they focused on the
situation there and what they mostly
talked about is how to get rid of
terrorists there while this area is so
densely populated by the civilians
because they agree that the Syrian land
should be cleared of terrorists but it
just they can't just bomb
they can't can't just blindly bomb them
in the area because the al-nusra front
would use civilians as a human shield
everyone knows that there are a lot of
civilians in it Lib and we must take
that into account the Russian military
and the Syrian army have always tried to
guarantee the evacuation of civilians
right now the focus seems to have
shifted completely to the chemical
concern when it comes to ed Lib
according to the Russian Defense
Ministry by the end of Saturday the
militants will have completed their
preparations so we can expect something
to come out as soon as Sunday he gorged
on earth reporting there with the
Republican State Senator Richard Black
has just returned from a fact-finding
mission
we talked to him about his experience
the Syrian army has incurred enormous
casualties in its effort to make sure
that as few civilians as as possible are
killed it is the terrorists who make it
their policy to go out and deliberately
kill civilians there's been talk about a
peaceful solution I don't see that as a
realistic possibility the terrorists who
have gathered there are the worst of the
worst these are the Wahhabist those who
feel that it is their duty to execute
all infidels history does not show that
the Syrian army has caused widespread
civilian deaths
you
