welcome to Sophie & Co I'm Sophie
Shepherd not said 40 years own the
groundbreaking music of Pink Floyd still
sounds fresh in the lyrics of Roger
Waters are as relevant as ever how hard
is the balancing act between music and
politics well I'm here in st. Petersburg
to ask the legend himself Roger Waters
musician author activist co-founder of
Pink Floyd and my guest today it's
really great to have you with us today
welcome to our show thank you everyone's
really happy that you're here looking
forward for your tour and I'm looking
for it for a little chat so I'm gonna
start from the eternal question because
you've been pushing the boundaries of
music forever at the same time the
lyrics that you write are always very
powerful so the big question is what is
more powerful the word or the music well
the way the way that I work it they have
equal importance I mean the trick with
with songs and I'm never quite sure
where it comes from but it's to do with
the way the feelings that are in the
lyric of the songs and the ideas that
are in the lyrics of the song somehow
get kicked into a more accessible place
by having to relate to the meter of the
music I don't know it's a kind of
magical thing is I feel a bit like I'm
kind of pulling the wings of a butterfly
even to talk about it because it's sort
of mysterious you know writing song it's
a sort of a mystery how it happens or
why it happens where the connections are
made between the heart and the soul and
the brain and the intellect and the
nature of if one is intellectually
inquisitive about the world that one
lives in and so on and so forth it's
just a way of I don't have been being
alive you get this question a lot in
different forms but I never really cried
grasped an answer for instance if you go
to a Paul McCartney
was a great musician and a friend of
yours from what I gather you forget
about Syria and sanctions for one night
and you have that little space for three
hours to think about love or heartbreak
or I don't know family friendship you
would never be okay with giving your
audience or people just that what is it
about does music always have to be fused
with a certain message or else it makes
less sense and it's not as important no
there's no no there's no has to or
doesn't have to or I think my father was
dead so I never really knew him at all
but my mother gave me a great gift when
I was a child and that was she said that
the only thing that was fundamentally
important to her was to care for other
human beings to empathize with others so
for instance she was a school teacher
she had my brother and I to bring up on
her own and she would she was very
political so if she would go to a
political meeting often in the evening
she drug us along with her and we sit
there and the British China Friendship
Association or something I'm beset this
is specific and we would watch grainy
movies about the heroic struggle of that
you know of mount of Mao and the Long
March and that Chinese people's fighting
against the Japanese and the puppet
government and blah but after the
meetings in Cambridge where I bought up
would be in the Friends Meeting House
which is that the home of the Quakers
which a religious sect Allah I'll never
forget what my mum said to me one day
when we were leaving she said you know
where we are
you know and I said yeah yeah well I
didn't really it's a school the Friends
Meeting house right it's the Quakers
there it's a Christian sect she said as
you know I'm an atheist so I cannot
subscribe to their religious beliefs but
they are very very good people and I
thought wow how cool is that now I still
he is saying it so I guess you're very
much like your mother from what you
described right now I have the house
well me and you very outspoken and you
always say what you think and you're
very adamant to get your message through
and you've been political throughout all
your life from day one of your career
but people now are saying you know maybe
waters should just stick to music they
never really say it before and I wonder
why it has become so pervasive now has
your message change does it become more
acute why are they all of a sudden
realizing that Roger Waters along with
great music is obviously working because
they're asleep because they are the
victims of neo liberalism you know the
Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher
wrote to the world and that has spread
all basically certainly through Western
culture and Western politics and things
and it a part of part of the way that it
works is is to anesthetize people and
almost make it uncomfortable for people
to hear anything real you know this is
this so it's difficult for some people
and I do I get people I mean in America
we'd get people walking out of the show
it's not many maybe four or five out of
20,000 you know but nevertheless of him
what why doesn't he just shut up and
play the music you know and I sometimes
speak to them because I speak to the
audience most places that I play now and
sometimes some I'm a bit playful how
ready are they to hear that cuz Muslim
are like they're just to trip on breathe
for instance rate and then you're
speaking to them like really trying to
get them out of their comfort zone
unfortunately we don't educate ourselves
or our children well enough and and the
reason we don't do that is a well in
America I live in the United States
America United States of America they
spend nothing on public education and
the reason is in my view
I'm always ready to be wrong about
everything they want to keep the
electorate ignorant and mindless and
unthinking and malleable and pliable and
very open to the use of consumerism and
propaganda to keep them under control to
maintain you know the Orwellian notion
of the sheep and that whatever whatever
whatever so I'm gonna get to the Western
mainstream because I really want to hear
your views on that but a little bit
about you before we get to the bigger
things when Iraq war was taking place
you said that your songs from the wall
we're as relevant as ever and now you're
on tour the tour is called us Plus them
that's a song from the dark side and
obviously you feel like it's relevant
today but you know what hasn't really
changed in the last 40 years I mean no
iPhone 135 thousand will ever change the
fact from what we see that people were
killing each other for religion or oil
or gas or money or they're still
continuing to doing today as if they're
doing like 2,000 years ago does it like
discourage you demoralize you what keeps
you driving because you've been out
there for 40 years and all your songs
were relevant then irrelevant now but
things don't really change well that's
true but we have to remember that 40
years is it's sort of irrelevant in in
terms of the history of Homo sapiens and
and also in terms of thought in terms of
the way things develop and and the
potential that we have to change systems
you know first of all you really have to
go back to say well I'm glad that I was
born after the Enlightenment if you like
you know I'm glad I'm I'm glad the
French Revolution happened a couple of
hundred years ago so that we can have
the Declaration did what the loan is in
our back pocket if we want it I agree
with that that is a good thing this is
something that I can cling to but and
then that dad that puts a stand
somewhere differ
than the people who would suggest that I
shouldn't be political a rock-and-roll
shows what are you talking about what
should shouldn't be it's none of your
business
and you could not come or you can come
but you can't influence me with an
opinion about something like it's not
your music it's my music it's not your
job it's my job it's my life this is
what I do and it's what I've always done
if you thought you were a fan of Pink
Floyd and you didn't notice that that's
what I did when I was running Pink Floyd
you're an idiot in that but I don't want
to hear life is too short for me to
listen to idiots I'm not interested in
their opinions I'm interested in the
opinions of people who are thoughtful or
caring or something I'll have something
about them that that there are certain
people that you meet you talk to and
it's like reading a great book let's
talk about you and what you believe in
or you're very outspoken about yours you
know you're an avid supporter of the
boycott divestment sanctions movement
you urge colleagues to follow suit
latest example Lana Del Rey there is no
question that when you say things you
believe them and you take full
responsibility for it but how fair is it
to actually you know shame some of your
colleagues into not going to Israel or
you know pressure them to think like you
they don't because you are your own
person and you're completely entitled to
thinking that okay my alternative is to
say nothing I can't say no when civil
society and Palestine has reached out to
the rest of global civil society which
it did in 2004 and and specifically the
PAP hcvl
like the cultural work good thing they
reached they specifically reached out to
artists and cultural figures and
academics in the rest of the world and
said we are dying we're dying here we're
dying please help us please do not go
and to Israel and perform if they offer
you an academic accolade or award please
refuse it this is the only way we can
think of now after the to infant how
does that make Israel's government
change their minds well pretty chic look
what they're doing now they're trying
now to make BDS illegal in the United
States and in France and in Germany and
to some extent that because BDS has
shown the light on what they are
actually doing but it's they don't seem
to be learning anything from it at the
moment but they are swaying public
opinion all over the world now by
killing those hundred and fifty kids and
in the great March the return home the
protests near the fence that's around
the prison people are opposed by that
people because it's almost impossible
not to be if you see it yeah you have to
sit BDS helps people see it I help
people see it I pass on as much of it as
I can always because it's so important
to me
still there's another side to this story
and that's just regular Israelis some of
them still come to your show they
haven't even know like voted for
Netanyahu they're not for settlements
how far is it to punish them people tell
me that unfortunately still it's a huge
majority of Israeli Jews believe that
the policies in relation to Gaza
in relation to the settlements and
relations with building permits normally
a fine they don't stick problem with it
this is a big big majority of Israelis
maybe not not not Israeli Arabs ooh but
there are only 20% of the population so
that 80% of the 80% there is a
resistance and I know many of them a
friends of mine yeah but it's not huge
numbers we're gonna take a short break
right now and when we're back we'll
continue talking to Roger Waters
legendary musician activist co-founder
of Pink Floyd stay with us
and we're back with Roger Waters Roger
your strong opinions about other things
I know that the white helmets at some
point they asked you for your help and
you're like no because you're a weird
organization and the white helmets why
how much approached me twice once was
for a fundraiser in London organized by
the Syria campaign okay and I looked in
it I thought the something who are these
people and and so I did a fair bit of
research what is it that you see
organization that the Western mainstream
doesn't well I don't a minute Oh what
what is it yeah well um French because
they're always the current idolized in
the West for instance well okay but I'll
tell you just just a couple of things we
could be here all day talking about the
white helmets because that is a very
deep rabbit hole for a star it there is
no evidence to support the idea that
it's a cross roots organization in
rebel-held territories in Syria that
grew up from people who just wanted to
go and help civilians get out of bomb
builders no no evidence to support that
so that's one thing when I made my
speech I gave a little speech in
Barcelona because the other thing is a
French guy who supports the white
helmets he goes around the world
climbing tall buildings wearing a white
helmet and he said I want to come on
stage and give a message to the children
of Syria we haven't forgotten you can I
come and I went no you can't come on
stage and say that I mean I'm sure he's
sincere and and whatever but I explained
why this happened it my gig was on April
the 14th this year yeah this year in
Barcelona on April the 7th it is alleged
there was a chemical attack in duma in
syria and a video appeared with people
hosing down children of
kids would get you know masks on their
faces and blah blah blah and all of that
made by white helmets and the white
helmets sent this video and it went
viral about only I evidence of that
video for governments of the United
States of America or the UK and the
Republic of France all decided to go and
bomb Syria and I've just on the basis of
that I stood up on stage and said I
think I have this this I think it would
be a huge error to go and bomb F fields
in Syria until we know what happened the
United States in the UK and France D
send a hundred cruise missiles to Syria
I don't think they did much damage thank
goodness they didn't kill people but
they did do that and they did and then
the people left and the next day two
journalists went to Robert Fisk who
worked for the independent but a
perfectly reputable English News
broadsheet worst tabloid havoc sleeper
and and also a stranger journalist he
was working for a conservative Christian
TV station from Texas and his name was
Pearson shop and they both extensively
went all over doom but they both went to
the hospital where the video had been
shot and everybody told them the same
story absolutely nobody knew anything
about any chemical attack the doctor
said there was no chemical attack we had
a few people in who'd got dust in their
throats there was not a single death in
Dubai that day nobody nobody was killed
certainly nobody was affected by
chemicals of any kind and so this is two
independent journalists in that and
sending out these reports that were
unequivocal and I believe I believe them
to be true funnily enough the official
you know chemical
weapons inspectors went in four or five
weeks later with all their stuff and
their report came out and they said they
couldn't find a single trace of any
nerve agent
they found chlorinated something that I
can't remember how this phrase which
could be a bag of salt it could be
anything you know but so they did not
sedate the official report is now out
nobody read it it wasn't news you
couldn't see it on CNN because it's not
the narrative that they follow their
narrative is that there was a chemical
attack and the white helmets are
wonderful I just have to say this one
more thing as I said this in Oslo and I
will say whenever this comes out if
there is a grassroots body call the
white helmets of volunteers separate for
the people who actually it started in
Istanbul it wasn't it didn't start Syria
was started by an English soldier in
Istanbul but if that body exists and
they and they go and help people after
you know it as sad or the Russians or
somebody else's drop bombs on them then
I I support them wholeheartedly with
every fiber of my being
but all the evidence points to the fact
that that is not the reality I don't
know if you did you did you see the the
documentary that won the Oscar yes I
have I mean have you ever seen anything
so obviously scripted and carefully shot
and put - did that look like a
documentary that come out of a water
that's another thing I won't talk to you
about you're saying carefully scripted
you used it is not their narrative
that's why the report from the
inspectors is not making a mainstream
media in the United States when you say
like you know I'm critical of US
airstrikes for Syria or you say you know
I believe after looking into it that
they
helmets are a shady organization from
what I've gathered or likes creep all
case is sorry strange then they say
right away that you are putting
sympathizer that you're aligned with the
Russian authorities crucially sure if
you were and who you are I'm just saying
about outright nuts in kind of won't be
attacked for being unarmed
why is it someone I don't even know if
you like putting order why is it that
someone that doesn't express an opinion
that's in line with the State Department
is like scarlet letter like branded like
a Russian spy or like a Kremlin
sympathizer as if like you can't think
for yourself well well I mean clearly
clearly the war mongers are doing it
because they want to promote the idea of
having war with Iran first and maybe
Russia second there's a lot of money in
war and I know that this sounds like
crazy conspiracy theory stuff but it's
not why are they spending six hundred
billion dollars a year going into
foreign countries that are none of their
business and killing brown people and
Muslims why what's it for you know if
you start asking those input why why are
you doing this is it because you're
scared cuz they can to attack you
because they hate your freedom well I
mean the narrative is nonsensical in
every possible way the u.s. narrative
yeah and they'll probably throw me out
eventually if the commies have no idea
I've no idea did you feel that danger I
feel that people are trying to silence
me I mean obviously on the BDS issue
they've been trying to silence me they
threatened me as well where would you go
well written Oh what you mean if if I
didn't live in the United
I don't know no I wouldn't go back to
the UK I don't think what you can read
Portugal
we're not Russia um well why Russia
country maybe right no I've no idea
can I ask you another thing have you
noticed that the general
we may also that the American officials
allow themselves to have when they come
when it comes to speaking about the
Russians I mean I've just heard this
American politician say Russians are
genetically driven to co-opt and
penetrate that's a quote and I was
thinking oh my god like if any of the
Americans special officials were caught
saying that about Jews are the African
Americans that would be like the end of
their career yeah why is it okay and why
is it allowed to speak about Russians
like that - well because because the
mainstream media in the United States of
America have been selling this narrative
to the general public for the last I
don't know four years I would I think it
goes but how long do you think it goes
back I would say about fully I think it
started started during Obama period it
became really bad during the
presidential campaign and it's gotten
even worse ever since Trump as an office
yeah well that's true I mean I've had
when I was making this this record I
just made this is the life we really
want the guy was producing the record
producing this record with me started
telling me about how farty how Artie was
just pure propaganda nothing but a pack
of lies on it will i watch Artie so I've
said that's you can't see a documentary
about fracking on American television
because they weren't they're not
interested in in in in telling you
anything about anything you know it's so
so obvious now that CNN and all the
Americans all of them they're all the
same MSNBC or to Fox and everything in
between
maybe not discovery now maybe that's the
one little piece of TV in the United
States where you can occasionally get a
glimpse of the reality of what it's like
to be human per professed if it is just
just propaganda
and and that I still don't know though
why is the whole Russia thing I've said
this to audiences as well I said there's
some time in you know other countries
women in America said to have you any
idea who the Russians are have you ever
met a Russian person I said because I've
met many Russians and I don't not saying
I know many Russians very well
but I do know this there are Russian
people gave up 20 million lives in the
second world war to save you from the
Nazis and you want to go around with a
stick and poke at them are you insane
you have no idea what you're talking
about
and also you know nothing about the
country or the people who ever
it's just finger pointing why won't you
work for office because I have important
things to do I do matter okay
along those important things thanks a
lot for talking to us and stay tuned on
RT okay because I like you watching us I
will okay good luck with everything
hey thank you so much
you
you
