hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
as a syrian arab army
embarks upon liberating the last major
anti-government area of big Lib tensions
are high
this international proxy conflict looks
to be coming to an end for all intents
and purposes Assad is one this is an
outcome Washington and its regional
allies refused to accept
crosswalking syria i'm joined by my
guest Sami Hamdi in London he's the
editor in chief of international
interests as well as a geopolitical risk
consultant and in Beirut we cross to
Marwick Osman she's a journalist and
university lecturer all right crosstalk
rules on the fact that means he can jump
in anytime you want and I always
appreciate well let me go to you first
in Beirut because there seems to be a
constellation of forces that are coming
together tensions are very very high we
have a official in the US government
speaking to The Washington Post that the
u.s. is intentionally keeping Syria a
quagmire to get what they want I'm
paraphrasing what Washington wants we
also have you know the American fleet
being bolstered up off the coast of
Syria in the Mediterranean the Russians
are doing the same thing the Russians
are warning the world that there could
be a false flag chemical attack which of
course John Bolton of the National
Security Council has said if there is a
some kind of chemical attack the US
would get involved this is this is a bad
train wreck happening right before our
eyes who wants all the tension here go
ahead and Beirut well I would start by
saying that that statement coming from
the US might be the most honest
statement to be said for the past seven
years meaning keeping Syria as a
quagmire because that's exactly what the
US strategy is in Syria no strategy for
Syria that's what it is
so basically Russia and the Syrian Arab
army or the Air Force of the student
Arab army have been pausing the
offensive against Italy for the past 22
days and they started again about a week
or so or less than a week ago they
started the offensive after giving 22
days of possible negotiations whether
with the terrorists for some sort of an
channel for them to come clean and and
maybe go home wherever they came from
and a chance for the displaced people
for the people who are afraid of the
terrorists or afraid to get maybe a
squeezed within the bombardment campaign
to leave the area and as well for the
u.s. to try and put a frame on its
straight
gee try and tell the world what it wants
from Syria because obviously just like
you said it is very obvious that
President Bashar Assad has won the war
has retaken control over the land that
was taken by Isis by Al Qaeda and by the
other al Qaeda affiliates around the
Mascis and on the outskirts of the on
the governor rates that are on the
outskirts of the country now what the US
wants basically we cannot know but what
we know is they have been aiding certain
groups on the eastern side of Syria they
also have been aiding certain groups on
the southern part of Syria now in Eid
Lib that's that's a very big question of
who are they actually listening to or
who are they helping because we have
more than 70,000 insurgents 10,000 of
which are actually designated by the UN
as terrorists okay Sammy how do you
reflect upon all that because you know
at least on my side of the divide and we
differ and that's why I'm glad you're on
the program here it looks like the the
US and its allies including Israel
recent reports of the kind of aid that
Israel has given to rebels and other
groups you know rebels terrorists we can
use all these terms here but that's come
to light here I mean it seems to me on
my side of the divide is that the US and
its allies are protecting al Qaeda in
out al Qaeda type characters in it live
that's the perception here how do you
reflect upon that go ahead Sammy I think
it's very important that we don't lump
everybody and say US and their allies
because each of these allies as you
mentioned them has a different strategy
I think I agree with Marla that the US
doesn't have a strategy
it tried to prop up the Kurds as a
viable political card to use against I
said in the event that he won the war
and in the event Damascus would lean
towards Moscow I think Israel is very
limited its involvement - just curbing
the Iranian influence and no more than
that it seems that every time Iran gets
closer to the border Israel gets
involved Iran comes back a little bit
Israel goes back home the Turks are
heavily involved the Turks are the ones
who have links to the rebel movement
some of these members of these rebel
movements have declared links to
al-qaeda that's that's very true
however we should be wary that we should
not paint the whole Syrian Revolution as
one that is being dominated by these
terrorist groups it's true that they are
powerful factions in the terrorist
organizations but it is the very failure
of the US and international community to
support the desires of the Syrian people
that allowed the terrorist groups to
come to the fore in the first place it
was the failure of the international
community to back the Free Syrian Army
when it was made up of honest Syrians
looking for a very respectful and
dignified life after years of
dictatorship that failure allowed the
likes of Isis al Qaeda to come to the
fore I also think we should be wary when
we say Assad has won the war because 30%
of Syria is still under rebel-held
territory 30% of Syria the northeast
sections of the north where the Turkish
army is still there training a new free
Syria Army the US forces are still in
members Iranian forces are still in the
south the militia Sammy I said is not
for taking Sammy you know let's be clear
in you've had a very broad brush here ok
very broad brush ok you had your piece
let me go to Marwa Iran was mentioned
here
well Iran is a sovereign country so is
Syria Syria under the mantle of the
United Nations United Nations Charter is
allowed is allowed to invite a second
country and to defend itself so what
Iran is doing their place hold on here
Sammy also Israel's involvement striking
Syria 200 times over the last 18 months
you would you don't call that
involvement I would call that involve
equal time equal time mara go ahead and
compared to the word Russian there are
military agreements between countries
maybe the military agreements only for
some reason for certain people they only
fall on the on the shoulders of the West
but we cannot have coalition's we cannot
have alliances we cannot have people who
sign military agreements with one
another that's just that that doesn't
have anything to do what what's
happening on the ground and another
thing that I'm a bit a bit confused
about you have rebels in the
northeastern part of Syria you have US
occupation in the northeastern part of
Syria we all know that you have you
don't have rebels on the South you have
al-qaeda terrorists who have been
treated who have been supported and have
been funded by Israel it's not an
involvement whether they are
striking Iranian posts or not they take
their warplanes go illegally go through
the airspace of Lebanon strike Syrian
sovereign state and then go back to
their occupied territories this is a war
it's not an involvement now to talk more
about I'd like to go back to the real
issue here and Alip is a huge deal
because it is the last resort for the
terrorists inside of Syria and yes
there's a huge involvement for Turkey I
do agree with that and yes the turkey
has certain channels a communication
challenge open with the large groups
inside of Eid Lib mainly the free syrian
army but if the free syrian army and
several governor aides have agreed for
your conciliation with syria we could
get names and numbers and dates if you
want they did actually have an open
channel with the government at the end
because they don't want to see anyone
dying in vain but on the other hand we
have a racial islam we have as i think
it's the i think something with with the
hawk inside of it because they're more
than material shaman and more more which
are directly affiliated to al-qaeda they
have openly said that they will fight
till the last drop of blood well there
you go
syria will have to retain control of
that area it will have to get the people
out of there just like it did in eastern
hota the people were blockaded they were
under siege because of these terrorists
who were taking away the money taken
away the food that's exactly the same
thing in italy and if you watch the
syrian national channel you could see
the people walking on foot crossing the
border now from ad lib or on buses
assigned by the student arab army and
they say horrific issues because of
these terrorists there are no rebels
there was no revolution i'm sorry if we
go back to justice sure would and we'll
go back to data this has been the case
since the early 2011 months it is not a
revolution it was a pre-paid pre-funded
and pre-organized war against Syria okay
I think it's such thing with it live
here I mean the Arab Syrian army has
made it very very clear that that is its
next target in liberating the country
okay and I'm glad that Marwa brought it
up the u.s. is illegally occupying area
in Syria against international law and
we'll get to what America's vested
interest is and being there in the first
place
later here
but it's very clear that they're going
to take a glib why wouldn't the people
that are occupying it in their
supporters in the country and outside
the country have some kind of
humanitarian vein of somehow separating
or having their terrorist friends get
out of that city okay because it's going
to happen go ahead so I think you're
delivering your message to the wrong
party first and foremost I find it
extremely ironic that we criticize the
United States for their in Syrians and
the Russians and the uses giant
organizations the United States will not
invited their Syria point entirely
bullshit listen to my sentence it has
nothing to do with what you just said my
point is this that the narrative you are
using is the same narrative the u.s.
uses to justify Afghanistan and Iraq
which is that they are fighting
terrorists they are not fighting
terrorists in Iraq some of the groups
some of the groups are linked to
terrorist organizations this is true but
they are not the majority the majority
are rebels fighting against a
dictatorial regime hell-bent on crushing
the flow we have known for Syrian regime
millions of Syrians and no one can hear
us no one can hear one word we're saying
all right Sammy hang on Pizza
hang on Sammy I'll give you 20 seconds
to finish up and then we're gonna go to
the break just say it clearly so
anywhere everyone can understand go
ahead 20 psycho pizza the rhetoric that
is being used by with by the people that
you are representing in terms of the
narrative you're trying to bring to the
debate the discussion this is the same
narrative that the u.s. uses the u.s.
says in Iraq Afghanistan we are fighting
terrorists no same
no this is thing to see where your city
doesn't make any sense I have to jump in
here we're good to go to a short break
and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on Syria stay
with art welcome back to crosstalk where
all things are considered I'm Peter
LaBelle German Jew we're discussing
Syria in a very spirited way
okay let me go back to Beirut here
I appoint about you know why the United
States is there okay first of all the
sovereign government of Syria has not
invited the United States military to be
in its country it has invited under
international law in the UN Charter
it is asked Russia and Iran to come and
to protect its sovereignty that is all
legal in every country can do that here
now Marwa what is the national security
interest geopolitical interest of the
United States continuing this war
because from what we've heard that's
exactly what they want to do when the
possibility they're heard two different
formats right now happening I think it's
gonna be next week attempting again to
try to find some kind of path to this
end to this conflict here so I mean what
does the United States really want to
achieve here it's very unclear unless it
is chaos go ahead in Beirut it is it is
actually organized chaos with more
resources and more marine routes and
obviously to protect its main military
base in the region which is the Zionist
entity which is Israel now what the US
wants it could be actually chopped up
into parts it might want something in
let's say in the eastern part of Syria
in the eastern of the afraid it's and
something entirely different on the
southern part of Syria so it's based
basically it is connected to the border
lines it's connected to who's gonna be
the neighbor of Syria on that area for
example they have a totally different
strategy when it comes to the Kurds of
Syria and hosaka and and Qamishli but
they have a very different one when it
comes to Italy which is basically
nothing just like we said but to go back
to the the u.s. presence it's not only
illegal it is an occupation and it has
it gives every right for the Syrian
government to find any sort of help to
rid itself from this occupation and this
aggression I mean look at what the US is
doing in Yemen it has an entire
coalition illegally bombing and blockade
in Yemen for four years this is the
exact same thing was supposed to happen
in Syria has it not been for the Friends
of Syria and we're specifically talking
about Russia Iran and Hezbollah after
put three years
- is under Hezbollah because it is still
exact because it is still spoken and the
mainstream media that is a terrorist
Ruben it's not
they basically protected us they secured
us they secured my family to begin with
from terrorists and then they secured
other areas with the help of the Syrian
Arab army now back to what the US wants
from ad lib here is the question that
resides with Turkey with Erdogan himself
look at what happening in Turkey it is a
chaotic economic situation right now
it is a rather than himself I said I'm
gonna rid my country from the US dollar
and that's the catastrophe both way
catastrophe because Italy is very
important a friend is even more
important and Men Bush is even more
important which is and Aleppo as well so
all of these areas are basically a fight
between what the US would want to see in
that area and what Turkey wants with
Russia and Syria because now we have
seen the rhetoric from Turkey against
Syria is basically reciting because of
the Russian intermediation between both
states and I think that after they might
see mediation between Syria and Turkey
mediation that's a key word here Sammy I
think all of it we have different
opinions so this program I'm doing I'm
sure our viewers do too but Sammy I
think you and I can say this war should
come to an end how would you put it to
an end
go ahead Sam I think first and foremost
it's not Russia that's doing the
mediation it's Turkey Tech is the one
that's gone to Moscow Moscow and the
Tehran and said let me talk to the rebel
movements and try to get them to
withdraw it is the Syrian army and the
Iranians who are desperate to store mid
Lib and cause one of the greatest
humanitarian crises that we've seen in
this particular war with regards to
Syria it's a tragedy Syria is a story of
a people that wanted to rise up against
a brutal dictatorship one of the worst
in the region and Russia and Iran says
no you stay under this dictatorship and
you obey Bashar al Assad this is the
reality of what happens we can talk all
day about the US but the US has no
strategy you know but you can say no
idea what this didn't interact Marat you
didn't interact model you did not get
back treated just I have to fact-check
you I have to fact-check you alright no
fact-checking that you have to do with
me aside
you called Assad remember that I
remember that are you the u.s. is not
the moral code here I'm not using the
u.s. as a moral code the US is violating
the region in Iraq and Afghanistan me
and you can agree on that perfectly
sound and fine the Syrian people are
innocent of the machination of the u.s.
of Russia Sammy I'm asking you how you
want to go back to 2011 I want to stand
to go 2018 come on it's a simple
question Sammy no you always stopped me
just as I'm about to answer but you're
not answering built building on what
I've said the solution is that the
international community comes to its
senses it backs the Syrian rebel
movement pushes acid where were they al
Qaeda forces the Russian how new source
gives Ukraine to Russia if it's Ukraine
you want have Ukraine but please leave
Syria who you back the Syrian movement
against a dictatorial regime I'm just
trying to bring tomorrow let me give you
guys are doing again don't do it again
Sammy don't do it again don't do it
again face Marwat
let me give you an example no no Sammy
please don't filibuster filibuster it's
almost out of time Marwa in beirut let
me give you an example the example of
Aleppo remember the media high-spec
Lippo is going to be destroyed it was
going to be a humanitarian crisis never
happened what happened was a can you cut
his mic because I'm talking all right
okay
no I'm respecting the people of Syria
after a war that never should have
happened in the first place okay so
Marwa let's use the example okay go
ahead Sammy it's just to calm down a bit
and I'll just what I would like to ask
him and everyone who has questions it's
it's it's legitimate to ask questions
whether there was a revolution or not
but let us go
when asked the Syrian people when was
the last time that Sami actually went to
Syria I have been throughout the war to
Syria talking to residents talking to
locals talking to the people who have
been through the war I'm actually going
to Syria back in in two weeks now to
actually talk again to those people and
probably go to the frontline as well to
talk to more the two locals who have
been fleeing and the areas because these
are the people have the stories to tell
us it's not me it's not Sami it's not
the international community because it's
not there what has the international
community done to Yemen to Libya to
Afghanistan to Iraq absolutely nothing
it's a complete example these the words
don't repeat the words don't repeat the
words of the mainstream media okay all
right Sammy Sammy is in your opinion I
mean if we're talking about Syria hang
on here we got a sound delay here with
Beirut do it Sammy
do you think that the u.s. is looking
for a conflict with Russia and Iran in
Syria the US is paralyzed on foreign
policy it has no idea what it wants to
do Trump wants to be friends with Russia
James mattis wants to be enemies with
Russia the u.s. is paralyzed we cannot
talk about a u.s. foreign policy in
Syria because it doesn't know what it
wants to do we can only talk about
Turkey Russia Iran a Bashar al-assad we
can't even talk about Saudi Arabia
because it's now out of the balances of
power completely the reality is the
reality is in Syria today you have Italy
which is on the verge of a humanitarian
crisis we care about humanitarian crisis
we've heard it was only the Russians who
are stopping him right now we Russians
are stopping him over it the Russians
are stopping essayed right now on Eid
Lib
only because they're unsure how the US
will react because the u.s. killed 300
Russian troops a few months the Russians
the US Russia is worried about what the
US will do one Russia is not bombing
terrorists Russia is propping up a
dictatorial regime bombing the daylights
out of Libya Iranian
to southern Syria they have perfidy and
now as I've heard this way I've heard
this report as Russia intentionally
bombs hospitals but America accidentally
bombs hospitals that's the narrative in
the West I'm not defending the US Peter
I'm not a present present I don't
present the view of the US you are the
Turks the tanks are the only people
simply answer my question this conflict
ends conflict ends with you that's the
Syrian movement and removes Russia and
Iranian involvement from Syria not to
prop up a family who have ruled for
decades I know where the opposition is
tomorrow I know where the opposition is
they're waiting outside the outskirts of
Langley
ok and they'll be will be parachuted in
when they're needed ok and that's
exactly how a game harsh with Syria and
I could tell you how should Syria and
she's Syria should end by eliminating
that terrorists just like other
governors from community this is why the
international community has failed all
of these countries in the most botched
foreign policy endeavor that's covered
decades where was the international
community they were silent because it's
the Washington Consensus that's why it's
all failed here and I think that we have
all of us have failed the Syrian people
because this conflict never should have
happened
I mean how many Weger Sami are fighting
in Syria with terrorists what are they
doing there no one asked them to be
there no one asks the Americans to be
there
no one asked NATO NATO assets to bomb
the infrastructure of Syria ok I suppose
you're going to say Russia destroyed
Syria that is simply probably untrue
in my mouth pizza I didn't say that to
okay marwell gonna be the last word on
this very spirited is a Chinook Raza
go right ahead okay my last word would
be a word that definitely these upcoming
weeks are gonna be very decisive weeks
when it comes to ad lib I believe we're
gonna see in ad lib the same thing that
we saw in Daraa and Aleppo a complete
cleaning and cleansing of the terrorists
in the area for people to go back for
institutions to work again for the
infrastructure to be built again just
like every part of Syria look at Aleppo
now they're having festivals again look
at that ah the kids are going to school
again so this is exactly what's gonna
happen an ad lib but I think what's
what's new here is gonna be the Turkish
stand I think turkey at Lagaan will have
to take a historic stance with Syria
with the Syrian government
whatever it was a time to leave Sami is
absolutely right and Maher was
absolutely right turkey is a key player
here and we'll be discussing it probably
next week here on crosstalk many thanks
to my guests in London and in Beirut and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here at RT see you next time and
remember our stock goes
