and to its British counterparts through
the diplomatic channels moreover I'd
like to say that we have repeatedly been
told by Great Britain that the they
cannot send information through
diplomatic channels the Russian embassy
can request hospitals or the police
stations of the Russian embassy in Great
Britain did what it was recommended to
do and we started to ask police stations
and hospitals and so on a couple of
minutes months later when those
hospitals and those stations had a lot
of requests from Russia and also didn't
find time to answer this request we got
another piece of advice the Russian
embassy is not supposed to initiate any
requests to British police stations and
hospitals but instead it should appeal
to British diplomats through the state
structures channels our embassy decided
to indeed send such a request to foreign
office all of our requests and once
again we show you only part of them on
the screen and there's even one so most
of the requests the majority of them
didn't get any reply even an unofficial
promise to reply so when Theresa May
says that Russia was given some options
and Russia behaved in a very non
constructive way over lied it's not just
a truth it is a misinformation so once
again Russia repeatedly sent requests to
Britain and demand those requests there
were practical questions about what
happened in an iceberg and Salisbury
besides we also
ask the British side not only give
specific data to help our own
investigation in Russia we also ask for
access to the street past family
we also offer to Great Britain
repeatedly for the representatives of
two law enforcement bodies of the two
states to work jointly it is it was
totally absurd what was taught on the
assy meeting the statements of a number
of countries that asked Russia to start
interaction with the British
investigation it is something quite
absurd it is beyond my comprehension
so they request to the British outside
were even published we had to do that
not all of them but part of them we need
is it shall there be need to publish all
of them you will do that although it is
not something that is accepted among the
diplomats but what London does also
doesn't comply with any diplomatic
practices once again I'd like to confirm
I'd like to draw attention to the fact
that we received a lot of questions
regarding if we shall say who those
people who are if we should deny a
confirm that we have to do with these
case once again I'd like to point out
that once we received first information
about what had happened in Salisbury
the Russian Federation voiced an
official statement those were not
groundless it was not only at the
political level but also at the highest
level made by the president we said that
the Russian Federation has nothing to do
with what happened in Salisbury so
another case that another statement on
the 5th of September in London another
attempt to draw attention of the
international community states NGOs and
journalists using these
and trying to present them as
photographs of people who have anything
to do with the Russian law-enforcement
bodies is a classic example of
misinformation our stance has been well
known in London we've published that and
we've sent that through the diplomatic
channels to Great Britain's we have
delivered that to the British ambassador
and to our embassy in London and the
British government has been informed
about this many times to continue I'd
like to repeat the thesis that we've
already stated first of all intervention
on the 5th of September as well as our
interventions on Salisbury and 8th Barry
I'll deliver it in an unacceptable man
fashion second this statement as well as
the earlier statements our prime
minister may have categorical
accusations of Russia
third all of the accusations stated by
Great Britain are categorically denied
by Russia I think that we say a lot by
praising this out in this manner and
this statement has been made for many
times over the five months we've been
repeating the Russian stance at all
levels the fourth paid attention to the
fact that the statement said that only
Russia has technical experience and
opportunities to use the so-called nava
chalk and only Russia has motives to use
it in Salisbury statement was delivered
after the WP CEO has made a statement in
The Hague and the only evidence the only
evidence on which the British side
puts all its accusations the photographs
are not evidence these are just picture
of the so-called suspects but as for the
evidence again we are offered to just
believe what they saved and once again
I'd like to underscore that this is the
only evidence what they say is that
exclusively Russia has the motives to
apply toxic agents and only Russia has
technical possibility and experience in
the use of the so-called knowledge once
again there are representatives of the
diplomatic worse and the OPCW
representatives mentioned that on the
webpage of the Foreign Ministry of
Russia we stated what countries tested
what these agent what can just have an
opportunity to produce it and it was not
only asked who told you that I'd like to
remind the official statements of you
European Union countries and it was
confirmed later that such toxic agents
were produced and tested in the EU
country so that means a lot of
experience regarding Nava check belongs
to Great Britain and to the US and they
are the main beneficiaries of this
global setup I'd like to pay attention
to the fact that the foreign ministry
webpage has published a lot of materials
regarding this issue and we will upgrade
these materials on time on the status of
a guest IAEA Director General published
another report on the verification
activities in Iran on the jcpoa and the
relevant resolution 22:33 of the UNSC
the document would be
consider it on the opening session on
the chance of September of the board of
governors of the IAEA is the Director
General
once again confirms that Iran fulfills
its obligations under the jcpoa this is
the confirmation of the exclusively
peaceful nature of the Iran's nuclear
program and it shows that regarding this
question the jcpoa is efficiently coping
with the tasks that it was assigned term
as of today Iran is the country that is
verified but the most by the IAEA and
the Tarrance approach confirms that it
wants to retain retain their agreements
wants it to be in force and Russia
supports this stance we continue our
work on the jcpoa and its maintenance
also together with the other parties to
this agreement on the 10th of September
Geneva 39 UN Human Rights Council the
agenda is going to be very intense that
there will be discussions on the number
of human rights issues including the
indigenous peoples issue the prevention
of genocide the consequence of
unilateral sanctions racial
discrimination racism xenophobia and the
intolerant sincere dramedy elderly's
rights the right to development to just
and democratic world order the use of
mercenaries the human rights aspects of
combat against the modern forms of
slavery and forced disappearance and
arbitrary detentions it's planned to
consider the situation of the human
rights in number of countries including
Syria and Ukraine the council is going
to draw outcomes of the universal free
radical review by 14 countries including
the Russian Federation on the sidelines
of the session Russian NGOs are going to
halt a number of events on the
counteraction of modern forms of racism
xenophobia and problem of the reduction
of the media space in Russian in Baltic
countries and Ukraine
the same time the Russian delegation is
going to present masters masters
programs on education in the field of
Human Rights that for many years has
been successfully implemented in the
Russian Federation together with the
High Commissioner of the United Nations
and human rights during the session the
Russian delegation is going to work on
the policy of developing a constructive
dialogue and search of the mutually
accepted issues on the International
Human Rights agenda non prevention of
the politicizing of human rights and
exploiting it as the instrument of
political we received a lot of questions
and requests to comment to comment on
natus traction on our exercises in order
to be transparent and in order to be
predictable the Russian side in advance
highlight this fact in May of this year
informed in detail the memories of the
northern ireland's about this event
during the Council of NATO this was
surprising for a lot of people so
military attach√©s of different neatest
countries were invited to the exercises
this gesture of goodwill from our side
and it is evident in other measures and
talk by Russia in the last year we're
extremely open but we were criticized
anyway these Western countries does
don't understand the actions of the
Russian side the
I heard that NATO representatives said
that Russia is preparing for a
large-scale conflict and Western
countries are accustomed to search for a
certain Russian threats from any event
but exercises stock 2018 very far from
the area of responsibility of NATO and
in no way influence the security I would
like to remind you that the spending on
defense is more than 14 times than
expenditures and other when other in
other areas and the quantity of nature's
exercises near to NATO's areas of
responsibility is well known and I don't
need to remind you about it we
repeatedly commented on the
strengthening of exercises of native
countries in the continuous regions
our position is constant this activity
is not only of concerned it undermines
security and poses additional risks of
arms connected military incidents music
I want a 6th of September the historic
seminar took place in the diplomatic
academy it was dedicated to Israel and
public society took place in this event
in the synagogue a lot of documents from
the archives are represented I would
like to say that on the 5th of September
the memorial
where it was opened by a golden mayor I
would like also to speak about a bizarre
situation and a very dangerous situation
connected with the pressure on the media
we are interested in hearings that are
conducted in the USA in the committee
committee of into the Intelligence
Committee a mythical interference of
Russia into elections in the USA and
other countries we discussed a lot and I
quote Russia acted not only against the
American government but against the
American people and another test thesis
was also sounded out and that's a weak
America is very bad for us it's very
good it is important to it is important
to highlight that Russia today in
Sputnik our information seas were called
mediators of Russian intelligence
agencies it is also surprising that semi
estimators hold the same position when
some teach about the transfer of funds
by Russian embassies are quoted no one
in the Senate considers that this
information agency is a mediator of
intelligence services this is a
mediation between
in from assume their information
structure and intelligence and public
opinion but no one spoke about it at all
so we were asked the executive director
mr. Joshi was asked directly you are the
American company do you want America to
be the main superpower of the world this
question is asked the American but the
American side constantly said that the
media is a new media is a new instrument
the media is instrument of new
generation do you want America to be a
superpower this is a very bizarre
question this is the problem of
protection and this is not the problem
of protection of users this is about
some Imperial attitudes but
unfortunately the consequences of this
logic argumentation of this rousseff
obeah the recent years we speak about
concrete facts because a media
representative said that they did not
to their best against in media from the
October 2017 to March 2018 Facebook
annually it won more than 1 billion fake
Lord fake pages but a fake page for
example of the Soviet embassy in
Czechoslovakia continues to be in force
and no one unrelated we constantly
requested the administration to or
Facebook to take measures but we were
always but they always assert that the
page doesn't violate the rules of the
social platform according to term has
come obviously to invite immediate
representative so an interesting talks
that took place in the u.s. well it
would be interesting for me to to listen
whether the u.s. facebook company would
like says the US remains the main
superpower well why not talk about it in
Moscow it would be quite interesting we
would rather listen to it and we can
trace our questions
well actually the problem with fake news
with fake accounts and let me remind you
when from is a very Tribune I said that
we spent a lot of time and effort to
close these fake accounts of Russian
embassies Russian embassies and the
European Union countries we couldn't
close these accounts for weeks although
we provided full information to our
colleagues from Facebook this problem
has
long gone beyond US borders and has
become a global one his and let's talk
to guess I brought it and not just in
corridors someone in someone and asking
whether it ones at the US remains a
global power let's hold a global talk we
see an urgent need to develop and
transparent and universal system for a
recognition of fake accounts on the
basis of globally recognized global and
ethnic norms the freedom of speech not
violating the domestic norms of first
tapes it should be a truly global talk
we noted that administration's and
management's of social networks assured
us they are working on enhancing the
monitoring and filtration systems on our
part we believe that one of most
important steps on this track is the
informing of the reasons why the
accounts have been blocked constant
mentioning Safra sure we would like to
know who from fake accounts Gao is
itself Angela's Ashes name we would like
to stress that is uses a global nature
with this problem we considered
unacceptable that he was administration
choice to Thrashers its excited treasure
on the networks we don't like is a
manner of summoning someone and asking
what has been done to make sure the u.s.
remains the only superpower I would like
to focus on the fake and post truth
issue and surrealism in the political
life of us in political and
informational life of its these
countries if we see how the whole world
is witnessing how questions are being
asked why they
us company is interested in us in global
power then we should probably and they
dress these in more detail and not a
single drive-in passes without
mentioning of this topic in this regard
my colleagues and I have conducted a
small investigation trying to focus on
the issue of truth distortions in this
country to be as objective as possible
we relied on information provided by us
experts in open sources and you know it
was quite interesting according to us
expert for neglecting effects and casual
links in relation to the domestic event
has become unprecedented it's not based
on our evaluations these evaluations by
us experts some calls is some political
phenomenon a demise of truth there are
no clear borders between an opinion and
the fact in analysis evaluations and
person experience predominates is a
detriment of what happened in reality
quite often the information is not being
checked at all and the sources of
effects loses the importance they are
simply being ignored
analysts stressed that in a time when
net social networks have a global
coverage and staged nature of political
discourse in these situations is demise
of truth in the u.s. is not accompanied
by any signs of getting back to normal
as the results which effects the ability
of political institutions to conduct
their activities now it's go to specific
clothes president of the US strategic
investigation Center RAND Corporation my
courage stresses open debate
now leave the place to some narrow
statements and the control over the
agencies has lost its efficiency and
symptom some minor problems
he also said tres that doubted see
Congress reform would give any results
the congressman cannot have a
constructive word with each other at the
same time senior researcher at the Royal
Institute of International Relations my
example says the understanding by the
lawmakers of fear test has been
transformed my Coolridge the aspirations
of current Congress members are being
implemented by means not by means of
firm thoughtful work in the fear of law
making all public governance matures by
the involvement in the Gustin
we are particularly in concerned by the
fact that thing happens in foreign
policy many political Chavez in the US
history happens YouTube is a lack of
sufficient attention to the evidence and
we're distortion for example in the
joint article by senior fellow at
broking Institute Thomas Mann and his
colleagues know Bernstein there is a
direct reference to the fact that
Democrats and distorts reality in same
always of Washington's establishment
it's quite interesting certain senior
vice president of the u.s. tribe
investigated in companies fought for
Georgia Baker as Trump's alloys are
based on the facts that liberal world is
universal and is the best form of
organization of society and state and is
inevitable in a historical perspective
the expert
for example believes
fools it's a fake statement not aligned
with reality according to a senior
fellow at the Center for American
Progress drawing catalyst the US has no
lack in educated people who would pay
attention to in the difficult situation
in which the foreign policy of the
country finds itself however through is
an acute lack of experts who would have
specific proposals on how to improve the
situation Axius President Barack Obama
had his own view on it in 2016 his said
of the West and doesn't learn to make a
difference between the truth and
propaganda it will face difficulties
unfortunately was not so far from the
intellectual elites in the US do you
realize the detriments and strategic
lack of strategic importance so in
distorting the truth however we
understand there is so far now waiting
through the situation this analysis is
quite interesting I mean these analytic
materials however not only see us
Dallas face troubles we snitch in France
under the guise of fight against
disinformation Joseph Oviatt campaign
earns the way on the 4th of September a
report was published and manipulate an
information it was prepared by
analytical centers under the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs of Thrones and its
Ministry on defense it only added the
existing French initiatives such as
draft long fight against this
information aimed at enhancing control
over the media and proposed a
distinction of news resources
interesting
Jean and true ones based on these
so-called indicators of trusted
journalism do you understand it's about
France it's a cradle as we used to say
of France in Morden and
standing of freedom of speech as Nick
norms and requirements to journalism and
journalist it's exactly the Spade that
laid the foundation of modern democracy
and the foundations of the modern
understandings and manifestation of the
freedom of speech just think about it
indicator of choice journalism these
documents that could hardly be called an
expert one and YouTube's categorical
statement center and propagandists
cliches surprises now with its blend on
the Russian and character and
accusations against our media working in
France I have already mentioned talking
about other countries in France they
it's basically called Russia today in
Sputnik propaganda media and says it
cannot be called as a medium wasn't that
the report claims that these information
resources do nothing but trip agonda at
the same time and no evidence or even
arguments to support these claims are
provided and in my view it is exactly an
example of such fake nature against
which they went for it if you offer
something and he'd unsubstantiated with
evidence and that's it is the same
spirit give the accusations of
information were allegedly conducted by
a Russian terrorists regions of the
world for example they say Russia today
presented a news is that Spanish is in
tort as a foreign language in Catalonia
in Russia today has never published it I
know there can be mistakes made by the
correspondents for example some time ago
as a Ministry of Foreign Affairs as I
say about John it was we found not
mistaken on Monday most probably on
Monday well just a couple of days ago
colleagues centers information
at a some particular youth platforms
Russia today presented false information
we conveyed it to Russia today it turned
out that crushed bagels the same message
from users so they apologized but here
we have quite a different situation
they'll do provide us with some evidence
and presenter some screenshots Muhsin
said and the report contains 50
recommendations to the control civil
society and private individuals one of
them says the first dance technique
should not be given accreditation in
order to isolate the foreign propaganda
bodies one should not call them by name
don't keep them accreditation don't
invite them to trust conferences and
they provided food by Emmanuel macron
the trash today and Sputnik armed agents
of influence
it's obviously is that everything is
based on personal attitude of mr. Milan
to this medium why it's the question to
the French side unfortunately this
chandan see started with him no other
evidence is present well tropically
feelings the political situation the
public board is started as they attempt
to few substantiate these some statement
by mr. mark shown with some evidence
however they don't succeed to do so the
task is obviously to present an image of
an external enemy not thrush today and
Sputnik are the targets themselves but
one need to justify the same measures by
French government in limited media media
freedom in the country we hope for the
reaction by foreign international
institutions and NGOs we can
one shouldn't leave it without reactions
we expect since the comments by mr. Diaz
dear I always see you representative for
freedom of speech we would like to see
his reactions as to how such documents
reflecting the position of French
agencies how they are compatible with
the French obligations under the OSCE in
Russian media in Latvia it is not it's
not encouraging we continue to follow
the city Asian official Riga Troyes Jim
restricts the translation of Russian
Rossiya RTR channel reason are alleged
violations of in the form of some alien
enemy like discourse in the TV channels
program just imagine how this could be
applicable to youth channels like CNN
they should have been closed immediately
I mean with regard to Russia nations
against Russian or in babies may be seen
can be heard every day for example 3 the
main support we're broadcasting BBC sex
exactly would could fall into the same
category as Josh RTR in largely and the
UK just some time ago found themselves
and see
however they have a single ideological
space-wise the access in this country is
so different when they talk about single
ideological platform in service that
should become dominant in the world illa
London so you need to find out for
yourselves who's right whether it's
regal London hostile statements are
unknown in the freedom of speech we see
this political and motivated step of
Latvian authorities against the TV
channel as blatant discrimination we see
this as an illegal attempt to restrict
access russian-speaking population of
Latvia to alternative sources of
information it is evident that Riga is
trying to play the Republic card and
leave of parliamentary elections that
what was also mentioned before and
unfortunately it makes mass media
hostages in its domestic political
struggle we once again request NGOs
Vienna and Brussels to provide their
assessments of how this politics
policies of Latvia are in line with the
European values and we would once again
would like to draw attention of always
see you to this issue historic issue
which is directly related to today
witness and a continuing campaign and
glorification of noticed and Estonia
monument to the members of the second
Estonian Division waffen-ss was set up
in September and the fact that no
condemnation has been given to you this
event by authorities of the country is a
confirmation that the countries in fact
encouragin this ideology the Nazi
ideology and the Estonian political
establishment seems not to be confused
by the fact that such events desecrate
the memory of those who died
the war against the fascism it's hard to
imagine how this thing's can coexist
within the European Institute's on the
one hand we are talking for support for
search for historic truth the victims of
concentration camps and on the other
hand the erect monuments to Nazis and we
see total indifference on behalf of
authorities and all of the civilized
Europe remains silent the civilized
Europe which should include zero
tolerance for xenophobia Nazis into its
set of fundamental values so we would
like to draw attention to you these
attempts to rewrite the results of the
Second World War and we would urge
everyone to give an assessment to this
there are some good news our embassies
in Astana and Bratislava as well as NGOs
and mr. al Berg of based on request the
presidents of the settlement Madani
regarding new Jos Korean beef or as he
was named Russian wife who died when
this settlement was liberated in 1945
his real name was identified his name is
John us or Kimba and on the burial site
where other 11 Soviet soldiers have
buried the liberators of the first
division some repairs are scheduled we
would like to express our deep gratitude
to the population of the settlement who
erect monument to Soviet soldiers who
gave their lives to liberate Europe it
is especially important at this moment
when as I've already mentioned it
attempts are being made to rewrite
history and to desecrate the memories of
those who died liberating
Europe and the world in general last
time I received a question about the
russian-azerbaijani dialogue an
important element of the relationship
between Russia and Azerbaijan is the
multi-faceted cooperation of regions of
the Russian Federation with the Republic
of Azerbaijan we are developing this
cooperation based on agreement between
the government of Azerbaijan and the
governments of Russian regions 17
agreements of this kind are already in
force some newer being prepared and I
can quote some facts that would prove
that this relationship was developing
efficiently some missions have been
opened some missions original and
offices of regional companies have been
opened in Baku of different air
companies such as oral airline Samara
Airlines some business structures of
Russia Vostok service group of companies
have opened their offices there as well
Azerbaijan entrepreneurs invest into yes
and turkey plant and foodstuff
production in Krasnodar region some
ventures being implemented in other
regions of Russia as well annual
russian-azerbaijani into Regional Forum
is a platform for such cooperation we're
now preparing for the ninth forum you
could get more details about that as
soon as we prepare this information and
I think I'll be ready to take your
questions now if you have any
miss Sahar over the meeting of the
trilateral contact group took place on
Wednesday in Minsk the Russian
Federation refused there to discuss
exchanging citizens of Russia who were
taken hostage in Ukraine and who asked
to be exchanged that request was meant
in the name of the President of the
Russian Federation the request was made
also by Viktor I gave a person well
person well known to you could you
please explain to us why Russia
abandoned its citizens in Ukrainian
prisons and does not agree to this
exchange the Russian Federation did not
abandon its citizens please be careful
with your language if your purpose here
is propaganda please do this in your
media if that's your goal it's up to you
but please remember that this is not a
rally this is a an official proofing of
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs so there
are no examples of Russia abandoned and
its citizens especially when we're
talking about such hotspots and conflict
zones that's my first point the second
point is that about the request you've
mentioned yes I will find out more
details about that Russia Today TV
channel yesterday you told journalists
that British Foreign Ministry refused to
provide additional data to Russia on to
suspects no I'm not talking about
additional data I'm talking about any
data at all they refused to provide any
data the British said refused to provide
any data to the Russian side it's not
some additional data as soon as as soon
as the first swallows flew from the
London nest all over the world accusing
Russia we began to send knows letters
make requests we
spoke about this in public but after the
next outbreak with the photographs that
were presented as some evidence well I'm
not a specialist in law enforcement but
I don't understand how the published
photographs can be an evidence of
anything so a photograph has been
published some lanes have been published
and they say that these people are
accused but where is the proof where's
the evidence where is the evidence the
footage that was presented how are we
supposed to guess where this footage is
about are we to compare these
photographs which I understand where
they were taken how they were taken and
when we put in touch with Great Britain
immediately our interim charged affair
was taken to foreign office and we also
contacted ambassador of Great Britain in
the Russian Federation we try to ask
these questions all these questions that
are of concern to everyone who are these
people
is there any specific date on them
passport numbers there Petrin Amex maybe
some data after that was obtained after
they filled in some visa documents we
also asked whether it may be easier to
exchange information and to provide to
Russia their fingerprints the only
quantity only answer that we received to
all questions was that we are not going
to provide anything to you don't even
ask us about anything so they don't
answer our questions so we're here we're
not talking about additional data well
we're talking here is the stands of the
British side the British side saying
that it will not provide anything to
request of the Russian sentence just to
follow up on what you've said yesterday
also said that these data will probably
be obtained through Interpol as far as
we understand nothing has been received
so far it's impossible to say that
cooperation with Interpol at this point
is too
successful now well you know if Great
Britain accuses citizens of other
countries as they claim it it's logical
that they would somehow address some
international bodies
I believe that representatives of law
enforcement agencies will be able to
give you some better answers to this
question it follows from the logic from
what British the British side does the
next staff would be the request to
Interpol if they do not provide Russia
with this data then we'll be waiting
until they make a request to Interpol
and then we'll be waiting for
fingerprints and other data but you see
when you accuse somebody you give photos
and at the same time make a reservation
that most probably all this is a fake
that their names are a fake that their
documents are a fake all you want to say
in the situation is please share at
least something that you have with us
Sky News you know that they came into
this country via Aeroflot and left via
Aeroflot and supposedly according to
CCTV visited Salisbury twice in 48 hours
surely given the fact that you have
their photos you know what flights they
were on it is possible to find out who
they are and ask them why they went now
there's some union with the me I have no
doubts about this that amid today's
conditions our country and the world in
general have an opportunity to identify
whether they were in that flight or not
but it cannot be done in five minute
period these names and these data were
obtained by the British said not on the
feast of September or fourth of
September the butcher said had them for
several months so what didn't they
provide us with this data in advance at
least through someone if they do not
want to communicate with us directly
they could have provided this data to us
through some mediator countries the
mediator organization by the time these
data has been published we could have
done some work on our side that is what
we asked him about if because of some
reasons of their own they do not want to
talk to us directly why did they not
choose a mediator through which they
could
this information then by September 5th
or 6 we could have had some progress but
I have a feeling that this was
protracted on purpose in order to
complicate Russia's response as much as
possible because the the more time
passes by the more difficult it will be
to look for evidence so also see what
webern pushed to we are being pushed to
trying to speak for ourselves make some
justifications on which basis are we to
come up with some arguments with some
facts about our innocence well actually
it works it works the other way in the
world because this is the presumption of
innocence not the person country or
organization have to provide some data
proving their innocence quite on the
contrary their guilt has to be proven
some evidence of their guilt has to be
provided let me finish please so you
understand this means undermining your
own legal norms and rules when Prime
Minister of the country five minutes
five months ago accused Russia
immediately then for several months now
information has been given after that
photos were published and it was said
immediately that this is the proof and
the evidence what kind of evidence if
your photograph is published tomorrow
and you quite probably flight to London
from Russia maybe to some other
countries as well so this is absurd this
is simply ridiculous it is possible to
identify who was on that flight how many
people were on the flight there is no
doubt about it but it takes time to do
that as far as I understand this cannot
be done in 15 minutes
sorry that you are looking for
cooperation between law enforcement are
you saying that you are making efforts
to find these two you will ask them what
they were doing and you will feed that
information back to the British yeah
not boom you're hoping you might say let
me remind you you know that an
investigation is underway in Russia do
you know about this and within the
framework of this investigation we
analyze and consider all data that we
receive the only thing we ask about is
to go back to some civilized
communication and behavior and we could
obtain this information directly from
the British law enforcement agencies and
verify that information in such weird
way way which is outside the legal scope
we are being offered to receive this
information from US media then okay we
will analyze these data from US media
but what we ask about is to involve
Russian investigators to those sources
of information that the British law
enforcement agencies possess but
everything that we see now going on in
Great Britain all their data is
definitely studied and analyzed by
Russian law enforcement agencies maybe
Britain simply doesn't know about this I
do not fool of this possibility maybe
Great Britain doesn't know that
investigation is underway in Russia and
everything that has been published will
be analyzed and we will provide a
feedback of course but I here represent
the Minister for NFS I am not competent
to look for people to search people to
find out whether they were onboard of
the flight oh Lord I can only have the
data that I obtain from law enforcement
agencies as full involvement of the
Russian Federation of its governing
bodies into what's happened in Salisbury
and AIDS buri we spoke about our stance
on numerous occasions and we have
reconfirmed this stance during our
briefing the details will be studied by
law enforcement agencies ferry
very attentively and very close and will
comment on that later of course maybe
seniors in addition to question you know
that the identity is known and maybe
this date could be provided by various
manners I don't understand why it is
important to accept that it is the key
is to identify it is the matter of
verifying we wanted to be rapid and fast
and we asked the Great Britain to help
us to identify their personalities and
if the UK refuses to do that maybe you
understand why Great Britain acts in
such way but this is not about
suppositions why can suppose anything
when I see two photos that's very shared
that are very common these names are
common in Russia and in post-soviet
Republic's I am representing the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and I don't
have the right to speak about on the
basis of suggestions made by Great
Britain and I can't identify the
personalities of these people this is
the obligation of law enforcement
services and they are doing you know
every one true attention to the
incompatibility of photos data and some
quarters where these people walked why
we should support something while we we
should use such phrases such words why
the
materials can't be given to us why we
should make statements and read
statements by someone hovers in
Uzbekistan and was speaking about
quarters this is absurd this is nonsense
why we should play this game why we can
simply copy the documents the inquiries
and to be given the information where
these people were according to the UK
why we are always accused these are
initial data and we are pushed to
justify ourselves according to non
official information these are some
elements and parts that were that were
packed in this political rhetoric that's
why these claims cannot be done because
this information is analyzed in law
enforcement offices and then we'll make
official statement as well as government
agencies are concerned and I can say on
numerous occasions occasions that the
Russian Federation is NaN isn't involved
and this was the position of the
president of the government etc on the
eve of the 6th of September after the
statement by threesome a press secretary
of the russian President Dmitry Peskov
said that Russia has nothing to do with
events in Salisbury Russia is not
involved at all we reaffirmed our
position but I repeat that everything
that was published and was leaked in
media sources will be investigated
a channel I have a question on Syria and
summit in tetran between and the leader
of Turkey said that Turkey tries to
conquer spaces and we want to suppose it
and Astana wants to put an end to
violations there is a Russia sharing the
position I don't think that we should
speak about meetings between leadership
of countries that are planned for today
and I wanted to say that the main aim of
the government of Syria wanting to
inquire you clip Syria cannot conquer
anything on its own territory
it can only continue anti-terrorist
oppression and these aims very very
highlighted by official Damascus the
main dialogue is only plant and
estimations and results will be made
publicly today in the evening please the
question about the visit of president
family in Russia what cooperation
between Azerbaijan and Russia place in
this context we don't comment on
presidential issues I remind you into
ants again all estimates of this visit
was very made official
you can look we can see them on the site
of the government of the Russian
Federation as well as dynamics of our
relations are concerned we spoke about
them today we a very inspirational and a
potential everything much is done and
much is developing I spoke about it
today your question please
few days ago former ambassador said that
Russia should deploy several countries
notably the USA to attain peace in
region can how can you this is that was
the ambassador of Afghanistan in the UN
and former I think that this is an
interview say appointment
the situation is region is still very
complex and in some areas it is
degrading and Russia has taken some
measures this is the separation us and
the cooperation with the political
forces in Afghanistan with respect of of
the law of the legal norms this is also
these are also attempts of multilateral
diplomacy but we should be very careful
about a situation in the region and we
are always providing our estimate these
comments will be analyzed and I will
share our estimations
Interfax agencies however could you
please comment on the statements by my
use say a special representative of the
US on the preparation of the chemical
attack
we provided facts about that and we have
facts about this by the American side
which can send it to us via bilateral
channels but today on the territory of
Syria the fight against terrorists is
being waged and the approach is a little
bit absurd in the one hand our Western
colleagues say publicly and behind the
scenes so they say that the normal life
cannot be returned because the situation
is unstable so there is no sense to
provide humanitarian aid and restore
humanitarian infrastructure and no
reason for the refugees to return
because the situation is unstable but on
the other hand the disengagement of
terrorists from opposition is something
nobody wants to do these are two
opposing things but probably from the
politics pursued by the American
political circles is logical so they
extend the disengagement and do this
under the pretext of no providing no
reason for the return of refugees and
they Lobby this approach in the UN and
we have spoken about that and documents
appeared in mass media so they say there
is no need to support the return of
refugees to Syria we believe this
position is a little bit strange not
in the terms of reality but in the
context of the developments in the
region
the faster the issue of disengagement
will be solved the first terrorist
elements extremists militants including
in Italy will be eliminated
the faster Syria will be able to start
normalizing the situation and ensure the
return of refugees the restoration of
civilian infrastructure ISM yes please
can run Ghassan of Arbroath TV channel
several experts who follow the situation
in Italy say that Turkey has started to
demobilize the opposition's and conduct
anti-terrorist operation operations
against some terrorist groups how Russia
can assess Turkish efforts to disengage
the radical groups from military
opposition and does Russia have some
plan about the Syrian restoration as for
the first question I have already
answered it the assessments have been
provided as for the plans of settlement
the global one has been announced after
the elimination of the terrorist groups
which have become indeed international
and got entrenched in the territory I
will shade the factor in two things the
return of refugees and ideas and the
restoration of civil infrastructure so
this should be done in view of the main
go it has the restoration of Syria as an
independent United State aware
representives of different religions
nationalities political views with
live peacefully this should be a part of
a political reform and in practice we
helped to do that through the Congress
that took place in Sochi
it was the Congress in which different
fractions
took part and another questions about
the EU and Russia and China and Russia
are there any talks about Europeans
involving in the restoration in Syria
yes indeed we talked about that not only
through involving European partners but
through the UN as well practically
during all bilateral talks that we have
with our European colleagues and big
actors on the regional arena for example
Asian partners so we took about that
with them yes please Japanese TV
channels opera Valery Gerasimov
the general of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
said that no events are planned as part
over east 2018 drills are planned on the
coral islands it is what mr. garrison
has said I believe I cannot comment on
that well this was said by the military
yes please CNN TV channel maria
vladimirovna
US military representatives said that
Russia has twice won the u.s. that
Russia together with the Syrians are
ready to
attack alton of area where American
soldiers are located can you confirm
that the question is being discussed
with your colleagues and we can solve it
through diplomatic channels I believe
this question should be asked should be
opposed to my colleagues from the
Ministry of Defense but I will learn
about that and I will specify it and
tell you about it after the briefing
German fellow federal news agency New
York Times mentions that mr. scrapple
worked for a national recognition center
of Spain why do I believe the British
authorities didn't factor in this factor
but I do not know I don't know whether
they effected this thing in or not this
is not my competence in view of the fact
that we have no contact with the British
authorities so we didn't ask these
questions and we didn't receive any
answer so you'd better ask Great Britain
about that yes please Mariya
Vladimirovna what legal grounds were
used when the Russian journalists went
to Ukraine to investigate into the
incident with this heart chunka I mean
just like you demand grounds for
stipulating the fact that Russia
participated in Salisbury and on the
other hand it did not participate in
Ukraine I have repeatedly said both
officially and unofficially that it is
the matter that should be dealt by the
officials by the investigation
investigators should find this out but
beyond debate we understand that some
political forces in cave could be behind
the murder of zaharchenko because right
after the murder they started some
outrageous mockery of beasts and there
were many sarcastic comments just read
the statements by officials they were so
inspired by respect by the murder and
you ask me why caves authorities and
regime can be involved in that
ask your politicians why did they make
such statements it is them to be asked
and as for the grounds you should ask
law enforcement agencies I can specify
this matter and then tell you yes I can
see please International Information
Agency the Bulgarian agency maria
vladimirovna and colleagues I would like
to address the colleagues and in much
special representative of the US for
Ukraine I said that
the two states then yes Republic and the
other Republic should be eliminated then
we see that the hon chinco is murdered
and we saw the reaction it was
sacrilegious I do not know whether they
dared to do that I would like to address
journalists or my colleagues who view
themselves a journalist I believe we
should be sensitive
please wait a minute I believe we should
do without political declarations if you
have some grounds to make political
statements you can do it everywhere but
you come here to ask a question please
let's do exactly that if you have some
specific question I am ready to answer
it if you have a declaration you'd
better declare it somewhere else
briefing is a venue when you can ask a
question and receive an answer political
actions declarations campaigns go beyond
the briefing frames please respect your
colleagues because when one person
starts to do that all the risks continue
and whatever I feel I try to be
objective and please respect everyone
and do not use this time to express your
own political affiliations views and
your support yes I am listening to you
if you do not have a question I would
like to ask another person yes thank you
a brief question as for the results of
the talks between Azerbaijani and
Russian delegation in Sochi in view of
important questions been discussed over
about regional security and during the
talks how do you see the prospects of
the expanding of these cooperation do
you ask the question about the expanding
of cooperation of security well yes we
have consultations ministerial
consultations on different topics
including those that deal with security
issues they take place I do not believe
that they should be an intensified they
work very well the mechanism is quite
efficient there is a dialogue between
other structures and bodies side bodies
I mean of Russia and Azerbaijan that
charged with discussing security issues
we interact on venues of international
organizations there quite numerous and
we do that fruitfully on many issues
including the issues of security so I
believe that I there is no need to speak
about intensification of cooperation in
the security sphere but if a party
believes there is a need to intensify
the dialogue on some particular issue
this can be easily done we have a good
dialogue with Baku thank you very much
till the new meeting thank you
