New York Times has published an
explosive opinion piece its allegedly
written by a senior White House official
claiming that he's part of the
resistance inside the Trump
administration probably reasons that
publication was anonymous here are some
excerpts I work for the president but
like-minded colleagues and I have vowed
to thwart parts of his agenda and his
worst inclinations on Russia for
instance the president was reluctant to
expel so many of mr. Putin's spies as
punishment for the poisoning of a former
Russian spy in Britain but his national
security team knew better such actions
had to be taken to hold Moscow
accountable this isn't the work of the
so-called deep state it's the work of
the steady state it may be called
comfort in this chaotic era but
Americans should know that there are
adults in the room
as you'd expect Donald Trump has
personally reacted to that publication
he lashed out at the newspaper and
called the article gutless they don't
like Donald Trump and I don't like them
because they're dishonest people
remember this also about the New York
Times when I was they were forced to
apologize to their subscribers they
wrote a letter of apology it was the
first time anybody's ever done it
because they covered the election
incorrectly so if the failing New York
Times has an anonymous editorial
anonymous we discuss this controversial
publication with the former New York
Times reporter and Pulitzer Prize
winning journalist plus host of RT
America's on contact that's Chris Hedges
institutions like the New York Times
where I worked for 15 years uses
language about the president that would
have been wholly unacceptable when I was
there calling him a liar
day in and day out that doesn't mean he
didn't lie but presidents lie all the
time
and every administration I covered why
starting with the Reagan administration
so this is really a war on the part of
the establishment
press the Washington establishment to
take down Trump and and and what we saw
with that op-ed piece which I suspect is
probably true is part of that effort the
deep state is real and it is a powerful
entity that no president really can
challenge either you serve the interests
of the deep state and that's essentially
corporate power in particular the power
of the war industry or you're crushed by
it
you
