for the strengthening of ties between
regions and it proved their role as a
sufficient channel of cooperation
between our countries a significant
event in that context is and is worth
ceremony and for Russia and Germany 30
prize winners are invited and in during
the ceremony new partnership agreements
will be signed between we Burke and
Christ fell to absentia through Negros
and flour during the visit talks between
two ministers will be held in the
context of results of fashion of
meetings between Russia and Germany
after Sochi and multiple summits they
will discuss prospects of two of
bilateral cooperation and investment
cooperation as well as cultural
humanitarian and social ties of course
another theme to discuss is the
settlement of the Syrian conflict the
Ukrainian conflict and normalizing
relations between Russia and the EU
improving cooperation between NATO and
Russia the state of affairs in Balkans
and in the Middle East and the
conservation of jcpoa strategic and
regional stability arms control and
disarmament including OPCW problems
fight against two new challenges and
threats to security and Security Council
of the UN themes
you know in the light of non permanent
membership of Germany there in 2019 2012
20 the Minister will speak on this
session of NGO German and Russian forum
on integrational processes in current
age present prospects of a common
economic and humanitarian space then
icon an exhibition will be held
dedicated to the 190th anniversary of
establishment of deployed it will
include archive documents such as such
as decree of National Assembly of Greece
nomination of the position of the
agreement and Amity and Capricia the
event will be held with the support of
and with participation of the Minister
of Foreign Affairs and Sergey Lavrov
extraordinary dipsticks
extraordinary and plenipotentiary
ambassador representatives of federal
organs and executive power the Federal
Assembly media you are invited and
clerical and social circles will also be
there on the 19th of September sri
Lavrov will participate in the opening
ceremony of historic and documentary
exhibition Munich 1938 organized by
federal agency of archives and it will
be held an exhibition hall of archive of
archive Center
and we invite here to take part in the
event
so the exposition organized by the state
russian archive and russian military
state archive will show an authentic
i've documents on the on international
relations in the wake of the Second
World War as well as foreign documents
the archive of the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs contributed to the work and gave
substantial materials and now we proceed
to other issues of international agenda
and we'll start from the situation in
Syria the tensions in Syria are rising
again regretfully on the ground the
situation is the most complex in the
Italy province where large numbers of
terrorists remain and escalation of
tensions is evident the militants
prepare for long term defense and
centralize their power eliminate the
leaders of position factions who are
willing to make peace and preparing
offensives according to and for me to a
certain information and GCL sugar
hundreds of ISIL militants arrived to
the praveen's to the province Russians
Russian militants from Russian
reconciliation centre see the shelling
of villages on the 7th of September
multiple rocket launchers fired were
fired against a village my heart
civilians died and five women and three
children as well as 30 persons were
injured from the first to the south of
September there had been 289 violations
of cessation of hostilities it is three
times more than in recent months
you know then a terrorist continued to
attack Russian military objects using
UAVs drones these last two months
55 devices were distracted
despite the plan and covering of all the
plans of terrorists and white helmets to
teach the use of chemical weapons by
governmental forces the preparing of
such an activity continued in the
context of threats from American
officials to engage power the military
activities against Syria terrorists as
purely interrogations to the fullest
they held so-called peaceful rallies of
protest against large-scale offenses of
the Syrian army you can see from the
banners from the photos brandished by
participants of such events of such
protests prove that organisators just
want this offensive to begin as soon as
possible probably that's why these
banners included profanities and insults
insults against the leadership of Syria
the members of family of the president
you know everything proves that these
activities are provocative nothing done
provocative international coalition led
by the USA in launched a military
exercises in the east of Syria with the
support of military based at tan which
is illegally present in the territory of
Syria the aim is to prepare a Pat's
reaction forces and the deployment 100
Marines were transferred to a town in
zone of security created by Americans is
now a safe haven for Romanian ISIL
militants who continue to minerals in
Palmyra and in other cities the most
concerning is the US by Washington a
vast array of opportunities and
activities which aim at preparing for
aggression against Syria and this is
despite trends of normalization these US
activities hinder the cessation of
hostilities and fratricide war in Syria
and the fight against Ares just to
justify illegal presence in Syria it
doesn't matter for them if this will
cost
law to civilians and they will suffer
and they are not ashamed by it because
they want to tailor the results to their
political ideas and to declare loudly
themselves as victors of such a
difficult war in Syria we are very
concerned in global terms because we see
that Americans try to read fine-tune the
mechanism of world supremacy to create a
strong coalition of key Western
countries to demonstrate power and
settled problems in the military this
trend and reminds world water that is
based on the UN Charter it's a gratuity
is irritant and we are confident that
this approach could take the road to the
brink and this is a dangerous challenge
not only for Syria but for every country
it is very important to oppose this
trend and to consolidate efforts of all
reasonable I'd like to talk about the
situation in Tripoli we have some pieces
of evidence that I'd like to comment on
today apart from the throgs global
results that we see from the situation
that unfolds itself
they are despite the efforts of UN
peacekeeping mission to support peace
and maintain stability and live here in
some districts there are new clashes
between various armed formations a
serious blow against the security system
in Tripoli was a terrorist act carried
out by Isis on 10th of September against
the office of Libya
all corporation as a result two
attackers were killed and about ten
civilians were wounded on the 11th of
September unknown militants launched
several strikes against Mandi Go
International Airport as a result it was
shut down at another time those
extremist actions show that there is a
need to bring together all the
responsible stakeholders in Libya in
order to counter terrorists who aim to
stop the process of inter Libyan
political settlement according to the
plan of action of Special Representative
of un secretary-general on Libya I'd
like to point out that this is a really
tragic example of a failure of Western
countries to geopolitically model the
situation there it has its impact on the
whole region of Middle East and northern
Africa and it's actually ruined Libyan
state as it was Western States promised
that Democrat democracy will be
established in Libya well apparently so
it happened and for this very reason
there are no bodies of central power and
authority in the country I like to point
out that the Libyan scenario as what was
prepared for Syria as well if Russian
Federation hadn't managed to help the
official government in the rascals after
it was requested situation in
Afghanistan remains quite tense district
harm up is now controlled by Taliban
movement that as City agent at the
border with the joint countries there is
a risk that more district will do owned
by terrorists recently a series of
terrorist attacks shattered the
capital of the country as a result
dozens of people died we believe that
such developments prove that forceful
settlement will not work out there and
that there is a need to settle all the
issues in Afghanistan by peaceful
formats including Moscow for meat for
example recently the Republic of
Cameroon witnessed the worsening
criminal situation resulting from influx
of refugees from various regions of the
country the situation in the area of
security was aggravated there are cases
of bad it is embarrass that happened
even in the most secure districts of the
city including districts in the vicinity
of diplomatic missions in this regard
Russian embassy in Cameroon took
additional measures in order to provide
for security of our diplomatic mission
recommend Russian citizens who are now
located at the area of this country to
be very careful another topic which
raises our concern it is the topic that
phrases so increased attention I mean
situation with Maria butanol I
repeatedly said and the leadership of
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs forbid
the dimension that we keep that we keep
track of the sedation with Maria butanna
who was detained on 15th of July in the
United States and accused of activities
as an unregistered agent of foreign
government our diplomats visited her in
Washington on 10th of September and
visited the court hearings on her case
as a result the court of Federal
District of Columbia refused to set her
free and to impose house arrest
and the decision decision was made to
continue hearings in closed regime in
this regard the Minister of Foreign
Affairs of the Russian Federation
produced numerous comments on this
situation we're puzzled at the attempts
of US justice system to interpret our
consulate visits to miss Bettina and our
notes requesting to protect her legal
rights as evidence of some specific
circumstances that could relate her
situation with the Russian government
will conduct a new de Mirage and State
Department of the United States related
to its insinuations tied to the case of
Marie bhutanam we demand that those
groundless prosecutions of the Russian
citizens should be stopped we believe
that all the rational and reasonable
stakeholders should join our urge to set
her free and get her back to Russia will
monitor the situation with Maria Putin
er the US side does all it can order to
prove that their actions are absolutely
legal however the legal basis is getting
thinner and I believe that in some
instances there is absolutely no legal
basis for your ass actions I believe
that this is an example of priority of
policy or over legal regulations and
over common sense we have become many
questions and I have to get back to the
topic that we commented on several
months ago I speak about press
conference of Igor Gill gathered that
was dedicated to a laboratory in Georgia
we have commented on this topic because
there are publications in Russian
in foreign media we were asked to
comment on that but since the press
conference took place and the attention
to this event was increased I'd like now
to get back to it I talked about the
press conference that took place on the
11th of September in Moscow it was
breast conference of Igor Gil God a
leader of movement Georgia abroad and
during this press conference new
documents are presented about discreet
activities also also called lugar center
for public health research but let us
call a spade a spade as matter of fact
it is a microbiological laboratory of
higher level of protection that was
built and village Alex save in suburbs
of Tbilisi this seems to be a civil
institution that is formally a part of a
ministry of health care of Georgia but
in fact it is a US Army Medical Research
director Georgia American military
servicemen are occupied with starting
very dangerous diseases that the
characteristic not only for Georgia but
for neighbor countries including Russia
that is why this topic is of much
interest for us this interest of
Pentagon told Strowger cannot be
explained solely by humanitarian ideas
because humanitarian concerns of
Washington about countries that very
close to Russian borders are well known
to us and we know what are the reasons
for this humanitarian interest and what
might be the results of it and
fortunately we do not talk about any
constructive results
new developments new facts that were
presented at the 11th of September
raised a question about the true goals
and objectives of American military in
Georgia and balled their respect towards
the norms of ethics in medicine while
conducting experiments with Georgian
citizens Russian state and public
activists members of parliament
non-governmental experts repeatedly
expressed a concern related to
activation of medical and biological
activities of US military and other NATO
countries along the perimeter of Russian
borders we are very concerned about it
Russian citizens are concerned about it
and Russian governmental structures are
concerned about it and I have a question
is anybody in Georgia concerned about it
because all those Roberta laboratories
are located at the area of the sovereign
state Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Russia will request and State Department
of the United States official
explanations related to new data
presented by mr. Gere gada that prove
the unsavory role of u.s. contingent
that deployed a microbiology biological
laboratory at the area of Georgia it
seems to me that sovereign independent
states gained their sovereignty and
independence and sometimes they really
struggled to retain this sovereignty and
their goal was not to have their
citizens tested biologically by military
institutions of third countries we are
modern concerned about it because it
takes place in the vicinity of a Russian
area apart from that we'll continue our
work with our friends and allies
neighboring countries we will explain
the risks related to increased military
medical and biological activities of the
United States at the post
so with space I'd like to underline that
sovereign states should not become
laboratories and the citizens of those
sovereign states should not become lab
rats in those dangerous experiments I'd
like to remind that previously we
received the answer to all of our
requests that we that what we talk about
is control adji that these are
insinuations that we make it out that we
spiral up the situation and some media
outlets told us that this is fake and
Russian propaganda that this lugar
center did not commit any violations and
their reports are perfectly in order so
what now after we have new evidence and
new data that prove the opposite the US
authorities deliberately mislead the
global community all the information and
press conference materials that I have
just covered a published can be
accessible on the Internet and the text
of today's briefing you will have a web
link to the official website all those
documents are accessible and can be
freely studied unfortunately what we
have heard they're regrettable and it
would have been better if we hadn't
heard it probably in such a case we
would believe that we could have made
mistakes while analyzing the data
however this data was proven grounds for
those information were found
so I urge you to study the website the
documents I can tell you that this is
about very dangerous manipulations we
believe that those documents should be
studied not only by journalists and
media not only by citizens of
neighboring countries however these
documents should also be started by
responsible authorities and governmental
bodies of Russian Federation and by
specific profile international
organizations I believe that there will
be multiple questions arising after
those documents are started and I
believe they should be asked by channels
of Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Russian Federation and by official
channels all the countries that
participate in this experiment we have
taken notice of a number of statements
and interviews that were made by our
Western and American colleagues recently
for example tilaka know
for example the BBC channel has recently
released an interview of their former
deputy of the state secretary of Sherman
and they talked about and we also have
video material to support this this is
the screenshot I hope that we are not
violating any property rights here by
showing this to you but next time we are
going to take them into account so if
you have any information please share it
with us so I'm talking about the
programme 100 days later and Madam
Sherman you can see her on the screen
talking directly about the matter and
batteries
to harm the Russian people I think they
have a right to live decent lives but we
really are not thinking strategically
about what we need to do to weaken
Putin's control thank you so what did
she actually say she said it's hard to
believe that but you saw the video
herself she talked about how the
strengthening of Russia's economic
positions is not in line with the
national security of the United States
at the same time the former diplomat and
the representative of the State
Department of the u.s. which was headed
by Hillary Clinton she said that she
does not want to harm the citizens of
Russia and she believes that they have
the right to dignified improper life but
this is an unprecedented level of
cynicism because then she followed it
with the West needs to think more
strategically in order to relax Putin's
control over his country and those
people talk about the so called meddling
of Russia of the Kremlin of Moscow into
their affairs once again I repeat this
is the top manager of America's foreign
policy these are the very same people
who backed the adoption of certain
decisions related to Russia those are
the people who worked under the person
who was a candidate a presidential
candidate in the US I know that we are
talking about a person who at this point
in time is not employed by the
government but formally she held this
office for quite a long time so once
again
we need to think more strategically in
order to relax Putin's control over
Russia thank you very much we are going
to take that into account I believe that
this is a demonstration of Western
values to introduce illegal economic
sanctions to manipulate oil prices and
the oil prices were the start of this
conversation the starting point they are
manipulating the currency rates etc etc
in order to weaken the position of
sovereign countries and democratically
elected heads of states once again we
should go back to her very first phrase
it turns out that the betterment of
economic situation in Russia does not
align with the security and national
security of the u.s. national security
is the primary goal of any state the
basis of statehood so can you imagine
what this person which was which held a
very important position at the
government is talking about that Russia
is harming the national security of the
US I believe that once you analyze this
phrase you can understand what is the
vector of thinking of this very specific
political group and how they see the
development of collateral relationships
between our countries this has nothing
to do with the US Russia relationships
this has nothing to do with democracy
this has nothing to do with human rights
this is a policy upheld by a certain
political group in the US which did not
manage to seize power regardless of all
their efforts and now they're starting
this horrid rusa phobia campaign in
order to justify their political gas and
these words I guess should be learned by
heart this is another reason for our
European partners to think
whether their economic growth their
political prosperity their economic and
political stability aligned with the US
interests everything that is connected
with or with energy cooperation
everything that is connected with
respective economic ties at some point
as she mentioned might breach the
interest of national security of the US
I will remember this phrase forever and
we've received some requests to comment
on another statement regarding the
deputy national security adviser and
this is mr. Bolton regarding the IECC
his statements were indicate from
buoyant in nature this is nothing new
when it comes to American diplomacy they
are using force and unilateral sanctions
to defend their interest but this time
it was the ICC that came under attack
and within the framework of the
statements made this time the judges of
the ICC were threatened with visa
denials assets freezing and even
prosecution the judges I repeat this so
if the judges would not come up with the
decisions needed by the US or would not
behave themselves in the way that the
u.s. sees their proper behavior then
they might face visa denials assets
freezing and criminal proceedings might
be started against them that is quite
something and those countries which
would dare to cooperate with ICC in the
criminal proceedings against American
citizens they might suffer for example
when resolving issues regarding aid it's
not completely clear why this kind of
statements and actions of the u.s.
regarding independent states are taken
so lightly
we want to see some consistency if you
are rebelling against unilateral
sanctions and other pressure methods
then you should do something in this
case when they are threatening the court
as bolton said this statement is a
logical continuation of the u.s. policy
in 2002 the US Congress adopted the law
and the protection of the American civil
servants this document provides the US
president demanded to undertake all the
necessary measures against the ICC and
its employees if they would dare to
undertake any actions against the u.s.
the US have also concluded a series of
lateral agreements with other states
which do not see the extradition of
American citizens to ICC at the same
time the US have long acknowledged this
international jurisdiction only with
regards to the citizens of other
countries this is quite an exclusion
policy to exclude oneself from the
international law and rights Bolton
highlighted such issues as corruption
prone to manipulations inefficiency and
great expenses and we agree with that
and we have long talked about it however
the United States did not have anything
to say about similarly built and those
structures having pretty much the same
disadvantages for example the
international criminal tribunals at hoc
tribunals for example the infamous
tribunal on former Yugoslavia and the
question is why and we can respond to
that as mr. Bolton said that the
international criminal law should be
concerned with other states but not the
u.s. in its allies again this is a part
of the traditional scheme and a new
element here is not that the criminal
proceeding national criminal proceedings
are a subject of political many
but now it's done in the open so the
Macs are off and Russia has been long
and consistently attracting attention to
their politicize nature of international
courts including the ICC unfortunately
they're often used only as a lever of
pressure for the unwanted States and
governments and once again we want the
international community to answer
whether it's in line with their values
but such a selective approach when
certain decisions are welcomed and other
decisions which could be undertaken and
are not to the benefit of their country
would result in the persecution of
judges that's quite shocking we've also
paid the attention to the US
administration decision to close the
office of the PLO they have clarified
that since November 2017 this
organisation was allowed to continue its
work due to the steps undertaken by it
to continue the direct meaningful
negotiations with Israel but those steps
were not undertaken according to the
American side and despite this
unfriendly damash weather gots to the
Palestinian side and the evident harm
caused to the creation of conditions
aimed at relaunching peaceful process
the US administration highlighted that
they do not want to shy away from their
peace building initiatives which they
seek to promote further and judging by
their previous steps for example the US
Embassy moved to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv
in breach of the Security Council
resolution as well as the funding cuts
for the Palestine National Authority the
cessation of UN air w.a in other
structures this is how our American
colleagues for growing pressure and
intimidation with regards to one of the
parties of the Middle Eastern conflict
see the path to their just peace in the
Middle East this assumption is highly
doubtful at the same time Washington
remains tight-lipped with regards to the
parameters for the restoration of
peaceful process and everything that is
propagated in the public
space those are their never-ending
information leaks we hear this hype
about the deal of the century which
envisages to put an end to this
intractable conflict and to satisfy all
these stakeholders but unfortunately no
specifics are provided our calls to what
collectively in the Middle East be it at
the platform of the Security Council or
within the framework of the Middle
Eastern quoted of international
facilitators we believe that all those
calls in the u.s. fall on deaf ears the
experience of the previous American
administration shows as they also sought
to single-handedly take on their
Palestine Israeli dossier we see that
the logic of unilateral actions without
any basis on the consensual decisions of
the international community does not
work and this efforts might turn out to
be futile unfortunately we were confused
and disappointed when we heard the
statements made by the Minister of
Defense of France on the 7th of
September International Space Research
Center he accused Russia of hostile
behavior in space at the start of this
year the Ministry of Defense of Russia
gave all the necessary qualifications
due to that concerns expressed by Paris
regarding the event in 2017 of the
Russia and telecommunication satellite
launched a limp and French Athena
feeders which came danger a close
together and according to mr. Pirelli
this was offer grace if nature in
particular we've highlighted that the
trajectory of the Russian object was no
threat to the French object and did not
breach any international norms we
believe that this incident has been
clarified even more so that Paris has
not erased this issue while talking to
us including over the course of the
visits of the president of France
to McCrone in st. Petersburg and in
Moscow in Maine July of this year we
also find it regrettable that the French
side tries to use this very nebulous
pretext in order to have the military
buildup in space and to allocate an
earmark certain financing for this
purposes we believe that the French
citizens should understand that despite
this statement these issues were not
raised during our bilateral cooperation
and this would be helpful to the
development of bilateral relationships
between our country especially within
the light of president of France s
course to rethink the architecture of
European security and revitalization of
the strategic dialogue with Russia we
strongly support the use and exploration
of space for peaceful purposes only our
approaches were confirmed by the
declaration of the 10th BRICS summit
published on the 26th of July which
highlights the key significance for the
strict adherence to consolidation and
strengthening of the legal regime which
seeks to establish peaceful use of outer
space and moreover it also expresses the
collective concern of the BRICS members
regarding the possible arms race in
space and the space turning into an
arena for military confrontation over
the recent years we have presented a
number of initiatives aimed at
preventing this and we believe that
Paris is well aware of that and we can
remind you of that if there's the need
actually we would actually find the
information and send it to the French
Jeremy this might translate it into
French as well so these initiatives are
aimed at the prevention of a arms race
in outer space the key component here is
the russian-chinese draft agreement on
the prevention of weapons placement in
space the use of force or the threat of
force with regards to space objects the
updated version of which was
for consideration to the conference on
Disarmament in June of 2014 the rational
forces around the world support us in
that and we are talking about many
countries we will continue to actively
work and to carry out this result
oriented activities to achieve some
tangible results and we are inviting our
French partners to join us in that
including the initiatives of no first
placement of weapons in space in order
to prevent arms race in outer space and
now we would like to hear what they have
to say to that I mean our French
colleagues proceed to historic issues
remind you about the Munich Agreement
this year we commemorate the 80th
anniversary of the signature of the
Munich Agreement on 220 and 9 of
September 1938 this is one of the most
tragic events in the wake of the Second
World War the leadership of needs Nazi
Germany fascist Italy Great Britain and
France authorize the partition of
Czechoslovakia and the USSR was to only
to be ready to oppose now assessment
stand up for Czechoslovakia according to
its obligations the treaties of mutual
assistance with Czechoslovakia and
France but London and Paris exerted
pressure on track for her to refuse the
opposition and not to use Soviet aid
Poland played a very damaging role in
the Czechs in the crisis of
Czechoslovakia which participated in its
petition today in the era of
globalization when the humanity
faces new challenges threatening its
existence of the topic of the Munich
collision is very urgent and it's an
object of attention by all society but
unfortunately today not everyone
understands that political decisions are
immoral and that the violation of
international law and well-established
ethical norms are leading to the results
opposite to the desired ones and
backfiring the Munich lessons through
voting need to create modern system of
international security that will be
against dictatorship and that the
Securities interview sibilant cannot be
secured at the expense of some country
recent times the problem of the pre
servants of memory of victims of Nations
and the attempts to Pacific it history
in some countries are inadmissible these
activities from our point of view are
inadmissible
the really hope in living and
remembering took place in which young
former prisoners of concentration camps
took part during the visit the
participants led the flowers before the
monument
the social liberator carried out the
meeting with veterans of anti-fascist
movements and NGOs in Germany as well as
the as well as with the Ambassador
mister new chief on the 9th of September
another act of vandalism in Sofia took
place we urge the leadership Algar it
take comprehensive measures to reinforce
protection of monuments according to our
agreements and we believe that the
Bulgarian side doesn't take needed
measures to put an end to a desecration
of memory of Soviet soldiers who gave
their lives on the 5th of September in
linen core in Star City the southern
open ceremony of the general of high
school took place it was constructed by
Russia in implementation of the
investment programs program to advance
social and economic development of the
Republic recently after the major repair
a residential school was opened in the
city of tyent in June the AKS center was
opened in Atchison Village the
development of social infrastructure in
South Ossetia is very important part of
a massive assistance provided by the
Russian Federation for the development
of the Republic as an independent state
I would like to say these words about
the conference
in the OSI on human dimensions when the
11th of September in Warsaw or the
representative self American and to
train in a delegation supported by other
Western delegations namely Canada
repeatedly attempted not to prevent the
social activists from the commune to
speak to give a for to take a floor I
would like to stress the fact that those
who wanted to address and session had
needed accreditation they didn't they
did have all needed documents in
violation of the rules of procedure
after another insolent attack opinions
moderator eventually didn't give the
fall to the head of Crimean Tetra TV
channel military massage just after that
Russian side and talked it Marsh over
these creatures attempt because we speak
about direct discrimination of a
journalist eventually Messiah fanatic
remains spoke freely of course in the
context recommend the organization's of
the session and the president country
Italy in front of international
community within the framework of the
OSI organization aimed at securing
freedoms and rights of media and freedom
of expression
this freedom brew suppressed
these problems were discussed in during
sessions in this very organization it is
very surprising that some countries some
Western countries and the USA so high
pocket and the extent of their duplicity
is just overwhelming they spoke a lot
about the violation of human rights in
occupiers Ukrainian Crimea but then they
had a chance to obtain information at
first hand but these countries did
everything they could to prevent these
people from speaking the real purpose of
such of such a de marche is evident the
Western countries they show a very
hypocritical approach and they use
humanitarian topics as pretext to go
public politically and to actor is a
phobia I would like to tell you that the
truth always comes first and this TV was
targeting for Ukrainian propaganda
Ukrainian journalists including those
who were behind the parts of as view for
the anti governmental activities are a
way about pogroms and illegal detentions
physical pressure
threats everything that was labeled
instruction informational aggression now
is evident but we are sure that these
activities will continue probably they
understood that it was impossible to
prevent Crimean from taking the floor
because it is not interesting to to know
about the Crimea at first hand is better
to hear what they themselves are telling
about the Crimea and just to demonstrate
so-called
occupational character of the state of
affairs in the Crimea but I stress and
highlight once again that the Crimea the
Crimean and Crimean so will speak a lot
and they speak her pizza day we speak
about Crimea who lived on the peninsula
for dozens of years and I hope that
you'll hear that you not ignore what
they are saying I like to hope that will
work more closely in within the
framework of the OSI and that she will
not hear biased Ukrainian propaganda
this was not an attempt to prevent
Koreans from speaking or recently
journalists and the representatives of
tarter Crimean communities were not
accepted to to the on the board of the
aircraft a Baltic Company ground in
these activities want the pretext that
visa issued by Poland was only for
direct flight and now we are trying to
figure out if they activities were
politically motivated they changed
tickets and arrived where they wanted
but people are always hint read the
rejected accreditations and they are not
given floor etc now I mean here's the
resistive sleeve a chilly nights
rhetoric Denair
later to approach both formal Iran
whatever just casually to do it or Isis
you expect a criminal Easter I need I'd
like to answer the question that I
received the previous briefing about the
legal basis for the entry to the
territory of Donbass of Russian experts
those are Russian criminology experts
that will be allowed to the territory
after the they received an invitation
from Donbass auratus and they will
assist in investigating terrorist attack
before I start answering my call your
questions I would like to remind that
the next briefing will take place and
the richest ski palace in st. Petersburg
I will follow the kind invitation of my
colleagues and held my briefing on the
margins of the second Women's Forum in
st. Petersburg I invite all of you the
accreditation will be open the web links
will be posted on our website yes please
but the horror free audacity
informational portal
recently the patriarch of Constantinople
sent two representatives to Ukraine
is there another religious war ahead of
us well fortunately not ahead of us but
what we see now as state manipulations
on religious basis on the basis of faith
and religious rights of people in
Ukraine this is not about those trends
becoming evidence now it's already in
fact I will not even refer you to the
experience of experts or journalists
just analyze their recent speeches of
ukrainian President yourself I cannot
imagine anything more rude and
outrageous in terms of interference with
affairs of religion and of worshippers I
have never seen in my life I know that
people stand for the interests of
religious people and so on and so forth
this is understandable but trying to
change religious views of people at the
highest level of the state to try to
clash the religious people with each
other and to use truly to use religion
for political purposes to start
political games within the institution
of church try to use the approach of
diveded emperor in the area where you
are not an expert well this is something
new because I have not heard of mr.
poroshenko being the clerical leader of
the country i base on the statements of
views that I've heard and I believe that
probably he might have ambitions to be
I'm a religious leader as well yes
please another question uh no sign of a
mosque or Baku informational agency the
problem of conflict in nagorno-karabakh
has become a prominent recently our Sima
Xin has visited Azerbaijan and Armenia
and the president of Russia's met with
his colleagues in Azerbaijan and Armenia
to discuss this issue what can you say
today about this process taking into
account the developments of recent weeks
I mean the developments in Armenia do
they influence the process whatsoever
you know we analyze everything that's
being said on the topic of
nagorno-karabakh
analyzed all the statements pronounced
in various countries I'd like to remind
you that the position of the Russian
Federation on nagorno-karabakh remains
unchanged we believe that the final
status of nagorno-karabakh must be
defined by political and diplomatic way
this is our traditional position you
know about it the status should be
defined at the basis of the agreement of
the parties to the conflict and as a
part of Minsk Group of all we see Russia
will assist countries the Buddhists the
conflict in order to help them reach
compromise but we believe that the
impetus should be created by the parties
themselves yes please which we are
novice to Kristina or notice my question
is the following recently authorities of
Georgia refused the entry right to full
Russian citizens who were going to
participate in international media forum
of South Caucasus countries on the role
of media and confidence-building in the
region could you please comment on that
yes I have received such requests to
comment on that fourth to seventh
September in Tbilisi the event that you
mentioned took place it was organized by
pauletta logical center south and north
and newspaper Georgia and the
the forum was aimed at developing
intercultural and professional dialogue
to foster professional contacts between
media representatives of academia and
research community of South Caucasus
aimed at covering global problems media
forum was attended by more than 80
journalists and volatile gist of Russia
Armenia Azerbaijan and so on and so
forth the event was designed as a
platform to discuss Russian Georgia
agenda that was raised to the
development of our bilateral relations
in advance called
this event a form of pro-kremlin
propagandists probably I should not talk
about it now probably I shouldn't even
really be talking about it from the
point of view of my profession but I
cannot but react to this phrase at least
actually I wish I was quite ashamed not
to know even about this event and I got
to know about it
after the correspondent materials were
boosted with various media outlets
unfortunately negative informational
background promoted by a roosted via a
coup of caucuses and so on and so forth
had its impacts and really for Russian
citizens who wanted to participate in
the forum could not enter Georgia there
were further provocative actions during
the days of the forum for example a wing
of youth movement participate in those
provocations
fortunately the forum was not ruined and
annihilated
I can tell you that no sort of Kremlin
propagandists have anything to do with a
forum quite on the contrary I believe
this was a positive event to try to
attempt to try to establish bilateral
dialogue exchange of Athenians even
though the subpoena ins might be
unpleasant to somebody but you can
discuss anything you like when you see
it at one table with your colleagues and
your microphone is on I cannot possibly
think of what might be wrong with it you
know it's going all wrong when he will
start to switch off your mics starts
demanding to oust some journalists who I
credited for the session to leave the
room however I have talked about it
already so I believe we should not
prevent but on the contrary try to
humanize contacts with the country
between countries and peoples of the
region and I hope that any attempts to
ruin those for mates well fail anymore
I'd like to ask my question in India
John Glenn is said that the statements
made by Alexander Petrov and Ruslan
Bashir of in their interview aired today
on our tea in the interview with
Margaret some Union are quote not
credible and don't match the widely
accepted intelligence we have on these
individuals
have you seen the video and would you
care to come yeah yeah video blogger
it's a procedure proper alignment very
good what is the video that you are
talking about about the chairman of the
Poland's of Great Britain I have not
seen it if you are talking about
interview of Petrov and Bashir if I have
seen it well certainly I did you ask me
well the representative of British
Parliament said that those that this
interview cannot be credited cannot be
trusted
well forty minutes after this interview
was posted there were and
legis statements pronounced by British
Foreign Office he also said that this is
misleading information I have a question
what is the basis for such statements is
it just a political statement why do
they say that this is a lie
what was false about it as of today
after the statement was published the
statement of British party was
absolutely false this is what can be
said for sure how did the history
unravel itself first of all there were
photos and Russia was asked to
acknowledge that it really poisoned the
scruples the Russian party said that we
know nothing about those two
personalities after that we requested
all the official data from the British
side we were refused after that we said
that since Britain officially does not
provide us with any information with any
substantial information on this case
then we are going to analyse what is
posted what is present in media I said
it when I was talking in this very room
and our law-enforcement bodies and all
the authorities will be doing so taking
into account the fact that we have a
criminal proceeding going on this was
really done and the president of Russian
Federation talked about that yesterday
and what did come out of it that those
names were absolutely made up how I
would know today is that those names and
what made out that the personalities are
you and what is the basis for the
British party to call them lawyers forty
minutes after the interview was there an
expertise in protest and process of
their psychological state of the posture
of something
was it possible to do it in the course
of 60 minutes what was the basis for it
they make a phone call to Downing Street
asking what is our position for this do
we have to say that they are all line
and answer was yes say that they all lie
and what we have now is a real
succession of those statements why
probably because the public opinion in
Britain could not even think of what
they really said there so here is my
question two British diplomats what was
the basis for you saying intern ain't
real existing can create people what was
the basis for saying that all that those
people said was alive today I watched
this video I listened to their version
of what had really happened I also
turned to margarita C mignon with whom
are well-acquainted for several years
already and I asked her only one thing I
said well today we saw a video where you
talked with them could you please tell
me I'm just being curious just tell me
what is their psychological state what
did you think when talking to them and
she told me that they are very depressed
and that it can be felt
they actually confessed that they were
really depressed and some parts of it
were included in the video footage and
what she said was that those are two
people who are on the verge of a
psychological collapse probably or think
another term for it this is what
margarita Simonian told me and I believe
that all the questions about lie about
false statements about false actions
should be asked I believe it is
absolutely unacceptable to accuse people
of telling lies forty minutes after they
say anything and from what I heard they
actually asked media to protect them
because their names were profaned and
they were profaned globally and to say
that they do not feel quite comfortable
is to say nothing about their real
estate so I repeat my question what is
the legal basis what is the legal
framework for those accused Russian
citizens of telling lies forty minutes
after the interview what was the reason
for that psyche their psychological
portrait or something else what was what
did the British party see that was the
reason for seeing that those two people
were saying lies really we also received
the very same questions from all types
of media whether we are confused by the
pictures which were presented by the
British side as screen shots from the
surveillance cameras and we said that
these are very questionable photographs
because those were the screenshots of
the time when Bashir Avant patrol faint
as it turned out such people do exist
they were walking along a corridor and
the timestamp was identical to a second
and this was quite confusing
what are those corridors why is this the
same timestamp etc etc according to the
comments that they published and I was
very much interested in that
whether margarita Simonian is going to
pose that question to that because after
we said that we are interested to learn
a number of journalists attacked us and
they told us there are lots of corridors
and they walked in parallel and the only
person who said this is highly doubt was
the former British ambassador he wrote
about that on the social media so they
were quite surprised to see
those screenshots because they never
walked in this congregation before so
there are two points and one of them was
confirmed and the British sight lied
that this people do not exist because
the British have stated that those are
aliases and such people do not exist but
those people exist and we've seen them
all and the second point regarding the
screenshots I can not accuse anyone of
hypocrisy but there are even more
questions raised even before the
interview which was so regarding those
photos regarding the screenshots and the
materials presented who took those
screenshots who made those screenshots
who them while there are this
discrepancies what corridors are they
talking about
and the question which was posed to
themselves and to margarita Simone Yun
by Petrov and Musharraf and the whole
world was interested to know apart from
those pictures and the corridors are
there any other pictures they should
link Petrof and be Sheriff to the
accusations presented by the British
site we are all eager to see those
materials if over the course of 40
minutes the British side might
personally accuse two citizens of
hypocrisy then over the course of two
months they could definitely obtain
photographs which would link and to tie
those two people to the accusations
against Russia and all they are the
questions I would like to highlight once
again those are the questions to the
police to the law enforcement bodies and
those people should professionally
detangle this very confusing story
everything is involved the British
propaganda the British propaganda
machine politicians those people who
defended their interest their goals at
cetera et cetera the only thing I would
like to mention is that today it became
clear to me after watching this
interview why Boris Johnson resigned
laughs - the statement made by foreign
office just 40 minutes after the
interview aired I have no questions left
as to why Boris Johnson resigned as the
Foreign Secretary to be the crew of this
sinking sheep under the leadership of
the resume that's not what he wanted to
be this is just evident it's clear how
those fake news are created by the
Foreign Office we saw this scheme it
took them only 14 minutes to watch the
interview and to make additional
accusations of hypocrisy with regards to
particular people yes please basting
misting kavkaza now one more question
regarding how Moscow says Nicola
passions statement that nagorno-karabakh
might become the part of Armenia I've
talked about Russians view on
nagorno-karabakh in my response to the
previous question yes please
BBC I would like to go back to the topic
that you just commented on I have three
small questions the first one yesterday
President Putin said that we found those
people and today those two people gave
interviews to Russia today whether the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs took part in
the search for those people do you have
any response you actually overestimate
our abilities and quite modest our
abilities we are not involved in any
searches we are only giving political
assessment we are not carrying a search
for any people only the relevant bodies
do that it's weird that you are not
aware well the Ministry is a competent
in the relevant body as well yes but
only in political assessments of
collateral relationships and when we
provide some specific information
regarding our citizens the search for a
particular citizen on providing aid to
our citizens in emergency situation we
do this on the basis of the information
provided by the relevant body sometimes
that's the
Emer calm sometimes that's the Ministry
of Defense sometimes at the Ministry of
Health etcetra etcetra sometimes we say
that says the law enforcement body and
other relevant structures I guess this
is clear and this is what most
ministries of Foreign Affairs do my
second question today Petrov and
Musharraf appeared in public they are
middle-class businessmen yeah now you
want to question whether they're indeed
from the middle class or not but when we
received this first information about
them the fontanka crew carried its own
investigation and published the copies
of their passports their international
passports and according to that data the
numbers of their passports differ in
only one digit the last digit and are
you aware of how they managed to obtain
such kind of passports with such similar
numbers I have no idea as to how they
did it I have not personally met them I
saw them for the first time as talking
heads when around 1:30 today I watched
the RT interview with them I have not
seen them I have not heard them speak
before I'm not aware of what kind of
passports they hold what kind of visas
they hold this is not a question to be
addressed to us if you have a question
with regards to the passwords that they
hold you need to refer to the relevant
bodies which issue such documents and to
those bodies who do in the search for
the citizens and such research our
numbers digits stamps signatures this is
not our area of expertise
but those are international passports
I was curious maybe you wanted to find
out as to how that happen but who issued
those passports I don't know who but
Russia did there's public bodies you are
a Russian citizen are you aware of who
is issuing passports in Russia the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs the Federal
Migration Services well you should
probably refer to them I have not seen
those passports I have not seen those
digits I've only seen this video
recording of this interview I watched it
in Russian with no translation a
question from margarita Zimmerman and
then a response from Bashar Evan Petrov
that's it I have not seen any other
versions I've only seen the Russian
language version which was released at
one o'clock 115 something like that in
my last question do you want to come in
contact with them so as to help them
perhaps maybe unilaterally if these
watching this today you can tell that we
are in some sort of contact with them a
unilateral contact but personally I am
not planning to come in contact with
them you have not heard my question in
full weather the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs are you are planning to help
them to communicate their position to
the British government because
apparently the British government has
questions to ask them and these two
citizens as is as any other two citizens
would face the need or would want to
would expressly want to get the support
in the aid of the ministry on a certain
issue then they can address us publicly
it's you know in fashion these days and
it is stipulated by the law there's a
special section where they can contact
us they can contact us via email what is
at the disposal of any Russian citizen
or even of any foreign citizen is at the
disposal of these two people and we will
with do procedure consider their
applications as to what kind of support
and eight we might provide them I'm not
going to elaborate on that maybe this is
the question should be posed to them if
they're in need of anything as any
Russian citizen they can refer to their
relevant bodies in the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs is a public body or they
can do it publicly as is the trend these
days and we are going to give it to you
consideration yes please I love this
question about establishing contact
about this you know links and ties press
the button please and your mic
International Life magazine Madame
Sahara by their Security Research
Institute which is part of the EU issued
a report about the possible developments
in the Balkans and the general idea
expressed in the report is that the
Balkan countries are facing a
geopolitical choice between Russia and
the EU and does the ministry think that
those Balkan countries are facing such
choice indeed
theoretically speaking and this theory
is based on the experience that we
witnessed firsthand we are talking not
only about regional countries so to say
but all kinds of countries for example
Ukraine which was forced into this
choice and before they step a level off
in their development they were forced to
make this choice to refuse to cooperate
with one country and cooperate with
another so we should talk not only about
where those countries are situated but
gives them this choice I agree with you
this is an entirely different concept
this is sort of a vector of thought
which seeks not to coordinate and to
unite certain integrational and
developmental processes but rather
involve
countries into a certain area of
integration with no harm being done with
no damage caused to their prospects to
their goals to be involved in other
integrational processes what they seek
to do is to limit them to one particular
organization to one particular unity
this is not in line with the Russian
approach we want to create this
harmonization this joining of efforts
joining of ranks we do not want other
countries to face this either/or choice
and we do not understand why in the 21st
century especially after a decade of
integration in all kind of senses and
this whole globalization process you
want to draw this lines of division you
want to make countries face this choice
of whether to step over this verge and
to close the door behind there forever
this is not in line with the Russian
approach as a kind of in addition to
what you said previously we Eurasia
daily we've paid attention to the
statement made by Ron Johnson at the
u.s. senator who met with the Prime
Minister the Minister of Foreign Affairs
and other officials in Serbia and after
that in his radio interview he touched
upon the Russian influence in the
Balkans and he says that Russia is not
offering anything to Eastern Europe
which would lead to economic growth but
rather all those offers and suggestions
seeks to destabilize the situation and
the u.s. want Russia to build
friendly competitor but not arrival do
you share his assessment no we do not
share this assessment at all I believe
that such statements at the very least
although we believe them to be flawed
they require some sort of basis some
sort of examples but on the part of the
US senators we hear all kind of
accusations very direct accusations
against Russia without at the same time
providing any sort of basis any sort of
facts maybe they could provide a few
examples of what he was talking about so
that we could provide some counter
arguments and counter examples but in
theory no I do not share this assessment
it just came to me now that with regards
to the economic development as the South
Stream project why does it harm their
interest maybe you should pose this
question to the European Commission and
maybe to those countries who meddled in
to those practical decisions being made
using their own tools yes please my name
is AHA rava let me go back to the
previous briefing where you promised to
prepare a response of whether Russia
abandoned its citizens in the Ukrainian
prisons yes we are preparing this
material and we are going to present him
in the near future well you actually
promised to specify your question
whether you're aware of the fact that
the Russian citizens who were convicted
in Ukraine and are now appealing to the
Russian President to exchange them for
Ukrainian citizens currently being in
jailed in Russia of these people so
could you give me some names some
examples some facts so that I would
provide a specific targeted response
generally speaking we are very much
aware of the great number of stories and
cases
that you mentioned when the citizens of
Russia illegally were detained by the
Kievan regime including detained in
prisons and their rights are not being
upheld and we are very much involved in
resolving this issue so if you have any
specific surnames and specific lists
then we'll be glad to provide you with
all the available information just
provide us with a list can I can I
contact you in Facebook yes like Petrof
and Musharraf to come in contact with me
yeah go ahead I will send you though the
copies of those appeals to the Russian
president so this question would not
seem so shocking me and Rahman have long
been talking on Facebook's of there's
nothing new about this and my second
question recently just yesterday the
head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
water is not going to be supplied to the
occupied territory of Crimea and Russia
it is and it is Russia's fault and
regarding this man-made catastrophe is
Russia ready to make this a stipulation
that this territory is occupied by
Russia to resolve all those humanitarian
issues are you aware that any threat to
the civil infrastructure is classified
in the international law in particular
that the European law as a terrorist act
are you were aware of that I I'm not
sure that I understood you properly
well actually it's that easy lots of
actions undertaken by the Kiev regime
directly or after a prompt from the so
called activists with regards to energy
blockade or they gots to cause to block
these those supplies so that nothing
would function properly in Crimea are
you
where that in legal terms it is
qualified in Europe and within the EU as
a terrorist act are you aware of that
and when people are being blackmailed
and when people are intimidated and
threatened into cutting water supplies
and being instigated being threatened at
such rate cetera
are you aware that's all part of the
same problem as for providing those
crucial supplies to Crimea I can
reassure you that Russia is doing
everything in its power to do that and I
would want Kiev not to stoop to that
another step which can be classified as
terrorist activities and they will not
try to prompt anyone to sabotage
activities there are lots of examples of
that but when you stick to democratic
values you should stop with the sabotage
activities did I understand correctly
that the Crimea doesn't need Iranian
water because Russia deals with the
problem
I said easily that everything we should
do to provide crucial immunities to you
to the Crimea for living standards will
be done by Moscow but the decisions to
be made in water supply are not within
the expertise of the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs and I would like to reassure you
as an Iranian citizen because I see that
as a cranial journalist we will be
everything possible in order to prevent
Crimea from not have water
we from our patch will do all our
possible kanau a fan of secret channel
yesterday the European Parliament
launched the mechanism according to
which hungry might be refused the
membership in the Council of Europe if
we presume that Viktor Orban is one of
the few politicians who against
sanctions against Russia
do you qualify it as an attack against
Russia I will not say I would not say
that he is the pupil from few
politicians who are against sanctions
because they are the number is
increasing different politicians of
different levels do the same as well as
representatives of parties and movements
I believe that if we speak about my
crash my Gration meets quotas this is
the issue of 4th European Union to deal
with and we understand very well that
these processes are very boring and
concerning ones and we believe that they
are not connected with human rights nor
with analyzes for the future and it
undermines solidarity about which we
heard a lot from our European colleagues
unfortunately the situation is not about
solidarity when we speak about a real
situation on the ground in European
countries it's all clear
occasion to believe that these sanctions
because of migrants and NGOs but also
because Viktor Orban is in good terms
with Russia I believe that it is better
to clarify these in film instigators of
these sanctions but when we speak about
politicians and ordinary citizens who
just can't stand there is a phobia and
this constant pure of steel trees this
is evident and we spoke about it today
and we have a lot of examples but we are
speaking not only about politicians and
political leaders we speak here about
rusev for being that now is a desperate
people sometimes desperate to prove that
trusted for being hinders with
relationships between these countries
and Russia mr. Howle I have a couple of
questions the first is about migrants
from Syria and another one is connected
with my colleague and the representative
of a natochannel millions of Syrians
lived in Cota Stan after the easing of
tensions and he decided to return to his
country and he was arrested by
law-enforcement Assyrian organs his wife
and his children
were released but he was not and we fear
for his life Russian side as a lot for
refugees to return to Syria to their
homes in Syria we spoke a lot about it
and mr. Putin during his visits to
foreign countries said it repeatedly
could we hope for Russian Foreign
Ministry's assistance in this context
maybe you could provide us with some
materials because in this situation I
cannot be biased I cannot respond and I
can transfer the information to people
on the ground
another question is about the last
negotiations during the Teheran Samet to
relaunch the process of vectorization of
constitutional Syrian Committee you said
that the tensions increase in Syria
could you tell that everything is done
to undermine the process
I cannot say if everything is done the
scale of it is not for me to define but
the issue connected to constitutional
reform
this can be proven by official date by
available information and this is not
needed and you don't not have certain
expertise to make such conclusions when
you asked questions we had contact with
one of the journalists mr. kerubim
the question is about the Washington
position on Donbass and elections in DPR
the representative of the u.s.
Department of State said that the USA
accuses the plan of holding elections in
the TPR because the territory is under
the control of Russia and these
elections violate the Russian
obligations within the framework of
Minsk agreements
so the USA right to comment on the Minsk
agreements and comment on them
not being a part of such an agreement
does this activity an attempt to
destabilize the situation of Donbass
according to you if I ask your question
American colleagues believe that they
have this ride with these accusations
are constructive or not with the improve
the situation or not we cannot ask this
question if we speak about elections in
one bus we proceed from the fact that
the halting of
such elections is the decision of the
people of Donbass itself and I'll remind
you a well-known information that the
halting of elections on the 11th of
September followed the death of the in
DPR had the curtain come from the
terrorist attack and the aim of such a
plot was cancellation of peace
settlement in Donbass unfortunately
according to political statements it
feeds into the logic of military
settlement of the conflict professed by
Ukraine Ukraine the power void could be
very dangerous in that situation
perpetrators of the terrorist attack and
Monday tourism it should be found out
but the Lord Sheikh of those who
supported morally and emotionally as
well as politically the murdering and
the terrorist attack counted on the
distillation of situation if we speak
globally this Moscow flexing by Kiev is
instigated by Western sponsors who
provide it with lethal arms send
military experts to Ukraine not those
who are appealing for who are calling
one
when he was your crane to restore social
infrastructure in Donbass but those who
transfer to Ukraine everything that is
connected to military settlement of the
conflict for example mr. Volcker said
that self-proclaimed Republic often
passage should disappear this fits into
the context of the Minsk agreements or
into the concept of of the reality the
test of the Kharchenko this is a big
question why we have such statements
despite these provocations we believe
that the Minsk agreements remain without
alternative and they they should be
observed strictly we call on our
partners to refuse military rhetoric and
to start practical implementation of the
applications regional agency regional
news agency in the state duma over the
case of scrip our deputies mr. Mironov
said that the accusations against Russia
are inadmissible where the red line
starts I think that these kind of
accusations could be commented on by
experts they have this right
the leadership of our country can make
such statements if we speak about real
red line you must understand that this
is a met of a mature red line in large
part was crossed in different manners in
solidarity in respect of freedom of
expression and the freedom of media the
respect and careful attitude to birth at
the UN system and agencies of the UN and
the dignity of international law in
China all those issues represent only a
small list a rod redline has long ago
been crossed here is a couple of
examples of what's going around OPCW
what sort of urges and pressures
executed towards a group of countries in
order to make them make certain
decisions and the course of several
months everything related to Salisbury
Aylesbury
and later on with creep house was
commented on not by official
representatives of British government
but by media so you see that those media
were used as a tool as an instrument to
comment on this you see it took only 40
minutes today to proclaim to individuals
to be liars 45 minutes for five months
in a row we saw a story on
Ravel of informational influxes by a
media in order to create an impression
that inspection an investigation is
going on and not to be responsible for
that later on this shows that the
redline has already been crossed any
more questions yes players gradient of
moscow institution of international
relations from the ministry of foreign
affairs what can you say about it why do
you think that when somebody is afraid
of something they are afraid of one
thing only probably this is an indicator
of people have multiple phobias probably
not only moscow institution of
international relations scares people
probably well people are scared of mice
or something like this this is not a
decision that it was taken yesterday or
has been taken today this is a long lost
in history that has been generated by
Polish politicians and representatives
of power and government and this is a
story that has been developing on the
track of all bilateral relations for a
long time already for reasons we cannot
clearly identify we have heard those
statements on multiple occasions and we
underline that personal policy as an
area of expertise of a sovereign state
of its government but this looks
somewhat strange and weird because the
gradiate of Moscow universities and
Institute's have been successfully
working on many tracks
they have been employed by various
countries on in various areas I mean
specialists in humanitarian area
mathematicians activists physicists
experts in regional studies political
studies and so on and so forth there are
people that nations and countries can be
proud of I live here
you'd better have a look at pragmatism
rather than at ideology because these
are people that can contribute to the
general development of your country have
a look at their personal traits of
character have a look at them as
Patriots or not let me underline that
among the graded of Russian universities
there are many people who can contribute
to the development of their countries
and of their cities and we have seen
that in many countries the relation
towards those people is very dignified
because employers proceed not from
ideology but from contributions that
those people have offered for the sake
of the development of their nations if
you don't have any further questions
then see you in st. Petersburg goodbye
