ausco are we any closer to finding out
what really happened in this poisoning
well I doubt if it's going to be
resolved anytime soon but what we should
now be seeing is if these two people are
and Russians then on the Internet lots
of people in Russia should be writing up
that they know these people they've seen
them right where they live
so unless stuff starts to appear on the
internet soon that identifies these two
people and confirms it it rule I think
make a real question mark over whether
these two are actually Russian agents
yeah I mean we haven't been presented
with any facts any evidence as to to
back up the claims by the UK it doesn't
mean they're not true but there's
nothing to back them up what would have
thought at this point we have these two
photographs identifying these men as you
said would be the most important thing
if that's the case why is the UK
refusing to hand over such evidence that
they have such as fingerprints because
surely that would then put all the
pressure on Russia to identify these men
I think it certainly is the case that
the the failure to cooperate with the
Russians after the Russian government
offered to do this raises big question
mark about is this all true all my life
governments all around the world have
killed people I was a young man when the
British government authorized the
assassination of the Prime Minister of
what was then Central African Republic
and Patrice Lumumba and so governments
do terrible things but what struck me
over the last couple of years the scenes
have been a ratcheting up of
anti-russian sentiment almost like
trying to recreate a Cold War no one in
Britain has ever told the truth about
Crimea I know one is told that 90% of
the people living in Crimea Russian they
want to be part of Russia we just always
told this thing an aggressive invasion
and things like that
so the eagerness with which Theresa my
our Prime Minister virtually from the
moment this incident happened was
blaming Russia and blaming Russia when
there wasn't a shred of evidence then
and there's very little now I don't know
I just I can recall my life we've been
lied to by governments a labor and
conservative so I'll wait till I see
some truth it's a it's an argument now
that that seems to be the first one in
the playbook for governments around the
world when you make a serious claim you
say we have the evidence but we can't
show it to you for security reasons or
whatever why don't the UK just make this
really simple put all of their evidence
on the table let everybody in the world
see it then put Russia in a difficult
position why not just do that
well I think that's what causes me to
question whether this is and what the
government is saying is true I given
that Russia has said it will cooperate
it will share evidence it will assist in
all of this to actually refuse to do
that to continue to keep everything
hidden suggests there might be a hidden
agenda here as part of the broad anti
Russian campaign being largely led one
has to say by the British government
we heard nikki Haley say it that Russia
continues to just it's their playbook to
deny any accusations but the UK
themselves aren't helping themselves
here by not putting forward evidence so
we've got this he shirt he said she said
you know argument counter-argument
situation wants again how do we move
forward I think the only way to move
forward is to open all this up
ie it's taken quite a considerable time
for any police report to finally get out
and I thought the point I made at the
beginning if these two people are
clearly Russian agents then all over the
Internet by now we should have people
going on and saying yes I know them they
live around the corner or whatever and
I'm not aware anything like that has
happened and that does siding undermine
the claims I don't know whether you can
answer this or not but I'm just
interested how do you feel the sentiment
is among the public over in the UK I
mean I think the press are pretty much
sided with the government maybe you can
counteract that but what's your what's
your feeling over there I didn't catch
that I'm afraid it's starting to rain
quite heavily what was the question
just very briefly I just wondered what
the sentiment was there among the UK
public of what's happening here Oh
basically the British public are sick
and tired of our getting into convicts
we've still not recovered and the
consequences of the wars in Iraq and
Afghanistan overthrowing their prime the
governor government in Libya I don't
think anyone wants to see a ratcheting
up of this stuff if we're having
sanctions against Russia damages the
British economy and therefore I think
the vast majority of people are looking
at this but they're not particularly
infused by the position the government
is take
many things can't appreciate your time
Ken Livingstone Foreman Baron London is
my guest Ysera okay we can take a very
short break do stay with
