Donald Trump's former chief strategist
Steve Bannon is at the Venice Film
Festival - after being dumped from
another high-profile event the New
Yorker festival he was slated to be a
keynote speaker in next month's event
but the appearance was called off after
several high-profile guests threatened
to pull out in protest if Steve Bannon
is at The New Yorker festival I am out I
will not take part in an event that
normalizes hate I hope The New Yorker
will do the right thing and cancel the
Steve Benin event maybe they should read
their own reporting about his ideology
I'm out sorry New Yorker see if Melo ya
know bliss is free Bannon and me on the
same program could never happen the New
Yorker festival is an annual debate and
entertainment event featuring
high-profile writers politicians and
comedians the editor of The New Yorker
magazine which hosts The Gathering
explained his decision to call off Steve
Palin's appearance a David Remnick
said he'd can reconsider it as there is
a better way to engage with Bannen he
went on to say that he's open to
interviewing Bannen in the future but in
a more traditionally journalistic
setting Donald Trump's former chief
adviser hit back at the New York who are
accusing its editor of being gutless
when confronted by the howling online
mob but this is not the first time
Bannon has been involved in controversy
did you look at you know the opposition
party and how they portrayed the
campaign how they betrayed the
transition and now they're betraying the
administration it's always wrong
they're corporatist globalist media
sending HT banners
given what Steve Bannon has represented
and the massive critique around what
Bannon represents which is the rise of
white nationalism in the United States
I think it's overall generally good
thing that that platform is taken away
see Bannon is not evil and if you
disagree with him you should want to
hear him and confront him not say if he
comes I'm not coming Bannon was the hard
right
populist white nationalist right and you
don't have to you're not to like come
out with a swastika or something to be a
white nationalist this is and it's not
that simple
that was his agenda if he watches
documentaries if you watch the the kind
of media he put out that is exactly what
the undertones and the discourse of
Bannon represents let's assume for the
sake of argument that that statement
about white nationalism and the link to
Steve Bannon is true which it is not
what's the harm
David Remnick the publisher said he was
going to grill Steve Bannon he was going
to challenge him on his ideas he was not
going to give him a softball kind of
interview yet that wasn't good enough
for the lefty intolerant left people
like Jim Carrey Jimmy Fallon and others
who said if he comes we're not coming
nananana because we don't like to hear
the other side we don't like we only
like to hear people like us and you have
to be clueless to not see that there is
an association with Steve bannon's
policy and politics and the growth of
white nationalist resentment in this
country that you're seeing the rise in
hate crimes you're seeing this kind of
obsessive fixation on xenophobia and
criminalizing all immigrants as if you
know we're all rapists so I think that
this is criticism bad and that's like
what the public thinks is acceptable
they just don't want the opposition to
be heard period that's what the Antipa
does they beat people up there the
radical left they shut people down at
colleges they don't want an exchange of
ideas in this country they want one idea
this idea that is being proposed by my
opponent that's our only certain people
on
left just want to cut off a dialogue is
absurd I mean there's plenty of room for
dialogue outside of Steve Bannon I also
think people have the right to not want
to participate in something like that if
you're gonna be a speaker and a guy like
that shows up you know there's there
some kind of commitment to you having to
know you don't have to like I think it's
perfectly plausible as well for society
to draw the line somewhere you could
draw the line I agree with my opponent
you can draw the line and if you're a
speaker and you don't like one of the
speaker's you can say I'm not coming but
the fact that the left does this and the
right doesn't and that speakers on
campus if they're conservative there's
riots on campus to shut them up and not
when it's a leftist speaker shows the
culture as it is
you
