hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report psychedelia for your Abdullah
oblongata Stacy I don't know what that
is and I'm not going to ask because we
have a lot to get into in this show
there is some stuff that happened in the
end of August that we didn't have a
chance to get through because other news
was breaking and we just need a show
basically we need a 24-hour a day show
because we need to cover this non-stop
but I want to look at this tweet from
Yanis varoufakis who had been the
finance minister for Greece he was a
frequent guest on the show by the way
before he became finance minister but
this is a tweet from August 21st
yesterday should be a day that our
universities media schools should use as
an example of the establishments
undiminished capacity to manufacture
consent yesterday Greece entered 32
years of permanent harsh austerity while
the world media celebrated the end of
Greek austerity August 20th is when all
the media I don't know if you remember
seeing this but they hailed like yay
Greece is no longer in bailout
everything is fine they've exited the
European bailout and it was supposed to
be great the vultures walk left a table
because there's nothing left to eat ok
the IMF and the troika and the ECB and
the EU and the ECB they all fed on a
corpse of Greece that they themselves
killed until there was nothing left to
pick the vultures there's no more meat
on the bone they took all the assets
they sold them they repackage them they
financialized them and now they're
leaving and they say oh the job is done
we're leaving there's still more
austerity just because they've
essentially picked all the meat off the
bones and they're now going to move on
probably to another country and destroy
that country and my guess is the United
Kingdom in fact we're gonna go over the
headline there is actually a huge amount
of austerity and further increases in
taxes coming for the poor but what I'm
saying is just like in the last episode
where we have the corporate mainstream
media people making 10 20 30 40 50 60
million dollars a year
and their friends are bankers and their
friends are the hedge funds that rescued
Greece their friends are the that
unelected bureaucrats of Europe these
are their friends who all agree that
everything is greed because the final
tranche of the lungs to bail out Greece
has been issued and now it's all done
Greece's bailout was a disaster for
Greece this is from Barron's by the way
it's from a financial media barons the
European Stability Mechanism dispersed
its final tranche of loans to the Greek
government on August 6 on August 20th
the program officially ended although
the loans are not expected to be fully
repaid for another half a century
it's another half-century of paying back
these debts hopefully there's no other
financial crisis that ever intervenes in
that time but if their purpose was to
support the Greek economy the emergency
loans must be considered a failure since
2008 the economy has shrunk by a quarter
and more than four hundred thousand
Greeks have emigrated house prices are
down 43% bank credit to the private
sector has contracted by a third fixed
capital formation after depreciation has
been consistently negative since 2010
more than 70 billion euros worth of
assets including infrastructure housing
and business plant and equipment has
been destroyed because of lack of
maintenance a staggering loss for a
hundred and eighty billion euro economy
if Germany marched into grace and they
took over at the government and they
imposed German law then you'd say oh my
god Germany just conquered Greece but
instead the ECB which is Germany decided
to bankrupt the company or mean the
country and wrap everything up in the
country as a bond that's now going to be
paid off in 50 years so there's no
difference so the people are
experiencing the same thing they didn't
suffer casualties on the battlefield but
through unemployment drugs alcohol etc
despair they'll probably suffer similar
rates of casualties many thousands of
Greeks will die
because of this German conquest in the
end the troika there's also the u.s. as
they point out Timothy Geithner was also
behind pushing this on to the country
and they point out that the classic
response to a debt crisis as they went
through would have been to default on
the debts and then get an IMF loan and
then start restart the economy instead
they weren't allowed to default on any
of the debts in fact all of their debts
were almost 100% made whole all the
bondholders were made whole and instead
the result was a series of loans made to
the Greek government so that it could
repay its foreign private sector
creditors as Yanis misaki's of
macropalous calculated in 2015 only 27
billion euros of the 300 billion euro
bailout or 11% of the money lent to the
Greek government by the IMF and the
European governments was actually used
to help cover the budget deficit and pay
arrears to Greeks by contrast 70% of the
rescue loans went directly out the door
in the form of principal repayment
interest payments and incentive payments
to foreign bondholders the rest went to
bank recapitalization foreign
bondholders meaning deutsche bank
deutsche bank French banks American
American banks right the troika so they
it all started with the euro member
Greek the Greek economy was kind of
welded into the Euro even though they
didn't qualify in a Maastricht Treaty
yes Goldman Sachs cooked their books and
made it look like they had less debt
than they did so then they jumped into
the euro then Greece Germany it was like
this is gonna be an easy carve up
yeah a loaded that country up with all
these loans at interest rates that they
could never afford to to work with and
then they killed it and now they own it
and that's the way politics and that's
best and that's war to love everything's
fair in love and war I guess the Greek
economy was a known sort of basket case
and price signals would have said that
if we're gonna loan to a Greek company
or the Greek government or Greek
corporations or Greek individuals we're
gonna charge them ten twelve thirteen
percent but want to enter the Euro the
pricing
we're gonna lend to them for 1% there's
no risk involved at all in lending to
Greece
so therefore the Greeks were plied with
free money these are like air dropped on
to them that they were said here borrow
a hundred billion euros because we're
only going to charge you two you
mentioned Timothy Geithner yes who then
now in 2018 got into the business of
sending people these checks in the mail
that if you cash it you instantly go
into debt in Greece the ECB and Germany
like airdrop all this money at 2 3 4 5 %
loans yeah until a they choked on it yes
foreign bondholders deutsche bank all
the French banks pensions around the
world they loaned all this not by
accident but they they were taking more
risk than they were being paid for and
because once the final bill came due and
obviously Greece couldn't pay the normal
response is like oops our bad you
shouldn't have lent to us at 3% the
lender needs to take some responsibility
yeah I can't lend let me get getting
back the savings and loan crisis and
getting back to the subprime crisis in
almost every cent the long-term capital
management crisis there's always the
same thing
the plutocrats take no risk they just
put their money out there when they
can't pay it back the government bails
them out and you end up with less money
that's been the story now for 50 60
years
there's no reason it's gonna stop
anytime soon unless trade wars turn into
neo mercantilism and everyone's fighting
for themselves which I prefer I just
want to point out that Kaiser report
since 2008 has been covering this the
exact opposite of what the corporate
media has said and Yanis varoufakis is
the only former government minister also
speaking the truth we are not saying
that the bailout has been exited and all
is great in Greece anybody with it who
could see or read or or hear or or have
any sentient quality to them could see
that that is a disaster and it's a crime
against humanity that happened there so
I want to move to another story that
happened in the end of August and of
course we no longer have NAFTA but NAFTA
is dead long live NAFTA Trump signed
this new us-mexico trade deal and so
we're supposed to this
new trade deal but here is what has been
silenced to death because we're talking
we always talk here in kindest report
about the stuff that the mainstream
media does not talk about everybody's
happy about this trade deal because all
the automakers can continue using cheap
labor down there but one of the major
selling points of the original NAFTA was
that it would create well-paid jobs in
Mexico raise wages in Mexico and bring
up the Mexican consumer base so that
they could buy us products and these
higher wages in Mexico would relieve
downward pressure on u.s. wages but this
is precisely what has not happened and
what wolf Richter goes into here is that
there are actually protection contracts
they're called
so the local mayors and governors of
these state regions in Mexico have
basically allowed South Korean and
Japanese and American and German car
manufacturers to offer these protection
contracts the protection contract is
that the the you know workers and those
plants into the future can never ask for
more money and what they're being paid
is like at the new GM for the GM auto
manufacturing plant that they're gonna
build down there they're gonna be paid
two dollars and 25 cents an hour versus
almost $30 an hour for US workers so
Mexican workers are to this day have
never had a pay increase in the 30 years
since NAFTA happen Chinese workers make
far more Chinese workers have no trade
deal with the u.s. other than via the
WTF Chinese workers make far more than
Mexican workers okay well it doesn't
sound very good does it I mean I haven't
picked through the details of this new
NAFTA deal but it sounds like just more
of the same it is more the same but the
fact is what is not being talked about
you know that the US media is very
excited for GM for Ford for all the car
manufacturers it's all back on but what
is not being talked about and other than
who by Wolff Richter and Kaiser report
is that the the the prom
of NAFTA remember if you tuned in to
MSNBC or Fox both sides are saying
getting out of NAFTA these straight
deals are great you know we have to have
them but the the way it was sold the way
Clinton and other administrations sold
it to the American worker was that well
if we raise the wages of the Mexican
workers that will reduce the pressure
downward on your wages but in fact there
are protection contracts just like the
bondholders and against Greece had
protection contracts that were unwritten
in that case but that the governments of
the United States and Germany and
international organizations like the IMF
would come in and protect their contract
at the cost that the Greek citizen here
the same thing is these actually these
workers in Mexico are essentially
coerced into these jobs and they have
contracts that these huge conglomerates
around the world are protected their
profit margin is protected while the
worker must pay for it but also the
American worker has to pay for it
because somebody making down to a dollar
40 a day at some of these auto
manufacturing plants in Mexico dollar 40
a day and the US worker right across the
border bordering countries you would
think that we would lift the boat of our
neighboring country our close ally and
yet their wages are suppressed and
that's why I don't think whatever this
new deal is this new fake deal you know
it's it's it still hasn't addressed the
fact that these Mexican workers are
forced into protection contracts well of
course the mainstream media that
criticizes all this day they've got
unions yeah of course the the Screen
Actors Guild on units they're just
performers right but these poor people
they have no unions they're reading
fiction of course hey got to take a
break we'll be back after this don't go
away
welcome back to the Kaiser report on my
exposure time now to go to Leah Wald a
former World Bank economist she's a
Forbes writer no seven languages and
welcome to the Kaiser report Thanks so
it's a lot of fun being here thanks for
having all right so let's talk Bitcoin
you in fact are do a podcast with tone
Vaes and you're very well known in the
Bitcoin space when did you get into it
um so at least started learning about
blockchain back in 2014 when I was
working in venture capital and at the
time I was still sourcing and looking
for specifically it was fin tech
companies specifically blockchain that
somehow had to do with social
entrepreneurial endeavors learned about
it didn't understand too much about it
but kept hearing that buzz word kept
hearing that buzz word and it didn't
make sense to me at the time because
they didn't seem like actual blockchains
or at least what I was learning and
listening to and listening to you guys
and then when did I really get the bug
that was early October last year we're
completely quit everything I was doing
and haven't gone back saying well just
dive right in now it's interesting cuz
of course you're a former World Bank
economist and so you know you've got
some experience in this in this space if
you will and you know bitcoin is being
positioned as a world beater that it's
gonna be somehow take on the global
financial infrastructure do you see that
as being possible sure just so many
levels
just on the nature of how the World Bank
operates and the fact that you know it
was established 1944 with Bretton Woods
to specifically help with reconstructing
after World War two for Europe but at
this point it's really just a band-aid
but also just what inflating away dead
and the way that you know they're
providing the microfiber will not evolve
you have the microfinance loans but the
majority of the loans and specifically I
worked in the Africa region of the World
Bank and I worked under obeah Zac Wesley
for a while and absolutely she's
incredible so at the time before the the
new organization the reorg under dr.
Kim it was structured very differently
okay let me jump in for a second so you
were made reference to safety no mooses
book the Bitcoin standard and he gets
into the whole history of fiat money in
the post Brentwood's world that we live
in now driven by Keynesian economics and
he talks about the World Bank and the
IMF in these other institutions as being
somewhat corrupt in that they are always
just printing money to solve problems
instead of maybe looking at sound money
as being a solution do you agree with
that I do and that's also because right
so the way that the structure of the
bank loans are created is that
especially in insane hyperinflation
countries Zimbabwe being limited again
insane hyperinflation countries okay
there are countries out there we've got
Venezuela we've got the Argentina we've
got back on the chopping block you've
got Iran having their currencies in
freefall these experiences are not
uncommon we've seen them often in the
past would these countries benefit some
have kind of tipped their toe into
crypto is that the right direction for
them is could a country adopt a crypto
or Bitcoin does that change the playing
board oh you know you're a former World
Bank economist what do you see there I
mean Iran you've been on the front line
there what what do you think could
happen so I think that there's multiple
levels of what you're saying and we were
speaking about the government sure but
if we can take it down to the level and
we can we can do both but of the people
you said just the word specifically
country and I think words are very
important so specifically where do I
find bitcoins incredible potential
besides the fact that I just believe in
every aspect of a Bitcoin maximalism but
is being able to actually help the
people by overcoming and bypassing neo
patrimony ways structures and again just
really quickly on what I was saying
previously is that the way that the
loans are structured especially for
these countries is the view inflate away
the debt right so even with that said
you know then those governments are
having to
very unsustainable and inflationary
policies to be able to do that but if we
then do take it back to the people one
of my projects after the World Bank but
working with the World Bank so if anyone
knows the structure really quickly of
the World Bank is just sure you have
working in the World Bank and I was
there but also doing the contracts on
the ground is typically through a
contractual relationship so you're
saying that the individuals in these
countries it's up to them to achieve
individual sovereignty as some call it
and by doing so by let's say keeping
their own private keys by accumulating
Bitcoin they're on a path toward an
economic recovery and by passing these
institutions like the IMF and the World
Bank in other words if I say the IMF and
the World Bank are and that they don't
do any good and that these individuals
need to take the destiny into their own
hands using Bitcoin where am I wrong
with that statement that I think it's
actually up to us to ensure that that
happens that it's up to the entire
community to ensure that they're able to
do that when I talk to people in
Venezuela they say you know you're gonna
get me arrested because of my mind
Bitcoin they're gonna throw me in jail
I'm gonna be beaten okay so and you know
every revolution has a price the
American revolutions French Revolution
Russian Revolution they have there's a
price to pay and it can be harsh
I mean is it irresponsible for example
for me to put that message out there
because they're putting people in the
line of danger to say all institutional
financial organizations do not have your
best interests at heart only you have
your interest at heart and only you can
achieve economic individual sovereignty
through Bitcoin or what and where am I
wrong with that statement quite wrong
only that it's imposing our beliefs on
other people one of the companies that I
was part of actually well I could say
the last company that I was a co-founder
of that arathi it helped connect
unemployed that's-i mentors and service
to job placement now the most important
thing was asking every single person
what is it that you actually want and I
think quite often and especially
the Bitcoin community that we assume
that we know everything and we assume we
know what people want and we assume that
it will work for people on the grounds
faith in these in these supernatural
national organizations I not
supernatural but super super national
organizations no no but I'm just saying
that I do think it's absolutely
important to first ask and ask the
people on the ground and then ask
specifically how do we need to build it
in a way that actually will work for you
as a quick example for the World Bank so
I was working on a project for say while
self-employed women's association so
living and working in rural actually
Ahmedabad living in the slums and sehwa
Bank is incredible so it's a micro loan
microfinance institution now one of the
issues is the vast majority of the women
in seiwa actually are illiterate so they
had to figure out and create a pictorial
system but you know a empezó was an
initiative at the World Bank which was
one of the first real microfinance and
that's when Vodafone bought it and that
was through Kenya but again Vodafone
bought it you know microfinance I'm
thinking in Bangladesh you know when it
was started I mean banks okay and then
it kind of got bought out and - was
World Bank attracts a Wall Street and
they brought in the interest rate
structure changed and it kind of lion
became predatory absolutely so again how
why should we trust these organizations
like World Bank and IMF and Wall Street
banks so I don't think we should so with
the seiwa example it was their banks so
they are a labor union and they have
cooperative systems so it was their bank
that they decided to create together and
therefore ask the women in that
organization what is it that you need
what is it that you want and how do we
make sure that it's built in a way that
again works for you whether it needs to
be we need to bring in developers which
I thought were brilliant to create a
pictorial system that you can press the
you know they don't have corn sorry my
mom was a corn farmer and Eve of corn as
an example to and to be able to use that
as a system of figuring out how much
money they actually need so I'm painting
these organizations a broad-brush and
saying they all stink and you're pushing
back a little bit you're saying you know
that's not
fair because there's some really good
work going on absolutely okay so of
those organizations where do you see the
best work going up well my brain is
going to Bitcoin buy so the question
back to you is what work you know you
know what's the best work with what
mission with you know what mission
vision values you know another you
because you're revoking the world bank
incredible economist who left I do think
there was a terrible brain drain and the
best left is Murchison and he said I
believe specifically poverty shouldn't
be seen through the standards like
criterion of income disparity but
instead capability of disparity and I
would add to it opportunity disparity as
well so if we look at poverty
alleviation in the various facets and
myriad of difficulties that need to be
solved I think that it's important not
to as you said the broad strokes of
painting an institution or cooperatives
or however structure it is as being
helping or hurting or solving a problem
because there's so many problems and
it's not just so there's huge resources
in all these organizations for example
I'll give an example aid tech is a
crypto project we know they got started
really talking to us back two years ago
they're now working with the UN to bring
the aid directly to folks using
blockchain and Bitcoin technology and
bypassing all the intermediaries so
would that be an example there for one
of these global organizations using
crypto to better the world in that sense
then you would support so far as you
know I haven't talked about a tech
before I don't know if you know the
project but I don't I've been following
paxville and a couple other really
interesting organizations I'm a fan of
to to be very honest I think bitcoins a
beautiful boat
but until we scrape off the barnacles of
cryptos then and the rest of these scam
coins for the most part I don't think
that these are gonna be particularly any
of these beautiful initiatives as
impactful as they can and should be and
on that note you know just talk about
Bitcoin for a second specifically a lot
of people see Bitcoin is something for
rich people is that an incorrect
characterization yes I know it depends
on how you see it and what that actually
means only because it's very confusing
very honestly you know I personally I
had a difficulty love a difficult time
trying to understand how to set up
different wallets how to fully
understand the right cold-storage how to
make sure that my payments go through
and I love jimmies weather report but
finding out through the you know when is
the right time I think that this space
is still very confusing I think the
innovations are absolutely brilliant
it's so exciting with lightning with
liquid with atomic swaps with you know
everything that's happening but at the
same time right now I wouldn't say it's
for wealthy people but I would say that
it's very very difficult to use and so
maybe the way that I would see it is
whatever Bitcoin truly becomes based on
these absolutely incredible innovations
with I think the absolute best
programmers in the world I couldn't be
more excited every single day wake up
happy every single day because of it but
until it becomes a place where it's
actually easy to use and I would say
it's not right now then I don't think
it's gonna fulfill those missions fair
enough thanks going on thank you so much
and that's gonna do it for this edition
of the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser
and Stacy Herbert or I think our guest
Leah wall do you want to catch us on
twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time bye up
