Boyd views inkaluhrs their Rush Limbaugh
he knows who enforces plan this joke
over here that's why the D platforming
didn't work thank you here's here's the
question here's a question don't touch
me I'm just bad you nice but I know but
I don't want to be fed on I gonna get
arrested who you are it's not just gonna
oh oh you'll beat me up I'd say they
don't mind me so bad
you're not gonna stylish me you are like
you are literally a little gangster thug
there are there people in Rubio just
threatened to physically take care of my
woman tells you China the problem which
it is but they're taking our free speech
right now do you believe that these need
to be regulated like a public utility
and how do you go about doing this I
prefer not to prefer competition take
care of that but obviously we're gonna
watch closely to make sure that these
tools that are being used and the one
thing is to say we're gonna go after
foreign interference design is so nice
but it's already going on here another
thing is the Democrats are going thing
the Republican because at some point
some Democrats or a nation or a
difference between you know
misinformation to bribe and differences
of opinion yes and that's has a very
fine line and not something we need to
be careful about we don't over reach in
that correct but then he doesn't know
about a horse being banned
here's not what the top every story
think about how they not just how they
how they apply that within the United
States info but they don't deserve
authoritarian regimes abroad to crack
down on free speech because the review
got so mad at me if there is a bizarrely
balance between what is free speech and
what people disagree on frat-boy so cool
back to your bathhouse
you
