Twitter and Facebook bosses have
apologized have been too slow to spot
alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US
presidential election the social media
Giants were testifying at a Senate
hearing on quote foreign influence
Google though decided to skip the
hearing altogether let's cross live now
to Washington DC our correspondent there
is Sameera Kant
Sameera what emerged then from this
meeting well Facebook CEO Sheryl
Sandberg and Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey
appeared before the Senate Intel
committee and they addressed a wide
range of concerns related to supposed
foreign influence operations apparently
a Google was asked to attend the hearing
but didn't end up sending a
representative so we were shown Google's
empty chair the entire time but during
the hearing Facebook and Twitter took
responsibility for their actions and
seemed like they were trying to play
nice with the US government constantly
apologizing for not doing enough and
promising to improve their mechanism
found ourselves unprepared and
ill-equipped for the immensity of the
problems that we've acknowledged we were
too slow to spot this and too slow to
act that is on us yeah and to be to be
frank we haven't done a good job at this
in the past and so this is a big threat
and our opponents are gonna keep getting
better and we have to get better and we
have to stay ahead and the more we can
all work together the better off we're
gonna be we've really strengthened our
partnership with our government agencies
since 2016 the committee also warned
against quote malign Russian activity
which Twitter estimated to be around
0.01% 1 6 percent of all accounts saying
that these a quote a malicious accounts
constituted less than 1% of all election
content Facebook and Twitter attempted
to the defend themselves but they didn't
have much luck the Russians also
continued to infiltrate and manipulate
American social media to hijack our
national conversation again you've
gotten better and I've pleased to see
that you've begun to take action
but also the Russians are getting better
as well they have now become harder to
trap worse now that the Russian PlayBook
is out there other adversaries as we saw
recently like Iran have joined the fray
Russian either leans left nor right it
simply seeks turmoil a weak America is
good for Russia then Facebook brought up
that third party fact checkers are
helping them eliminate fake news and
they're also building mechanisms to a
prevent meddling in the midterm
elections coming up in November
including raiding their users on their
trustworthiness and building a so-called
war room but to both companies also
revealed their strategies Facebook is
going after inauthenticity and Twitter
is looking for any suspicious activity
but the day isn't over for Twitter
Dorsey is now testifying before a House
committee so we'll just have to see what
happens over there
you
