sweet'n go to the polls on Sunday the
latest projections do show that a
right-wing party could actually become
kingmaker because the Sweden Democrats
popularity has soared on the back of
anti-migrant rhetoric pinning the blame
for recent spike in crime on newcomers
to the country but while experts do say
other factors explain the crime wave
many Swedes have been won over by the
Democrats party's Murray finocchiona
visited some of the area's hardest hit
by anti-migrant sentiment if a 50 hand
grenades were detonated in Sweden crime
in the country has skyrocketed in a
spike in shootings this year already
violent crime has moved right up the
list of issues Swedish party's a
pledging to tackle ahead of the general
election we went to two cities making
some of the worst criminal headlines
man when southern Sweden has been seen
too many violent attacks earlier this
summer there was a drive-by shooting
here across the cybercafe
you can still see the marks from the
bullets three people have been then
killed and three others seriously
injured interesting that police station
is just block away from here
people who were the victims were
targeted because of who they are we know
that they are heavily involved in
criminal activities this is usually
usually something to do with narcotics
and different types of a heavy crime the
probe continues and police can't give
many details between such incidents
happen in vulnerable areas like this the
question on everyone's mind seems yes
people tend to blame all the criminality
raid for well no it's hard to say they
it's a lot of people in malm√∂ are are
the second or third generation
immigrants in our statistics we don't
take in ethnicity as well you can say
that at least 90% of the peoples who are
suspects and our victims in these types
of crimes are young men young male and
they're usually from families that may
not be highly educated they come from
usually rather poor circumstances as
well
arson and riots dominated the summaries
news in Gothenburg divisions there are
also high hand very visible a 50 minute
tram trip just from one part of the city
to another exposes both at the top of
the social pyramid and the bottom
studies almost always show crime rate is
linked to welfare one professor admits
we asked what many want to know are
immigrants responsible you can present
in different ways you can presented that
it's a migrant problem you can present
it also like it's a socio-economic
problem you can present it even that is
youth problem
I mean you tooth in that way of choosing
also there is a political manifestation
and that's a way of marginalizing
stereotype isin you know it's all way of
saying that people that are not from
Europe are more primitive so I mean all
these coming to the politics professor
is referring to the Sweden Democrats the
right-wing party tips for its best
result in years it's the immigrants who
burn cars who rape steals murders who
cause huge amount of money that affects
all other areas in the Swedish society
that's the real problem
Stina Homburg works at the National
Crime Prevention Council whose job is to
make sure crime policy is
knowledge-based politicians and media
use their data to show immigrants are to
blame but steena warns they are often
taken out of context most of the
over-representation by immigrants
disappears if you add the fact that they
are socially deprived we have reports in
from 1996 2005 that established that
people from Middle East Africa grossly
over-represented when it comes to
violent crimes for instance yes those
gang shootings it's a lot of second
generation young men but if you see
theft and assault and these kinds of
crimes we don't see an increase just
recently an investigative program on
actually Swedish television also
confirmed immigrants and rapes for
instance
it might be easier to report a
perpetrator who is an immigrant or in
other way is socially deprived - you can
try this all this integration stuff has
been that's I've been trying for 30 or
40 years and it's totally useless
the only real you know thing to solve
the problems is to make the move back it
has become a strong political issue and
there is a new political arena in Sweden
with the right-wing parties we've been
attacked by left wingers and immigrants
in this election campaign
I mean I've seen so many reports on it
and if there's gonna be increased
turbulence after we win on 9th of
September that's on them not us
Tuesday's ahead of the vote polls say
the Sweden Democrats are closing in fast
and the ruling Social Democrats whether
they're right or wrong the
anti-immigrant parties convincing people
that the security situation is critical
immigrants are to blame and they had the
answer on Sunday voters may just give
them a chance to show it Murray notional
arty Sweden
you
