Neal we were hearing this afternoon
Theresa May said that the two chief
suspects in this case were actually
officers working for Russia's military
intelligence service that's just quickly
remind ourselves of what she said
firstly
based on a body of intelligence the
government has concluded that the two
individuals named by the police and CPS
are officers from the Russian military
intelligence service also known as the
GRU the GRU is a highly disciplined
organization with a well-established
chain of command so this was not a rogue
operation it was almost certainly also
approved outside the GRU at a senior
level of the Russian stage as we heard
there Neal almost certainly approved at
a high level in the Russian state what
did you make of what she said well I
would like to challenge the resume to
make her statement outside of parliament
to say the same thing she said in
Parliament today outside because she's
protected by parliamentary privilege in
other words she could say anything there
and she can't be sued for defamation if
she really believes that then why can't
she come out and say that later on at a
press conference for example because all
we had this morning was the police
officer in charge of the criminal
inquiry stating that they were looking
for these two suspects two Russian
nationals and they and the Crown
Prosecution Service believed they had a
strong enough case to prosecute them
thought they were guilty but to bring a
criminal case against them but Theresa
May has gone way beyond that
Andrews she's actually come out in
Parliament today and basically accused
madam mayor Putin of ordering this
operation and that's a very very serious
allegation to make as I said if she
really believes that is true then she
shouldn't be able to make that outside
of Parliament if he doesn't well that
tells us everything we need to know
doesn't it that she's using
parliamentary privilege to make that
statement do you think many people I
understand your point here do you think
many people though will take that point
of view will will it not be enough for
people to hear the British prime
minister say our intelligence services
say that it was the Russian intelligence
services therefore that's enough the
Russians did it quite right and then
that's what to reason Mae wants to
happen she wants people to believe that
there's an open-and-shut case that this
was organized and planned by the Russian
government she's promoting a very anti
Russian agenda she's gone way beyond
what the police
and that's why I think it's
irresponsible Virgil done that and as I
said she should say this outside of
Parliament if you really believe it's
true
say it outside but all that's happening
now is that this cold war has got
incredibly cold and this morning because
of this and he's not the police but the
police authorities that the the press
conference was very forensic the police
officer in charge of the investigation
as I said said that there's these two
suspects here are the photographs of
them we want these people for further
questioning does anybody remember seeing
them fair enough and he said that the
CPS has got a strong enough case to
bring a prosecution against them that's
one thing what Theresa Mays done is one
thing altogether different what she's
actually gone is way beyond that and
she's made an allegation that this was
the organization it is organized by the
Russian government and particular
radomir Putin so I think that this is a
very serious state of affairs that we're
now in because of what Theresa May said
a thing that I found interesting is that
the arguments arguments she was putting
forward pretty much the same ones she
was putting forward a few months ago and
these are arguments that many people
have counted since say for example
Russia was only the only country with
the technical means well we know but
that isn't the case to distribute navi
charge she said that they were the only
ones with the operational know-how well
I've heard plenty of times that being
argued against and thirdly Russia was
the only country with the motive but
when today she was asked well what would
have been the motive she said well it's
not for me to describe the Russian
motive yes wasn't that interesting
wasn't it when the MP asked her actually
why would Russia want to do this
particularly at their time when the
world covered was just about to start a
few months later Russia was hosting the
World Cup for the first time ever why
would the Russian state organized and
planned this operation in England just
three months before the World Cup
started it doesn't make sense at all but
when she was asked that Theresa May was
deeply unconvincing she couldn't give an
answer could she all she said was it's
up to the Russians to tell us this and
so I think we're back to square one
really we haven't had anything new added
from Theresa May if she's got this
evidence if the security services have
got this evidence that the Russian state
organized it and that these two men were
working for the Russian state then
please
it let's have it in the papers let's
have it press conference let's produce
it it's not enough just as cover in
Parliament and say look believe me trust
me I've seen the intelligence this was
the Russian state we were back there
it's all going back Andrew isn't it -
2003 in Iraqi WMDs when Tony Blair stood
up and said look believe me we've seen
the intelligence Iraq saw WMDs end of
story
but it wasn't it was false information
it's and until we see this evidence that
the Russian state was behind this and
these two men are actually working for
the Russian state then we've got to be
very skeptical haven't we yes is it
curious that there wasn't that sort of
level of skepticism in Parliament today
I didn't see her get grilled much over
what she was saying yeah
it's very very sad isn't it there's only
probably a small group of MPs 20 or 30
who have the courage to actually ask the
right questions today it's sort of
everybody's singing from the same
anti-russian hymn sheet aren't they
coming out with these statements what
we're going to do about Russia what I'm
going to do and get the police as I said
the police haven't said that there's
evidence to link the Russian state it's
all they are saying is here are two guys
who they believe came to Salisbury from
Russia they went to London and hotel and
there's a lot of elements to the story
really that we need more questioning on
Rick's arm about the hotel do you
remember that we were told these men
stayed in a hotel in BO in London and
that the police on the 5th of May I
think it was of a 4th of May actually
found traces of not a talk in the hotel
room well Teresa mate was asked about
that anything she was very unconvincing
we were told that Nabokov is a death
East no major known to man and yet he
was a hotel room where people were
staying in from March to May the
cleaners would have cleaned the room
people would have gone in and out of
that room and nobody seems to have been
affected and then Theresa May said oh it
was just very very small section of
nabhi chakra very small percentage or
whatever and so he wouldn't have an
impact but yet we were told that even
the smallest was deadly so that doesn't
add up does it and I think a very good
question was asked by Daniel Sandford I
must say for the BBC when he asked about
what kind of beef does in these two
suspects travel to Britain on but they
cherished these as business visas
diplomatic visas and the police
inspector couldn't are
so that heat I don't know I think that
was quite remarkable why wouldn't they
know was surely in order to get the
men's names or aliases they would have
my aged with the Home Office and they'll
Home Office surely would have been able
to tell them that these guys came to
Britain on a tourist visa or they came
on a business visa and yet the policeman
said he didn't know so there's a number
of issues in that police statement that
really any MP worth the salt should be
asking questions about now he said I'm
just blind these going down this what
how can we strike back against Russia
narrative so where will the case go from
here because I've heard a couple of
arguments we know that these two Russian
suspects won't be extradited in all
probability some people have argued well
they'll be tried in absentia so we will
get a try of some sort others have said
well actually it's just going to be a
trial by media what are your thoughts
here will we get a firm conclusion you
know will it all be just based on what
we've heard over the last three hours no
I don't think we will do it because I
think it's back to the liquid n coke
case again isn't it when there was
allegations charges made against certain
individuals they were not extradited the
man in question wasn't extradited and
with about the same position today I
think the problem is is that Russia is
damned if it doesn't damned if it
doesn't if there were going to be calls
or calls for us to extradite these two
men Russia is going to say can we see
your evidence
the British gonna say no you can't but
just extradite them well of course
Russia can't extradite it under those
circumstances can it and of course what
kind of a fair trial would these two men
get in Britain were they to be
extradited given the hysteria
surrounding it in the anti-russian
exterior could these men actually get a
fair trial so I think what's gonna
happen but now Andrew to answer your
question is that the anti-russian Lobby
in Britain are gonna seize on this the
prime minister's statement today and say
we need to have tougher tougher actions
against Russia there'll be the usual
cause for RT to be taken off air
for more expulsion the question is
where's is all gonna lead is what do
these anti-russian are we really want
what's the end result because I'm
frightened that if you if we carry on
down this path we could be ending up in
a military conflict with Russia it seems
to me there is such a rabid auntie
Russian Lobby in Britain but that they
really won't be satisfied until we get
to that stage so I think it's time to be
calm it's time for people to actually
stay forensic and to challenge what we
put out today forensically and to say
look all we have all we've had really is
police coming forward and saying these
two men we need to speak to them they
are suspects and there is a case for
them to be prosecuted not that they are
definitely guilty but there's certainly
questions to answer but their game there
are questions to answer about what the
police was saying - as I just said about
the hotel about why these men came to
Britain how they came to Britain on a
tourist visa what kind of visa was it so
I think that really the politics
unfortunately is going to dictate what
happens and there is as I said a
neoconservative anti-russian Lobby that
will use any pretext to further punish
Russia and and to will they will use
this as furtherance in furtherance of
their agenda Teresa may sort of ended
hoping that the be solidarity in Europe
with a tougher stance against Russia do
you think that will happen there was
some skepticism initially when the
script power case broke among European
leaders about what action should be
taken Russian involvement do you think
there be similar skepticism this time or
perhaps more solidarity as there Tereza
may was hoping for what's happening
Hungary's base the United States and
Britain are out to sabotage the Nord to
extreme gas pipeline project because
Germany has taught me right of course on
top of all constructing this cheaper
energy for a year ago that was Russia
once sorry America wants you up the
bikes liquefied natural gas so in other
words we're seeing a geopolitical
economic gains being played here and I
no doubt
Teresa may world of naughty Hercules or
her pro supporters MPs will actually be
going to Europe saying look you can't
even talk about having the orchestra to
kind of him talk about gas pipelines
with Russia but a cancel that and
support housing tougher sanctions the
Russian state has
right to murder British citizens and to
try to murder people with the UK
passport in Salisbury in England and
it's absolutely beyond the pale now that
have anything more to do with Russia
economically in regards to gas pipeline
so I think that's that's that's gonna be
the next step okay we'll have to wait
and see won't we Neil Neil always get to
talk to you appreciate your time this
afternoon that was a uk-based journalist
Neil Clark thank you
you
