well former Russian spy Sergei scooter
pal and his daughter were poisoned with
a nerve agent back in March in Solsbury
the incident was immediately blamed on
Russia then and led to an enormous
diplomatic fallout between London and
Moscow
the government has concluded that it is
highly likely that Russia was
responsible for the act against Sergey
and Giulio ascription there can be no
suggestion of business as usual in
relation to our our interaction with
Russia mr. speaker this action has
happened against a backdrop of a
well-established pattern of Russian
state aggression okay well let's dig
deep and then into the issue we're now
joined by Artie's modern gas Devon the
CEO who has investigated the origins of
navi chalk type nerve agents - so let's
talk to him about it I'm Mourad Russia's
dismissed these claims hasn't it that
have been made this afternoon it says it
knows nothing of these two chief
suspects and it's also posed a few
questions itself well the questions that
Russia's posed for many months now
haven't been answered not on this press
conference not by the Met Police the
foreign ministry by no-one and Russia
stands by these questions it says
there's a whole slew of contradictions
here starting with what they said back
in back in April that you know it's not
only Russia that could have made the
Nova choke nerve agents as was insisted
on by the UK government
Norva top nerve agents were developed by
the Soviet Union in the 1980s under a
program code-named fully owned within
the past decade
Russia has produced and stockpiled small
quantities of these agents long after
its signed the Chemical Weapons
Convention and during the 2000s Russia
commenced a program to test means of
delivering nerve agents including by
application to door handles we were
right to say in March that the Russian
state was responsible before that they
said that the newer jobs could only have
come from Russia because implying
they're only Russia makes the Nuba choke
nerve agents to which
Putin himself responded that no there's
a whole host of countries that have
synthesized the nerve agents the Czech
government for example admitted that it
had synthesized that Porton Down the
UK's own chemical laboratory admitted
that it had stockpiles of nova chock so
that you have you have that
contradiction and britain insisting that
it could only have come from russia
russia saying that you know there's a
whole host of countries that could have
made it and there's little agreement in
the matter also a point that came up
today is that people were concerned
about the safety for public in the areas
of souls being Amesbury and perhaps some
leftovers of this nerve agent could
still be there what do the british
police say about that well again we have
contradictory messages even today during
the briefing police said at the same
time that there was a danger and that
there wasn't a danger despite the
meticulous and painstaking searches and
although unlikely it is impossible to
guarantee that there are no other
materials present in the salisbury area
all the experts advise that the evidence
to date does not suggest any long-term
health risk from short-term or one off
contact with low levels of this agent so
if you're a civilian in Salisbury you
might be a little confused you know with
the with messages like this
the issue with Nova chocks is there's so
many different types of Nova chocks and
they come in so many different forms in
powder and gel vapour in
as a solid so it all depends on what
type of nervous shock we're talking
about and how quickly it degrades if
this indeed was a nova Chuck nerve agent
that was used there's really no way of
saying how long it would last because
there's so many factors factors that
factor into this for example whether
it's in a sealed container whether it's
exposed to the air to the elements the
concentration the exact chemical formula
and it's really difficult to say but
best advice is to be worried okay all
right thanks Murad there wasn't more
agafia there with the latest on the not
be chalked case which has caused all
sorts of accusations to come forward
today from the British government
accusing the Russian government have
been behind that attack Mourad thank you
okay well let's get the thoughts now
Chris Banbury he's the political analyst
and joins us from the UK this afternoon
- Chris you were listening to what was
said this afternoon did you see the
evidence that was put forward is a big
game changer I well I think first of all
we have to say that the pressure in the
House of Commons for everyone to rally
behind to reason me was utterly
incredible Jeremy Corbyn the Weibull
reader
asked the number of questions about what
were the British government had
approached and asked the Russian
government its cooperation for and just
simply for that he was attacked not just
once but twice three went many times for
not being strong enough in support of
Theresa May so the atmosphere in the
House of Commons was one where really
everyone was expected to rally around
the gun British government stand on this
and anyone who didn't just don't listen
to Rick Corbin condemn the attack he
said the Russian attacked the Russian
government not cooperating this wasn't
enough so the first thing I asked we
said the real pressure to rally round
secondly I think in terms of the popular
mood there is a lot of cynicism about
this attack someone I spoke to is not
political said how long do you think it
would take to find two Russians who came
through London Airport Gatwick in this
case on visas with Russian passports and
a particular time sort how long would it
take
identify these six months 24 hours we
think today four hours at most
why six months it seemed a long time to
identify IDs that these are two people
and there is no conclusive evidence yet
that this is being carried out by the
writer by Russian state forces yet
repeatedly that was the blame with
implication more sanctions have been the
offing that Britain would be asking its
Western Allies to impose those sanctions
on on Russia and I think there is as I
say a lot of cynicism people feel that
we haven't had enough suddenly after six
months we were told this is how in the
poison came into the country and a
perfume bottle why could we not been
told that before why wasn't that put out
in a work and to stop these two people
picking up a perfume bottle with the
poison in it one of them dying as a
consequence why are we not being told
why have we not been told the full
extent of what the danger might be in
Salisbury and that's still not been
resolved the poor people they are still
suffering so as I said I think there's a
lot of questioning a lot of suspicion
about this in Britain but at the same
time this tremendous cry from the House
of Commons that we have to rally around
the flag and the British government in
relation to all this well where does
that pressure come from Chris because
given his stream you know what we know
about the Iraq war - you would think
people there would be keen to press the
Prime Minister okay you're coming
forward with this evidence from the
intelligence services but what more can
you tell us how can we be sure well as I
said I think what they've done is
they've fully involved all the political
parties in briefings in the last 24
hours from the security services etc but
I think there is a tremendous pressure
this is now being portrayed as you know
right the Russian state enemy state up
against the UK a threat to us all and
that everyone has to understand our
patriotic duty is to rally by in the UK
state in relation to Russia and of
course that pressure for most
politicians are going to fall into line
most members of parliament are going to
fall into line most of the media here is
going to fall in the line but I think
what you're right - it would - is given
Britain's own performance in Iraq and
elsewhere and the fact that it's known
to have chemical
weapons the double standards of britain
in this there is a lot of suspicion
about what where Britain stands and I
wasn't a lot of these matters stemming
from all that so I don't think that the
British government has got rid of all
the suspicions for those who just simply
want to follow the flag except what the
media says yes this will be sufficient
for those who have a more critical mind
and as you say recall Britain's
escapades in Iraq and elsewhere around
the world recall the fact it does have
its own chemical weapons I think there
is a lot of cynicism a lot of doubt
concerning this where do you think this
case will move from here because I
suppose if you wanted a a criminal trial
you'd have to extradite these two chief
suspects which is unlikely to happen so
how do you see this whole thing playing
out and perhaps reaching any conclusion
well it's unlikely to happen they don't
know who the two people are the real
names it's very unlikely either of these
two are going to come for a holiday in
the European Union and therefore be
arrested and tried I also don't
understand what the question of
cooperation with Russia is Russia has
said they will cooperate under the terms
of the organization for a prohibition of
atomic of chemical weapons it's me it's
has said that it's asked for evidence
it's asked to be briefed on what is
happening here that seems to mean refuse
what we're then told is is that Russia
is not cooperating well I mean again in
my opinion jewelry is out of that what
has been the response to of the British
Prime Minister British Foreign Office to
Russian requests for cooperation by
Moscow we haven't had that yet so I
don't see this ever being resolved and
to me what is that Theresa made today
said is that as far as the British
government and the British state is
concerned this is the final settlement
of that matter those two people are
Russian agents although that's not
proved Russian state agents these two
people are responsible Russia is the the
criminal state here that said carried
out its attack end of matter and I think
that is no the British government's
position and it will be calling on the
Americans and European governments to
retaliate with further sanctions I
suspect against Russia
you
