hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
from Syria to the European Union from
Iran to Turkey and North Korea what kind
of world order is the Trump
administration striving to create is
there a method to all this madness
clearly the old world order is under
threat and intensifying what will
replace it
crosstalking Trump's trajectory I'm
joined by my guest
Joshua Landis and Norman he's the
director of the center of Middle East
Studies at the University of Oklahoma in
London we have abdel bari Ocwen he is an
expert on political islam an author of
Islamic state the digital Caliphate and
in Oxford we cross to mark Ullman he is
the director of the crisis Research
Institute all right gentlemen crosstalk
rolls in effect that means you can jump
in any time you want and I always
appreciate Joshua let me go to you first
here and refresh your memory of two
pieces of news that have come out first
they a tweet from the President of the
United States regarding it live in Syria
the Russians and the Iranians will be
making a grave humanitarian mistake to
take part in this potential human
tragedy went on to say hundreds of
thousands of people could be killed and
then we have through the good services
of David and Ignatius over at the
Washington Post he talked to a
high-level administration official I
tend to think the first initial of the
last name is B I'll let you guys guess
he said to the Washington Post right now
our job is to create Quagmire's until we
get what we want in Syria Joshua it
seems to me that the the u.s. is really
forcing an issue here we have the United
Nations coming out of the 70 or so bucco
so-called rebels or fighters or whatever
you want to say in it live up to 10,000
or more are directly identified as
al-qaeda or something like that so what
in the world is Donald Trump talking
about go ahead Joshua well if we look at
the real words that Donald Trump used in
his tweet it's very ambiguous he says
there could be hundreds of thousands
killed and you shouldn't do that so in
other words if you killed less than
hundreds of thousands perhaps America
would overlook it it's it's ambiguous
talk it's not clear that this isn't part
of a war of words but we saw in debt ah
the last province that was overrun by
Syrian government that Syrian government
retook from rebels the United States had
threatened that was very serious
consequences and it did nothing so it's
not clear to me but what is clear is
that the United States does seek to
create a quagmire in Syria and that has
been the plan to stay there in a long
distance which is to deny the Syrian
government
the oil wealth that's in the north of
the country agriculture water those the
three main things the United States can
deny Damascus and Russia and rerun in
rebuilding Syria by remaining there and
and keeping inlet province of course is
another thing to destabilize Syria until
regime change theoretically which is
what the United States has recommitted
itself to you know let me go to you in
London I I agree with what Joshua said
but there's a slight difference here in
the tweet it mentioned Russia and Iran
which is also a be a signal being sent
to them of course both Russia and Iran
have been legally invited to help
protect the sovereignty or retake the
sovereignty of Syria Italy so these look
like fighting words here I do think we
all remember when the catastrophic
humanitarian crisis of the Damascus
government retaking Aleppo remember all
that and then well they all kind of
forgot it but it's the same rhetoric all
over again
go ahead in London I believe this
demonization of you know Iran and Russia
is deliberately used by President Trump
in order to mobilize people behind
himself and behind his future plan may
be to indulge in a confrontation with
Russia and the Syrian army on
adlib in particular you know I'm really
shocked with this tweet because what is
the alternative you know President Tramp
never said okay you know they will be a
hundred thousand will be killed we
haven't seen these kind of numbers when
the Russian the Syrian army liberated
there are or liberated east of Aleppo so
but what is his alternative to leave
Aleppo to live sorry to leave a blip and
that the grips of terrorist organization
there there are tens of thousands of
them there and the armed they are armed
to the teeth so what is his alternative
what is the alternative for the Russian
government before the Syrian government
to leave
as a you know hot list for terrorist
organization that we had imprisoned
tramp
saying a lot of times that we want to
root out terrorists from Syria this is
the main object of the American
intervention there why he changed his
mind
yeah well that you know let me go to
mark here I mean it's all over social
media comparing Donald Trump's tweets
from tooth before he was president and
today when it comes to Syria and it is
obviously a flip-flop here the the the
point is here mark is that the Syrian
government has made it very clear that
it is going to liberate these areas and
it has been slowly but surely doing it
and with success here that's what the
United States and its allies don't want
they don't want a success they want
don't want stability and as the source
that the Washington Post talked to just
keep making a Quagmire's whose interests
who in whose interests are Quagmire's in
your opinion go ahead mark well I think
people often think something's in there
interesting it turns out to be wrong
yeah it seems to me that in practice by
sustaining the insurrection in Syria
against Assad United States allies the
Gulf states and so on actually who've
drawn in what they fear they drew in
Hezbollah then Iran and Russia and in
fact since the western states are not
prepared to confront directly the
military power that is now deployed in
Syria what they are what they do is in
bringing about what they fear that is
the creation if you like of a advanced
guard of the Iranian Islamic Republic to
the west and for that matter of
reassertion of Russian influence in the
Middle East let's look at the role for
instance of Israel Israeli Prime
Minister unlike West European or
European Union leaders of government has
been quite happy to visit Moscow and to
talk to Putin on a regular basis because
he's recognizing the realities on the
ground and trying to find our solution
which is in his interest in Israel's
interest as he sees them but also
recognizing that in many ways the
promotion of the rebellion against Assad
has backfired and risks backfiring badly
for Israel because of the drawing in of
Iran ok Joshua I mean it's this is where
I always go back to I'm my default
position when it comes to sue
unfortunately is Iran because you can
see that during the campaign Trump's
campaign and afterwards he had a great
sense of ambivalence when it comes to
Syria
yes he's bombed it twice under false
pretenses at least that's what the
public the there's no evidence of the
the real reason these chemical attacks
but it seems to me with creating
Quagmire's and exactly what Mark just
said there is that it's really trying
it's putting into focus and targeting
Iran because and it's doing it at the
behest of Israel mostly probably Saudi
Arabia's well go ahead Joshua well this
is absolutely true and I think what Mark
said was was right you should be careful
what you wish for in a situation like
this because turning Syria into a
quagmire is terrible for the neighbors
we see Iraq with widespread protests now
sanctions on Iran and Syria has fallen
into a state of complete anarchy almost
complete anarchy if the rebels had taken
over of which there were hundreds of
rebel militias many of which were linked
to al-qaeda or other jihadist groups and
we're destined to take over and be and
we're the strongest groups the United
States is turning the Middle East into a
quagmire for the world and we're seeing
this outpouring of refugees that are
that are that are going to Italy going
to various places in Europe and causing
all kinds of damage and Middle
Easterners getting angrier and angrier
which feeds the engines of extremists
this is not good for the world it's not
good for the United States and and here
you know that hypocrisy meter I must say
it's the high note because when the
United States attacked Musel the second
largest sadena go and attacked Raqqa the
world passed it to delay its attacks
because there were so many civilians the
United States said no we have to destroy
these terrorists and laid waste to both
cities I think 85% of the housing stock
is now completely destroyed and you know
when Syria tries to do something similar
they raise
hue and cry and say no humanitarian
issues must come first and it is true
it'll it is ends a terrible humanitarian
dilemma but all the more reason why
Russia and the United States have work
together to pinpoint the al Qaeda groups
and destroy them well that's what Russia
has been saying repeatedly all right
repeatedly until let me go to you just
to kind of reflect upon what Joshua just
said you have to remember this is what
we're told in the mainstream media is
that we the United States accidentally
hit hospitals the Russians target them
that is a narrative that is thrown out
there one of the interesting things I
find fascinating here and if I could
just stay with the was Syria but really
focusing on Iran is it really worth it
now November's coming up we see this
whole new sanction regime going against
European companies and in countries for
any kind of trade particularly oil trade
with Iran I mean I mean these economies
in Europe they still have austerity the
US economy looks to be taking off if
there is a crisis and the energy markets
it's all bets off for everybody is it
really worth it go ahead Abdel in London
doesn't worth it at all because if the
American actually administration imposed
an embargo against that Oh a you know
Iranian oil export the Iranian actually
will be provoked you know look what
happened in Gaza for example people
turned to the border there in the border
and there was a huge trouble look at the
situation a senior for example you know
so why we in prison Trump is fond of
sanction after sanction so if the
Iranian block Hormuz Strait for example
if they blocked the bab-el-mandeb Strait
again and say you know creating a huge
half of tires for the naval trade all
over the world what will happen to the
European economy what will happen to the
American economy and if the American
actually Oh bleep impose these sanctions
against Iran who will fill the vacuum
Russia and China and India so this is
this is the problem yeah I believe
president Trump is dragging the whole
world into the brink
a war a huge economic war that could be
developed to actually all over war this
or a third world war this is the danger
which we are sensing in the Middle East
you know I believe Donald Trump actually
is going to pushing everybody to the
brink of a you know open war so that is
extremely situation it can really be
summed up as the law of unintended
consequences I sometimes I think I need
to read name this program that because
that's the phrase I've been using for
the last ten years gentlemen I'm gonna
jump in here we're gonna go to a short
break and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on Trump's
foreign policy on Syria stay with our
team welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter
Lulabelle to remind you we're discussing
Trump's foreign policy visa vie Syria
okay let me go to mark and I'll kind of
spread this out a little bit here you
know mark went you know it's kind of
look at the trumpian world here I kind
of get what he wants to do with North
Korea a step towards demilitarization
denuclearization is a good step okay and
I see his own administration trying to
slow that process down okay then I look
at you know NATO I mean during before
the election and after election Trump
just doesn't really like NATO I get it I
agree that's a good idea all right
he wants to have good relations with
Russia he's being blocked there as well
and I think he's taken the right
initiative on new trade agreements for
without going to the extent of creating
all-out trade war but I think some
adjustment seemed to me I get all of
those things I don't get his Middle East
policy at all at all but any I mean go
back to his tweets and things like that
he's definitely under the influence of
some people around him cuz all the rest
of it kind of fits into kind of a
trumpian paradigm not the Middle East go
ahead mark well I think there's a danger
of making Trump into the bogeyman
because in fact in many of the areas
were his policies steric alarm around
the world including among his allies
it's actually where he is representing
the consensus inside the Washington
Beltway
it's those areas where he stepped
outside like trying to find a settlement
with North Korea or for that matter he's
reaching out to Putin where he's been
regard he doesn't and as destabilizing
so the question is is Trump a person
with a clear agenda that he's having to
steer through the political system in
Washington through the Congress through
the State Department and the CIA and so
on or is it that he's perhaps a rather
capricious person so that for instance
we see that he showed great concern
about civilian in particular child
casualties in Syria but shows no
interest at all in Yemen for instance
yeah that when his side the Saudis are
doing it it's okay but when it's the
people that he doesn't like then it's
wicked so there's an element where I'm
afraid drawl Trump is a highly
personalized president
and not really an apparatchik of the
system and that makes it rather
difficult Amenti he is the
decision-maker
and we don't know how he will react to
for instance and a government offensive
and he'd Lib which however calculated it
maybe he's almost certain to call
civilian casualties because there are so
many civilians trapped in the area
controlled by the jihadi rebels we do
know that he has in the past been easily
emoted by being shown pictures and other
evidence of suffering and so there's a
risk that he could therefore decide to
be aggressive and then he's backed in
that by those groups in the American
establishment what I recall the
unilateral establishment we want to
assert us power and influence including
by showing who is military toppdogg that
that could lead to some kind of attack
on Syria that could draw in the Russians
because I entire craft forces and so on
and so there is a there is a risk here
that shouldn't be downplayed it's it's
something which rational people want to
avoid but we have to be careful that
once pride gets involved yet that people
then decide they've got to show who is
Tom Yam that was August 1914 for sure
Joshua there seems to been in Trump
seems to have outsourced a lot of policy
to the Israelis and the Saudis
I mean unilaterally moving the embassy
to Jerusalem now
just pretending that Palestinians don't
even exist they're not refugees anymore
just crossing them off I mean is this is
this a concerted policy part of the
grand peace a process that we're gonna
probably all learn about in a few weeks
time I mean again you know what is the
ultimate primary geostrategic goal of
the United States looking at Syria for
example go ahead well I think it is
driven by domestic politics which is the
underlining thing here during his
campaign President Trump actually made
very logical criticisms of Clinton's and
Obama's policy and the end of George
Bush's policy he said Iraq had turned
into the Harvard of jihadism and that it
was stupid to go in there in 2003 he was
absolutely correct
he said Afghanistan had going on for too
long he was correct
libya was a mess
that regime change was a stupid policy
and and all of those you know turned out
to be correct and I think they really
caught the American public's imagination
and people hoped that he would withdraw
for the Middle East and stop these
stupid Wars as he said the trouble is
that once he got into office the
machinery of washed and kicks in and he
begins to have to play the PlayBook and
he believed I think that by following
the money and following our friends
Israel Saudi Arabia that he would be
making smart policy for the Middle East
but in fact he fell into the same
pattern that George Bush and others had
fallen into making stupid decisions
staying in there trying to overthrow
Iran's government trying to push for
change in Syria you know going along
with Saudi Arabia in Yemen all of these
things have turned out to be bad moves
and in a sense he thought it could make
a deal with Saudi Arabia Israel
I'll give Israel Jerusalem and and
Israel will support Saudi Arabia against
Saturday will support Israel against
Iran and we can get Israel and Saturday
but to work together with the United
States
and clear up all these problems and so I
think just began throwing candy at
Israel and throwing candy at Sandy
Arabia and taking on the Iran deal and
he thought that would be good for
business and it probably has been good
for American well it's great for the for
the arms producers there's no doubt
about that
abdel let me go back to you in london I
forgot to mention the Arendt a the Iran
nuclear deal and I think in history will
show that withdrawing from it was world
historic leap mistaken
why because any kind of deal under any
circumstances even through surrogates
through Israel and Saudi Arabia which I
I think it's quite mindless to think
that those two countries are gonna be
able to remake the Middle East I mean
they're the last two in my in my mind
but you know why why would anyone trust
a broker deal by this administration I
mean it it's really hard to comprehend
why anyone would want to sign a piece of
paper with it with a an administration
that walked away from an international
agreement
that was actually working go ahead in
London I'm really surprised there by you
know how American president the
president of the free world who
negotiated or his country negotiated
with another five superpower in order to
reach this nuclear deal with Iran which
actually put an you know a halt to a
nuclear race in the Middle East and
created a lot of stability in that part
of the world so suddenly he said I don't
respect my signature I want to pull out
from this deal and starting actually
mobilizing Saudi Arabia and Israel for a
war against Iran to topple the regime
there to change the regime and you know
to rely on the two most unpopular
regimes in the Middle East which indulge
in war Saudi Arabia indulge in a war in
Yemen Israel indulge in a war in Gaza
and maybe south Lebanon suit and when
the em directly in Syria so I don't know
why he is actually siding with the war
mongering countries in that part of the
world and when he criticized Obama for
example I believe Obama administration
was extremely wise they want to pull out
their troops from Afghanistan they
pulled out their troops from Iraq they
tried to reach a deal with Iran in order
to avoid a war here we are with a
president who actually war mongering and
listening to the people who are
extremely unpopular and they would like
actually to take revenge take revenge
from Iran take revenge from Syria take
revenge from Iraq we don't know honestly
and when we talk about the ten of
thousands of people I don't know the
president ramp has forgotten completely
that America killed more than a million
people in Iraq a million people another
minion under the sanction which lasted
twelve years and we don't know until now
how many people how many civilians were
killed in Libya for example how many
civilians were killed in Mosul when the
American bombed it how many civilians
were killed in Mecca when the American
f-16 bonded
is the problem we have to raise our
voice and to say thank you for that the
privacy and the interesting thing enough
Wars and enough stupid Wars yeah I think
that was Obama's phrase mark I mean the
thing is is that it's you know trying to
explain this to me speak slow so I can
understand it you know it when dealing
with Syria it's not Saudi Arabia that's
gonna involve itself militarily
it's not gonna be Israel obviously even
though they snipe at infrastructure and
they try to blame it all on me and the
Iranians it's gonna be the Americans
that always do it and the Americans are
the ones that least benefit from it from
every single dimension you could
possibly imagine
but they still do it go ahead mark yeah
well I think this is where we have to
say that I think it's was wrong to the
American public opinion and I think also
opinion in the American military from
the odd US service person I've been
talking to recently is very hostile to
getting drawn into a real war either in
Syria or certainly with Iran there's a
recognition that that would be a serious
conflict so far
Trump has basically waged our walls
using bombers and drone strikes but a
war with Iran would require ground
forces we can see the Saudi army cannot
defeat the Houthi rebels ragtag rebels
the idea that it could defeat the
Iranian army and also many of the Shiite
militias who would join it is therefore
highly improbable so as you say if
there's going to be a war of that sort
with Iran it's going to draw in the
American ground forces and that will be
deeply unpopular yes there might be a
surge of patriotism at the beginning if
it could be presented that the Iranians
are attacking but I suspect it could
wreck that not only the whole trumpian
project but also pulls deep divisions in
u.s. society because of the sense that
Americans are dying for causes which not
only somebody else's but are
incomprehensible yeah and get given the
track where you I'm gonna give the last
minute to Joshua Joshua going back to
the Trump in the art of the deal is this
all this saber rattling a bluff is it
part of his game plan because if it is
it's a really risky game people don't
take it as a
always when you have Hugh a huge Armada
in the in the Mediterranean and you've
already had hundreds of thousands of
death in Syria this is real is it it's
not a bluff go ahead Joshua you know I
hate to differ with you Peter but I
think that it is a bit of a bluff on it
Lib I don't think the United States the
United States believes that it's a win
win for it if Syria goes in and kills
all these al Qaeda guys and jihadists
America will be grateful they don't want
the big humanitarian crisis so they can
decry it in advance then if it happens
they'll say we stood on the side of
angels but for America in a sense this
is turning syria into a quagmire yeah
Russia for Iran for its enemies and in
America seems to think that that's smart
policy in the end it's gonna come back
and bite and I agree with you completely
on that gentlemen we've run out of time
many thanks to my guest a Norman Oxford
and in London and thanks to our viewers
for watching us here at RT see you next
time and remember Rostock rules
