the man suspected of being behind a
knife attack in the Dutch capital on
Friday says he was motivated by
perceived insults against Islam in the
country authorities add a clear
terrorist motive to the incident has
been established the man is of the
opinion that in the Netherlands the
Prophet Mohammed the Koran Islam and
Allah have often been insulted from his
statements it is clear that the man had
terrorist motives which were his reason
for coming to the country well police
say that the 19 year old came from
Afghanistan he claimed asylum in Germany
but was rejected the suspect traveled to
Amsterdam and two tourists were
seriously wounded in his attack at a
busy train station under interrogation
the suspect also mentioned the name of
right-wing lawmaker good fielders
terrorists hate our way of life and our
freedoms they answer Islam criticism
with violence like this Jared s almost
every week this kind of gruesome
stabbing takes place against innocent
people throughout Europe well builders
had proposed plans to hold a cartoon
competition to caricature the Prophet
Mohammed the initiative though drew
widespread anger within the Muslim
Muslim community as such depictions are
considered blasphemous in Islam it
canceled the contest on the day before
the attack citing a security risk for
the participants so let's get more
reaction now from tinder beerus he's a
dutch opinion and Policy Research X
person he's with us now and you're very
welcome Tim thanks for coming on
nobody condone attack that I'm sure that
was that took place just before the
weekend but where's where does the
sympathy lie do you think in in Holland
or in the Netherlands at the moment with
regards to this story is the much
sympathy for the suspect himself and he
claims that the the insults that have
been directed at Islam in the country
well before started say that the
majority of the Dutch people does really
support freedom of speech and also
freedom of doing such a thing as as
making a portrait of the Prophet
Mohammed but on the other hand there's
also
a counter of a stream really opposing
this this sort of provocation well there
has been some polls saying that that's
well in this country one should be able
to do everything that one wants to do
but on the other hand when it goes a
little bit too far and people get
insulted you shouldn't do that so of
course everybody is against this vicious
attack but on the other hand this
initiative by mr. world√≠s is definitely
not supported by a strong majority of
the Dutch people mmm on a general point
the suspect said that Islam has become
an easy target for attack in the
Netherlands does he have a point you
think well I'd already think so of
course like in so many other Western
European countries and in the US aid the
debate is going on for quite some time
about freedom of speech especially with
regard to the Islam but I would say that
people are reaching more more and more
compromise and it's not like for example
in Denmark with the Danish cartoon maker
stuff like that we have had several
incidents before with cartoon contests
and recently things have been a little
bit less heated so so this is this comes
sort of as a surprise on the other hand
I would say that's the majority the vast
majority of the Dutch people they
definitely expected an attack like this
to happen once what once again so in a
way I think the majority of the Dutch
people think they're very lucky that's
only two people wounded I mean it could
have been a lot worse and this history
being regarded as perhaps a way with
individual carrying out this vicious
attack or has it opened up a wider
debate perhaps about immigration to
debate was there for a long time one
should really remember that well in
Germany in France there have been plenty
of attacks and during the last couple of
years
in 2004 I mean the the the the writer
and opinion maker T of um GOG he got
slaughtered by a Muslim fundamentalist
and that really really shocked a lot of
people and an after since there has been
a strong debate about freedom of speech
and especially with regard to the Islam
in the Netherlands so anybody everybody
just sort of expected an attack like
this to happen again
but it has been quite calm for well over
14 years in a way and the Dutch Secret
Service intelligence service they have
been quite successful with preventing
two foreign attack like this to happen
again
you
