US sanctions against Venezuela of
intensified under the Trump
administration and these sanctions have
not just weakened the country's economy
but they've also deprived millions of
viewpoints questioning US policies
abroad as a result of US sanctions
against Venezuela shows like the Empire
files with abby martin the show that's
released more than a hundred
documentaries interviews and
on-the-ground expose has been forced to
shut down production completely we're
joined by journalist abby martin to get
the complete story abby talk about the
latest sanctions against venezuelan why
your show has been shut down as a result
I got a wonder you know is there more to
this story I can't help but think there
is what's your take
yeah so just some quick background I
mean even though the Bush administration
was instrumental in that coup against
Hugo Chavez in 2002 where they kidnapped
him and shut down Telus or sanctions
weren't actually implemented against
Venezuela until the Obama administration
in 2015
oddly enough a country with the largest
oil reserves in the world was randomly
declared a unique national security
threat from Obama but Telesur was still
able to function under those sanctions
it wasn't until the Trump administration
which really really narrowed its focused
on rein stalling hegemony in the region
of Latin America that kind of got out of
control during the bush and subsequently
Obama administration that he really
implemented draconian sanctions and he
kept escalating these sanctions path
until the latest round completely cease
tell us ORS ability to function and this
was right after the democratic
reelection of Maduro in this landslide
victory and the u.s. penalized the
Venezuelan people for the punishment of
voting and electing the wrong candidate
according to the US so what those
sanctions have done is exactly as they
are intended to do they hurt the most
vulnerable and poor people of any
designated country and so what we're
seeing in Venezuela is of course the
poorest of the people are not able to
get food and medicine access and of
course that reason is used to exacerbate
even more sanctions but unfortunately
one giant collateral damage of the
latest round of sanctions is to
completely cease all operations of Telus
or so all contract journalists for the
last six months have been unable to
receive
funds all around the world and even
though Telesur is funded by actually
five Latin American countries all of
those countries ability to transfer
funds in and out through Caracas have
also been completely halted PAP's so
we're left kind of wondering what's next
here and and if this if this is some
sort of larger operation I'm going along
with the whole online censorship
coordination with these tech giants and
the US government here so many foreign
organizations simply trying to tell
stories that corporate media in the
United States can't tell they can't tell
the stories because their advertisers
forbid them from doing that you got a
guy like Andy lack who I call Andy
Lackey up there for example with NBC
whenever an advertiser calls in and says
you know what we really don't like that
story you said you told about the
government we don't like that story you
said about you that you told about this
manufacturer this corporate entity or
Wall Street and ELAC and Phil Griffin as
you know are the first ones to shut the
story down that's not just MSNBC it's
CNN at ABC CBS you name it all of a
sudden we have other alternatives that
people can go to and hear stories like
you told there's got to be some
connection here I mean I would hope that
there would that we could better
understand what's actually going on in
that regard there's a reason why people
like you people like me are work for
outlets like RT like Telus or because
there's very little places virtually no
places obviously in the corporate media
apparatus that you can tell the truth to
challenge corporate tyranny and this
u.s. and perilous narrative of constant
regime change all around the world we're
told who are enemies in our and our
allies are a cartoonishly by the
corporate media so that's why I'm with
Telus or I'm very proud to be with Telus
or and tell us or was actually created
as a joint project between oh gosh
Chavez and Fidel Castro to challenge
that corporate media hegemony that was
basically confronting their countries
and trying to install regime change in
them over a decade ago and Telesur has
actually been a constant source of
attacks and threats from the US backed
opposition in Venezuela
over the last decade plus there was even
a coup plot that involved bombing the
headquarters of Telesur back in 2015
that was foiled so yes I think that you
know days after this assassination
attempt of Maduro that was actually
turned out to be linked to Miami and
Bogota
evidently days after that you saw
Venezuela analysis which is an
independent alternative outlet that has
nothing to do with the state being shut
down by Facebook arbitrarily you saw
Telus or being shut down by Facebook
arbitrarily reinstated later but for
bizarre ambiguous reasons and this is
after the sensitive content bans the age
restrictions already on Telus Orr's
videos and our videos so Papp I think
that this is part and parcel with this
larger operation of these tech giants
working hand in glove with CIA stack
think tanks like the Atlantic Council
that are literally curating our reality
and trying to paint anything that
challenges this this establishment
narrative as conspiracy theories as
disinformation as Russian trolls the
methodology is a black box algorithm
that we can't actually determine what is
actually going on how are these people
determining what can be back paged on
Google why these algorithms restrict
leftist content so it's a very dangerous
and slippery slope that we're on and I
just think it's time that you know we
take a step back and actually fund the
journalists that we want to see and want
to support unfortunately that's the
state that we're in with as abysmal
media consolidation in the u.s. well I
got to tell you happy before you get
back before Empire files starts back and
I know it will please spend a lot of
time with me on this show so we can talk
about those those stories that you want
to talk about
