the islands nation of Mauritius is
challenging the UK at the United Nations
top court arguing British sovereignty
over a part of its territory is unlawful
the dispute dates back to colonial times
when Britain laid claim to a chain of
islands known as the Chagos archipelago
located in the Indian Ocean Mauritius
was once part of the British Empire as a
semi-autonomous colony the island nation
included diego's garcia island and the
Chagos archipelago but the UK retained
possession of the disputed territory
during decolonization talks in the 1960s
they then leased it to the u.s. for the
construction of a military base
however some 1500 Islanders were
forcibly evicted during the process and
have not been allowed to return the UK
has maintained its claim over the
archipelago stating it does not
recognize Mauritius as legal challenge
however London says it's ready to give
it back when the island is no longer
required for defense purposes but the
lease for the US base there has just
been extended until 2026 Tom Laszlo Guha
from the UK chaego support group
believes London will never return the
island because of its military value the
lease on the base rolls over without
much notice a couple of years ago there
was there was no procedure around it
just rolls over or a further 20 years in
twenty years time it'll roll over again
just as it did it's it's always going to
be needed for defense purposes that's
the thing it's it's an incredible
location from a military perspective
they're not going to give it up that's
the really shocking thing about the case
of the Shakers Islanders really is that
it's a shocking act of colonialism that
really happened only fifty years ago so
it's not ancient history the inhabitants
were there living peacefully on these
islands they were forcibly removed by
two of the world's biggest superpowers
and drops on the ports Mauritius and the
Seychelles was little or absolutely no
support so there's very little in
question I think it was morally it was
it's morally questionable then it's
still morally questionable now it was
legally questionable then and it's still
being challenged in the courts now
you
