when hunting for a daycare center for
your children what tops your list great
teaching good care nice atmosphere
well how about hardly any migrants one
kindergarten in the wealthy town of
Hamburg promoted just that leaving some
parents mortified in a promotional
brochure they highlighted the following
of the families with a migrant
background only a few take our care
they've since deleted the sentence we've
deleted one sentence that accurately
describes the fact that there are only a
few families with a migration background
at the kindergarten few families does
not mean no families at all the
kindergarten also insisted it stands for
inclusion and as equally open to
children of German origin and families
with migration backgrounds but that's
not the kindergartens only statements
that drew criticism it adds that the
financial situation of parents living in
the kindergartens area is excellent a
large number of parents pursue
self-employed activity such as lawyers
doctors organizational consultants
brokers business owners the backlash was
quick to follow yeah enough money can do
as much stay decadent until you have
them let the stupid plebs mingle with
you these are the Nazis in the guise of
clean pure Democrats Pembrokeshire lead
in mosques itself with an immigrant free
daycare center in the villa neighborhood
as social elites we decided to see what
Germans think about the issue as a
murder I would not accept it I mean you
should and you could use other ways to
attract people it's the wrong thing to
do because if you don't know each other
you can't work and live together you can
only understand each other when you grow
up together from the your list moment
people will have international careers
meet people from all over the world so I
think it's
really important that already young
people get to know different cultures
different ways of living and so on
although parents favor a multicultural
society when it comes to where to send
their children they start paying
attention to the proportion of native
Nationals in the schools and so forth so
there might be discrepancy between what
they say or do our daughter was in a
kindergarten for Spanish in Germans and
so there were a lot of nations Latino
nations and then Germans together and
they spoke to the Spanish and German in
that kindergarten so she learn both
languages in kindergarten already
everyone wants the best for their
children but whether the best means
having non migrant classmates and
whether schools should be bragging about
this issue is another matter
all-together commish's happy
arty berlin
you
