new polls suggest that brexit could
potentially jeopardize the future unity
of the United Kingdom the survey
released on Sunday indicates that if
Britain leaves the EU as planned in
March 2019 47 % of Scots would be in
favour of Independence with 43 against
the poll that I think is most
interesting today is the one that shows
that as people look at the prospect of a
hard perhaps No Deal brexit than a
majority of people in Scotland are
actually saying they would choose the
alternative of Independence news of the
surge in support for independence should
there be a second referendum comes after
a period of stability which saw support
for Scottish secession hover around 44%
in 2014 a referendum on the issue was
held with 55% voting against calls for
another referendum began after the UK
chose to leave the EU in 2016
Scotland is strongly pro-eu and an
overwhelming 62% of Scots voted against
grexit the SNP a Europe spokesman
Stephane Geffen's welcomed the survey
and claimed that support for
independence was now pulling at historic
highs
this comes at a time when UK Prime
Minister Teresa Mays brexit strategy is
drawing criticism from all sides and
fear of a No Deal breakfast it is
growing the British government however
has said that the question of Scotland's
future was settled in 2014 with voters
not wishing to revisit it james Dornan
from the Scottish National Party thinks
the discontent of her Westminster's
politics could grow the people of
Scotland voted to the mean and we have
to always remember that the forefront of
our mind the people of Scotland voted to
the main in the European Union and I
think that the way that our views have
been discarded by Westminster their
arrogance is coming out of the
Westminster Government and on the mana
stars as quite shocking and I think the
people score under seeing that it's not
just a bit Europe as the fact that
Scotland's voice is not being held on
issues of crucial importance the more
that people realize that those that have
driven us here have driven us through a
mix of self-interest and a xenophobia
that as frightening from senior
politicians and the supporters a then I
think that the people of Scotland will
quite clearly see those figures of 47%
grow to over 50% and that's not
including the don't knows who I would
expect to start to come to us as well
you
