police officer who fatally shot an
unarmed black man in Oklahoma in the
u.s. is now teaching officers how to
deal with anti police groups the
initiative sparked protests and a
petition to ban the course how Officer
Betty Shelby came to public attention in
2016 after she was tried for shooting
Terrence Crutcher while on patrol she
was later acquitted of first-degree
manslaughter
she's now launched a course called
surviving the aftermath of a critical
incident and it's four officers accused
of shooting an unarmed suspect now a
warning that the video are about to show
does contain disturbing images now in
Shelby's case as she was among several
officers who confronted Terrence crusher
when they discovered his broken-down car
in the middle of a road
she says that crusher failed to respond
to her requests to raise his hands one
officer used a Taser while Shelby shot
crusher hitting him in the lung she
claims that in the months following that
incident she received death threats and
was victimized by anti police groups
this inspired her to help others through
similar situations but Taryn scratches
sister thinks that the course only
teaches police how to get away with
murder
the sheriff in the leadership of Tulsa
should really be ashamed of themselves
to allow the officer who killed my
brother who had his hands in the air who
didn't have a weapon he was unarmed to
have this officer teach other law
enforcement officers after such a
controversial verdict we feel again that
she got away with murder and we feel
that the title was how to get away with
murder and it's wrong law enforcement
should focus on our classes that prevent
what's going on all over the United
States of America and that's the killing
of unarmed black men so de-escalating or
de-escalation course courses are
necessary you don't need a class on how
to survive the aftermath you're sworn to
serve and protect us you're sworn to
remain calm you're sworn to make sure
that you treat everybody equal under the
color of law despite the protests the
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office did not
cancel the class they said it was not
related to the shooting itself but
rather to the potential consequences
arising from
any similar incidents here's why officer
Shelby thinks the course is necessary I
faced many challenges that I was
unprepared for such as threats to my
life by activist groups - loss of pay my
class is to help others by sharing some
of the skills I used to cope with the
stress of my critical incident for
officer Shelby to play the victim and
say that she's being bullied and
tormented by the media and activist
groups groups who are simply voicing
their concern groups who are fighting
for justice for the killing of armed men
by law enforcement groups who have
experienced loss and pain and for her to
turn this around and make this about
herself when my family is grieving when
Terrance's children will never have
their father around
it's antithetical to the oath that she
took as a police officer police in
Oklahoma have attracted negative
headlines before
statistics show that African Americans
can be up to five times more likely to
be subjected to forceful policing than
any other ethnic minority Marc Lewis
who's the founder of the activist
platform of We the People Oklahoma says
officers racially profile African
Americans claims the police deny this is
a smack in the face of the African
American community here in Tulsa why is
it that they are parading a person
around the state and saying that she is
their hero this is what they're doing
while we have to deal with the aftermath
of her killing an unarmed African
American male there is a huge outcry
because she had no regard of his life
and not only did she do shoot and kill
him she also did not administer a lot
did administer care but also she looked
upon him
and someone within the helicopter had
also had implicit bias and said he looks
like a bad dude
they had already had implicit bias
already towards Terrence Crutcher
Terrence crutching did not stand a
chance against Tulsa Police Department
that day
you
