WikiLeaks which is usually credited with
exposing conspiracy theories has found
itself at the center of what it seems an
associative editor Julian Assange has
gone missing our unit campus oozes
cybersecurity expert was last seen in
Norway a fortnight ago probably boy care
picks up the story
iein campus he's a close associate of
Julian Assange who is of course the
founder of WikiLeaks he's also a
cybersecurity expert and he's been
missing since the 20th of August
initially it was a friend of his who
raised concerns and now WikiLeaks is
sounding the alarm over this as well in
a tweet WikiLeaks have said that canvas
had a ticket for a flight that was
departing on the 22nd of August from a
Norwegian town called Trondheim which is
over 700 kilometers south of bodo which
is the Norwegian town where he was last
seen leaving his hotel on the 20th of
August so they've highlighted that the
train journey between the two towns Bodo
and Trondheim takes around 10 hours
which means that he disappeared they
think potentially in Trudeau intron time
or on that train Norwegian police have
confirmed that they've opened an
investigation and they've told reporters
that they've got no clue as to his
whereabouts but they've also released a
statement saying that they won't
speculate about his whereabouts or about
what may have happened to him a bit of
background on Iron himself he's a Dutch
citizen as I said close associate of
Julian Assange a website that's been set
up about him says that he's also an avid
hiker some people are saying maybe
that's got something to do with his
disappearance he offered a book on
investigative journalism and he did a
lot of work as a cyber security expert
in fact take a look at him talking to RT
as a cyber security expert last year
that is entirely possible that they just
want to show to be a loyal company to
the US government as we've seen in the
past word for instance when PayPal shut
down transactions for WikiLeaks but kept
the lines open for the KKK when we kilig
fell in trouble with US government so I
think it is a problem when
we for our sort of political discourse
are dependent on these kinds of
companies that are defects of utilities
global utilities but that are still can
tax like private companies the internet
being the internet a number of twitter
users and WikiLeaks supporters are
highlighting campuses connection to
WikiLeaks which is of course a
whistleblowing organization and putting
forward potential scenarios for what may
have happened to him better referred to
really as wildly speculative theories at
the moment some saying it could be a
possible CIA hit are the people online
saying all this could be a deep
undercover assignment for WikiLeaks
itself others worried that this has been
done to him as a warning to Julian
Assange as I said all pure speculation
at the moment the investigation into
what happened to our young come first
still very much in its early stages at
the moment as for the fate of the
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange he is
still in london's ecuadorian embassy in
fact it's thought that his lawyers are
in talks with Ecuadorian authorities
trying to guarantee his security after
Ecuador's president Lenin Moreno
announced in July that he wants Julian
Assange out of his London embassy
you
