he is an articulate spokesman for those
far left views and he's a charismatic
candidate so we've got to work hard to
make sure that we continue Florida going
in a good direction the last thing we
need to do is to monkey this up by
trying to embrace a socialist agenda
with huge tax increases the last thing
we need to do is to monkey this up let's
talk about that stunning upset in the
Florida Florida gubernatorial race
Florida's Democratic Party has called
those comments disgusting and accused a
Santas of making racist dog whistles
this how white folks talk about it has
zero to do with race Shawn has
everything to do with whether we want
Florida to continue to go in a good
direction there are moments when you
need to apologize and that's what needs
to happen from the congressman
you
you
