job is pretty simple protect Americans
from the might of big business the job
of the Consumer Protection Bureau of the
United States is to make sure that the
products Americans purchase are safe and
to make sure they don't buy into false
advertising so meet the man whose job it
is to protect American consumers from
dangerous products
he was just appointed by the Trump
administration his name Andrew Smith now
Andrew Smith knows quite a bit about
corporations who get dragged into court
for harming the public why does he know
all about it well he's been representing
those corporations for most of his life
as a corporate lawyer in fact the two
most high-profile cases Facebook and
Equifax are both his former clients now
that little fact did not go unnoticed
instead of demanding accountability the
FTC puts equi Fox's hide gun in charge
of the bureau that's supposed to protect
consumers this is corruption plain and
simple he's on the wrong side of these
issues I can't imagine worse choices but
not my name so an activist group calling
itself Public Citizen filed a request
under the Freedom of Information Act to
find out if there were any potential
conflicts of interest in relation to
Andrew Smith consumers deserve a
consumer protection advocate in this
position not a hired gun for corporate
sharks they were provided with documents
over 495 pages on the new consumer
protection chief and potential conflicts
and cronyism associated with him however
almost all of it was blacked out nearly
every page was redacted so no
information was exposed there so no new
evidence about alleged conflicts of
interest that certainly doesn't ease the
doubts this is Andrew Smith in 2018 my
name is Andrew Smith and I'm the
director of the Bureau of consumer
protection at the Federal Trade
Commission we're dedicated to pursuing
law enforcement actions to stop unlawful
practices including fraud against
consumers
but this is Andrew Smith less than a
year ago representing Equifax a company
investigated by the FTC for a massive
data breach my name is Andrew Smith and
I'm a partner in the law firm of
Covington and Burling I'm appearing
today on behalf of the consumer data
Industry Association CDI A's in clued
the three national credit bureaus
Equifax Experian and TransUnion we have
the mr. Smith of 2018 heading the
watchdog that is still probing the
corporation that he defended in 2017 a
clear example of the revolving door
between the federal government and its
trade secrets caleb Maupin RT New York
