nationalist sentiment is written
smoothly on the voyage of change
festival proposals here are predicting
for the upcoming general election the
anti-migrant Sweden Democrats party
looks set to make big gains they define
themselves as social conservative with a
nationalist foundation but the Swedish
media is warning of something more and
so our rival politicians it is a racist
party with Nazi roots that's what I've
always said the Sweden Democrats deny
accusations they are racist and say
their focus is on smart immigration
policy this is like an old all way of
trying to scare people off from voting
for us Sweden is extreme in a European
sense our policies are not extreme are
our politicians are not extreme in
general however one anti racism group
has been doing some digging and found
candidates to the Parliament from the
Sweden Democrats had links to the new
Nazi group the National Socialist front
we had some bad eggs in our party but
just today it was revealed that even you
know the centre party or the Liberal
Party they have people who have killed
people who have sexually assaulted young
females so unfortunately that happens in
every party but because the Swedish
left-wing media hates the Sweden
Democrats they try to you know bring
that up more than for the others critics
of the Sweden Democrats are still
convinced the defining feature is racism
a central point for them the central
goal is to keep Sweden white that's the
idea these people that came from
skinheads Nazi white power organisations
during the night they are now the second
largest party in Sweden yet there are
way more radical voices in Sweden's
far-right camp alternative for Sweden
formed by those expelled from the Sweden
Democrats for being too extreme
let's say that the the Sweden Democrats
they were quite good but they are
getting more and more liberal more and
more politically correct and they are
not the ones to save Sweden today so we
had to create a new party a tougher
party
which is not politically correct a party
which dares to speak out about
repatriation because it's the only
solution to Sweden sweetness problems we
gave the immigrants everything in this
country we have tested everything and
Sweden is today a country in a real mess
alternative for Sweden's chances of
claim in a seat in the parliament are
slim but not as slim as the Nordic
resistance movement basically present
themselves as Hitler's soldiers
what is your opinion on what they were
the number of their supporters hardly
more than two or three thousand
significantly more people a count of
protesting nihlus littering from the
country's Communist Party thinks the
threat posed by Swedish Nazis is very
much exaggerated but that they have a
really good media strategy when
politicians gather in they would go
there and threaten people and make a lot
of noise and being really tough and
dangerous and look really scary and and
the media will write about this but I
mean there are not so many these people
they can be a real threat to individuals
but on a societal level they are just
they are nothing a former Swedish police
officer with African origin was stuff up
and sherry quit his job to help migrants
like himself integrate he's known as a
voice of reason in Sweden and believes
Nazism is getting too much attention it
offered a different explanation for that
maybe sometimes it is easier to focus on
them because look Nazis we know who they
are we have the knowledge and when it
comes to you know murder Islamic more
extreme subjects we don't know so much
so we don't want to say they're the
wrong things or we don't want people to
think that we say the wrong things
despite being shamed as Nazis by the
media and politicians right and
far-right movements are still winning
people over in this one's liberal Nordic
state but these parties are showing they
will confront current migrant policies
head-on
be it for better or worse brief notion
arty
reporting from Sweden
you
