the head of the People's Republic in
Donetsk in Ukraine has been killed in an
explosion at a restaurant with incident
now being investigated as a terror
attack artis Romano Salaf has details
they have to know that the restaurant
itself is located right in the center of
the city of just a few hundred meters
away from the residence of Alexander as
a harsh uncle and this is a place where
a lot of people go with their children
there's a part there are many
restaurants in fact I was there myself
just a couple of days ago I haven't
lunch in one of those restaurants so
it's a very highly populated area now an
advisor to Alexander zaharchenko said
that the bomb was deliberately planted
inside the restaurant now the city of
Donetsk and the so-called NS People's
Republic have declared a state of
emergency and the entire territory of
the Republic is and now on lockdown
people cannot leave and people cannot
come into the nest People's Republic as
the authorities are looking for people
who have executed this terrorist acts
and this is exactly how they're looking
at it right now as a terrorist act now
the local authorities accused the
government in G of alpha committing this
act and the government in Kiev says that
they already issued a statement that
they have not been involved in this
incident the incidents now Moscow's
foreign ministry has also said that this
was a terrorist act and should be
investigated as such Russian President
Vladimir Putin called it a despicable
murder and that those who chose the path
of terror and violence are not looking
for a peaceful solution in the southeast
of the country and instead they Bank on
destabilizing the situation and he added
that he expects all the responsible
parties in this case to be brought to
justice
meanwhile the authorities in the next
People's Republic have announced a
three-day mourning period associated
with the death of their head Alexander
the harsh and calm
you
