yellow ribbons used as the symbol of
support for jailed opposition
politicians in the Spanish region of
Catalonia have been removed overnight by
anti independence activists in the city
of Girona 80 people wearing white suits
and masks gathered up the ribbons into
rubbish sacks the group called
themselves brigades to clean yellow
ribbons and to free Catalonia a
spokesperson told us they wanted to show
the public spaces should stay neutral
the white suit is our way of putting
forward our demands we put on the suits
to draw attention we also consider it to
be a form of protest first of all we
went there to get rid of those yellow
ribbons and to deliver the message that
public places are neutral that they
should be neutral our opponents should
respect public places
everything depends on the camp you
belong to we believe that their freedom
of speech ends where ours begins it's
that simple
members of the right wing pro unionist
citizens party in Catalonia joined in as
well with its president
Albert Riviera removing ribbons tied to
roadside fences enough public places
belong to old Catalonians we will defend
them every day today in la la' we'll
remove the yellow ribbons from public
spaces we will continue to defend the
streets beaches and squares of Catalonia
meanwhile pro-independence activists
have been busy putting the ribbons back
again
they say they represent democracy and to
those who remove them restricting the
freedom of secession supporters Catalan
politicians were arrested for their role
in an independence referendum last
October which was ruled illegal by
Madrid the leaders of the movement were
accused of rebellion rebellion and
sedition that referendum sparked mass
protests in clashes between
demonstrators and police
you
