well Thursday evening saw a small
demonstration taking place just behind
me here in the city of Chemnitz the
group calling themselves pro chemnitz
they have come out and said that they
aren't happy with the current system now
they were saying from the stage that was
set up just behind me that there was a
an anger certainly toward what they
described as a Western media portraying
them as right-wing neo-nazis they said
that they definitely weren't to fit from
the the right wing or neo-nazis what
they wanted to say that they were was
angry with the state officials here in
Saxony particularly the prime minister
who they said was a disgrace when we see
what asylum seekers are getting compared
with old people poor young people's
Germans these are facts I don't need to
say any more it's not surprising that
people explode what happened on Sunday
was only the beginning of something that
has been simmering for a long time here
in Saxony we are known to be pioneers
now horse neighs offered the German
Interior Minister had pledged that he
would be sending extra police to
chemnitz to make sure that there wasn't
a repeat of the violence that we saw on
Monday evening we've seen police
vehicles with registrations from far and
wide across Germany here as
reinforcements have been drafted in but
this all came about following the tragic
killing of a 35 year old man in the
early hours of Sunday morning in the
city of chemnitz now two men are in
custody in connection with that killing
a 22 year old and a 23 year old one from
Syria one from Iraq now that prompted
and sparked a a violent rampage by
far-right football hooligans as well as
other members of the fight on Sunday
which said were looking for foreigners
then we saw clashes on Monday evening in
Chemnitz between the between those
people who were described as the
far-right and also from anti-fascist
demonstrators from the far left that was
older than 20 people being injured two
of those police officers
Thursday evening now clearly people here
are upset with the way they think their
politicians in particular aren't paying
attention to them when it comes to
refugees and migrants and who has the
right to be here and that's the way it
looks from Chemnitz right now
you
