next video of a young Palestinian girl
climbing a security fence erected by
Israeli forces in the West Bank has
provoked outrage online the girls
apparently trying to get home after
Israeli security forces closed the gate
their campaigners say it's becoming a
daily routine for Palestinians we spoke
to its AMRO from the Hebron freedom fund
who filmed the video never the army
closes the gates you know do that every
day and the restrictions are there if
the students from there their
neighbourhood use their main road it
takes few minutes only you know to reach
the school we have a girls school avoid
school only you know to three minutes
far from that neighborhood but the
isolation policy and the separation
policy or if there's any occupation
it makes them you know you know walk
around and sometimes climb the the the
gates and climb the fences just to
illustrate for you where all this
happened it's in the south of the West
Bank in a district in he bronzed old
city and that's where Israeli
authorities have erected the 150 meter
long fence which we've marked out there
for you in blue Palestinians living
there have two ways to get to their
homes the checkpoint and the gate that
you saw in the video now we asked the
IDF why they felt the measures were
necessary they replied that the barrier
was put there for security reasons after
an Israeli man was stabbed to death
there last year but last Thursday
it had to be locked for several hours
for repairs when a number of
Palestinians sabotaged it the IDF says
residents were able to pass through a
gate nearby who's just a few metres from
where the other gate was now although
back in May Israeli forces kept that
gate closed for six days as a punishment
for stone throwing as they put it
it's AMRO again says Palestinian
families are facing segregation and
inequality in their daily lives because
of the barrier offense you know isolate
the neighborhood around 77 families from
their schools from the walk from their
universities from their neighbors we
call that gate and death Road
the sigrid and unequal road because that
road isolate Palestinians from the main
street is there any Jewish settlers they
walk on the main street and Palestinians
who are living there they walk on the
side of the road you know we have 22
checkpoints 100 movement barriers in 1
kilometer square in the city center
field
you
