United States is ignoring warning so the
terrorists are preparing a chemical
attack in Italy province in Northwest
Syria a State Department spokesperson
simply said that they don't buy into
that when asked about the intelligence
provided by Moscow the Russians are
claiming that on this one other groups
are stockpiling chemical weapons and
planning an attack that's more false
flag type reporting before when they try
to put the blame they try to put the
onus on other groups and we don't buy
into that a russia says it has
information on the delivery of toxic
substances to italy province their
claims had got there with the help of
the self-styled rescue group the white
helmets then is to be used in a false
flag attack russia's Foreign Minister
Sergey Lavrov explained the motivation
behind the plot the chemical weapons
provocation which is being prepared is
aimed at keeping al-nusrah they're
counting on using it against the
so-called regime as they call it
following the alleged Goethe chemical
attack Russia's warning that rebels will
try to stage a similar incident in idiom
to draw the u.s. France and Britain in
get them to hit Assad again Russia says
an incident is imminent especially after
the US and allies jointly stated that
they would act if it looks like Assad
launched another chemical attack that's
almost an invitation to do so says
Moscow hska the now when the u.s. is
stirring the situation around is Lib we
want to know how can Damascus have
chemical weapons if the u.s. France and
Great Britain destroyed them last year
you know what the u.s. answered we never
said that France day it's do or die for
the jihadists rebels nowhere left to run
nothing left to lose and their sponsors
the West the Gulf which have pumped
billions upon billions of dollars into a
cause that's on its last legs Damascus
and Moscow are trying to work out a deal
to reduce perhaps avoid the bloodshed
but the jihadists aren't up for it
Syria Russia adamant this swamp of
terror and zealotry has no future
possibly
shook group ownership this is the last
place for the terrorists so from all
points of view this abscess should be
removed of course what everybody's
fearful of is escalation given the US
Russian military buildup in the region
everyone has a gun pointed at each other
and given that this is it
the final act of the Syrian war the urge
to shoot might just be overwhelming the
United States doesn't believe that the
rebels have that capability whereas
there's a tremendous documentation to
show that they do have the capability
they've probably been storing it for
months if not years in the inlet
province and they have used it in the
past they have that capability and it is
a last-ditch hold for them so it cannot
be ruled out it's not it's not beyond
the realm of possibility that the u.s.
is trying to get Assad out they're going
to continue trying and and even though
Donald Trump wants to get the u.s. out
of Syria there are elements within the
US government that that don't want that
to happen
you
