the French presidents billed himself as
a main opponent to the hardline
anti-migrant politicians currently
holding power in Italy and Hungary
that's after pair united to fight
existing EU migration policies and vowed
to take power into their own hands in
the next elections for the European
Parliament parties Charlotte Dubinsky
reports from Paris we're seeing clear
size developing as we head towards
European elections in 2019 and what
we're seeing is the big divisions
between the leaders of EU nations with
Emmanuel macron the president of France
declaring today that he would be in
opposition to the leaders of Italy and
Hungary that's what they wanted and he
would stand up against their policies
media of course all really face it is
indeed clear that today there is a
stronger position between nationalists
and progressives and I will not give
anything away to nationalists and to
those who deliver this hate speech and
so if they wanted to see me as their
main opponent they are right well that's
what a president Matt Cohen had to say
after that meeting on Tuesday between
the leaders of Hungary Viktor Orban and
a Deputy Prime Minister of Italy Matteo
salvini
now they met yesterday and they bonded
very well one of the issues that they
were discussing was the migration crisis
that has engulfed Europe over the last
few years and the two said that they
would look to work together to solve
that crisis so the current situation is
like that there are two sides one is led
by macron who's supporting migration we
are on the other side trying to stop
illegal immigration this issue is
strongly debated inside the European
People's Party and we want our line to
be accepted if we're asking for
collaboration first of all from the
large countries the countries that share
a border with us like France the first
person who should show his sensitivity
and solidarity is the French president
by reopening the border at Ventimiglia
and he can do so even tomorrow morning
to have not always seen a hundred
percent I - I on the issue of migration
we know that Matteo salvini in Italy has
talked about Italy burdening too much of
the responsibility of the migrants and
wants them to be dispersed across Europe
whereas what we've seen from Hungary's
Prime Minister Viktor Orban as well as
leaders of countries such as Poland and
the Czech Republic is a point-blank
refusal to take any migrants in but the
two have come together because they
believe that they can form the best and
main opposition to the current status
quo in the European Union
whereas look at some of the figures now
of the migration crisis in 2018 the
figures show that so far around 82
thousand migrants have come to Europe
across land or from the sea in addition
to that 15 that 1,500 people are feared
to be missing or have died in the
crossing in the Mediterranean
this migration crisis continues to cause
a huge rift here in Europe and it looks
like it's once again going to be one of
the biggest platforms causing division
in Europe as we head to those elections
just in eight months time the question
is which side is going to win out
you
