at least five people have been killed
and 33 wounded in Libya this is amid
fresh clashes between various rival
groups local militias and al Connie
tribal fighters faced off on the streets
of Tripoli with tanks and pickup trucks
mounted with machine guns
several of residential areas were hit by
artillery fire and shelling the clashes
involved groups linked the UN back the
government at on-quarter has details if
you've been following the headlines
about Libya you've probably heard a lot
about post-war problems migrants human
traffickers the French president's
attempts to restore order there except
the war never really ended
in just two days of violent clashes in
Libya's capital Tripoli the Health
Ministry confirmed five fatalities and
33 injuries but that's just another
bloody footnote in a country plagued by
the instability of a post NATO bombing
regime right well this time not quite
two warring factions the so-called 7th
brigade and another group of hostile
local militias they began throwing
serious firepower at each other on
Sunday in areas densely populated by
civilians and the kicker they both
support the current UN backed interim
Libyan government which for its part
simply tried to distance itself from the
whole mess we warned these gangs and
outlawed groups that have terrorized
civilians and residents there is no
space for such lawlessness and chaos
despite a shaky ceasefire brokered on
Monday the situation is still
undoubtedly tense but it's hard to
imagine how anyone in any country
divided between so many political lines
could hope for peace first of all three
rival governments all claimed control
over the country there's the un-backed
presidential council the rival
government of national salvation and the
so called Tobruk government let's not
forget the various tribes and militias
in Libya which are always looking for a
power grab and the icing on the cake
his ISIL still remains a significant
force in the country just last week they
attacked a military checkpoint killing
at least four people with such
lawlessness and lack of any power
capable of reining in the violence
pockets of fighting have been bubbling
up over across Libya this for example is
the town of Saba it's essentially been
reduced to rubble and although the
ceasefire there has been in effect for
over two months already people haven't
forgotten the violence I swear to God in
the days of the war it was a time of
terror shells and mortars fell at random
one shall hit my house and my family is
now displaced in the end this is the
outcome before you there is the view
that speaks not me the houses are all
destroyed no water no electricity
electricity in water has been restored
thank God and life will settle slowly it
wasn't too long ago back during the
Libyan Revolution when we heard Western
leaders using those same old promises of
spreading freedom and democracy the
world you would get rid of a dictator
and you would choose freedom supporting
the people of Libya as they build a
future that is free and democratic and
prosperous seven years on from the
West's empty promises and Tripoli
continues to awake amidst explosions for
more than just one reason sometimes it's
fighting and sometimes it's even
fishermen using dynamite my wife and I
enjoy the peace and quiet of Friday
mornings in our garden by the sea but
the explosions as early as 7:00 a.m.
remind us of all that is wrong in this
country but it shouldn't be much of a
surprise especially in a country
absolutely saturated by weapons my whole
house in my old windows shake with every
blast and I have to reassure my
grandchildren that it's only people
fishing not NATO bombs all over again
you
