Scottish University set to hand out
badges to its students to spell out the
pronoun they want to be known by the he
she or they tags are part of an effort
to avoid so-called misgendering now the
initiatives been proposed by Ed Murray
University's Students Union however it
warned students should avoid using the
term preferred pronouns arguing it sort
of preference but a necessity now the
issue of young people wanting to change
gender has been increasingly stirring
controversy the UK's Woman's Minister
Victoria Atkins has expressed concerns
over the rising number of minors now
wishing to go through realignment I read
in a paper recently that there has been
a large increase in the number of
teenagers who are identified as
transgender and I think that we need to
get down to the reasons why this is
happening it may simply be a case of
greater awareness it may be that for
some they see it as an answer to
questions they're perhaps not asking
themselves ok we're joined now but live
by Peter Tatchell
LGBT rights activist and John gaunt a
radio talk show host thanks for joining
us gentlemen good to have you on the
program today I join a fuck about go to
you first obviously handing out these
badges reflecting gender pronouns the
intention may be well-meaning to make
students feel more welcome is there a
necessity really though for this or does
it add more complications to a time
that's really quite stressful young
people's lives it's a complete and utter
waste of time it's an absolute load of
nonsense it's PC gone mad however if
somebody wants to be spoken to and
they're you want to say to me I'd prefer
it if you call me mr. or mrs. or MS or
whatever then fair enough that's their
freedom of expression they've got a
right to do it but might freedom of
expression is that I'm still allowed to
say well you're a bloke if you are a
bloke and I don't understand why the
English language should be dictated to
by this or a radical minority group you
get on with whatever you want to get on
with wear whatever you want but don't
try and force it down my throat because
frankly I've had enough of the trans
lobby Peter John says he's had enough of
the the trans lobby there is there
something you agree with or is
it's necessary to make young people more
comfortable in a new environment I think
we need to start by recognizing that
trans people do not choose to be trans
they don't make this decision about
gender reassignment without very very
serious long protracted thought and
indeed it's often agonizing they face
often rejection by their parents being
thrown out of home rejection by their
peers and other kids around them and
indeed very high rates of transphobic
hate crime a physical violent attacks on
the street and very high rates of
suicide and attempted suicide so this is
not a decision that a young person takes
lightly and if they make the decision
that they feel that they are one gender
or another I think we should respect
that I don't think it's a big deal or
two it's just about common decency just
about being kind and compassionate to
other people so I don't see the problem
with that but by the same token they
should respect our rights to have a
different view and when you talk about
this this has always brought up the
thing about trans and suicides
isn't it true Peter the majority of
those suicides are people often who
can't cope with the fact that they have
trans that they've actually had these
physical very demanding operations this
look at the statistics in truth shall we
Peter it isn't because they're
struggling with the fact they think
they're in the wrong body that leads
generally to the suicide it's after when
they realize they've made a dreadful
mistake which is why the woman's a
minister or the Education Minister is
right to say we need to look at why more
and more young people are trying to go
through this we need to look at why
puberty blocking drugs have been handed
out like Smarties to children they don't
know their own mind I agree with you
Peter
it must be agonizing it needs time in
these three thoughts about and they need
to be of an age where they know that
they are in the wrong body not giving
them out to six-year-olds eight year
olds and ten year olds and you know
that's happening Peter and it's wrong
but John there are only about 300 young
people
who are having puberty blocking
treatments oh yeah only about 300 a year
that's a tiny tiny number oh yeah tiny
number oh yeah so but eh are they being
given them at Peter ten years old nine
years old you think that's good because
I but John a fuck is just jumping I mean
the debate is about these badges being
handed out in university these people
are largely eighty-eight seamen they're
18 years old John if I could just finish
John they're 18 years older they're
legally adults surely they can make the
decisions about their bodies about what
you wish to be called that's down to
them
oh yeah excuse me excuse me don't
misrepresent me I said completely if
they want to say today I'm a man
tomorrow I'm a boy the next day I'm a
fridge/freezer to them but I don't have
to fit into it I don't want to get into
a situation where I have to change
pronouns I have to change the English
language as Peter says for a minority a
very small minority they are attacking
my freedom of speech my freedom of
expression I don't believe that they are
entitled to that opinion doesn't he
Pizza I mean what would be wrong for
example with handling out simply name
badges to people you would be Peter mr.
Tatsumi I presume John will be John I
would be Daniel somebody else will be
Mary or Susan what would that not be
equally effective at dealing with a
situation I think the purpose of these
badges is just to raise awareness and in
particular to make trans students and
their friends and allies feel
comfortable safe and accepted I don't
think that's a terrible thing I think
it's just a common human decency to be
kind to other reasonable have made this
decision what's not reasonable out on a
minute
hue universities are trying to tell
lecturers it's happened at the
University of Toronto of course famously
with Jordan Peterson where they told him
he had should not use things like hello
ladies and gentlemen hello boys and
girls hallo hallo lads and lasses that
he had to fit into these new pronouns
that's what I object to I don't see why
we need to change English language for
that I agree with Peter of our being
kind my daughter was at art school with
a boy who identified as a woman some
days and as a boy of the day she told me
when I met him to be polite and you know
not stating the Mickey and I did so of
course that isn't a problem but that is
not right that these people can do this
and whilst I talk about my daughter's
it's also not right that these men who
suddenly identify as women can go into
women's refuges can go into women's
changing rooms I object to that just
like many many and get a question to
Peter on this because John raised an
interesting point they need the question
of young people children seeking to
change gender and as that woman's
Minister sound of the alarm over that an
increasing number of them are even there
you say it's only three hundred a year
should children be encouraged though to
make such drastic life-changing
decisions at such a young age I mean you
have to be 18 years old to even get a
tattoo in the UK why should they be
given these drugs and these medical
procedures when they're not of legal age
yet well no one is encouraging them and
nor should anyone encourage them this is
a call that's coming from the young
people themselves who wrestled with the
very very difficult decision about their
own gender identity they've come to a
decision
often after a great deal of internalized
shame guilt pain and suffering that they
are a different gender from which they
were assigned at birth and I think we
should be understanding and sympathetic
to those people and I think we should
acknowledge that this is not a whim and
it's just not true that people will one
day be a boy and next day be a girl
that's not true at all
those people if they do certainly not
they're not transgender in the Daily
Express article which this item is now
based on when they talk about the badges
at Edinburgh University did you not read
it did you not do your research it
actually states clearly they can change
their gender their their description by
the day and the example I gave was
sympathetic I wasn't taking the mickey
out of the
young man young woman however he wants
to identify I was purely making the
point they are allowed to drive I think
expression if we have freedom spirit if
but I have a right also to say I'm not
changing my language for them and I
don't think anybody knows their own mind
before puberty Peter when it comes to
sex and I think it's a very dangerous
line to go down to suggest they do and I
think it's shocking that 300 children
minimum are being given these puberty
blocking drugs that means they must be
on average nine or ten that's wrong
Peter it's totally wrong well John to
start it's very clear that these puberty
blocking drugs are not irreversible they
are reversible you can only have
irreversible gender reassignment surgery
and other treatments once you are an
adult so there is a proper protection
there but you know what Edinburgh
University is doing if they have said
people can change one for one day to the
next that is quite clearly absurd I
agree with you but you know thank you
Paul who are trans don't don't don't let
me finish people who are trans don't
change from day to day they some may
feel they're trans and after a number of
years they may decide they're not or
vice versa but there's this over a
number of years not something day to day
so I don't think we should trivialize
them no but you do know you know I'm not
trivializing it Peter you do know
there's a massive move to people to be
able to self-identify and that some
people do change day by day all I'm
trying to say is let's be reasonable if
somebody feels they are you know being
assigned the wrong gender they're in the
wrong body I have enormous sympathy for
them and of course we should care for
them especially if they're very young of
course we should but we shouldn't be
kind of I don't really want to use this
word but encouraging it which is what
Edinburgh University is doing and it's a
massive difference between that and
somebody who's homosexual or lesbian
it's just a nonsense and I'm afraid a
man who has his penis taken
is not a woman well I agree with
Germaine Greer if you haven't bled
you're not a woman if you've you've
raised it another interesting point John
haven't you about how society has moved
on over the years do you not worry that
in a few years time people of your age
probably people even of my age as well
that have these views maybe look back as
people who are now homophobic or racist
society as mother we've accepted these
people see I see you not by that
argument I see the yeah I do I so the
only minority although unfortunate for
you young man
it's a majority the only a majority we
can be prejudiced against as just
defined by your question which I found
abhorrent and I found insulting was that
you were trying to say I'm an old fart
that's what you're trying to say with
your fancy words well no I disagree with
you I think I'm the majority voice and I
think you should apologize to everybody
who's over 50 I don't know what age you
are but how do you think you can be so
Aegeus what a disgusting thing to say
Shawn that wasn't my might be seen as
homuth hang I haven't finished you might
be seen as homophobic see now I haven't
got a homophobic bone in my body my
friend I've got no problem with
feminists or lesbians or homosexuals at
all I've got a bit of a problem with
trans but for you to characterize it as
it's to do with my age you owe me an
apology
Shawn obviously no offense was caused in
my question if you heard me afterwards I
also said people of my age I'm around 30
seeing as you asked you you suggested it
was my age that's what you did and what
you did I'm sure Peter will agree with
me that was a gist and you shouldn't do
it you are wrong young man I knew you
weren't at 15 I can't see you because
you know in a remote studio but I
presumed you were about 30 you're not
the same age as build dogs who wouldn't
dare have asked that question you owe me
an apology apology given John what did
you give him John what might want my
point what my point was is that people
who as you said yourself you have a bit
of a problem with trans that's a quote
that you just said one in in the future
people that do have some court of some
sort of questions to be asked about
trans people will they not be viewed by
people of a younger generation as the
people who perhaps 10 15 20 years ago
would have been viewed as AMA phobic
yeah let me tell you what's going on in
our society with the growth of social
media and of course the absolute desire
by these new media oligarchs to silence
any voices of the decent silent majority
ie the right in politics not the far
right the right this is going on but let
me tell you young man just for a moment
there are many young people who are
being cajoled and bullied bullied into
all this nonsense it is not about age it
is not about age I come from P tonight I
come from a very theatrical background I
study drama and theatre I know I meet
these people I know I haven't got a
problem I have not got a problem I've
got a problem let me just clarify with
the trans lobby know with individual
trap all right John Pizza if I just get
a final comment from you but while I'm
running out of time just very briefly if
you can sir yeah I think whatever John
thinks trans people are reality they've
existed since time immemorial all
throughout history I think the fact that
there are more people coming forward is
because there is greater social
understanding and acceptance
the stigma and guilt is fading away the
issue is being discussed more openly and
that is why more people are coming
forward and identifying as trans but
it's still a tiny tiny minority a
minority that has no threat to anyone
ok I think we should live and let live
and accept that people who are different
for whatever reason including because
their gender identity that they have a
place in the human family
you
