North Korea's state controlled newspaper
has taken aim at the u.s. claiming it's
plotting to wage war on Pyongyang it
accused Washington of staging secret
military drills aimed at eventually
infiltrating the North Korean capital
the u.s. is hatching a criminal plot to
unleash a war against the DPRK and
commit a crime which deserves merciless
divine punishment in case the u.s. fails
in the scenario of the DPRK x' unjust
and brigandage denuclearization first we
cannot but take a serious note of the
double-dealing attitudes of the u.s. as
it is busy staging secret drills
involving man-killing special units were
having a dialogue with a smile on its
face a spokesperson for the US Embassy
in Seoul said he had no information
about the alleged drill well the article
came just after a visit to Pyongyang by
the US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
was abruptly canceled by Donald Trump on
Twitter the president cited a lack of
sufficient progress in the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
Pompey owes visit would have been the
first by a high-ranking US official
since the historic summit between Trump
and Kim jong-un in June back then both
sides agreed to restart their relations
helping to bring a stable and lasting
peace they reached a consensus on the
complete denuclearization of the Korean
Peninsula while agreeing on security
guarantees for North Korea Donald Trump
held the summit as a huge success very
proud of what took place today it worked
out for both of us far better than
anybody even predicted it's an honor to
be with you
tremendous success they've been
tremendously successful and it's my
honor and we will have a
let's get life now to International
Affairs expert Andrew Leung mr. Leung
thank you for joining us on the program
to discuss this in your opinion how
serious is this considering it's coming
from the official newspaper of the North
Korean ruling party
well one cannot deny that such espionage
or a kind of subversive activities would
be all stopped once the two countries
come in order to talk about it on the
table I think that this kind of
clandestine activities are always there
not only between United States and North
Korea but amongst many other countries
as well that's point number one point
number two you would look at North Korea
they are really genuinely wants to push
the country towards economic progress so
as to improve the livelihood of the
people and improve the legitimate
legitimacy of the regime so that's why
there's a lot all these overtures with
South Korea and also voluntarily
dismantling some of their installations
so that's point number two point number
three which is it is a possible
misunderstanding on a part of the United
States that from day one the North Korea
is going to give up everything now this
is totally unrealistic because how much
can North Korea can trust the US
government from day one so it must be a
gradual process whereby the North
Koreans would cut down some of the
activities in exchange for some gestures
some real progress in terms of thawing
of relationships between United States
and North Korea and also in terms of
possibly economic relationships and
investments so both sides has got to
deliver step by step but if what Donald
Trump to expect that everything will
happen on day one in North Korea
in return only for kind of undertaking
this is totally unrealistic that's the
third point the four point of course is
them the autumn and the November midterm
elections in the United States is coming
up so President Trump is won't appear
super strong wants to step up the
rhetoric as well as pressure so as to
ward off any accusations that is not
getting a good deal then nothing is on
the table yet so he must appear to be
strong so I think that you can look at
the situation from this point four
points of view the kind of intentions of
the North Koreans the impossibility of
luring out any kind of clandestine
abilities activities and and also the
unrealistic expectation that the North
Koreans would give up everything on on
the end day one and hopefully the
midterm elections coming up my Pohnpei
owes his plans visit it was cancelled so
abruptly wasn't it were you surprised by
that or do you think we can read
anything into how abruptly it was
canceled don't via Twitter by Trump
well I think that for his son the
secretary a defense secretary or a
secretary of state visiting North Korea
at this stage before the midterm
elections there is nothing the trauma
administration could see that they could
gain because if if there is a genuine
deal there is no need to send the
Secretary of State over if there is no
no genuine deal sending the secretary
state of over is not going to solve the
problem and it's going to even track
down the credibility of the trauma
administration before the midterm
elections
hence the cancellation of the visit I
think this is a move to limit the kind
of contain in the possible damage to
president Trump's credibility before the
midterm elections
you
