French president Emmanuel macron has set
his plans for Europe's defense speaking
to the country's ambassadors he
underlined the region's security can no
longer rely so heavily on the u.s. lop
Mohammed Europe can no longer rely
solely on the United States for its
security is up to us today to take
responsibility and guarantee European
security and consequently European
sovereignty let's go live now to Artie
Charlotte Dubinski who's in Paris
Charlotte good to see you can you Talos
more about what prompted macrons words
there
well he was giving his annual big
foreign policy speech to Frances
ambassadors who will now go off across
the world to take up their positions
hopefully be singing all from the hame
at same hymn sheet what Matt Kahn used
this speech to do is to push some of his
ideas which talk about a closer
cooperation in Europe and one of those
things for closer cooperation that he
believes is necessary is a closer
Defence Force here in Europe something
he's talked about several times before
now the reason he highlighted it in this
speech today is because he said that
Europe can no longer rely on having its
security from the United States now mr.
McComb went to outline a number of
gripes for the United States which are
very similar to gripes that the European
Union has with the United States and
particularly the Trump administration
they're things such as the trade wars
that we've seen in recent months this is
the hiking of steel and aluminium
tariffs with countries around the world
and big organizations such as the
European Union and also the fact that
the Trump administration has withdrawn
from the Paris climate Accord it's also
withdrawn from the Iranian nuclear deal
and of course there has been doubts from
the Trump administration particularly
from President Trump himself over NATO
itself which is the security force that
binds the US and Europe now he's talked
in the past saying that he thinks the
u.s. is doing too much so all of these
concerns have prompted magcon to say we
can't now rely on the US for security we
have to do something about it ourselves
well what is that well he's talked about
this closer defense cooperation here in
Europe but he's also said that Europe
needs to look beyond its borders and to
look to other countries such as Russia
in the future so did I - this reinforced
solidarity would imply revisiting the
European architecture of defense and
security by initiating renewed dialogue
on cyber security chemical weapons
conventional weaponry territorial
conflicts space security the protection
of the polar zones in particular with
Russia I want to launch exhaustive
reflection with our European partners in
a broad sense
with Russia
well mr. mackins said that reaching out
to Russia would rely on one thing and
that would be the full implementation of
the Minsk peace agreement this is over
at the conflict in parts of Ukraine the
Kremlin has said previously that it
agrees that full implementing of the mix
and a peace agreement should be
implemented what is interesting though
is whether or not people will be
listening to macron speech she gave a
very similar speech a year ago where he
called her very similar things but at
that time he was still riding high in
the popularity stakes we know that here
at home in France at the moment he seen
some of the lowest poles of his
presidency and we're also seeing more
and more people not happy with his ideas
across Europe as they're feeling that he
is not necessarily representing the
views of the people across Europe so
many people may in fact look to ignore
this speech
you
