to US Nationals in Vietnam have been
sentenced to 14 years in prison for
attempting a coup they were among 12
people sentenced all of them members of
the provisional national government of
Vietnam which was declared a terrorist
organization by the country's
authorities back in January now of
course the war in Vietnam ended more
than four decades ago but apparently for
some the struggle is ongoing the Vietnam
War one of the world's bloodiest
conflicts and the American Army's
biggest defeat to ideologically opposed
bloc's in two decades of fighting came
at a cost of 56 thousand US troops all
in a bid to overthrow the communist
regime of North Vietnam but the
casualties among civilians were much
greater at least 2 million people died
in the war after hopes of tightening a
democratic grip across the Vietnamese
States slipped away and up to 141
billion dollars were spent on military
operations the u.s. folded to what had
been an exhausting war at home and
abroad in 1973 thousands of anti-war
protesters would later contribute to the
end of US military involvement and two
years later the South surrendered with
Vietnam forced to unite under a
socialist flag however it would take
years for Vietnam to heal from the
wounds of the u.s. campaign napalm bombs
and toxic herbicides left the country
scarred and its citizens suffering
fast forward to 2018 and us-vietnam
relations have turned a new leaf
even prospering however there are some
people who can't let go of the past
among them the provisional national
government of the Third Republic of
Vietnam most of them share one thing in
common they all supported or fought for
the South Vietnamese Army and had to
flee when the war ended in 1975 they
dream of a regime they never had a
chance to see and their proactive about
sharing their agenda they have their own
Prime Minister and even newspapers about
their cause printed in Japan Malaysia
and Thailand recently they've caught the
attention of more global audiences the
Ministry of Public Security should
announce the organization of the
provisional national government of
Vietnam as a terrorist organisation they
plundered by weapons in an attempt to
carry out terror attacks but their plots
were uncovered and they were arrested by
Vietnamese security forces
twelve members were charged with
subversion attempting to broadcast anti
state messages described as a coup two
of those behind it were American
nationals of Vietnamese descent it's
been revealed they openly pen letters to
the US president with their HQ even
based in California it may be almost
half a century since the end of the
Vietnam War but under the surface there
are still rumblings with some still
willing to fight for a cause they never
saw come to fruition one of the two u.s.
nationals who were sentenced as we just
saw his hand James Nguyen the US Embassy
in Vietnam has released a statement
saying it will support him until his
release and deportation to America some
locals say that the group he belongs to
just doesn't understand that times have
changed this reactionary group which
carries out acts of sabotage against the
Vietnamese government is deplorable the
government is determined to maintain
peace and stability so that the country
can develop and prosperity be brought to
the people the group's members should
not delude themselves into thinking what
they do is right they don't understand
that times have changed they don't
understand the position they put
themselves in when they conspired
against the country
I think the sentences were too lenient
you
