thousands of people rallied in central
Dublin on Sunday to show solidarity with
the victims of institutional abuse in
Ireland the stand for truth March
coincided with the end of Pope Francis's
historic visit to the country which was
marked by a papal Mass those
participating carried banners emblazoned
with slogans like truth justice love
they march in silence towards the last
Magdalene laundry to close in the
country the laundries were predominantly
Catholic run in confinement institutions
for women who became pregnant outside of
marriage the Pope's visit to Ireland has
seen people airing their grievances over
a range of historic abuse scandals
involving the Catholic Church
if a woman in islands was not married
and got pregnant she couldn't go into an
Irish Hospital run by the state they had
to go to these units because they were
sinners
at nighttime we were all locked in the
cell
they were like prison cells there was no
mattress on the floor
we did get abuse in there in different
forms they played mind games with us
the norms lives to single mothers who
lost her children to adoption they were
told was a mortal sin and they burn in
hell if they're looking for children I
turned my back on the church because the
I suppose the church saw us as bastards
you know and they hit so much must even
our original baptisms Earths
the Roman Catholic Church at the global
level directed by the Vatican has
covered up the crimes of priests and has
left children women at bonneville adults
at the hands of predatory priests that
it knew posed a danger to them Pope
Francis has pleaded for forgiveness over
the Catholic Church's handling of abuse
cases and met with a group of victims to
hear their stories he expressed outrage
over what he called repugnant crimes and
promised to work to stamp out abuse in
the church
you
