mass shooting in Florida where the
police say there have been multiple
fatalities for more on this let's get
the latest update from Artie's Don
quarter Don thanks for coming in
obviously early minutes and hours after
this incident what more do we know so
father
well as you said officials have already
confirmed multiple fatalities they've
also said that one of these fatalities
was the suspect but it's still unknown
if there are other suspect the suspects
the police are right now conducting
searches both for other suspects as well
as civilians locked in in the complex
here's some footage of what happened as
you can see the incident came during a
videogame tournament inside an
entertainment complex located in
Jacksonville Florida sure and of course
you mentioned that to entertainment
complex shockingly we understand it's
not the first time that venues been
targeted by shooter yeah absolutely
another similar shooting actually
happened last year where a 16 year old
boy was killed and another 13 year old
boy was wounded so we're just gonna have
to see how this all pans out and will of
course bring the latest details as they
come about
you
