Garza's Health Ministry says over 180
people were injured by Israeli soldiers
during protests on Friday we understand
a fifty of the wounded are said to have
been hit with live ammunition now Israel
claims its actions were necessary to
prevent the Israel Gaza barrier being
breached the demonstrators were throwing
rocks and Molotov cocktails a local
correspondent Hindi KU dari reports
Palestinians are protesting in
solidarity with the Palestinian
paramedics and journalists that have
been killed in the past weeks of the
great march of return as you see this is
the Jeep patrols tear gas canisters on
the Palestinian protesters to disperse
them and to keep them away from the
fence we can also hear live ammunition
were only 100 meters away from the fence
and were very close and it's very very
dangerous here
you
you
