former nurse a Caribbean origin he was
brought to the UK as a baby indeed whose
father served in the Royal Air Force is
now facing deportation from the country
which she's called home for most of her
life
Sharon batalla her surname she told her
story to artis Shadia Edwards - thing I
had to stop working
I lost my job I was a registered nurse I
went into financial difficulties I lost
my dad in 2012 my brother to suicide I
ended up stealing monies from patients
and treated my gambling habit I ended up
in person getting a prison sentence
everything just accumulated it was just
like a knock-on effect people are died
people have literally died of stress
people have committed suicide because of
this it's been a tough road for Sharon a
former NHS nurse who's facing
deportation despite having lived here
most of her life while waiting for an
update on her status she was told she
could no longer work and was advised to
seek charity help in order to feed her
kids if they can just allow me to go to
work at least I'm not allowed to claim
benefits and the person said nope you're
not allowed to claim any benefits you
have no status so I said so how am I
supposed to feed my child he's 12 he
didn't do anything wrong and she said
well go online and seek I'm charity the
46 year old was born in Germany while
her father was deployed there during his
service in the RAF her family moved back
to the UK months after her birth I mean
our family has been connected to to
England for years everyone was proud of
him being a soldier so because of my dad
service I shouldn't work my children
should starve and I shouldn't be pushed
into destitution that's it and I should
be proud that he was serving the Queen
in the Royal Air Force that's a
punishment her siblings who were born in
the UK have never faced problems with
their status but Sharon has been told
she is not British on the grounds that
she was not born within the nation's
boundaries
Sharon believes though she has rights to
citizenship because of her father's
service there's a document called the
Queen's rules and
of the Armed Forces and this controls
everything you do as an as mommy's
personnel wherever in the world you are
and it says it in black and white
any children children should not suffer
from the citizenship nationality
problems anything where ever they were
born they should be treated as born on
British soil it's there because from the
home officer doesn't inaccurate
legislation summary of legislation so
he's telling me the Queen's document is
wrong one of the girls said well I'm not
nationality teacher and I said so well
why are you dealing with me but you give
me a British birth certificate so you
have me on your numbers that I was born
in Britain but then I'm not British the
Home Office has previously said that
there is no guarantee for children born
abroad to non British citizens to claim
British nationality even if their
parents served in the Armed Forces
Sharon now has no choice but to wait for
an appeal decision on October the 4th
Sharon is just one of dozens of
descendants of the Windrush generation
who have had their lives turned upside
down by the government's hostile
environment policy to clamp down on
illegal immigrants I just think is a
racist thing I don't like to preach
racism but who is it happening to it's a
minority group so if it's a minority
group then I put it on to racism
you
