in the US state of Louisiana for anti
pipeline activists and a journalist have
been arrested and charged under a
controversial new law under the
legislation they could end up behind
bars for something as simple as stepping
on pipeline land now the house bills
7:00 to 7:00 it's called took effect on
the first of August
it lists pipelines as critical
infrastructure it explicitly prohibits
trespassing pipeline grounds with those
running afoul risking a hefty fine or as
many as five years behind bars over it
let's take a look at the oil pipeline
that's caused contention in Louisiana
than other states measures to protect it
let me think of the right word I city as
well as the desperation of companies as
well as these legislators in trying to
hide how pathetically an American this
kind of a law is this privatization of
unconstitutional actions that have not
been held up in the Supreme Court and
clearly don't measure up to the law of
the land the Constitution this needs to
be understood as something that should
be contained it is so that it doesn't
spread throughout the United States and
so it does not spread throughout the
rest of the world Ed would hold the
activist you just saw speaking there
took part in the Dakota pipeline protest
it saw heavily militarized please clash
with activists and violent standoffs to
I believe that any kind of perceived
violence if that would ever occur we
need to be under incredible scrutiny
because it's it's doubtful that seasoned
advocates for farmers rights and
advocates for landowner rights and
advocates for public safety and a sane
climate future are going to resort to
that kind of pathetic and uncivilized
approach
you
