we hear too many things happen when up
now we are afraid we are afraid to go
out in the evening why they can steal
your jewelry and can grab your bag we
have never seen anything like that the
police used to be more tough but now
even they're afraid
isolated if the crime rate is
significant in Grenoble compared to
cities of the same size a city is
plagued with drug trafficking today
there's not a single week without a
knife attack or criminal settling their
schools
penta revenue news the fact that
interior minister jerec alam came to
visit the core in the assayer region he
thought he would visit Grenoble
even for a short visit there nearly in
the future we will of course make
additional efforts in this area
click on your soul tour keepers our
phrase because there are gangs both male
and female who just come and Rob them in
broad daylight and no one even moves
because they are scared to death the
police are afraid of those crooks
because they have collages there are to
the teeth who the weapons of war and the
municipal police have nothing while the
National Police are barely if it is the
criminals who are the law in this city
you
