they here in course kicked off with a
military parade tanks of the World War 2
era accompanied by troops later the
Russian president flew in by helicopter
first thing he did laid flowers to the
Tomb of the Unknown Soldier then a
minute of silence to commemorate all
those lives lost 75 years ago after that
the Russian president talked to some
veterans and visited some other
memorials scattered around the city and
while he was followed by hundreds of
locals as well the city of course holds
a very special place in the hearts of
well pretty much all Russians 75 years
ago this place saw what is still known
as the largest tank battle in world
history more than 3 million people
thoughts in it and historians agree this
battle was the breaking point of the war
for the Soviets it allowed the troops
basically reversed the Nazi onslaught
and then effectively drive them back all
the way to Berlin and 75 years on the
memories of those times still live on
among the streets of the city
you
