video has emerged of a British police
officer slapping a fourteen-year-old
girl during an arrest the images soon
spread online and fired up reaction from
both the public and the police please be
aware that the video we're about to show
you does contain violence say they were
responding to a disturbance involving
youths fighting while officers attempted
to get one girl under control the male
officers struck the teenager in the face
it's claimed that was in response to her
trying to grab the officers taser and
radio as a result the girl and a 52 year
old woman were arrested on suspicion of
assaulting a police officer two officers
had to receive medical treatment for
bite marks and cuts to the head the
officer's actions have divided opinion
in britain with some calling for him to
be sacked while others praised him for
doing a difficult job why would a fully
grown man police officer need to palm
strike a fourteen-year-old girl the
video shows nothing more than police
brutality the offices in question needs
sacking the open-palm head was to
disorientate her so they could get her
arms she was being very violent in my
opinion and that force was very
necessary meanwhile police chiefs have
defended the officer's actions saying
the video does not give the full picture
of the situation we understand this
footage may appear concerning however
officers are trained to use restraint
techniques which may look shocking to
untrained onlookers
let's go live now to Peter Kirkham who
spent more than 20 years serving in
London's Metropolitan Police and George
Barda from the Occupy London equality
and social justice movement Peter if we
could go ahead and start with you what
was your assessment of how the officer
handled the situation it certainly
looked like a use-of-force that's within
the within the range that you might
expect in that sort of situation as the
Chief Constable said in his statement
those of us that are on the sidelines
and don't have the full facts we can't
make a full judgement it will depend an
awful lot on exactly what happened and
exactly what the officer describes doing
them why but it certainly appeared to be
a reasonable use of force to me on the
face of what we can see in the video and
George what was your first reaction upon
seeing the video I mean first random
reaction with shock and dismay and you
know of course haven't seen the full
context but what has gone out to the
public is a picture of a 14 year old
girl and it's been described in the
media as it as a slap with the open hand
if you watch the video he literally he
punt effectively punches her face into a
into a metal no he into a metal shutter
behind her and clearly what happened
please let me finish
clearly what happens after that is that
that creates all sorts of mayhem and
suddenly a situation where there are two
police officers trying to restrain a
14-year ago becomes a situation where
four or five other people are involved
they're shouting in the background
clearly it causes a lot more a lot more
of a public nuisance than there was
before you know I don't know what
happened before clearly there may have
been provocation and but it's a
policeman's job especially when dealing
with a teenage girl not to be provoked
into bashing her head into a metal
shutter and it looks also very
disturbingly as if he's trying to push
his finger into her eye as well and
obviously you know this is a great
anomaly yourself online but clearly this
is not this is not the kind of image
that in an in a very difficult situation
between police and public in many cases
this is not the kind of image to the
police want to be going
the public-house imagine Peter the
police chief constable has come out
saying that those who are filming the
incident may have been better using
their time helping the officers to calm
the situation is that really the place
of by standards bystanders to go ahead
and interact with that sort of situation
it's certainly the job of bystanders not
to get involved in the you acting I I
let you finish now perhaps you'd let me
finish I'm not making facts up a punch
is a punch with a clenched fist that
plainly wasn't there you're making
something up about poking a finger in an
eye that nobody has said before you're
making up lies and the likes of you do
it all the time you would be better off
supporting the police in trying to keep
order and questioning why
fourteen-year-old girls are brawling in
the street with other children of that
age
resulting in the police being called and
questioning the parenting instead of
questioning the actions of the police
doing their best to deal with that
situation you're part of the problem
mate
okay I mean I'm getting a slightly a
slight difficulties my audio but all I
would say is that he clearly push it
there's a lot of force behind that open
hand slap it's not a punch I didn't say
it was a punch is not clenched fist but
he clearly it's not it's not from from
the side it's from the front and he
bashes her hard in the head and clearly
that further provokes the situation
clearly she reacts to that in it in alt
in it in a very in a very violent way
and other bystanders then get involved
my job as an activist I think is to try
and hold power to account now I would
say the police that have a horrible job
in this country they've been for 2% cuts
at least in the last in the last seven
years whatever it is they're dealing
with increasing social deprivation and
inequality and all the consequences that
brings about some of this isn't about
you know demonizing the police but this
is about recognizing that if the police
going to respond to a video like that
with with pure defensiveness I think the
problems are only going to get worse
between sections of the public that
already have a lot of doubts about the
police and and the police but but I
think it's also important to say to
respond to what you said that black
lives matter in the u.s. for instance
it's not as if the police haven't been
brutalizing people for many years it's
that people now have smartphones and can
record it the reason we're having this
important discussion about what is
appropriate behavior from the police is
because somebody recorded it and as an
activist I can tell you that time after
time when the police are violent towards
us in a very unprovoked way then that
then gets framed by the police as
assaulting assaulting an officer and so
I'm quite a lot of people have
smartphones they're not meant to get
involved physically but they should be
they should be holding them how is the
b2 again as a police officer I can tell
you that force is used when it is needed
I've been on policing of loads of
demonstrations with the likes of
yourself and the police do not start
using violence protesters provoke
situations by going somewhere they are
not to go trying to force their way
through or by attacking the police what
do you expect the police to do when they
tried to calm her down when the others
are all trying to get involved and when
she's trying to grab the Taser and all
the radio
what do you expect them to do what would
you do George on that note I wanted to
ask you 26,000 officers were assaulted
in England and Wales in the year in this
year that's according to the Home Office
if officers are being physically
assaulted surely they have the right to
respond and restrained someone I I'm not
pretending for a second to be an expert
on on the precise legalities of what
forces allowed went when and how and
then and and neither am i saying that I
know what happened before after that
video but what you clearly see from that
video is too great you know a grown man
and a grown woman police officer trying
to arrest a 14 year old girl when when
the man bashes her in the head and
bashes her head into the metal shutters
clearly that further provokes the
situation gets more members of the
public involved that was not good
policing as far as I can see in those 30
seconds yes he may have been provoked
but I think it doesn't so what would you
take the police for them to come out
with this complete defensive Ness I know
what that situation exactly what was
going on in that situation or suggestion
but your views are irrelevant to to add
up please okay excuse me to put two
grown police officers can find a way of
restraining a 14 year old girl better
than okay tell us I just tell us that's
why this is this is why isn't Hey look I
you're the police officer you tell me I
mean you telling me every plan and I'll
restrain you're criticizing you're
saying they're doing it wrong tell them
what they should do very simple question
and I have no idea what they should do
I'm not I'm not the oh they're not an
effective way to restrain a fourteen now
what you conclusion see is that millions
of people don't give a negative view of
the police because they've seen that
video and to bash a forty a fully-grown
a male police officer to bash a 14 your
girl in the face if they don't a so what
would have done is effective policing
what should they do oh come on I mean
I'm assuming tasers aren't aren't sort
of no I'm assuming that tasers aren't in
a position where somebody within arm's
reach can just grab it and press the
button straight yeah they are they're
carried on the folder
the carrot on the front of Tatyana
precautions the carrot on front of body
so somebody can do it somebody can
literally just reach out and press the
button and then and then that will that
will electrocute the police officers
that we were telling mean they can
snatch that they can snatch the radio
I'm not saying I'm not saying know the
answer so it's going to be in a cage so
how is the officer get it when they were
I'm sorry gentlemen I'm afraid we're
gonna have to leave it here for the
moment I've made three times which is
that I'm sorry gentlemen we're gonna
have to leave it here thank you both for
joining us Peter thank you thank you
Peter Kurten who served for 20 years in
the London Metropolitan Police and
George Barta from the Occupy London
equality and social justice mock
movement thank you both for joining us
on the program
you
