Saudi Arabia says that a journalist who
went missing over a fortnight ago in
Turkey died in a fist fight inside its
consulate in Istanbul Riyadh
has already dismissed two senior
officials under arrested 18 others
linked to the case without explanation
surrounding the disappearance of Jamal
khashoggi has already been dismissed as
improbable man has drawn severe backlash
from journalists and politicians alike
it also contradicts earlier Saudi claims
that Khashoggi left the consulate
shortly after arriving there there are
calls now for the Gulf monarchy to bear
full responsibility for what happened
while Donald Trump says he is satisfied
with the latest account the discussions
that took place with the citizen jamal
hisagi during his presence in the
consulate of the kingdom in istanbul by
the suspects did not go as required and
developed in a negative way led to a
fight and a quarrel between some of them
and the citizen jamal khashoggi yet the
brawl aggravated to lead to his death
and their attempt to conceal and cover
what happened I mean it's again it's
early we haven't finished our review or
investigation but it's I think it's a
very important first step and it
happened sooner than people thought it
would happen well just some background
59 year-old Jamal Khashoggi had lived in
the US for the past year in self-imposed
exile he was a columnist for The
Washington Post and had written
extensively about Saudi Arabia
khashoggi was once believed to be close
to the Saudi royal family but had been
critical of the country's heir to the
throne Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
the journalist drew attention to Riyadh
war in Yemen on women's rights in the
Gulf monarchy okay shogi had entered the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul on October
2nd to pick up a document for his
upcoming wedding shortly after his
disappearance Turkey announced it had
audio records of the journalists alleged
killing by a Saudi hit team here's our
tease done :
King Salman has fired five top officials
and arrested 18 people among those fired
are
Prince Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
advisor Saud Al Qahtani and deputy
intelligence chief Major General Ahmed
Al Asiri they're being investigated
about the case
the white white house press secretary
Sarah Sanders has released a statement
saying these are the exact words the
United States acknowledges the
announcement from the Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia that its investigation into the
fate of jamal haji is progressing and
that it has taken action against the
suspects it has identified thus far we
will continue to closely follow the
international investigations so the
saudi version that we are hearing
tonight about a fistfight that led to
his death is very different from what
the Turks have been leaking through the
international press Turkish intelligence
have been claiming that a Saudi hit team
of 15 people killed ha Shoji within just
a matter of minutes after haji arrived
at the saudi embassy in istanbul they
claimed to have video and audio
recording showing the saudi team
listening to music through headphones as
they cut hull choji's fingers off
beheaded him and dismembered his body
with a bone saw
president Trump has called on the on
Turkey to release the audio and video if
it exists this has led to unprecedented
scrutiny of Saudi Arabia and its
relationship with the Trump
administration much of the outrage has
been specifically directed at the crown
prince of Saudi Arabia Mohammed bin
Salman we've seen protests outside the
White House here in Washington and
Democrats are seizing on the Trump
administration's relationship with Saudi
Arabia as midterm elections near well
when the case first garnered global
attention president from threatened
Riyadh with severe punishment but that
appears not to include stropping
multi-billion dollar arms contracts
between the monarchy on Washington study
Arabia has been a great ally but what
happened is unacceptable but I would
prefer that we don't use as retribution
cancelling 110 billion dollars worth of
work they are ordering military
equipment everybody in the world wanted
that order Russia wanted it China wanted
it
we wanted it we got it and we got all of
it every bit of it I don't like stopping
massive amounts of money that's being
poured into our country spending 110
billion dollars on military equipment
and on things that create jobs like jobs
and others for this country but our T's
option rectums II spoke to a friend of
Jamal khashoggi
on today's episode of going underground
who says the journalist expected to be
arrested
Jamal Kisuke always insisted until the
day he died and I had a discussion with
him only hours before he disappeared he
insisted he wasn't an opposition member
against the royal family he was just a
critic of some of the policies adopted
by the crown prince he was very anxious
that the country was taking a turn into
what is worse he was afraid or he was
concerned about its future that's why he
wrote what he wrote but he was never a
member of the opposition he knew if he
went back to Saudi Arabia he would have
been arrested and probably sent behind
bars like that like some of his other
friends
you
