good afternoon everyone by tradition I
will start with the agenda of our
Minister Sergey Lavrov on 24th of August
the Russian Foreign Minister we hold
negotiations with his Turkish colleagues
mr. cherish igloo will be in Moscow with
a short working with it it would be the
sixth meeting in 2018 between the two
ministers and they will discuss the
Syrian settlement and they also discuss
the coordination measures in fighting
against terrorism in Syria and in the
search of political solution to the
Syrian conflict they are also going to
have a meaningful discussion of power
energy trade in economic projects that
are very important for us in Turkey and
they're going to exchange views on
regional agenda that are of mutual
interest for the two countries last
briefing I mentioned that hundred years
ago on the 27th August of 1918 the
diplomatic courier service of the
Russian Federation so any page in its
history a special service was created
between the people's commissariat and
foreign affairs to provide reliable and
the sensitive communications between
diplomatic missions of the Soviet
republics on the 27th of August the
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov
is going to take part in the opening
ceremony of the thematic file and
document exhibition 100 years of
diplomatic service of the Russian
Foreign Ministry and in this regard but
we're going to show you several slides
we're going to show your presentation
about the service I would like to say
again that the job of a diplomatic
career is very responsible it requires
good health do diligence
and also requires to have a good health
because the work is related with lengthy
and often flights and movements
stressful situations the changes of time
and climate exams also this work is
associated associated with health risks
you all know about till doneita and
Jurgen max Master who were Soviet
diplomatic careers they were famous for
their deeds on the 5th of February in
1926 when they were attacked in Riga and
they their names will be remembered
forever and they and that day is
remembered in Russia as the day of
memory of diplomatic corps years today
the diplomatic careers continue to risk
their lives they continue to send and to
deliver the past to the regions to the
conflict areas now we moved 29th of
August the Russian Foreign Ministry will
hold negotiations with the Saudi foreign
minister who will be in Moscow with
working visit we believe that this
upcoming meeting between the two
ministers is a part and parcel of
regular and trust based political
dialogue with the Saudi partners and a
wide range of matters of mutual interest
these negotiations will focus on
pressing matters of further ongoing
development of multifaceted Russia Saudi
relations and the implementation of
agreements following the state visit of
the King Salman and his negotiations
with the Russian president in October
2017 the two ministers will also discuss
bilateral trade whose volume
demonstrates today solid positive
momentum in 2017 the bilateral trade
doubled in contrast to 2016 and reached
915 point 2 million u.s. dollars in the
first four month of 2018 the Russia
Saudi bilateral trade has increased by
seventy six point four percent and
reached two hundred ninety three point
two million US dollars
the major coordinating role is played by
joint intergovernmental Commission on
trade economic scientific and technical
cooperation as well as specialized
working groups established within it the
organization of various business
missions to Saudi Arabia under the ages
of relevant Russian agencies showed also
good results there is also an essential
element of our cooperation which is the
cooperation between Russian direct
investments fund and public investments
fund of Saudi Arabia we also noticed
stabilizing a fact of clothes Russia
Saudi coordination on the global
hydrocarbon market in the context of
multilateral agreements in the format of
a pact plus we also appreciate the Saudi
Arabia for the assistance that they
rendered to Russians pilgrims who visit
Saudi Arabia particularly Mecca and
Medina we see that the hajj season is
coming to an end in the kingdom and we
see that the week of the russian culture
in saudi arabia will stir up him
material context between the two
countries the two ministers will have a
meaningful exchange of years on the
station and Middle East and the northern
Africa
with a focus on the need to resolve
ongoing conflicts in a strategic part of
the world with the political and
diplomatic means through I mean usually
respectful dialogue and taking into
account interests and concerns of all
parties involved particularly they will
discuss stationed in Syria
melibea Persian Gulf Palace tea
palestinian-israeli shoes the two
ministers will also discuss the
prospects for joint efforts within the
strategic dialogue of Russia and Gulf
Cooperation Council the council which is
headquartered in Riyadh as you know and
now we're moving to the pressing issues
of the international agenda by tradition
I'll start with the situation in Syria
we see that positive trends are becoming
stronger there as the main one is the
return of Syrian refugees to Syria we
see that this process is not massive but
there are all the conditions that are
being formed for it but globally we can
say that they thought that this process
has already begun and the Syrian
government has developed and is
implementing the complex of measures to
stimulate their appropriation process
and to facilitate their intake very
reintegration process this measures
include simplification of passport and
customs control social welfare and the
medical care facilitation and trading
and employment as well as soft-landing
Syrian authorities supported by Russian
servicemen continued de mining
activities debris clearance and
restoration of social and economic
infrastructure since the beginning of
August in East guta and East kalamoon
routine rebuilt hospitals were put into
service in the Damascus region 15 the
residents of 15 populated areas received
access to qualified medical 8
unfortunately there are also negative
moments the situation was settled in
Damascus region in the area around homes
Derick an 8-round the southern part of
Syria but at the same time terrorists
concentrated their efforts
on the northern part of Syria in Italy
fighters were able to use the law in the
fighting to solidify their ranks and to
build up their military capabilities
they carry out their provocative actions
not only against governmental forces but
also against civilians in a blip zone
they attack maiming with UV ace and our
anti-missile system shut down 45 units
in this context as for the this
collision zone Italy terrorists arrest
lot of people and they suspect them of
campaigning for making a reconciliation
agreement with the Syrian authorities
and there are more than 500 cases of
such rests at the same time on the
northern eastern part of Syria which is
controlled by US soldiers who continue
to coddle with illegal armed forces by
buying their loyalty by providing them
all all the necessary weapons as a
result we see an active process of the
establishment of pseudo state structures
that are not prescribed by the Syrian
legislation as full rock band camp which
is not far from the Jordan border there
is still not not their access is still
not provided to Syrian authorities and
yoonah fischels hundreds of ice fighters
and Neutra fighters remain in this camp
and they use residents there as human
shield author I also have all the
necessary heavy weaponry your soldiers
know about the situation and they
control 55 kilometers own around their
illegal military base in Epton which is
on the Syrian territory the United
States announced last week about the
termination of funding of programs to
stabilize stationed in Syria the fact
these programs
provided for initial backing to anti
governmental forces and therefore the
United States transferred our
responsibility to the Allies and as a
result our the members of the us-led
coalition Europeans and Arabs will be
responsible for the restoration and
modernization of oil industry
infrastructure on the southeastern part
of Syria and as a result the United
States started looting the Syrian
National Heritage Sites I remind you
that the United States as well as other
parties involved in the Syrian
settlement process has repeatedly
confirmed their commitment to unity
sovereignty independence and territorial
integrity of Syria which was enshrined
in the relevant UN resolutions other
international decisions join Russia u.s.
documents in Syria so we see that openly
the United States didn't abandon this
commitments despite the trends the
recent current trends that exist today
so we would like to understand how does
this position fit into practical actions
of partners that take on the Syrian
territory would like also to comment the
situation on the north of Afghanistan
our ministry have published several
commentaries on that issue today I'm
ready to make another statement and
explain provide explanations on that one
second please
first I would like to mention the
flights of so-called unknown helicopters
to provide assistance to terrorists and
extremists in the northern part of
Afghanistan again we take your attention
to the flights of unknown helicopters
from the northern part over the northern
part of Afghanistan
they deliver weapons and ammo to local
ice fighters and Taliban members who
also work with ice fighters particularly
the Afghan mass media and locals say
that such flights were registered in the
province sorry pool we mentioned that it
occurs in immediate proximity of the
borders of Central Asian states and many
ice fighters in Afghanistan are
Nationals of this state we haven't we
haven't witnessed any response from
Afghanistan securities services or the
command of the us- contigent deployed on
that territory we have no information
about the fact who provides arms to
these terrorists and why does it take
place when there is a special US command
forces that are deployed in the in
Afghanistan leadership team our next
topic that we closely follow we are
talking about the investigation process
of the murder of Russian journalists in
South Central African Republic I need to
say that Russian law-enforcement
agencies together with Central African
colleagues continue the investigation of
the murder of Russian journalists that
took place in Central African Republic
on the 13th of July we have filed a
special request for legal assistance
which is necessary to provide an access
to Russian investigators to witnesses
evidence in all the materials of
investigation on the 22nd of August our
diplomats in Central African Republic
who sent this document to the ministry
of justice and human rights or the
Central African Republic at the moment
the
the principal task of our ministry and
the Russian embassy in bangy is to
provide diplomatic assistance in the
work of Russian and Central African
investigative bodies which will have to
establish real circumstances of the
murder of Russian journalists we're
particularly concerned by the arrest of
the Russian national reboot now the rest
of the 15th of July actually our Russian
national faced with far-fetched
accusations of activities and as an
agent of a foreign government on the
17th of August maria Buettner without
any prior notice was transferred to
another prison and she was placed to a
solitary confinement cell which is
designed for career criminals before
that the Russian national was forced to
horrible and humiliating search
procedures all her belongings were taken
away I'm talking about clothes food
personal hygiene products she was in the
special care entire cell for 12 hours
without any food all her pleas for
urgent medical aid were ignored which
actually influenced her health condition
only after our strong diplomatic actions
taken by our diplomatic facilities her
researchers nine checks were stopped
also her confined terms were improved
she was transferred to solitary
confinement cell with windows and with
the comfortable temperature regime which
made all the requirements the
administration of of of the prison also
promised to provide communications with
her family
we demand to provide all the assistance
to maria butanna and to close
politically
dated criminal proceedings we hope that
the international community will pay
attention to degrading and arbitrary
actions of US law enforcement agencies
against our Russian national and will
continue to support her and to provide
her every assistance in protecting her
rights and legitimate interests another
situation similar situation with our
Russian national our Russian national in
the US prison we closely follow the
situation with our Russian national
Constantini ischenko
who was illegally kidnapped in the
Burien 2010 by US security services our
diplomats have visited our national in
Danbury Connecticut State on the 21st of
August during his conversation the
diplomats found out that his health was
exacerbated and he notified prison
administration about that however as of
today he hasn't received any medical
treatment necessary for that from our
part we made an agreement with the
prison administration to complete the
check up for mr. Irish Anka our
diplomats are providing every assistance
to the family of mr. gerashenko to his
wife and to his daughter
they have now they have haven't seen him
for ages and we also have made an
agreement on the organization of regular
visits between them and we will continue
to seek the respect of rights and
legitimate interests of mr. gerashenko
and his quick return to Russia and now
let's talk about the station in the
United States five months later after
the death of mr. English cough Scotland
Yard finally published a report about
the investigation process of this case
this report contains footage from video
surveillance camera which calls
witnesses to provide area assistance to
the investigation it also contains a
special report about all the testimonies
and evidence that they collected I'm not
going to criticize to provide any
evaluation of the work of British bodies
but I have a question 5 months passed
after the death of mr. ghoulash cough
the death that occurred in the British
territory the footage of from video
Swiss camera have been recently
published and they called to provide
every assistance to the investigation
just tell me please
in five months can anyone remember the
circumstances after watching the footage
can anyone remember the details is it
even real to remember that it's just a
joke or were about the people and it's
just a joke when they are talking about
this crime and this is a serious crime
that took place on the British territory
we also have explored all this details
but at the same time we urge the British
side to provide us every information
about that but we have to mention that
despite our official requests London
continues not to provide us all the
results of the investigation particular
I'm talking about the request sent by
the general Prosecutor's Office the
request that was sent on the 23rd of
April 2018 so it happened four months
ago
we believe that by ignoring our requests
the British side violates norms of the
international law because we're talking
about the death of the Russian citizen
again we call the British side to have a
meaningful and responsible cooperation
with Russian law enforcement agencies in
investigating this case now let's talk
about Solsbury names Barry well while is
saying we're concerned by this but we
believe that it's strange and appalling
when there is no information about the
health of Russian citizen us crippled
and her father Sergey is crippled we
have no information about their
whereabouts and we're concerned by it's
very strange I would say we are
concerned by the ongoing refusal of
British authorities to provide access of
consular workers to Russian citizens we
have learned about the read mission of
one of the victims of Amesbury incident
mr. Rowley we pay attention to the fact
that the administration of Salisbury
Hospital said us that no one is going is
undergoing medical treatment that is
required after the exposure to the nerve
agent we wish speedy recovery to mr.
Rowley and we hope that London will have
enough common sense to abandon
provocative for stirring up all this
incidents in Salisbury names Barry and
will abandon far-fetched and wrong
accusations that the British side made
against Russia without waiting for the
results of the investigation we continue
to make strong calls for independent
impartial and transparent investigation
of incidents in Salisbury names burry
and we reaffirm our commitment to
cooperate on this case
and we also are waiting for a
substantive response to the request on
the legal assistance sent by the general
Prosecutor's Office of the Russian
Federation to London and that is related
to the proceedings initiated by the
Russian investigation committee it was
initiated on the 16th of March the this
case which is related to the attempted
murder of us crippled which was carried
out in a generally harmful way via our
ministry and diplomatic missions we
continue to discuss all the security
measures that are discussed evading the
visiting of Stonehenge which is the
UNESCO World Heritage Site as well as
other parts of Salisbury like Salisbury
Cathedral this tourist route is quite
popular particularly among Russian
nationals and their compatriots so all
these sites are not closed for visitors
and we received a question if it's
allowed to visit such sites if it's safe
to visit such sites officially we have
scarce information about that and all
the materials that are published in the
media they are unconfirmed no one
refutes no one confirms them so I would
like to mention that British relevant
bodies continue to investigate incidents
with related to the poisoning of Russian
citizens and to the poisoning of British
nationals names burry taking into
account the fact that the investigation
is not complete and also bearing in mind
the fact that the British authorities
promote the information about the fact
that Russia is involved in this
incidents we cannot exclude the
situation where
Russian tourists who visit this area
might be on the radar of British the
future services and can be under their
scrutiny it also you need to take into
my own the fact that near that area
there is a special facility of the
Defense Ministry of Great Britain which
is the laboratory Porton Down this
regard we would like to recommend our
citizens to be cautious to have mobile
phones of diplomatic and consular
offices in Great Britain in a situation
where it might be necessary all the
contact information you can find on our
official website also I would like to
mention the visit of OPCW group of
experts to provide certain technical
assistance to Great Britain British
authorities as we can see keep trying to
use purely technical organisation and
prohibition of chemical weapons for
their protein Mystic political goals
they try to support the activities that
they've been carrying out this this
month last week we were informed about
another visit of the OPCW group of
expert to Great Britain to deliver
technical assistance in in order to
identify it toxic all agent which
affected Russian national since in
Salisbury and British nationals who
names burry London didn't even bother to
conceal the fact that they don't wait
that they don't anticipate from the
organization any real contribution in
establishing all the circumstances of
the situation in Salisbury names burry
London only wants from the organization
to confirm the results of a test of a
certain identical chemical agent
was detected in biomechanical and
environmental samples collected by
British experts clearly Great Britain
abuses is right as a state party of the
OPCW London didn't use the article 10 of
CWC which prescribes the detailed
procedure of assistance of assistance
and protection delivery in the situation
where chemical weapons were used instead
the British authorities recalled a
paragraph 38 e of article 8 of CWC which
prescribes technical assistance to state
parties in the implementation of regular
commitments under the Convention which
is the destruction of stockpiles of
chemical weapons and maintaining due
control of toxic all chemical agents
under the CWC this is a cynical
manipulation of legal instruments but
such approach actually is the trademark
hold for London's foreign policy again
we pay attention to the fact that
article 8 of CWC does not provide a pcw
any mandate to carry out independent
investigations to make their own
conclusions and to conduct independent
verification of results of the
investigation carried out by any state
and I need also to say that they forget
about the fact that the samples that
were collected all the sample the
samples were not collected by OPCW
experts they were collected by British
experts on such understanding such
understanding of the of CWC articles is
confirmed by the implementation practice
of article 8 of the convention such
assistance was provided to states who
experience
the lack of experts equipment and
technologies and as you know Great
Britain has all this in abundance the
question is why did London refer to the
pcw the answer is clear by levelling
far-fetched preposterous accusations
against Russia that it was involved in
Salisbury names for accidents which as
we can see were orchestrated by British
authorities to discredit our countries
the British authorities just wanted to
support all their accusations with the
OPCW authority they want to combine the
situation in Salisbury Amesbury with
their official position and by
mentioning all the time they OPCW that's
what we can see such a simple
manipulation there's a classical
propaganda technique to support their
blatant anti Russian campaign for London
it's not important that OPCW is not
authorized and is not able to identify a
source country of an identical toxic all
chemical agent that was detected in
Salisbury names burry with a pretentious
name Nova chalk for the British
propaganda machine it's enough if OPCW
is involved in this notorious scruples
case which and the investigation of this
case is carried out in a closed and non
transparent regime their task is quite
simple they want to they want to promote
all this ideas and arguments they want
to solidify all these so pretentious
names all this surnames and geographical
names
and also the name of the major
international organization despite our
strong calls Russian investigative
bodies are still denied any access to
the material so the investigation
despite the fact that we have sent all
the requests via official channels we
also paid attention to the statement
made by the Deputy Secretary of Defense
I'm talking about mr. Stryver
deputies Secretary of Defense of the
United States he made the statement
during his visit to Manila during his
statement he decided to blackmail the
Philippines and said that the
continuation of military and technical
cooperation with Russia jeopardizes
their alliance with the United States
this is not the first time when
Washington reports to such dishonest
techniques by trying by forcing other
countries to abandon the procurement of
Russian weaponry to the benefit of the
American products but what about
competition and markets our American
colleagues told Todd other things to be
honest but at the same time it's a prime
example of unfair competition and it's
an aspiration to promote interests of
their own defence industry complex and
search statements again demonstrates
that the United States try to increase
their propaganda and work and to make
the military technical cooperation with
Russia and negative political image so
mr. Shriver said that you cannot buy
Russian becken weaponry because Russia
is carrying out irresponsible foreign
policy and therefore he made a number of
far-fetched claims against Russia like
aggression in Ukraine and involvement in
chemical attacks in gray
Britain I have only one question can we
change this logical chain in Reverse and
say that to whom United States sell
their weapons that they carry out
responsible politics just look her in
pay attention to the conflicts in which
this countries are involved and just
after that you can make conclusions
about aggressive and responsible foreign
policy they say about us we believe that
it's an appropriate to make such
statements we we can obviously see that
the cooperation between Russian
asia-pacific countries creates obstacles
for the United States and strengthening
the military and political positions in
the region and we have to say with
regret that if countries choose our
products and not American ones
Washington records to influence and
progr
and irresponsible inflammatory
statements we call our us partners to
adhere to fair competition it's even
difficult to imagine that we should make
such calls to our us partners we were
also asked to comment the leak of
midterm report of the group of experts
of the UN Security Council committees
1718 under sanctions against DPRK the
weakened the mass media were appalled by
the fact that this report was leaked
before it was discussed in this in in
the UN Security Council committee and
before it was officially distributed by
the chair of the UN Security Council
this is not the first time when such
information is leaked when such
sensitive information is leaked
this is the gross violation of rules and
rules of procedure of the structure and
this is also a violation of diplomatic
ethics because we are talking about
normalization on the situation in the
region and not aggravation of the
situation which should be mindful of
that and also it's absolutely obvious
that the task of this action is to exert
pressure on certain countries when it
comes to the discussion of North Korean
issue in order to continue to exert
pressure on Pyongyang despite the fact
that Pyongyang is quite cooperative and
denuclearization in the Murrell ization
of the situation and the Korean
Peninsula all this actions are taken
with the approach seek those from from
whom you can receive benefit and we know
who is responsible for such leaks we
want to demand the UN Secretariat to
carry out a thorough investigation of
this appalling incidents to identify
perpetrators of this act and we hope
that the committee 1718 will be active
in this endeavors on the 21st of August
there was the initiative of
municipalities to to present a plague on
the corner of Memorial from anonymous
historians
Conniff is responsible for the
intelligence activities before before
the event
when these Soviet soldiers entered the
territory of Czechoslovakia that such
statements are absurd in the far-fetched
and will based all the steps were taken
was an attempt to
to use a sensitive sensitive moment of
the history this is the fifth time
vandalism against another russian
memorial this is the memorial that was
built near the prestige odd and it's
regret that the city authorities cannot
ensure the security of this monument and
those who are responsible for the know
how they should be here is responsible
for the consequences
they tried by trying to decrease the the
importance of all the actions carried
out by Konev goes against the official
policy of the Czech authorities and also
it goes against the respectful attitude
of a large majority of Czechs to the
memory of Soviet soldiers and officers
who helped to liberate Europe from Nazis
and it's just - it said it's dishonest
to connect to koneff with the with the
situation of 1968 in Czechoslovakia also
we have seen the information published
in the mass media published in the
international mass media that the
official position of the Russian
Federation and 1968 is well known at the
same time it's also well known to our
Czech partners it's registered in the
preamble of the Russia check treaty on
friendly relations and cooperation from
26 of August 1993 which mentions the
will of the parties to end the
totalitarian past which is related with
inappropriate use of power against
Czechoslovakia in 1968 in further
unjustified presence of Soviet soldiers
on the Czechoslovak territory such
position has been
confirmed repeatedly by officials of our
country we have received a lot of
questions to comment the information
that we received from Ukraine about
their slogans that Ukrainian propaganda
use and many Ukrainian politician says
we heard they want to make the slogans
official I think that you're well you
know all the relations about the
political situation in Ukraine all the
details about that and I don't see there
is no use just to explain it again
I just to provide you some facts to
provide you some information again in
the Senate grimoire website you will
receive all the references the mass
media says that on the 21st of August in
Kiev during the military parade which
will honor the 27th Independence Day of
Ukraine during this parade there will be
a military notary greeting glory to
Ukraine glory to heroes and it should
replace according to the media the
original greeting hello comrades
wish you all the best which existence
since they sold it on me we received the
materials from the Russian Historical
Society and this but the material says
that this is another temple the state
propaganda - enshrined in the public
consciousness this slogan which is which
is associated with the Ukrainian army
Stepan Bandera and their crimes during
the Second World War
to say that the activities of this army
are prohibited in Russia since the 17th
November 2014 by the ruling of the
Russian Supreme Court Kiev wants to
disturb to dissociate their slogan from
it's inappropriate origin and to fill it
with a new positive meaning by using the
present political situation so that it
would be viewed as a progressive slogan
and the slogan that fits into the global
agenda be also they try to make links
and historical origin of this slogan
they talk about ruffs Shevchenko pavel
trubiner ski we talk about cossacks and
they mentioned a lot of literature works
that but they don't have any words of
that but if they have it just maybe they
should show it to us because all the
references they make there are certain
phrases separate words but they are not
mentioned as a single phrase again
returning to facts let's use real facts
again facts that we received from the
Russian military Historical Society so
we see that this is a copy from the
German Nazi greeting I'm not going to
voice it here it's just disgusting and
appalling to do here
Julia's just you remember the source of
it we'll provide all the references this
phrases have the same syntax structure
the same stresses I made to the words so
here we are talking about the official
greeting that was adopted by Bandera
members during the second meeting of
Ukrainian nationalists in April 1941 in
occupied Krakov and the document of this
meeting says that the greeting of in
this organization is made by raising the
right hand and by using the phrase glory
to Ukraine and the responses glory to
heroes it's also allowed to use the
short version of the greeting glory
glory
this is the real copy of the German Nazi
version I would like to remind you this
Nazi greeting was widely used in regular
and irregular Ukrainian nationalist
forces most of them were loyal to the
German Reich some of them were part of
their forces in the post-war era the
tradition of Bandera greeting remained
and was actively promoted on the western
Ukraine and it was also used by US
soldiers who were remaining on that part
of Ukraine about these facts from from
this environment and that is where from
this slogan was spreading and these the
roots of the efforts to bleach it and to
separate Ukrainian fascism from the
defendant the defeated German won and as
maximum they wanted to shift the blame
on us I wanted to remind of view crimes
some of that nationalists who invented
the slope three shooting in Babi Yar and
the key of forty four one four years of
1941 1943 few thousands of people were
killed Ukrainians Jewish people Soviet
prisoners in Rome over five thousand
people march 43 suppression of the
National 1944 attracted attention of
many people Western partners
international organizations
organizations publish people for
officials who attracted their attention
to the growth of dangerous growth of
nationalism in Ukraine and revision of
the outcomes of the Second World War
when we speak about that is that not
just global enormous shifts like
declarations documents destruction of
documents and declarations no it's not
that
this is this spread an ideology this is
rehabilitation an attempt to give
special status to what 30 or 40 years
was think about possible to imagine we
call for all those who worried about the
history of the Second World War to
estimate this attempts to make Nazi
assistance and collaborators heroic
there was also address from Latvia from
and Estonia for
Soviet occupation these are not new
claims people are changing Texas are
remain in nothing sensational here
nothing new actually and coming back to
this topic especially on the eve of the
elections I'd like to remind that in
same it will be 1/6 of the soundbar the
3rd of March it will be in Estonia of
2019 it all is in line over the general
course of we're making this issue their
relations worse and public also requires
things like that it is it contradicts to
the common sense official position is
the same Russia does not agree with this
absurd legal historical ground of
occupation of the Soviet Union which are
the essence of this claims material
inter alia all the estimates were made
they were available on the website of
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the
comments were major a long time the
position is in Paris Britain they asked
to comment on return of transborder
moving from Congrats and not in regions
of Poland in course when I was part of
the bank as you know on the 4th of July
2016 Polish side are on the pretext of
increasing the security measures from
NATO summit and the national days of
youth and rocket temporarily seized the
agreement on the local transport the
movements in the part where it refers to
entering the territory of inhabitants of
Kaliningrad region Russia was forced to
take similar measures and stopped
the same activities with Porsche with
Poland which what was the pretext for
that is already over the polish that
doesn't want to unblock the situation it
surprises us all our proposals were made
to come back to the previously a regular
order all they face confrontation no
reactions today Poland does not show
interest in going back to the previous
situation as a result we wanted to be
absolutely sincere here Upson absolutely
open we understand that people are
suffering the both sides of the border
this instrument proved to be positive
for interpersonal contexts and cultural
and economic links millions of people of
the habitants of across the region and
Polish people were using benefi benefits
from this regime and we only regret that
the Polish powers want to keep this
artificial barriers I would also like to
say that starting from 28th of August to
3rd of September in Crimea by purchase
Alaska region fish a camp of national
anti-drug union will open its doors for
15 years over thousand drug addicts
passed through rehabilitation course
other countries contributed to it on the
3rd of August there will be an extended
session on standardization and the tests
and the criteria of work of the rehab on
the platforms of national anti-drug
Union since narcotics Union the event
will be supported by the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs of Russia
representatives of Minister of Health
Gear Minister for Home Affairs will also
be part of the session there will be
roundtable the launch of International
Russian social campaign world without
drugs the hashtag will be in the program
the program will have support events and
we invite the mass media to participate
there too broad to provide information
on that all the contact telephones will
be mentioned in the text of today's
briefing I also like to say that on the
25th of August there will be the 20th
anniversary events diplomatic games
Foreign Affairs representatives of the
diplomatic missions and famous Russian
sportsmen and suppose that there will be
six sports football volleyball
basketball shooting she's shooting
billiards tennis fishing for Australian
all around 40 teams of diplomatic
missions will be there it will be an
interesting cultural programs a good
Russian cuisine and we invite you to
participate there the information you
can find out all the website of vodka
there was also there was also a question
on moving the Russian Tajik Slavic
school and the university to different
different building in Dushanbe we
follow the situation it's a special
school created in 2007 in accordance
with bilateral agreements between the
two countries in this structural part of
Russian Tajik diversity education is
performed in a Russian language or over
1300 the pupils are in the school and it
is considered to be one of the best in
Tajikistan Russian diplomats
hold health consultation with the
leadership of Ministry of Education of
Tajikistan head of the university and
principal of the school it is explained
by the plans of building new building of
the school and in the same address
products professors of the school
wonderful experts will be completely
preserved and we hope that the
transition period takes too long
2019 2020 school will start in you
building an historic place I also wanted
to say Arctic Convoys 1941-1945 most of
them were formed in Iceland first and
the eastern coast and the Western the
16th of August an initiative of Russian
regional public organization all our
convoy from Cespedes broken and the
Embassy of Russia in Reykjavik an
international conference was held on
this heroic page of the Second World War
and now additional inform you that the
veterans of party convoys delivered
species their relatives descendants of
heroes representatives representatives
of scientific
the Ambassador also says he delivered
his welcome speech mister vassily and
former president of Iceland Crimson
memorandum the Brotherhood of Allied
convoys Association and information
later and forward announced a question
on briefing with disappearing in the
fact that quintillion ship disappeared
and the information which we have I want
to say that coming from Portal Amer to
the territorial waters of the world
quickly owned tanker until Eon
disappeared under the flag to citizens
of Russia are members of the crew
according to embassy lib revealed the
search did not give any results which
were performed by the ministry of Gabon
now the tanker is searched by Coast
Guard of the neighboring countries and
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia is
keeping hand on that keep in control
that I am ready to answer your questions
if you have any please feel free choice
him over 4,000 troops next to the
western board so it was told that it is
done to hold any aggression it's
exclusively defensive the West they
start thinking about a biological
explanation of their activities and
that's official representative
naturally not comment on training camp
in Romanian and tank brigade deployment
of in Poland of the US can you comment
on that this is traditional news from
the part absurd news like potential what
kind of pretend potential threats can be
how did they calculated what I was
peeking what are they speaking about
it's not clear absolutely it's the logic
of deploy calculation of how many troops
and where they should be deployed to
protect from nobody knows what an
absolutely absurd thing thing we spoke
about that and we are also faced the
situation is strengthening and reforming
and boosting military continent's
military aspect in Europe is absolutely
contrary productive to the stability and
balance of powers in our common
continent it does not bring any
constructive openness to already
complicated dialogue and the goals are
absolutely not clear the question is not
only to us and it's a question to them
how do they the inhabitants of the
countries which are members of because
it's not free to understand what is done
it's quite expensive requires many
efforts I spend taxpayers money but the
most absurd thing is methodology of
calculation they were speaking about
political reactions for many times and
bear in mind that specific answers can
be heard what it is done for they have
something some calculates its reaction
on potential threat I wanted to say that
on the
can be explained by the word absurd
constantly stresses mediator role of
Moscow in settlement but we see that
Moscow platform the last meeting of
heads of ministers of Foreign Affairs of
Russia Azerbaijan and Armenia was held
like one and a half years ago how it can
be explained and because Russia is a
strategic partner and Ally for
Azerbaijan Armenia soon will there be in
this format some meetings in during the
year if the plan will definitely inform
you our mediator efforts are continuing
and we are contacts in the part of the
parties in various formats that's
basically what we have for today u.s.
president on the national security of
settlement of Syrian Arab Republic The
Situation's condition of withdrawal of
those resources I've already said we're
at reach with what purpose America
deploys their forces who did they agree
on that they are deployed outside the
legal framework and when you expect some
international obligations performance of
international obligations for mothers
you should you have to start living
yourself and in the context of Syrian
settlement we have to ask a question to
the specific representatives of the
youth as what are the grounds of their
military forces they why they have
military forces allocated there what are
they doing what role they're playing
in silico from the mid middle of the
month the Japanese delegation had to be
in a gorilla but it never happens can
you give the reasons why never happened
and one more question the company found
out that Japanese businessmen were
refused to enter the report the reasons
for that I can say that in accordance
with Russian Japanese agreements on top
level and 16th indeed it was planned
this visit will plant the third Japanese
business mission on southern islands
contrary to the previous first the goal
was to hold specific discussion in place
with the representatives of business
communities of the two countries of
future joint activities in that
territory on five of dimensions approved
by the leaders of Russia and Japan
aquaculture greenhouse in packet tours
recycling there had to be held some
practical seminars on canary clear in
the situation in this regard
Russian delegation was formed needed by
the head off'n commercial aspects all
joint activity which was created within
the profile negotiations and the level
of deputy ministers of Foreign Affairs
and the Department of multilateral
economic cooperation special projects
Natalya stuff in economic development
freshman and Alistair piranha but due to
weather conditions the Russian
delegation which was in business affairs
could not fly to the islands at the same
time
there was delay in departure of Japanese
emissions from the monoi bear that in
mind they took a decision to shift it to
to postpone it the trip to the Japanese
side was offered to agree on and the US
that this meeting will not lead to peace
in Afghanistan the u.s. try to bring
Afghanistan to peace on their own
nothing happens that's why now
international community has to deal with
this topical actually because it did not
add stability to the region and
unfortunately instability in the volumes
which were announced by the by
Washington and in accordance with the
obligations which were taken by this
country the conference their conference
we gave verifications on the website
today the issue of composition and
members of the conference is in process
as soon as we get official response from
Kabul used by diplomatic
contacts on the participation we will
definitely comment on that
what the options on the sanctions in the
US and what sanctions were imposed
recently not the first time we discuss
issues they have to be based on some
fact illogical theoretical on sanctions
new sanctions updated sanctions
corrected as you know unfortunately we
respond that we do not comment the
working process and elaboration of this
decision taking these decisions but this
responses are adequate and we stress
always trust that it's not how it's not
our choices which are taken by Russian
initiative it's always always a response
40 year anniversary or from a small and
we wanted to invite you and we people
diplomacy's play the invitation
excepted unfortunate of September there
will be an official opening of Russian
memorials in the valley of glory as sign
of gratitude for our freedom the second
second question sanctions report
applying to Russia in future
interference in elections does it mean
that the u.s. planning to fake blames
means fresh see no I see no reason in
preparing a new campaign the existing
one has already proven its efficiency as
for blaming in some future since that's
something surreal to blame somebody on
something that never happened to yet and
try to blame somebody as for invitation
thank you indeed I will definitely
consider it and will agree with my if
you have finding more questions if you
don't have it thank you and have a good
day see you next time
