American journalist has published a new
investigation exposing Washington's
efforts to interfere with the internal
affairs of countries around the world
and undermine rival governments max
Blumenthal went to an event organized by
the National Endowment for democracy
it's a non-profit NGO that was founded
in 1983 and is supported by both the
Democratic and Republican parties
currently it operates in more than 90
countries the National Endowment for
democracy says its work aims to help
non-governmental groups promote
democracy in those places and Blumenthal
couldn't help but notice some parallels
I covered the ceremony because these
organizations are doing exactly what
Congress accuses Russia funded media
outlets and troll farms of doing in the
United States they interfere in other
countries politics and with foreign
money the only difference is they do it
openly and in the name of spreading
freedom activists at the meeting were
quite clear on their agenda as they
explained to max Blumenfeld so once
again I'd like to express our sincere
gratitude to bipartisan support and also
US Congress people as well and US
citizens eventually we are doing this
work with the US citizens tax Americans
have no idea that they're funding an
organization that's explicitly dedicated
to meddling in other countries Affairs
interfering in elections toppling often
democratically elected leaders and
spreading public relations campaigns to
sow chaos against countries that resist
Washington's agenda but here you have
kind of open acknowledgement from this
Korean activist who's behind the
transitional justice working group which
was responsible for a lot of what
Congress states and knows about North
Korea's supposed human rights violations
so basically the United States is paying
for its own findings to ramp up
sanctions and hostility against North
Korea and what's really interesting
about this event that I attended in
Capitol Hill is that it was timed to
coincide with the Trump Kim summit it
was essentially a US government backed
event undermining
a US government initiative to foster
peace between North and South Korea and
that to me seems like almost in a form
of internal interference you think that
the National Endowment for democracy if
if there is a peace treaty that they
should cease funding civil society
groups that seek a transition or regime
change no I say I don't know that that's
what they do but I do know that they
promote human rights wherever they I
mean for example if Russia were funding
civil society groups inside the US I'm
not going to any hyper zones I support
the work they do I think it's it's
pretty obvious I mean two things are
going on there first of all you have
these activists and organizations that
are funded by the National Endowment for
democracy the u.s. regime change arm in
South Korea who are dedicated to regime
change in North Korea really worried
that the money's gonna stop rolling in
from Washington if there is a peace
treaty
so basically conflict is an entire
industry and it's part of this fake
human rights and democracy promotion
industry so Pelosi wanted to duck that
issue and then the other issue she wants
to duck is the sheer hypocrisy of
supporting an organization that funds
civil society groups and opposition
media to topple governments in so chaos
and sovereign countries while
complaining that for example this
Network RT does that in the United
States and that's exactly what Nancy
Pelosi and her colleagues in Congress do
every day when confronted with the issue
there's nothing they can do but deflect
and run away as Pelosi did a lot of what
we do today was done covertly 25 years
ago by the CIA it's even more the case
since the color revolution model has
been introduced and what the NE D does
is what the CIA might have done to
Salvador Allende in Chile but they do so
overtly and therefore avoid a lot of the
scrutiny from Congress it looks like
they're funding democracy and legitimate
protests but they're directing their
resources exclusively against countries
that resist Washington's economic and
political agenda it's an extension of
the CIA but it seems like it's pushing
human rights and things that Americans
can get behind and that's why they
received so little scrutiny from the
public it's very clever actually
you
