Mikey's facing a backlash in the UK
after releasing a controversial garment
with some of their saying the company's
actually cashing in on gang culture with
it
it's a balaclava it's got an attachment
in fact that could be clipped away for
easy transit the marketeers say it's
also got a pocket that some say could be
used as a holder for a weapon Britain
has seen the backdrop to this a surge in
knife crime in recent years so there's
multiple stabbings every day around the
country a massive gang problem that's
getting worse by the day and Nike has
released this 70 pound balaclava are
they dumb Nike are using a black guy to
promote a balaclava with straps and
pockets where there is blood there is
money
now Nike are endorsing gun and knife
crime as well as enforcing racial
profiling well done
why exactly are you promoting a
balaclava in July if this was in winter
at least it's hard to criticize they've
been 35,000 recorded knife crimes in the
UK over the last two years the highest
amount since the data became available
and more than 1/5 of those arrested for
carrying a knife for youngsters he's
part of social media comedian white
yardie who posted a video on Instagram
bashing Nike for this controversial
headgear listen to me Naik our Nike
whatever we entrepreneurs it listen to
me yes it is something no way yeah so
tell me Sedgwick because right now it
looked like you're targeting the young
people who are involved in gun crime and
with all these recent stabbings that
we've been seeing right now in London
this is definitely something we know
alpha see these are serious people
correct no we need to protect we youths
and it looked like Naik wanna exploit
the youth no night don't do it garlic
Paki
don't put it all out there I live in
Seoul on gonna get me and a lot of these
killings that have been happening
recently
I like ten minutes away from my house
they came up with the wrong timing with
this not only that is this something
appropriate they should be making
because yes there's balaclavas we know
this balaclavas right
there's many stores you can go into and
buy a balaclava
this one just seemed a bit more military
looking I don't think this was a great
idea you should get stopped why would
you shouldnt get stopped because why
you have that over your face what are
you hiding from yes I mean well so gays
reaction to Nikes new training garment
from people in London too
could be sort of a sportsman like a
climber could be also terrorist my
immediate reaction is terrorists first
it's a bit scary but at the same time
what do you scare it might be just a
sport equipment you find a menacing no
no the problem is I'm from Canada so all
I think of is someone being warmed to me
it could be a good winter I'd outfit
he's not appealing to me at all I don't
think you'd be allowed in banks in it
it's not just much that bit it's like
what's going on down as if these could
have I don't know you can sort of
associate them with weapons guns bullets
something like that why they're trying
to cover the fair's like I don't see why
you would you wouldn't want to have his
face out he's not inviting it's not like
he's gonna make you to buy your night
you know the you know the branded name I
don't think it's really a fashion police
I think they might have done it to cause
the little bitty controversy I think
it's good too
make profit on the back of that kind of
image encouraged more gangsters and
stuff yeah of course there's nothing to
do with Nike if they don't get it from
naked ain't gonna get it from somewhere
else it's definitely not something I'd
wanna wear or be seen around with people
wearing the company says new products
available in multiple markets around the
world adding that it does not encourage
gang culture in any way it's also no
removed the sold out item from its
website youth and anti violence activist
Paul McKenzie told his companies like
Nike those should bear more social
responsibility they're worn by skiers
and snowboarders I agree and I fully
agree with that but they're also being
worn by gangs in London and they'll also
be used to cover the faces of known gang
members a lot of the young people I work
with are now buying these balaclavas and
I'm actually seeing these balaclavas on
a day to day basis and I'm seeing them
being worn by children who do not ski or
do not snowboard they actually go out
and use those in their crimes and the
way that young people look at the use of
a balaclava now as part of a gang of
this part of gang attire now my opinion
these brands need to be a little bit
more socially responsible when your
brand is so desirable and when there is
a trend at the moment of young people
killing themselves in London who were
using things like balaclavas to hide
their faces on a day to day basis
you
