sanctions is definitely the buzzword in
Washington this Tuesday with yet more
calls to tighten restrictions against
Russia over a series of issues for which
Moscow is being blamed now our us
correspondents are across the
developments we have Caleb Maupin in New
York and Samir Khan in Washington DC
Caleb the British Foreign Secretary is
on his first official visit to America
but he's got Russia and his science
hasn't he yes now we heard him speak to
the US Peace Institute he made his
remarks and essentially he called for
more hostility to Russia in essence and
it's interesting because his speech was
actually leaked to the press ahead of
time so people knew what he was going to
say before he said it then he followed
the draft of his speech that was leaked
pretty pretty closely let's review some
of his remarks those who don't share our
values need to know that there will
always be a serious price to pay if red
lines are crossed and today the United
Kingdom asks its allies to go further by
calling on the European Union to ensure
its sanctions against Russia are
comprehensive and that we truly stand
shoulder to shoulder with the US now
just two weeks ago we saw new sanctions
imposed on Russia by the United States
in response to the accusation about the
involvement in the chemical weapons
attack sergey skripnikov a limit
financing and exports they specifically
ban the sale of national security goods
that are sensitive like technology that
the second round the tougher round that
will come into force in November it
could include the banking sector
restrictions on imports and it would
actually suspend diplomatic relation so
and actually terminate flights between
the two countries now Moscow has said
that this amounts to economic warfare
against Russia this is what has been the
response disgusted
Russia will consider retaliatory
measures in response to yet more adverse
steps from Washington in light of this
the confirmation by the US
administration of its readiness to keep
improving relations with Russia just
looks ridiculous it's a blatant
hypocrisy if something follows something
like a restriction of the operations of
Russian banks or the use of foreign
currency it can be called for what it is
a declaration of economically and it'll
be necessary to respond to this war with
economic political or if necessary other
methods now it's still an open question
whether the USA the UK and the European
Union will all fall into line against
Russia when we are as of yet having
waiting to see any solid evidence to
back up the accusations that are
justifying these new sanctions and
economic attacks caleb Maupin reporting
live from New York thank you for that
update now meanwhile the US Treasury has
frozen millions of dollars worth of
Russian assets our Washington
correspondent Sameer Khan has more on
that
Samara it's getting harder to keep up
with the rate of sanctions Washington's
imposing what do we know about this
latest statement from the Treasury
well the Treasury Department did explain
it all in its statement saying that
these efforts have been taken in order
to counter Russia's efforts to challenge
the US and its allies listing a few
examples including the occupation of
Crimea subverting Western democracies
enabling the Assad regime just to name a
few now in the statement the Treasury
Department also reiterated how well
their sanctions have been going saying
quote the Treasury's Russia sanctions
program is among our most effective and
impactful since January 2017 this
administration has sanctioned 217
Russian related individuals and entities
for a broad range of activities check
out what else was said
the bread and brazenness of Russia's
malign conduct demands a firm and
vigorous response our actions are
imposing an unprecedented level of
financial pressure on those supporting
the Kremlin's malign agenda and on key
sectors of the Russian economy though
Russia's malign activities continue its
adventurism undoubtedly has been checked
by the knowledge that we can bring even
more economic pain to bear using our
powerful range of authorities and that
we will not hesitate to do so if its
conduct does not demonstrably and
significantly change now while these
sanctions are effective that's what the
u.s. claims they come at a pretty steep
price not only do they impact the US but
they also impact Europe and the European
Commission had a few words of course US
policies are impacting on German foreign
trade individual companies are grinding
their teeth and are severely affected
German companies fear a short-term loss
of ongoing business operations worth
hundreds of millions of euros
furthermore the short term termination
of contracts with suppliers for example
could lead to production losses along
the entire production chain since a
replacement of equal quality has to be
found first America first cannot mean
that Europe's interests come lost the
fear is that American policy would
restrict the behavior of European
companies and impact energy policymaking
within the EU
Europe's energy supply is a matter for
Europe and not the United States of
America even though Trump says that he
wants to improve relations with Russia
it seems that Washington doesn't really
want that to happen
you
