CNN presenter Chris Cuomo has sparked
controversy for saying on-air that
violence coming from the left-wing
anti-fur movement in the u.s. is more
morally justified than violence which
comes from the far right the comments
were made a day after anti-fur had minor
clashes with police and journalists
while countering a white nationalist
rally in Washington all punches are not
equal drawing a moral equivalency
between those espousing hate and those
fighting it because they both resort to
violence emboldened hate legitimizes
hateful belief and elevates what should
be stamped out ok well let's discuss
this a bit further now with two guests
at Anthony Brian Logan he's a political
and social issues commentator and also
Anika's and playwright Brenton L'Engle
they're both with us and you're both
very welcome chaps I'm Anthony let's
start with you what was your reaction to
what Chris Cuomo said there well I was
pretty surprised at what he said but
then again I know what seeing in so I'm
not really that surprised but here's the
thing ante for every time I see them on
television they seem to be getting some
kind of fight some kind of altercation
it always seems to come from them it
doesn't matter if they're fighting hate
or whatever they claim you can't put
your hands on somebody and then hide
behind some kind of moral high-ground
don't touch people if you don't want to
be touched that's really just as simple
as that it doesn't matter what political
affiliation the other person is keep
your hands to yourself that should be
the moral or the story but Chris Chris
Cuomo whoever did not see it that way
apparently she will print and that's
bringing you now I mean violence is
violence isn't it it's just wrong it
doesn't matter who does it yes I will
actually agree with that I am a Buddhist
actually and violence even if it's the
most justified and righteous violence
that you can have it still creates
negative karma it is still a very
problematic thing to use so it's
something that should be diverted to
only when it's absolutely necessary that
said in the case of an tyfa versus
white nationalists I mean there's really
no comparison between the two what
nationalists here in the united states
murders by white nationalists have
doubled since Trump took office they are
the number one domestic terror group
with the exception that the number one
that that targets civilians the only
bigger domestic terror group is
sovereign citizens and they mostly kill
cops so many people on the right that
aren't violence you can't just tie them
all here yeah I'm talking about specific
groups I'm talking about sovereign
citizens which are the biggest cop
killers in the country and I'm talking
specifically about white nationalists
there are plenty of people on the right
who are wonderful people I've got family
on the right my father's on the right
but you know he's not a Nazi okay and
Brenton I just want to get your thoughts
further on what's a Chris Cuomo said
what do you think he was trying to say
because on the face of it he's sort of
saying it sounds like it's okay to
commit violence if you're on the left
but if you're on the right I'm sorry
it's wrong I didn't really take it that
way the problem there is that I think he
tried to frame it in left versus right
issues and I don't think that's right
because first of all fascism is not
really a left-right thing fascism is a
fascist thing and fascists will say or
claim whatever to gain power for
themselves right now they are associated
with the right through the election of
Donald Trump and that's one of the
reasons in my opinion why their killings
have doubled but you know they aren't
they don't they do not represent the
right in general and I think most people
on the right absolutely would not agree
with what they do okay Anthony just your
reaction to what we said there are soo
sorry laughing probably sarcastically at
times yeah that was pretty interesting
here's the thing about it these dainty
food people really are what they purport
themselves to be against they're talking
about being anti-fascist but a lot of
their action mirrors that of what was on
a Mussolini's time with a whole black
situation it seems like they're doing
the same thing I'm not saying that
they're exactly the same as what was
going on back then in Italy but a lot of
their tactics seems to mirror what they
were doing just because just because
somebody is hateful in your eyes does
not mean that it's okay or somehow
to fight at all to hurt them you can't
say order violence or it may be
justified no it's not if somebody does
not put their hands on you you cannot
put your hands on them it's very simple
if you put your hands on somebody then
that person has a right to defend
themselves but and so at that point you
should be able to have a fair exchange
of ideas see we have freedom of speech
in this country you can say things that
offend people and I have the rights of
respond in kind but I can't put my hands
on you there's no justification or
excuse in any kind of you know freedom
of speech protects you from the state it
protects you from the cops putting you
in jail for what you say and I'm 100%
behind that because we can't trust the
state with that power to jail whoever
that said this freedom of speech does
not mean that everything you say needs
to be tolerated you know you talk about
don't put your hands on somebody well
you know if there's somebody that wears
a mask attacks dangerous people without
personal provocation and puts their
hands on them you know who it is it's
Batman anti fuh is a they are doing the
same things that a lot of our
superheroes do I'm not calling them
superheroes but I'm saying this type of
behavior is justified in our society
violence can be used to prevent greater
violence and there is nothing greater
than people who advocate genocide I mean
once again if you if you want to talk
about anti right in their entire history
they have never killed a single person
not one guy but whatever the opinions
are Branson it's it boils down to the
law doesn't it it's against the law to
commit violence against another
individual yeah of course but the law
does not dictate morality the law is
just the law
now if you'll say like if you're an anti
fuh person and you go out and you get
into a fight and you get caught by the
cops sorry you got caught you know and I
would say that if I was in the position
of a cop or a judge I would have to
carry out that whatever sentence seemed
fair I might be a little bit more
understanding because of the
circumstances and that's where mercy
comes in with justice okay you know the
law and morality are completely
different okay let me just ask you both
of you another question here
Anthony why are we seeing so much talk
of violence when okay there are
political divisions people have
different opinions but now we're seeing
much more not just a general debate
about politics it soon boils down to
violence and concerns about violence why
have we reached this stage do you think
Anthony I think some people are afraid
of where the creature is going so
they're reacting in an emotional way
these ain't seafood people they saw
don't get elected so they feel like I
don't know maybe they're somehow in
danger of being eliminated although
there's no real evidence of that they
may feel that way so then they go wow
and act in a certain way that is totally
irrational many people talking to Bo
oh well it's morally acceptable to hurt
those who were talking about hey but
what about the innocent people obviously
members of the media get attacked by an
T for T fo it's trying to help them and
their Co in many ways but the media is
being attacked by then you see school
teachers I'm not finished you see people
that are people of color as the left
likes to call them being attacked by
these individuals because of their
political opinions so I don't really
understand this whole thing about well
it's okay it's somehow justified for the
violence that NC 4 does because most of
the time when I see them engaging this
violence against those who just have
different points of view or innocent
bystanders these people are just afraid
they're cowards and they're acting in a
way that is totally rational because of
their fear sure let's bring in Brenton
and Brenton do you feel that political
debates become more violent now is this
something you you're failing or is it
just sensational aspects of media
reporting you know I'd have to see the
statistics on that you know we have seen
a outbreak in street fighting between
fascists and anti-fascists that
absolutely has happened and that's
happened previously during the rise of
fascism you know you're talking about
the black shirts who did the black
shirts fight they fought the Communists
they fought the anarchists they fought
anybody that stood in their way to take
power same thing with the brown shirts
same thing with the fascists in Spain so
the street fighting is new I think that
says
you know the violent rhetoric this is a
violent world we live in America is a
violent nation people it's it's in our
media it's in our entertainment it's in
our movies it's all over the place so I
would really have to see the statistics
to see if things are safer or worse does
it concern you where things have reached
at the moment in America I mean you talk
pretty calmly whenever we speak to you
and you seem pretty reserved about it
all but are you concerned about the way
political debate is going well I am
kinda concerned about the direction that
the left is headed in I really feel bad
for my brothers and sisters on the left
because I feel like they're just not
really understanding what's going on in
the country those that are just the
extremes because the average everyday
person they don't really catch much
about politics they're just trying to go
to work take care of themselves and
their families then I really understand
what's going on in this political world
but you have a lot of people who are out
there who are becoming afraid fearful
and they exist in echo chambers and then
they go out here and commit acts of
violence so for those groups of people
I feel concerned for and I felt like
they're gonna be doing this type of
thing until maybe they just figure out
what's really happening in their country
and I'm not cool I'm not quite sure when
that point will actually come sure and
Brenton just the final few seconds to
you there and how would you sum up the
political debate and the situation in
America at the moment you know it
reminds me of something that one of the
major all right figures augustus sol
invictus said in a debate with caleb
martin our t-zone caleb Morphin and he
said at the end of this debate politics
is when you stop talking and you pick up
a gun there is a hard core of very very
dangerous people that are currently
trying to undermine our democracy and
are trying to inflict terror on people
that they think don't deserve to live
we've got Adam Waffen in Florida that
we're building bombs
you've got the murder of Heather hare in
Charlottesville you've got the murders
of those two men on the train in
Portland you have the murder of the of
the unfortunate black gentlemen
by the neo-nazi with the Gladius here in
new york killed him with a sword the
thing between left and right violence is
that left violence and it's terrible
when it happens happens within a
revolutionary context it happens within
the context of a war that is going on
but with Nazis not right wingers but
Nazis they attack as soon as they think
they can get away with it is why their
murders doubled brendensen trump was
elected i'm gonna have to wrap it up
there's be no good to talk to you both
you appreciate your time saving there
was an anthony brian logan and also
Brenton L'Engle thank you
