Oh Canada uh we'll the Maple Leafs win
the Stanley Cup that's all they care
about around this joint here we are in
Toronto Stacy what's happening hey max
we recorded in this location once before
right after the u.s. elections when
President Donald Trump was elected and
of course we were here to see the influx
of American refugees the Democrats but
they never did arrive but we're still
here and I just want to remind everybody
that there is of course a little airport
right downtown in central Toronto and
you may occasionally hear a plane land
you will also see many Canadian Geese
some of them have come over here quite
aggressively they do yeah yeah I have
some headlines here that I want to talk
about because of course we are here for
some sort of Bitcoin blockchain sort of
conference and why are all these things
happening why do we have Bitcoin why do
we have cryptocurrencies why do we have
Donald Trump why do we have breaks it
why do we have all these things well it
all started with Kaiser report talking
about it because of the financial
collapse headline reads the financial
crisis cost every American seventy
thousand dollars fed study says America
never made up the growth it lost in the
2008 global financial crisis and the
recession it triggered a decade later US
households are still counting the cost
so we're below the 2007 trend and that
equals $70,000 per household right well
let's uh can I kind of go on and talk
about this for a moment here so the
response to the 2008 crisis was that the
global bankers got together they
reaaargh attacked at the global
financial system to withstand a ten-time
the impact financial crisis in the
future they did nothing however to
undercut the ability for the bad actors
the global banks to increase their
balance sheets in the leverage by ten
times and now here we are in 2018 and in
fact now the balance sheet of these
banks in the central banks is ten times
more leveraged and now we're at the
threshold where they were unable to
expand a tree architect to withstand a
crisis at 11 times the previous crisis
which is what we're entering
remember that famous movie where they
had to turn crank up the volume to 11
that's where we are
final spinal tap we're at 11 on the
crisis level and there is no provisions
for massive global financial collapse as
we're now seeing with the dollar
skyrocketing out of control and so it's
back to good times and you are right
Bitcoin was created to combat the
banksters and in this crisis in this
crisis now unfolding we'll see that I'm
not shaking the dog I'm shaking my torso
great I'm not we'll see the price now
assume up to that hundred thousand
target I've had since 2011 okay so now
back to this story because we're gonna
talk we have been talking about the fact
that in the US mainstream media the
corporate media they do not like to talk
about why we have Trump in the UK they
don't like to ask why we have brexit
they'd like to come up with conspiracy
theories instead and again we invite you
to go to MSNBC and Fox and CNN I'll look
at their conspiracy theories and enjoy
them or not or like believe them or not
but some facts might also have relevance
to why people are so angry and they want
to kick the elite in the teeth over and
over even if it means taking down the
global economy because if that global
economy is not working for them they're
probably thinking why should it work for
those top 1% we have shown those that
famous study where they have two monkeys
and cages next to each other you give
one monkey a carrot he's happy he'll eat
it you give the other monkey a grape and
suddenly that monkey that was perfectly
happy with a carrot before I seize the
the other monkey gets a better tastier
grape and he goes crazy and he starts
slamming everything and throwing all his
food over that's an excellent point just
to briefly build on that so the vote I'm
break soon when I talk to the British
people about it I said you know this is
economic suicide and they said I don't
care I just want to kick the elites on
the teeth so what you're saying is the
key that could be applied to the globe
where people just reject this global
economy wholesale and start to commit
financial suicide which I think we will
see well here they're saying the average
American
family is $70,000 worse off today than
they would have been had things
continued as it were in 2007 we know
that the likes of Jamie Dimon is now a
billionaire we know that Lloyd Blankfein
is a billionaire we know that we have we
there's construction going on so our
whole crew looks very shocked that
there's a noise off screen but just so
you know we're out in the public that's
my food truck I'm having some fresh
Canadian bacon delivered for lunch so
but we know the top 1% have done a lot
better than the the path was in 2007
because if the ordinary household in
America had $70,000 more cash that means
they would have less at the top right
excellent point because the crisis
magically put together you know this
enormous wealth redistribution up to the
top so that wasn't was it a crisis or
was that it was that planned obviously
planned so again like if you tuned into
corporate media if you tuned into the
mainstream media they're very confused
about what is going on why people are so
angry because Saint Obama to them was a
great president Obamacare even though it
cost some people like us $30,000 a year
for product that doesn't actually cover
you that you know it's all better for
the long run now I'm gonna look at
another headline here that you and I
have been covering as well and remember
Obama when he came in during the
financial crisis said that we have to go
forward not look back and we need to not
punish these bankers because we need to
move forward the economy isn't a bad
place so we're gonna look at our B s
Royal Bank of Scotland and what they did
in America and now they're just paying a
fine to resolve this so RBS bankers
joked about destroying the US housing
market RBS bankers joked about
destroying the US housing market after
making millions by trading loans that
staff described as total garbage
according to transcripts released as
part of a four point nine billion dollar
settlement with US prosecutors
tales of internal conversations at the
bank emerged just weeks before the
ten-year anniversary of the financial
crisis which saw RBS rescued with a
forty five billion dollar bailout from
the UK government so UK taxpayers which
by the way their incomes are even lower
ten years after the crisis than American
incomes they build out their banks
nobody went to prison remember the FCA
and the United Kingdom only a week or
two ago the financial conduct authority
said there was no evidence that they
couldn't prosecute they had no authority
to prosecute RBS for their global
restructuring groups smashing and
grabbing the assets of all the small and
medium sized enterprises here senior
executives and we'll go over some of
their quotes they were saying these
swear words that are going to be bleeped
out so you the audience don't get to
hear what they're actually saying about
the stuff they're selling you and
destroying your economy that everybody
is now $70,000 worse off well I mean
sounding the alarm on this for years and
usually I'm you know my wings get
clipped in some by some degree you know
that you can't say anything really
outrageous about RBS or these bankers
because you know it's not cool or it's
uncouth to describe them and the way
that I have described them in the past
but clearly Royal Bank of Scotland you
know when they're attacking British
people that's one thing because who
cares
British people they're the micro dirt of
garbage who cares but when they attack
Americans like this that's obviously an
act of war and American you know we
tolerate less from Iran we tolerate less
from China we tolerate less from our
perceived enemies that Trump is raging
out about that we are at a trade war
where an economic war Iran apparently is
our enemy according to Trump and we
should bomb them and we should bomb
Syria whatever okay RBS and Britain are
financially attacking Americans in
real-time with acts of war acts of
financial terrorism so it's very simple
that I I mean I don't know how to make
it any any simpler than this I mean
these people are have once again
remember everybody in the world is angry
and nobody in the elite media
understands why they think it's a
conspiracy theory and they prefer that
because it's simple but with
don't want to look at their friends
because look at how senior this is let
me give you a quote and tell you who
this is cuz you were a banker max I'm
gonna read you from this article the
bank's chief credit officer so pretty
senior right
remember Eric Holder who now wants to
run for president in 2020 he was the US
Attorney General at the time he said
there was nothing you could really you
couldn't really prove they did anything
wrong nothing was technically illegal
Obama himself said that nothing was
technically illegal the bank's chief
credit officer in the u.s. referred to
selling investors products backed by
total fuckin garbage loans with fraud
that was so rampant and all random those
are quotes from him he knew that there
was fraudulent loans in these packages
that he then sold they included the
article the Department of Justice in the
United States said they they for example
sold this chief credit officer sold this
package of garbage to some nuns who lost
96% of their investment well this is how
I messed up the UK is so if someone
quotes from the bankers then the bankers
can sue you for libel for quoting them
yeah verbatim but but they also like
they litter all of their crimes and
their confessions to crimes and these
internal emails with swear words that
you can't say on the airwaves so you
don't even know what they're saying
about your product like what they've
done to you why remember the first
article I said that the US fed
themselves their own research shows that
every American household the $70,000
were so usually when article you see the
RBS the chief credit officer for the
United States was mocking that they were
destroying the US housing market when is
America gonna get smart I mean in the
voters voted in Trump to tear down the
system the voters voted and breaks it to
tear to destroy the system because if
these people are the system this chief
credit officer for the United States is
friends with Obama is friends with Eric
Holder maybe not personally but they are
the same ilk so they you have to take
down the whole system and
perhaps you know this is one analysis
we're offering you can tune in to Rachel
Maddow's doubt connecting you know she
has some wacky conspiracy theories that
might you know Glenn Beck Stein Oh
elaborate other stuff but rather than
this stuff happening on the ground and
their emails that they're they're saying
hahaha we I mean one of the emails talks
about specifically the guy says well I
wouldn't say I'm destroying the US
housing market but maybe just like
damaging it quite a bit like he says
that like he's doing this okay well you
know that banker mentality is what
destroyed Greece they took it down for a
profit it's what they they are attacking
Italy and other nations for the same
reason they attack Iran okay Iran is a
sweetheart compared to Royal Bank of
Scotland yeah so anyway you know this is
many Americans promise to come here to
Toronto they never did all the elites
the sort of people that are on Saturday
Night Live or MSNBC they promise to come
here because they couldn't understand
why people voted for Trump
they still don't understand but now they
have a comforting conspiracy theory just
like you know after 9/11 many Americans
tuned in to comforting conspiracy
theories then well now the elites have
comforting conspiracy theories and
that's why they're not living here in
Toronto oh my god well much more coming
your way
right after the break so don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Anthony
Diorio he is the CEO and founder of D
central and Jax and the co-founder of a
theory I'm Anthony welcome thanks for
having me
all right so the history of Bitcoin you
know January 3rd 2009 the protocol was
launched by 2011 he had individuals in
different countries got the message and
they become the the pillars of those
countries the Titans of those countries
in this space and part of that first
wave of 10 or 15 adopters who really
defined the space and I think it's fair
to say that when he talked Canada
Anthony Daurio is Bitcoin Canada and you
have a very esteemed place in this
community that's really remarkable and
when people say that you are the
co-founder of aetherium and you many
people claim to be co-founder of a
theory but you actually are a co-founder
of a theory and you were here in Toronto
with vitalik and just kind of walk us
through how that all happened sure so I
in 2012 heard about Bitcoin changed my
life right away I've been a technology
guy all my life and I put together a few
recent years of studying economics and
learning how things are really working
and learning about what money was and
really digging into that and then I but
I've had a history of decades of
technology so I was eight years old
building computers and I went to school
for business but just always been a
computer guy business guy entrepreneur
and then when doing the economics and
hearing Bitcoin like this is the the
Holy Grail this is I understood it right
away and grasped it so I set up the
Toronto Bitcoin meetup group in 2012 and
that's where I met metallic the first
meetup I I ever did he was there along
with the eight other people and through
that next year got to know him well and
he showed me the white paper right when
I was setting up my hub in Toronto
called G central and he showed it to me
I showed it to Charles Hoskinson and we
started it I funded it initially up
until the crowd sale it's mostly myself
and Joseph Lubin Toronto and D central
became the first hub for a theory I'm
here we ended up setting these up in
Switzerland but yeah there's those
planes we've been talking about yeah
that's fantastic
so those are all first very key names in
this space Charles Hoskinson and and
Batak Joe Lubin and you know you talk
about
is there still a lot of chat between you
and Vitalik on these guys in China
shepherding this industry going forward
because now that you've all become you
know successful and if you look at the
the Forbes list of crypto folks you know
certainly you have to say mega
successful but is there still a lot of
like chatter amongst you guys and you
have a certain responsibility to these
to this industry oh definitely
definitely the industry yeah I talked to
a number those guys still and my focus
turned away from aetherium and 2015 to
continue building wallets which is what
my company does we build wallet called
jacks
and we support Bitcoin aetherium all the
other like about 70 different ones right
now so I went more of a after a theorem
into try to support the entire ecosystem
and I didn't want to just put all my
eggs in one thing so but still a big fan
of Bitcoin big fan of a theorem and
trying to bring everybody together and
unite this whole ecosystem and really
bring it forward so so during this
recent price dip you know is the
adoption rate continuing what are we
seeing during this period typically in
the past when we've had price declines
that the work continues is that a fair
characterization and we still seeing
development going on yeah we're still
seeing things happening but it does make
it difficult for a lot of companies when
when things go down to you know a
fraction of what it was when when you're
down you know some something like 90
percent 80 percent it's a lot it's a lot
for companies we dealing with and it
really changes their plans at what they
do but people are still plugging away
there's a lot of institutional money
coming to the space right now and it
really shakes what people don't grasp
what's really coming here and they're
just in it only for the the market
pricing or only for that so it makes
behooves me to ask you about the cerium
so you know it is a coin that folks are
saying they're not necessarily
encouraged by the scaling possibilities
you have the the crypto kiddies seems to
be a fair application on it but is it
where's the what's the roadmap on on
aetherium going forward how do you see
that I I'm not so sure I'm not so sure I
haven't been following very much
recently and because I support so many
of the products that we do it's very
difficult for me to be keeping on track
what's going on with many different ones
I kind of leave that up to those guys
doing that there's definitely scaling
problems right now there's other
projects that are trying to solve it in
steering's trying to solve it itself but
I think over the next couple years
scaling problems will be will be figured
out and I think right now it's holding
back a lot of the benefits that we're
gonna see
from these technologies because they
aren't scalable right now but I think
these problems will be solved there's
tons of projects working on scaling and
working on different types of platforms
and infrastructures and I think that
problem will be solved all right I heard
you speak recently and he said something
that's stuck in my mind you said that
essentially crypto was all about wallets
and wallets are like browsers are the
internet okay that struck me as being an
awfully smart thing to say and since
you're in the wallet business jacks and
it's Jack's dot IO right jxx dot IO
that's kind of like the best of Gateway
onto this whole market is through the
wallet and you have got this fantastic
product that jacks dot IO but talk a
little bit about that what you mean by
that how that's the browser for this
space so the age of information it was
the browser that really unlocked it for
the masses that's what everybody uses to
navigate the age of information to move
information and that's that's the tool
the interface for the age of value for
what we're seeing now with blockchain
space the wallet is how you managed to
move value so it's it's an interface to
the technology that the masses need in
order to interact and be able to send
and move values so that's why I say the
wallet system tune to what the internet
was the browser was for the Internet
it's what enables you to manage and move
value and that's that's why the walls is
crucial to all the different projects
right and he also suggests that people
who of course who are buying trip though
on exchanges they keep a minimum of
their crypto honor in exchange and a
move to a wallet a wallet solution
either you know cold storage or a paper
wallet that's the way to move forward
we're just to hear about this lawsuit
with Michael Turpin who's after AT&T
because they allowed for a SIM card hack
if you probably know the story what's
your view on that lawsuit so I had same
thing happened to me that Michael had
Michael's a good friend of mine I think
that their there in the past has been
very difficult very too easy for people
to get access to people's accounts
through the phone companies it's
happened pretty much with every company
here in Canada I've seen it happen to
friends of mine and I think it's an
issue I think it's good that that
Michael is trying to do something about
it was a lot of money that that happened
with that billion yeah it's it's a lot
so I'm I'm hoping this does cause some
changes because they have our personal
information these these phone companies
and I think that's a bad model but it's
the way it worked things work right now
and I think that
they need to be put on you know on
notice that they need to protect our
identities they need to do a better job
of things I think I've seen movements
with some of the companies here in
Canada where they've added things like
voice print signatures and things like
that to help improve those security
systems but it's it's definitely
something that should be focused on and
and I think it's at if one good thing
that it's being brought to attention
how's the regulatory environment here in
Canada unclear it's it's it's hard to
have a business here in the space to
know what your you can and cannot do
when you see a lot of companies that are
going offshore and doing things in the
Caribbean countries because they're
little they're worried about what might
happen here good jurisdiction shopping
where companies get up and they move
they go to the jurisdiction that they
want their business that where is the
where's the place to go these days it
looks more most favorable to crime is my
companies here in Toronto I don't do
things that require the regulatory
issues like I don't hold on a customer
funds and I don't do I see us so those
are the two main things that are causing
people to go elsewhere is when you have
to when you're heavily regulated because
you do those two things can you comment
on the ICAO 2017 period that we had all
these coins come about what's your
thought yeah I think it's a great way to
raise capital but I think it leads to a
lot of projects that I don't have much
possibility getting off the ground and a
lot of people are gonna get hurt and I
think that happens but I think the
ability for someone to put and decide
where they want to put their money and
should be allowed and she should be able
to have the right to do that and I think
that's that's the way that should be but
people need to do their own research and
educate themselves and be expected that
these are high risky things and it could
could lose their money so right okay
fair enough let's talk about D centrally
focusing all of your attention this is
where it's all happening for you talk a
little bit about it sure so the central
is my company it started off as a space
in Toronto a hub that I set up in 2014
when we right when we were launching a
cerium and the central makes Jack so
think of decentralize the company and
Jack's is our flagship product but
there's other pieces of what we're
putting together including hardware
devices coin cards these things that are
gonna help make make make these
technologies or get them in the hands of
the masses and make things simpler and
easier so the central is really the the
idea we have to bring people together we
support many many different projects
it's not about just supporting one or
two technologies and our goal is to
unite the communities provide the tools
that the masses can actually be using
and that's where the wallets come into
play all right this message of
decentralization you know it's key to
the whole Bitcoin space and
the Bitcoin standard by safety now
mousse it's about you know replacing the
central bank system with a decentralized
bank system and it's a decentralized
network and this is a way you know you
from what I understand you were very
interested in the what's called the
freedom movement or the freedom media
that was prevalent now for 15 years and
a lot of that is deep keyed on
decentralization for people that might
be coming to this fresh how would you
describe that to them so for me I think
individuals are the most important thing
I think the personal freedom in
libraries should be added something that
by systems and brings that and gets it
in the hands of people my goal is to
create a paradigm shift where users can
be in control of their lives and not
having third parties being control
anymore and I think technology is
emerging that's going to an emerging
that's that's enabling that and it's
it's it's we've had to trust third
parties you know since the dawn of time
since and now these technologies are
coming and they're gonna help replace
the need for middle costly middleman
intermediaries and third parties and
it's been my my challenge my goal to to
bring the tools that are enabling that
again take noting of recent presentation
you made you talked about the incentives
in Bitcoin and how they're balanced and
how that creates the magic if you will
of this and hard money that's competing
with banks and for the first thing
that's competed in quite some time
and that also could be described in
terms of game theory and that and
everyone is trying to out game everybody
and the something like a greed factor is
pushing miners to mind more and and it
ends up with everyone benefiting it's
it's it's so that kind of behavior it
seems to be migrating to the state level
or states now who are finding their
currencies under attack are looking at
crypt out yeah
and is that was that kind of hard baked
into the protocol from day one did
Satoshi kind of envision this is it is
it an obvious development given the the
shortcomings of fiat currency and where
it where is that headed in your view I
think InnoCentive strike that's plays
the base of everything of Bitcoin is
you're incentivizing people to put
resources into a platform and they're
earning something of value in return for
doing that putting
that computing power in I think it's an
amazing model and I think gamifying
systems and even government and the way
that we that we interact I think is a
really smart move I'm a big fan of
gamification we've hired actually the
probably foremost
gamification guru in the world to be our
chief experience officer and everything
that we do is about how do we
incentivize people to do good how do we
incentivize people to do great things
and that's kind of a big part of what I
do is Gabe okay summarizing people to do
good versus incentivizing people to be
greedy right there's there's a notion
especially in Keynesian economics of the
animal spirits that it's all about
aggregate demand it's all about getting
people to go out there and spend and
willing to go into debt to spend you
know here with a hard money substitute
like Bitcoin it's actually about hotlink
or it's about saving it's just about
individual sovereignty and that does
that lead to good in other words which
comes first I want to be good and I end
up saving and handling Bitcoin or I save
an hotle Bitcoin and I end up being good
I mean a bit philosophical but what are
your thoughts for me I I I think it's
the determine saving that's right I like
saving it's not about Hottel in with me
and I think for me it's always been
about recognizing where I can create
value and take what I'm earning and give
back to the space here so I take what
I've made here and I'm consistently
putting back in to keep building up my
companies and trying to create value
it's all about value my idea it's right
and the value creating up here in
Toronto is incredible and it was great
to have you on the show thanks so much
for being up guys report thanks Robbie
all righty well that's gonna do it for
this edition of the cars report with we
match guys aren't Stacy whoever we want
to thank our guest Anthony the Oreo he's
a CEO and founder of D central and Jax
that's a big freakin wallet at Jax dot
IO if you want to catch us on twitter
it's Kaiser report until next time bye
