geography of the Syrian civil war has
shrunk it's now pretty much about this
part of the country the Northwest
basically here in and around ad lib is
where you'll find all the armed rebel
groups the ones still putting up a real
fight
no wonder getting hold of this area
would be the ultimate success for
Damascus it's five days after multiple
airstrikes hit this once quiet
neighborhood in the province killing
dozens of people shattering whatever
illusion of safety that may have existed
you listen to this CNN piece and get the
impression the province had been a
peaceful Oasis till showered by those
bombs how about telling the viewers
about the dicey melting pot it actually
is the Syrian army has been on a mission
to win back land those rebels are even
internationally recognized terrorists
who stood in their way were given two
options take out the white flag or get a
one-way ticket to Italy no kidding some
were moved there on buses and that's
when the real mess began instead of
teaming up various groups in aid l'p
went to war with each other and let's
not forget some of the mightiest
organizations running the show their
moderates huh
HTS or Hyatt - here I'll sum arguably
the most powerful and hair-raising the
very same people who used to be known as
nusra or Syria's al-qaeda branch and if
that name doesn't ring a bell just
picture 9/11 or any other bloody carnage
al-qaeda took responsibility for this is
quite a trio to those who've heard of
Noor al Deen Al's Enki will likely
associate them with the beheading of a
Palestinian boy on camera they've also
been blamed for torturing journalists
and aid workers Jaysh al-islam paraded
caged hostages through the Damascus
suburbs they once controlled only to use
them as human shields later this group
along with Raja was firmly on John
Kerry's terrorists list when he was in
charge of the State Department we've
seen pictures we've heard testimony of
shocking crimes committed by al Qaeda by
Boko Haram by Jerusalem by our ashram by
al-shabaab it seems even London a
staunch ally of some rebel groups has
lost patience Britain won't send any
more cash to fighters Enid Lib as it
says in The Times newspaper UK diplomats
have admitted the remaining rebel areas
are falling into the grip of jihadists
TV giant Sky News came up with a teaser
for their exclusive report from midlet
province on Twitter but online many
weren't buying the media's attempts to
portray that place as just rebel-held
enclave perhaps they've seen this
reporting tactic once before during the
siege of Syria's economic hub Aleppo
activists say close to 100 children have
been killed in that eastern rebel-held
area of Aleppo familiar scene in the
embattled districts of rebel held Easter
level unable to convince Moscow to stop
bombing civilians all they talked about
was how civilians and moderate
opposition fighters were being
slaughtered by a
and the Russians there was no mention of
the jihadists though and their sins
something our reporters saw with their
own eyes we're in the al-assad sir
and the rebels are pushing into Aleppo
again beyond that you're into the
rebel-held path of Aleppo that is the
black flag of jabhat al-nusra al-qaeda's
brainchild in the Syrian civil war it's
been Patton it's been repeating itself
time after time after time a year ago we
had it with the eastern Aleppo more
recently we had it with the eastern who
thought it was the town of Duma always
black and white
always the evil regime against these
peaceful civilians so I said just enjoy
killing civilians just because he is an
evil person obviously a childish
distortion of a complicated reality
you
