Briese finally exits the financial
bailout program it's been in for so many
years which sustained it through almost
decade-long debt crisis over the course
of the bailout put together by the EU
and International Monetary Fund Greece
received over 300 billion euros but the
crisis had affected the country's
economy dramatically now leading over
400,000 people to leave the country
pensions have been drastically cut and
taxes raised Athens is expected to be
repaying the bailout loans until 2060
the crisis has provoked serious tensions
between Greece and the EU it reached its
peak back in 2015 where Brussels
demanded austerity measures to deal with
the debt most Greeks voted against those
measures in a referendum yet the
government was pressured by the EU into
implementing them as results the EU
approved a key 86 billion euro tranche
of aid the bailouts triggered numerous
protests in Greece over the years
an alternative would have been the
drastic reduction of the debt to make it
sustainable
in 2010 it wouldn't require a lot of
restructuring in order to make the debt
sustainable then but at that time
neither Europe nor the United States or
the world economy was ready to deal with
the debt effectively and that's why
people view tomorrow's date with some
relief in the sense that they would not
be under the same stranglehold as they
were in the past eight years on the
other hand Greece will still have to
continue with an austerity regime which
is going to make life difficult for the
majority of Greeks
you
