Muslim couples been refused Swiss
citizenship and all because of a
handshake or lack thereof they did not
shake hands with people of the opposite
sex religious practice does not fall
outside the law the Constitution and
equality between men and women prevails
over bigotry the couple is said to have
shown a lack of respect towards gender
equality laws and failed to prove their
readiness to integrate in society
however they do have 30 days to appeal
the decision it's a similar case to
Wambach in 2016
similar thing happened in Sweden then a
24-year old Muslim woman refused to
shake a male interviewers hand when she
gone for a job in fact the meeting was
then abruptly terminated because she
didn't however Farah Alaa hijae won
thousands in compensation at the time
when Sweden's labor court ruled it
amounted to discrimination the incident
splits social media I've warned about
this for years they immigrated into our
countries and refused to integrate and
then use our laws against us to impose
their religious laws they shouldn't come
to a country and expect everything there
to change according to what they want or
don't want to do if you come to a
country you should respect their culture
it isn't racist it's common sense
well this isn't a law this is just a
customary procedure she's not obliged to
follow a custom that's against her
religious belief you don't have an
argument good you can't force anyone to
touch someone if they don't want to she
wasn't rude the employer was rude and
they we got reaction both for and
against the Swedish case you see if
you're an employer in Sweden like the
guy who wanted to recruit a young
interpreter and at interview this girl
refuses to shake hands
she has difficulties to talk to him
because he's a man because of her
culture that doesn't work this guy
doesn't fire her he does not hire her
and because of that he's obliged to pay
four thousand euro to that girl one of
the sweets here that they say none of
that here as I heard that the lady in
Sweden smiled and with this gesture we
have
you know that even Muslims should also
act to the habits and to the customs of
the country they're living and shaking
hands it's a gesture of respect they
should do it but if someone is not
checking with the hand but on the other
side showing me that he's respecting me
he's he's smiling in my face he's making
gesture like various or like this over
the other way so all we also take the
tension of this discussion away and try
to find a way how we could deal
respectfully with each other
accepting each other talking to each
other and maybe trying to change some of
these things in positively memory well
they should stop talking about respect
when they come to Europe they have our
respect they have had our respect for
all the time but they should stop trying
to influence society to obtain what
their bigotry insists is absolutely
necessary
you should adapt Muslims should adapt
they have adapted for decades this form
of Islam is not welcome in Europe that's
the perception of citizens and it's not
only populist I think it's something
like 70 or 80 percent of the population
who believes that you know there are
some values these values of the respect
the freedom of speech the freedom of of
changing their faith the freedom to have
my own decision how I live
but also the freedom of believing and
the freedom of faith so these are values
that are in Europe we should be proud of
it and we should fight to keep them and
not accepting anybody who is going to
make any in dangerous war values and our
democracy this issue with this young
woman refusing to shake hands with a man
this is very much happening everywhere
and it's not emotional the way Europeans
react this cannot continue like that
either they adapt and they accept the
way we live and they live with us in
shake hands like everybody else or as
they can go back to their country the
problem is Luca saying going back to
their countries and he can't just
imagine that Muslims are Europeans and
there
living here maybe in the third or fourth
generation so stop to talk to us with
this way go back to your countries our
countries is Arthur's country Sweden our
country could be Belgium it could be
Great Britain
you
