story about a girl from Iraq's Yazidi
religious minority still lives in fear
for her life years after she escaped her
ISIL captor and fled to Germany where
she claims she then ran into him face to
face we've spoken to a schwack who told
us about her ordeal with the terrorist
group Nora 77 girls captured by ISIL
fighters in taken to Syria the worst
time in my life was mowin when ISIL
separated me from my family they took us
away from our mothers fathers brothers
they even abducted eight-year-old girls
they tortured us raped us sold us into
slavery we were looking for gasoline
anything sharp knives scissors when we
couldn't find anything to kill ourselves
with we were trying to escape but they
handcuffed our hands and legs covered
our heads and raped us they turned us
into human shields when they went
anywhere they took us with them so that
the strikes didn't kill them a large
number of you City women have been
enslaved by ISIL and sexually abuse with
many still in captivity
Tomas Berdych Adagio confessional the
gallic a hodgepodge chumma Madras a
cuckoo Bhavan member mokoosh Cobra a
newborn
Preston Pelican adalat even Liepaja
tomorrow
yo - nakuru de la vallee Manavi Yahoo
would not suffer
a schmuck is no 19 years old when she
was captured by ISIL four years ago she
was sold as a sex slave to one of their
fighters after being abused for three
months she managed to escape and fled to
Germany but once there she claims she
was again horrified by two separate
encounters with a very same man who
enslaved her who'd since himself also
arrived there as a refugee panitch
Germany was willing to take in 1,000
women who had escaped from
eyes'll I went there to forget what had
been through I saw Abu as I was going
home after school I couldn't believe my
torture could have found out where I
lived the next time I saw him was two
years later a car pulled up beside me he
asked me if it was Ash walk and I said I
didn't know him or Schwab how was it
possible that's my rapist is living here
and has the same rights as me my boss
called the police and told them what he
looked like and they sketch his face and
it looked the same I told them there had
been no other witnesses I told them I'd
never imagined it possible for an ISIL
fighter to be in Germany however the
boys were unable to trace his name well
further this a recent statement issued
by German prosecutors claims the
information provided by a schmuck isn't
precise enough for them to identify the
man in the meantime she's gone back home
to Iraq completely devastated I told my
dad that the person who raped me was in
Germany that it doesn't want to leave
there and no matter what my dignity is
more important than being in Germany I
put my life in danger to escape from
ISIL to retain my dignity and he want me
to stay in Germany knowing that the one
who was responsible for my misery is
free in that country all I wanted was to
be somewhere safe but after meeting him
I was afraid the whole time that he'd
heard me again so I couldn't stay there
anymore we contacted a number of German
political institutions over the issue
we've asked whether they've taken any
action in relation to the case we'll
update you if we get a response back
from them about it specifically
you
