US Department of Defense plans to spend
up to 15 million dollars on enhancing
soldiers physical performance and
endurance but as Caleb Maupin explains
such programs must be handled with care
actually did it
Hollywood science fiction often depicts
the soldiers of the future with all the
talk of a space force from Donald Trump
and fighting robots across the silver
screen our imagination has plenty of
places to go
now on the surface a new grant from the
Pentagon for extra mural biomedical
research and development doesn't sound
so bad
the object is to create soldiers who can
withstand even the harshest
circumstances take a listen develop
technologies to maximize the
physiological performance of SOF
operators including enhanced endurance
enhanced senses tolerance to
environmental extremes and enhanced
overall fitness in order to maintain
operational posture ability in
high-stress scenarios without noticeable
augmentation and without hampering
personnel mobility
additionally the ability to accelerate
the effects of sleep through methods
requiring less time a vivid picture I
know the prototype right hand please
well welcome to the program
now let's give this a little context
this won't be the first time that the US
military has engaged in this kind of
research
now at the time these grotesque
experiments using American GIs and
civilians essentially as lab rats at the
time they were taking plays the public
knew nothing about it it was all
classified now the public documents
indicate that these new experiments will
not involve human beings only human
simulators however anyone who is
familiar with the not so well publicized
but very well-documented history of US
military research they'll certainly
raise an eyebrow caleb Maupin RT New
York
you
