been 20 years since the Russian economy
was hit by one of the worst crises in
its history it came on the heels of a
financial crisis in East Asia the
previous year and declining all prices
at the height of the trouble the federal
budget deficit reached more than 180
billion rubles and inflation in the
country soared dramatically the
government devalued the national
currency defaulted on domestic debt and
declared a moratorium on foreign debt as
a result the market collapsed in many
banks and businesses had to close the
former head of Russia's central bank
Sergei du benin told us about the
challenges faced in overcoming the
crisis the problems began much earlier
to speak frankly the default could have
been declared for the same reasons in
november december 1997 the oil price
dropped the crisis in asia caused
capital outflows from the russian market
and most importantly it highlighted the
weak spot in the russian financial
system the breakdown of the budgetary
system the government was resolving
short-term issues most of them frankly
speaking i cannot understand why
businessman didn't have a sense of self
security because it was obvious that it
was a serious crisis that could destroy
the market economy and the political
system everybody tried to survive on his
own and as you understand a few managed
to do it many businesses failed just
after the crisis some later it was a
difficult challenge it was negative but
the market mechanisms were able to cope
with it and it worked we believed in it
but nobody was 100% sure the positive
aspect was that Russian business was
ready to work in the crisis and people
to work for free
businesses didn't shut down but they
declared they couldn't pay and
cooperation between people developed
that wasn't the decision of the
government and it was a positive factor
the market economy started working again
otherwise in a year we wouldn't have
overcome the crisis of course the
recovery began later under high oil
prices but anyway the market economy
showed its viability sustainability and
the possibility of stabilizing in a
crisis
you
