the US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
has formed a special group that will
coordinate Washington's policy on Iran
that says it continues to pressure the
country with sanctions at the head of a
new group Bryan Hoch says the u.s. is
prepared to punish any country that does
trade with Iran in our sanctions regime
yes we will we are prepared to impose
secondary sanctions on regimes I'm sorry
on other governments that continue this
sort of trade with Iran although
sanctions will come into effect on
November 5th those will include
sanctions on Iran's energy sector
transactions by foreign financial
institutions with the Central Bank of
Iran Iran's shipping and shipbuilding
sectors among others the first round of
new anti Iran sanctions were enacted
earlier this month after President Trump
announced America's withdrawal from the
Iran nuclear deal the sanctions prohibit
Iran from using the US dollar and
restricts trading in precious metals it
also limits Iranian currency flows at
the US move there was widely opposed by
a list of European countries cavae frc
avi a former advisor to Iran's nuclear
negotiating team said Tehran won't be
brought to heel by sanctions the United
States has unilaterally and very
illegally reimpose sanctions that have
been lifted by the international
community Perdue on Security Council
resolution
you know 2015 so the question is how can
the u.s. justify provide rationalization
for these sanctions that don't have the
backing of the international community
if the US proceeds as threatened they
will hurt allies in Europe in particular
but also in Asia and they will distort
international trade and they will not
gain Iran's comprise
you
