a Moscow Court has decided to transfer
one member of the new greatness movement
which is accused of forming an extremist
organization under house arrest she is
forbidden to use mobile phones or
Internet or talk to the press now
earlier the prosecution itself asked the
court for such a decision and at the
moment we are waiting for the court to
announce its decision on the fate of the
second detainee whether she's going to
be a transferred under house arrest as
well and now both of these detainees are
the youngest participants of the
movement one is 18 years old and she was
just 17 at the time of her arrest and
the other is a 19 years old now there
are several dozen people gathered here
at this courthouse all waiting for the
decision and they greeted this decision
was applause now among the people that
we've met here are of course the
relatives of the two girls there is a
team of lawyers as one of the fathers is
representing her interests at the court
and of course a lot of journalists now
it is a rather complicated case and it
attracted a lot of attention here in
Russia earlier I made a report on the
overall investigation the members of the
new greatness movement are accused of
organizing an extremist gank and calling
for a constitutional revolution the
investigation claims this young man was
its leader and here is how he described
its purpose to establish new rules on
Russian territory put the ruling elite
on trial and repeal repressive laws and
the Constitution the idea of the
movement grew out of private chats on
social media platforms here's an extract
again the revolutionary fire is starting
everywhere but we can't do anything like
this here in our country that's sad it
all began when a few young people from
Moscow and its regions started to share
their political views with each other
online
later they began meeting in person
mostly in McDonald's cafes - pardon some
political rallies handed out political
leaflets and
a few trips outside the city to learn
how to use firearms they even wrote a
manifesto in case of an uprising all
revolutionary activities that receive
broad public support the organization
aims to take part in those actions to
the extent of its resources in March 10
members of the organization were
arrested their defense team claims the
idea to create a full-scale movement
with its own office program and even an
Amblin belongs to an FSB agent who under
the name Ruslan Dee handfull traded the
group of the youngsters encouraged their
ideas and effectively created a reason
for their arrest the detainees say that
he was the one who paid most of the
money to rent a place where they
gathered and planned to buy firearms
another two alleged members one of them
an acting policeman claimed they only
joined the group in order to turn them
over to the authorities
all of them are witnesses for the
prosecution in the case the law which
regulates intelligence gathering
activities in Russia forbids police from
provoking someone to commit a crime the
person under the name Ruslan Dee is a
provocateur he carried out a provocation
against children he did what he could to
create this organization and made sure
it looked the way he wanted this is an
unsanctioned so-called mother's march
which hit the streets of the Russian
capital on Wednesday people gathered to
demand to the authorities transfer the
detainees to house arrest considering
their young ages one of the detainees
was just 17 at the time of her arrest in
the group's online chats she wrote that
she was interested to learn how to throw
Molotov cocktails and claimed to have
known someone who could supply weapons
guys I've remembered some connections
there's a dude in Odessa who trades
weapons in Ukraine I want to get in
touch with him it's a sure thing he
knows people from my done maybe they can
devise something what do you think
since being jailed Anna's health has
reportedly worsened
she cries throughout the court hearings
Anja was being driven in cold prison van
for hours it was minus 11 outside
she was interrogated for many hours with
no psychologist or lawyer present she
was treated like seasoned criminal they
made her cry
how can a 17 year old withstand this if
found guilty they face up to 10 years in
prison right in the question of our team
Moscow
you
