it's been a month since the FIFA World
Cup in Russia ended but the memories are
still fresh in fans hearts and minds
over 3 million went to the matches with
over half of them foreigners now an
Italian supporter and sports editor has
released a video showing how he joined
the greatest show on earth for free now
speak to the man of the moment himself
copa90 fan culture editor Martina Ariza
welcome to the program it's great to
have you on now we've already met you
before during the tournament let's just
remind our viewers of your amazing story
so basically head of the true ahead of
the World Cup I organized with my
colleagues thinking there have been a
lot of negative tensions in the media
around English relations and Russian
relations and so I'd sort of proposed
the idea of trying to survive the World
Cup for free relying on something
Russia's very famous for which is
Russian hospitality and through it I
managed to travel to all 11 cities of
the World Cup attend actually 9 matches
by trading football kits that I brought
with me and really just enjoyed an
unbelievable and sort of one-of-a-kind
experience at this tournament which was
really historic ok I do believe we have
some video of your time in Russia let's
just take a quick look at that it's been
amazing I mean day 1 we arrived in
Moscow made our way down to Sochi we've
been bringing football kits with us
everywhere we go and we've been using
those football kits to exchange for food
water beer tickets the first day we
actually managed to exchange a Brazil
kit for two tickets to Spain Portugal
which ended up being a hat trick for
Cristiano Ronaldo so completely
unbelievable experience so that's how it
all started did it end just as
incredibly for you yeah I mean it ended
gloriously I actually got to attend the
World Cup with the World Cup final but I
mean it was it was so much more than
just sort of attending the matches it
was it was really this experience of a
month of making an unbelievable amount
of
whether they be Russian or foreigners I
mean there was the whole project was
meant to sort of prove this idea that
football is this extremely powerful tool
in creating human connections and and
can really cut beyond these sort of
divisive political narratives that we
often experience in the media and really
through this tool of football we
actually had this passport in the
national tournament to meet people from
all over the world and actually do some
incredible things yeah there was a
running theme in the British media
throughout the World Cup this particular
obsession with the furious Russian
hooligan said what do you think about
that did it turn out to be justified all
these this fear-mongering well I mean
the fear-mongering obviously wasn't
justified there's there's obviously a
risk of some sort of instance of
hooliganism happened and happening in
any international tournament and
obviously ahead of the tournament a lot
of the fears were predicated on what had
happened in Marseille two years prior at
the euros in France but what my
experience was was actually you know
there were very little instances of
hooligans also because of the way that
sort of the Russian state had dealt with
any fears of hooliganism which was that
any for any group found doing any
hooliganism within the within the time
of the World Cup would have been
punished collectively and so any one
sort of involved also in that scene
which I'm familiar with in my work was
really put into place where it was never
gonna happen during that tournament and
actually what was most interesting was
the fact that Russians themselves the
average citizen you know the normal
football fan was really galvanized by
this idea and and this sort of negative
press that it occurred around the
hooliganism situation and so it became
an instance of people sort of you know
stopping me on the street of my shoe
shoe was untied if I was lost somewhere
they would give me a ride to the place
and wouldn't accept any money for it it
was there was there was almost this sort
of national fervor to actually be as
welcoming as humanly possible whether
full football or anything else are you
planning to return to Russia of course I
mean I grew up learning Russian as a kid
so that was a major tool also that I get
to use throughout the world kept him
fairly conversational but yeah of course
I want to return to Russia I mean we
have to think also that this tournament
only gave us access to 13 of the eleven
of the cities and
third of the country you know I'm still
very curious to see Vladivostok or
Novosibirsk or a ton of other region a
ton of the regions across the country
that sort of still remain a mystery to
me but yes and and I think most
interesting with this tournament is it
wasn't necessarily the cities like st.
Petersburg or Moscow or Sochi that
really surprised me it was it was more
my experiences in Samara or
Yekaterinburg cities that would have
never likely gone to if it wasn't for
this tournament but actually I
discovered were incredibly interesting
and unique in their own ways thank you
for joining us on Artie International
today that's copa90 fan culture edit
Martina Ariza looking forward to
welcoming you back to Russia sometime
soon sure thank you
you
