the US Department of Homeland Security
has just approved a grant to create a
trauma training program for high schools
around the country essentially 1.8
million dollars is being offered for
those who could create a long-term
self-sustaining mechanism for the safety
of high-school students teenagers are
being taught how to treat gunshot wounds
and deal with dangerous situations
similar to how students learn health
education and driver's education they
must learn proper bleeding control
techniques using commonly available
materials including how to use their
hands dressings and toner case in Ohio
tactical grade pepper spray is being
placed around the schools now when a
canister is removed an alarm will sound
alerting the authorities here's how one
politician described the pepper spray
system trust me this will stop anyone in
their tracks
in North Dakota the police are asking
that high-powered rifles be stored on
school grounds meanwhile Texas is
jumping on the bandwagon of giving
teachers guns we need our teachers to be
armed we you know when you have when
you're facing someone who's an active
shooter the best way to take that
shooter down is with a gun but even
better than that is four or five guns to
one there's even talk of firearm
training for preschool children it's
something that we should think about
America about putting guns in the hands
of law-abiding citizens whether they
actually be talented children or highly
trained preschoolers a three-year-old
cannot defend itself from a assault
rifle by throwing a Hello Kitty pencil
case at it our founding fathers did not
put an age limit on the Second Amendment
this year the back-to-school sales
aren't just pencils and notebooks
parents are stocking up on body armor
watch
in a matter of seconds you can lock a
door with this it can't get shot out you
can't get around it how about arming
schoolteachers no all right how about
bulletproof backpacks for real I think
yes that is positive that teacher should
be on weapons for protection for the
students I don't think it's a good idea
at all I think we need to disarm
everybody not our more people if we
disarmed people we wouldn't need
bulletproof backpacks and what about a
nationwide training program for high
schoolers to deal with like gunshot
wounds trauma training think that's
efficient Americans seem to pretty
clearly agree that school shootings are
a big problem but do you stop them with
more guns or less that's where Americans
just can't seem to agree caleb Maupin RT
New York
you
