French MPs warned their sickened by us
high street fashion giant gap showing a
young Muslim girl wearing a headscarf
thousands of people have now signed a
petition demanding gap end the ad
campaign the back-to-school campaign was
shot in New York but when gap kids
published the photos and videos on its
French social media sites it sparked a
massive outcry Muslim clothing is a
divisive issue in France with hijab
style head coverings banned in schools
the country's circularity or separation
of state and church is enshrined in the
Constitution whereas the US First
Amendment guarantees freedom of religion
and expression we went onto the streets
of Paris to engage opinion on gaps move
there's Tomasi Linda subdued
unacceptable to boycott gap just because
they show a girl super garbage is no big
deal a young very girl that's the way
she sees things is not a concern only
baptistry it's not something we are used
to I see women wearing veils but we're
really children well it is awful
I'm against showing a little girl
wearing away I think it's a shame to get
such young children to marry restrictive
issues concern but we have asked a gap
for comment and we'll let you know when
they respond but French politicians are
already calling to boycott the brand gab
shows the little veiled girl marketing
promotes submission to Islamism where
are the me to in our two big movements
gap continues its submission to Islamism
with its posters of veiled little girls
I have denounced several times this rise
in power of the veil imposed on little
girls which is an abuse and trampling on
our values of equality freedom and
secularism
live now to multiculturalism experts are
still LaRue and miss LaRue thank you for
joining us on the program
now this ad campaign is praised in the
u.s. precisely for showing a veiled girl
so while so many in France against it do
you think
well first of all in France really when
you're thinking of a societal issue an
issue like this the first thing that
should come to their mind is is it
something that's legal or inle illegal
in France and this is a picture of a
young girl wearing a veil with another
girl of a different ethnicity and it
shows in my opinion more tolerance than
anything else and there's nothing
illegal about it so as far as the
politicians are concerned that's really
the only thing that they should be
pronouncing themselves on yet instead
they're starting to pull Emma sighs and
use the theme of Islam very frankly to
try and make it look bad and in this
case they're attacking GAAP which which
is very misplaced on the part of a
government it's really too bad that this
government is getting involved in what
should be more a debate of opinion you
can like it or not like it and I think
your idea of interviewing people on the
streets is excellent you know let's see
what people think people talk about it
but as far as the government is
concerned their question should be okay
is it legal or illegal in France putting
the veil on in school is illegal so if
the picture were something that were
happening in school then gap France
would have to ask gap us to make a
different picture because they can't put
a school girl in a veil sorry to
interrupt I want to find out what you
make of the French MPs calls to now
boycott gap I think it's really
unfortunate to be honest that's the
point that I was trying to make is that
I think it's very unfortunate that a
politician should get involved in what
should be an opinion debate and you know
she might express herself as a citizen
and say that if she had a little girl
she wouldn't want to put a veil on her
little girl that's her right and it's
her right not to like the veil but as a
politician she should only be talking
about whether it's legal or illegal in
France and reacting visa vie gap
based on that and nothing else do young
veiled girls have a place in advertising
in France I think they should have I
think that France we were just seeing
the debate over the over the the the
very varied nature of the French soccer
team who won the World Cup and there was
a lot of debate about how they should be
called and you know of course they're
French citizens but let's not hide the
fact that many of them are of African
origin France should embrace its
diversity so in my opinion these type of
pictures should be welcomed in France I
used to work in the perfume industry and
France was always very very free about
showing a lot of the female body and
perfume advertisements and if we had
clients in other countries who didn't
agree with it or who had laws where you
couldn't expose a lady's decollete or
body too much then we simply provided
them with another picture you know based
on the legality if France has a problem
with that you know they can always ask
that but otherwise the debate should be
on the street and among citizens it
should not be a French government
calling for a boycott I think that
that's very mean minded and it's using
the Muslim population as a target to
talk in an ugly way thank you for
sharing your thoughts with us on RT
International we appreciate it
you
