so this is how the material comes to us
it's basically a stock stems and roots
of the cannabis plant it is a dry fiber
as you can see it's really dirty so you
need to we need to actually go through a
washing process to clean it out which
one the one that you told me on the
laptop that that this is a test for oh
that's that's a vessel I mean I don't
know what you call it it's a bit it's a
vessel
we will be first to market when Canada
legalizes marijuana beverages now as you
may know marijuana will become legal in
Canada on October 17th of 2018 but
beverages and edibles will not be legal
for one year later so we're looking at
October 17 to 2019 and we will be ready
first to market when that happens
process yesterday this is what this
machine does it spits out this this is
what we're looking for so we use a part
of the cannabis plant that has no
commercial value so there's hundreds of
millions of square foot of grow that's
about to come online here in Canada as
we approach recreational legalization
all of these farmers are only harvesting
the the flower at the top of the plant
maybe some of the leaves the rest of the
material they can't throw it away
because it's a controlled substance
they can't incinerate it right someone
might walk by the incinerator and get
high so this is material that we can get
for free from these cultivators
otherwise they would have to pay someone
to dispose of it they'd have to pay a
licensed disposal company so our
starting module does not cost anything
samples off on there you got a wash one
there that it will keep coming back for
and then you just tell the computer
I mean what's amazing about what we do
is that we're taking the cannabis plant
we're mashing it we're fermenting it and
we're creating a true beer so we can
create all different styles of beer we
can make a pilsner an IPA is stout a
Bock we're starting with pills there
because it's a very challenging style of
beer to make sure that we can do it I
say but in the future we'll roll out
many other styles
we felt like brewing this beer was
something that had to be done for
generation 2 alcohol has had a monopoly
is the only psychoactive for social and
leisure activities and with the
legalization of cannabis there was an
opportunity to create for the first time
ever a safer and healthier alternative
to alcohol and if you're going to do
that what better format then appear so
we use a we use the pellets although you
know Sunday we might use the initial
flour our pops yes the carbonation has
obviously been lost over time
pretty awesome
you
