in a bid to protect British values the
UK Home Secretary has launched a review
into hate crime legislation he wants to
expand the law to protect more
vulnerable sections of society but as
Polly Boyko reports not everyone is
happy with the idea at the moment police
in England Wales and Northern Ireland
annually monitor five main strands of
hate crime that aggression towards
someone on the basis of either their
disability their sexual orientation
their gender identity their race or
their religion but the UK's Home
Secretary Sajid Javid gets his way then
that definition of what constitutes a
hate crime will be broadened to include
things like ageism and misogyny the
problem is that talk of expanding a law
isn't particularly popular with those
that will have to enforce the potential
new laws the police UK forces are
struggling to maintain an effective
service battling steep budget cuts and
an unprecedented wave of violent crime
that's the reason the government's Law
Review has prompted criticism from one
high-profile police officer who's
standing up to the idea saying that
though it's noble it's not needed and
it'll make it even harder to police what
he calls genuine crime the first
priority of any government is the
protection of the people let us focus
only on genuine crime supported by basic
evidence let's not encourage people to
think we can solve deep social problems
or give impolite people manners so
should the police be dealing with things
like wolf-whistling and ageism we went
to see what Londoners think I think
you'd rather than focus on burglaries
then on Facebook I say focus on the
areas try and cut down the crime it's up
to the police to decide how they spend
their resources I mean I would like to
see more police on the beat on the
street but that doesn't seem to be a
very high priority at the moment
they feel that they're being pulled away
from what I think most people regard as
bread-and-butter issues of policing
going after criminals muggers and thugs
like that to go after so-called hate
crimes which might be unpleasant to
individuals before which is already an
existing legal remedy I've been called a
coconut and worse so I know how
important it is to stamp out hate crime
the government says it's determined to
tackle hate crime because it directly
challenges British values but convincing
already struggling frontline officers to
expand what they have to police is going
to be tough
a former Metropolitan Police Officer
Roger gray thinks there are more
pressing problems the UK authorities
should be tackling instead this is not
really helping the situation in the
country when we've got a knife crime
increasing by 10 percent along with
other violent crimes this is where our
resources should go and stop dealing
with peripheral peripheral and
politically correct questions and union
with the the basics of what makes us
safe in our towns and our homes we
shouldn't have a situation where we're
encouraging a culture of allegation you
must allow a police officer to exercise
the law that's what he's there for he is
not to the greater extent a social
worker this is political correctness
again going too far
you
