the leader of Germany's left party is
launching a new political movement
called stand up one of the new groups
self-proclaimed goals is to defend the
interests of those who feel ignored by
the current government yeah Nats idling
pushed him to endorse and finale item
becomes our bites banana arbiter the
film is a shot
erm people heard the hum about carnage
demon man knows all comes either from
Sunni annoyed in suits or on the South
the name under answer our wine
the group will be looking to rally
left-wing voters and pressure German
politicians to create a left-wing
government stand up is also looking to
win over so-called protest voters those
who strongly oppose the way Germany is
heading today its leader
Sahra wagenknecht is against the current
administration's open borders policy and
says that migrants unlimited access to
germany's labor market must come to an
end there have to be open borders for
the persecuted but we certainly can say
that anyone who wants to may come to
Germany claims social benefits and look
for work it's detached from reality
according to a new poll as many as 34
percent of German voters could vote for
the new movement if the elections were
to take place and we heard from a German
MP who has pledged her support for the
new movement
yeah and we have we have a close
exchange in cooperation especially with
Bernie Sanders people in the United
States who were against Hillary Clinton
they missed out on getting the
Democratic nomination because of Clinton
intrigues we are also in close contact
with the supporters of Jeremy Corbyn the
momentum movement in the United Kingdom
also with the campaign of France
jean-luc m√©lenchon who got almost 20% in
the last venture
the link is Esplanade the letters
listened week not just in Germany and
the whole of Europe we do have a trend
towards the right we would like to
combine forces to make a progressive
breakthrough when you look at polling
there's always a majority that want
better pay better pension a
non-confrontational foreign policy
regarding Russia and are also against
NATO expansion we want to offer them a
political direction and policy
thus a stop on their IFD we have to
present something different from the
alternative for Germany party in the
last two or three years SPD the greens
or Darlene key didn't show a successful
strategy for doing that in combating a
FG rather the opposite FD is getting
stronger and there is a chance for them
becoming the People's Party which is
absurd the left should return to its
core ideals and goals social questions
should be the Keystone
also cited hot by fluently integration
policy has pretty much rendered the
minimum wage defunct what was once a one
euro job not only brings eighty cents
obviously if you take people in you need
to ask them somewhere there are a lot of
people under the stress created by the
social situation those people need to be
able to earn a wage that lets them live
in dignity if this is not happening it's
understandable that people become angry
and lean towards right-wing parties it
is those people that we will be reaching
out to for the sake of our democracy
