this sitting the Golan Heights is one of
the latest sites where the Syrian army
has brought terrorists ruled to an end
we were among the first international
news crews inside after its liberation
well just months ago the city of kenitra
behind me was still under the control of
nostrums well with most of the
infrastructure gone this is the main
focus of the Syrian government now
liber8 sits but far from safe we weren't
allowed further inside the city the
jihadists have made demining the area a
painstaking process for decades the
Golan Heights have been fought over both
Syria and Israel claimed the land as
theirs as far as the UN is concerned
it's definitely Syrian but that's failed
to stop the exchange of fire it got
worse when the jihadi advance so UN
peacekeepers flee in 2014
they've been the only force to try and
ease tensions considering the volatility
of the situation here Golan Heights the
UN made a big point out of establishing
a presence here well speaking about this
particular checkpoint they were driven
out by terrorists al nusra front and
ISIL are the two main factions that
briefly gained foothold here and well
this area doesn't need any more
hostility there's plenty of it here
already
after all the front line was just over
there with again new strand ISIL holding
some territory and Israel doesn't need
terrorists on its border and it's
checkpoints begin right over those
mountains now at least the UN patrols
can begin again with the help of some
Russian backup together with a UN
representative we conducted an initial
patrol during which we checked the
safety of the roads the main problem is
that there are lots of explosives we've
sent all the information we have to the
UN peacekeeping force for analysis to
reconstruct the UN checkpoints the
Russian military police are helping the
UN mission to inspect the UN checkpoints
the Golan Heights may still
territorially be in a state of flux but
at least the terrorists have finally
been repelled and the UN peacekeepers
can get on with the job
ohmigosh done of reporting from the
Golan Heights in Syria for RT we asked
the UN mission to comment on the
situation it has
confirmed that is implementing a gradual
return to the Golan Heights
you
