the border between Syria and Lebanon
which is literally some two kilometers
away from here is expected to become a
major flood gate for those whose
homesickness has turned into something
bigger into the actual return home right
now we are at one out of five ports of
entry established by the Syrian
government as they welcome its citizens
home there were many things to run from
terror go pointless and unspeakable
brutality but now there's one homeland
we suffered from terrorism for three
years and eight months all kinds of
weapons were used against us but we
stood firm and did not give up and kept
fighting until we were transferred here
the terrorists were against life itself
against peaceful citizens women and
children it was very difficult for us to
live but the terrorists were living in
good conditions the terrorists left my
city so I decided to return because it
is safe there now I learned my town in
Syria is safer that is why I decided to
return with my family the government has
promised to restore infrastructure namaz
scale from hospitals to schools judging
by the walls in this school there's a
new subject on the curriculum and it's
called survival from different types of
landmines to improvised explosive
devices and to simply objects the kids
should beware of this is what children
in this school will be taught about when
it opens this September but not everyone
will be welcomed back to revive a
peaceful existence here like the white
helmets hailed as a rescue organization
by the West Damascus isn't looking
forward to their return Syrians living
abroad who have committed nothing
against their I mean fellow citizens
should fear nothing at all and the
government will ensure their safety and
also chose to flee the country should
have committed the heinous crimes which
made them very afraid of staying in the
country so the white helmets are
criminals
they should be treated this way there
are many displaced Syrians who are being
wound against getting ready to come home
just yet we think that it's premature to
promote returns Syria is still very
insecure there's still a lot of war
going on in Syria even though out of the
7 million people that escaped the
conflict almost a quarter of them are
wanting to come back to Syria but there
will be no help rebuilding the country
from the West Western countries should
support the return of Syrian citizens
and lift economic sanctions against
Syria because people who want to return
need schools hospitals food and shelter
for their families the EU and the US
have been and when we say the EU we must
remember as Britain is the driving force
of the policy towards towards Syria but
Britain and us-led EU following along in
its week have since 2011 made it their
policy to destroy Syria to destroy the
Syrian government by any means necessary
to facilitate aid train and equip a
sectarian brute or sectarian insurgency
that's laid waste of the country their
policy has been to make Syria
uninhabitable and their policy remains
to ensure that it stays uninhabitable
so Syrian refugees in Europe absolutely
caught between well a rock and a hard
place is putting it very very mildly
on the one hand they have the EU and the
US still continuing to enact this policy
of making their own country
uninhabitable and then at the same time
you have this growing fascist street
movement in in the in the EU that's
actually has even influence over for
example the British government whose
policy is to basically make Europe
uninhabitable for them hatred towards
Assad unites a lot of Syrians who chose
to flee their country well now at least
judging by the promises the Syrian
government seems to be extending an
olive branch to those who
seek to do no more damage Mukesh done of
reporting from Syria for our tea
you
