thousands gathered in Yemen on Monday to
mourn and bury dozens of children killed
in a saudi-led coalition airstrike that
hit a school bus the incident caused
outrage and was condemned around the
world women with children gathered
outside the UN offices in the capital
Sanaa demanding an end to the conflict
they carried banners and chanted slogans
against the Saudi campaign which has
targeted Houthi held areas of Yemen
since 2015 the UN is called for an
independent investigation into this
latest incident just a morning you may
find some of the pictures coming up next
disturbing
in an official statement riad defended
the coalition's action the saying the
strike was executed in compliance with
international law as for Saudi Arabia it
launched this bombing campaign against
Houthi rebels in Yemen whom it considers
terrorists back in 2015 as mentioned
this most recent attackers troubled many
across the globe though including the US
defense secretary James mattis I have
dispatched a three-star general into
Riyadh to look into what happened here
and if there's anything we can do to
preclude this in the future the United
States is by far the largest supplier of
weaponry to the Saudis it also provides
targeting assistance for Riyadh's
airstrikes and military operations last
year Saudi Arabia paid 750 million
dollars to American specialists for
trading it said was meant to reduce
civilian casualties independent
political analyst Stan Glazebrook
believes humanitarian concerns are
unlikely there to change the u.s.
position on the conflict the war in
Yemen really is that is the Vietnam of
this generation reality will force a
change but unfortunately morality won't
a bus full of under tens being butchered
will not change the stand of the u.s.
the resistance on the ground will
ultimately change the standard of the US
I mean brutal and disgusting as this
latest massacre is the reality is that
at least 130 children have been being
killed by this for every single day
that's according to Save the Children
not necessarily food direct airstrikes
but through the farming conditions as a
result of the deliberate targeting and
this is well documented by the
aggressive by the aggressive forces that
the deliberate targeting of agricultural
infrastructure of key transport
infrastructure necessary to moving
supplies around the country and of
course the blockade that arbitrarily
stops key supplies going into the
country at any time
worse than that that's been ongoing for
for over a year this this shocking
figure of 130 children per day dying as
a result of the aggression
you
