and miss international has launched
external investigations into the suicide
of two employees the death sparked an
internal crisis about working conditions
within the human rights organization
case in point first Roz McGregor she was
28 years old when she took her life
earlier on this summer an intern of
Amnesty she worked in Geneva according
to her father she developed health
problems because of stress work-related
stress and then committed suicide just a
few days after returning home that
happened five weeks after another
suicide within the organization this
time a real veteran of it a 65 year old
guy called Gaytan Muto
he was a veteran research had spent over
30 years in West Africa he was found
dead in amnesties Paris office he left a
suicide note in which he described
pressure at work and a lack of
management support a former amnesty
employee shared her experience with us -
I was the former researcher for Israel
and Palestine based in Jerusalem I
resigned in 2018 due to security and
safety issues as well as lack of support
from management when it came to dealing
with the stress
I was basically put in danger and my
family was put in danger because of the
work that I was doing with amnesty
because amnesty didn't even take the
necessary precautions to protect the
staff before having the office opened
the program that amnesty had apparently
had and I think it's still in place is
you received three phone calls to an
external the sociologist to listen to
you and I tried to explain to them that
for me this doesn't work and sadly I
didn't even get support when it came to
health insurance and medical and medical
assistance that I needed there due to
the stress that I was under well
amnesties promised a full and
independent set of inquiries into the
two deaths mr Muto's case of a four
hundred staff demanded in fact an
investigation an open letter to
management
honesty's pointed to the existence of
support programs for employees and says
it promises to learn from the probes a
she wrote Ramadan again says people
working for rights groups deserve to be
protected - a lot of the journalists and
a lot of human rights workers deal with
these issues usually but with support
from the organization I think the
problem with amnesty is there was a
failure in the system in
understanding the importance of mental
health and resilience program within the
institution itself we're talking about
one of the biggest human rights
organizations you're sending people to
their to the field you're sending people
to document human rights violations the
the priority is also ensuring that these
field workers on human rights activists
and personnel are safe themselves before
having having them report on on the
violations
you
