we got 700 billion dollars and next year
already approved we have 716 billion
dollars to give you the finest planes
and ships and tanks and missiles
anywhere on earth nobody makes them like
we do and very very far distant in this
case jobs are very important in all
cases but in this case military might is
more important than even jobs but all of
this equipment is made right here in the
USA and it's the best equipment on earth
nobody makes it like we do so you have
700 billion dollars and now 716 billion
dollars so congratulations
with this new authorization we will
increase the size and strength of our
military by adding thousands of new
recruits to active duty reserve and
National Guard units including 4,000 new
active duty soldiers and we will replace
aging tanks aging planes and ships with
the most advanced and lethal technology
ever developed and hopefully will be so
strong we'll never have to use it but if
we ever did nobody has a chance
you
