after a string of intercepted parcel
bombs sent to senior Democrat figures in
the u.s. police in New York are now at a
restaurant owned by the actor Robert
DeNiro where another suspicious package
has been found these are live pictures
were looking at emergency services as
you can see heading to the scene right
now well in the meantime Hillary Clinton
Barack Obama and other Democrats are
among those who were targeted earlier as
were the CNN headquarters non of the
packages detonated the mayor of New York
described the incidents though which
appear connected as domestic terror
Donald Trump meanwhile has come under
fire with critics saying his use of
rhetoric has fueled hate the President
himself blames the media let's get more
information after mEagle she done offer
he joins us in the studio
you got just tell us more then talk more
about what Trump has said and why
there's been such a fierce reaction to
that well indeed importantly no one was
injured and apparently the perpetrator
was either too amateurish to know that
people of such scale just don't open
their parcels themselves or it was meant
as a political stunt still domestic tear
is what it's been called so obviously
this couldn't have evaded Trump's
attention and with the American
president being probably the least
arguably the least presidential figure
in the top job he tried to keep his
civil tone have a listen these times we
have to unify we have to come together
and send one very clear strong
unmistakable message that acts or
threats of political violence of any
kind have no place in the United States
of America but he was calling for unity
there but looking at what people have
said in the reaction to what he said
that hasn't been the case well indeed
unity one would argue is a state that's
rarely found in the United States
nowadays with the midterms literally
around the corner now it isn't helping
the situation really both camps the
Conservatives and the Democrats
instantly decided to spearhead their own
narrative using this incident Donald
Trump was in the blue corner and
everybody else were in the red car
have a listen as part of a larger
national effort to bridge our divides
and bring people together the media also
has a responsibility to set a civil tone
and to stop the endless hostility and
constant negative and oftentimes false
attacks and stories have to do I'm not
one who sees equal blame spread all
around our president cannot escape
special scrutiny he is at the head of
the hate parade and way too often
clearly reading prepared remarks at a
rally he seemed not to give a damn
well the CN n weren't the only one
ganging up on Trump in fact everybody
did not just on him on his daughter -
Ivanka Trump that she supported his
father in his call to unity and
everybody world just like that she
should just denounce him right away
Trump did get his fair share of hatred -
because everybody blamed him as you've
just heard these the CNN reporters
saying his spearheading the hate train
and obviously Trump is viewing this as
something else but one thing a lot of
we've seen media reports of showing an
alleged picture of one of the explosive
devices of one of the IEDs and allegedly
again this is unconfirmed it showcased a
parody of an Islamic state flag but
instead of the Arab letters on it it had
a catchphrase of one of well very
well-known comedians in the United
States and it's this catchphrase
laughs and they should do what naysha
gator done yeah I get her done so well
again this is something we cannot
corroborate whether the often the
authenticity of this report but well it
doesn't take a genius to add - and - and
understand that this dude the character
of this comedian is the most
stereotypical image of a trump supporter
so whatever it is it could be a hint at
who could be behind who could try and
frame someone to be behind these
attempted attacks but well anyway with
the midterms again just around the
corner the political debate is said only
to get more heated
you
