now the mayor of the Italian city of
Lodi has ordered all migrant families
there to provide documents on their
financial status including property they
own in their home countries failure to
comply could result in the loss of
social benefits including transportation
and school lunch subsidies for their
children we're in the same room but we
have to stay in the back corner
if there are people who have money
houses or land in their home countries
why should we give them services for
free while Italians pay for everything
enough the gravy train is finished this
is not racism it's justice and good
sense
but you that it's not I don't have
answers for my son what should I say we
as foreigners have to produce these
documents
one of my classmates said he wants to
eat his sandwich with us
miss initial it should be forbidden to
impede integration of kids with others
it's a pity fairy town children who've
lost your opportunity to interact with
other cultures bellissimo okay I
completely agree with the man's decision
because all those foreigners have
properties in their countries of origin
to this scene the call the mayor's
measure is unfair just because they
might have property abroad doesn't mean
they're rich here Connie Jeanne martini
Tunisians Moroccans and others could
easily get the papers through the
councils nevertheless kids still have to
be respected more than adults
very large majority of migrants actually
are economic migrants so they do not
qualify for refugee status and in that
case you know most of these children as
a result of that come from families who
have taken a risk and who have put their
families at risk and their children at
risk just to take advantage of a system
that is really there has been put in
place by Italian families over
generations so it's not about excluding
them but asking them to pay to to follow
the same laws that apply to Italian
families it's nothing else than that so
if anything it's about equality
non-discrimination
