new revelations have emerged on CIA
director Gina hassles past involvement
in the torture of terror suspects the
files were released by the National
Security Archive from they date back to
2002 when Hospital ran a secret CIA
detention center in Thailand they
described torture sessions run by
psychologists working as contractors for
the CIA techniques ranged from physical
and psychological harassment to
isolation in a box details included
hooded confinement of machinery in the
large box forced nudity adjusting his
shackles and slamming him against the
walling panel interrogators covered the
subjects head with the hood and left him
on the waterboard
moaning shaking and asking God to help
him repeatedly interrogators were going
to get the truth out of the subject
eventually one of the files contains
details on the interrogation of an
al-qaeda terrorist captured in 2002 he
spent four years in CIA black sites
including the one in Thailand under
Jeana hospitals watch well he was
subsequently transferred to Guantanamo
Bay where he is to this day his case was
highlighted back in 2014 by the Senate
Intelligence Committee the committee
released a report saying interrogations
had obtained no useful information from
Abdul Rahim al-nashiri however when
questioned by the Senate before taking
office Hospital insisted that
intelligence gained from al-qaeda
suspects had proved vital the president
has asserted that torture works do you
agree with that statement senator I I I
don't believe that torture works I
believe as many people directors who
have sat in this chair before me that
valuable information was obtained from
senior al-qaeda operatives that allowed
us to defend this country and prevent
another attack former CIA officer Ray
McGovern says war crimes were
perpetrated at that black site that
hospital ran Jena hospital was not was
playing fast and loose with the truth at
her hearing and she was allowed to do
that she was
to classify the derogatory information
on herself before the hearing she
supervised the torture to see the
graphic detail here walling that's
nothing short of banging someone's head
into a wall the water treatment that's
waterboarding condemned by all manner of
nations because was practiced by the
Japanese during World War two war crime
and so to see this kind of thing
revealed in gory detail the only solace
I get from this is the fact that our
system of law sometimes works and that
is that the National Security Archive
that did a Freedom of Information
request for this got these details
you
