learn more about the 2018 hacking
contest that's what the link says in yes
it's from a real website and the
contests real - it's for kids and it's
not being held in Russia what this is
America
anyway meet the winner 11 year old
Audrey maybe won the election it just
took her ten minutes to hack a replica
of an election office website in one of
the battleground states these are
members of Congress they work hard to
approve budget grants to sort out
election cyber security the one for 2018
was 380 million bucks
these are child hackers I mean
contestants they tap their keyboards to
prove that within minutes America's
election IT systems are a piece of
garbage 35 out of the 39 youngsters
taking part this year we're able to do
just that so how come there haven't been
any warnings from grown-up specialists
well actually there have it looks like
you don't have to turn pro to be a
meddling master and outsmart security
efforts worth hundreds of millions of
dollars
don't bother guessing who'll be the ones
to take advantage come November we've
already been told many times there's no
doubt Russian hackers ahead of the
minion and security of our next election
the Russians are targeting members of
Congress the u.s. midterm elections are
just around the corner and Russia's
attack continues to haunt the United
States Russian election interference in
the 2018 midterms the Russians have not
reduced their hacking it's even the
first thing the prodigies at the
conference will tell you which could
also be a great excuse when someone asks
the suit's
why the system is vulnerable to say the
least by the way when the goodwill
hackers looked back at their previous
conference they wrote if Russia can
attack our election so can others it
Ronn North Korea Isis or even criminal
or extremist groups because let's face
it if hacking an American election is
child's play perhaps it's time the guys
in charge did their homework on where
the real threats are
you
