thousands of Arab Israelis have taken to
the streets of Tel Aviv denouncing a
controversial new law the Israeli
Parliament recently passed a Jewish
nation state bill crowds chanted resist
apartheid and we are all brothers
the new law downgraded Arabic from an
official language of Israel to a
language with so-called special status
journalist anna
reitman was at the rally for RT we
rabbit al Aviv municipality at Rabine
Square where an estimated 18,000
demonstrators have shown up to protest
the nation-state bill one can hear calls
for peaceful relations between Jews and
Arabs one can see lots of signs that are
in both Hebrew and Arabic talking about
shame over the law and people have come
from all over the country in order to
protest here today the legislation
states that Israel is the nation-state
of the Jewish people with exclusive
rights to self-determination supporters
say that individual rights will continue
to be protected under Israeli democracy
and that the bill is the will of the
majority critics of the nation-state
legislation which has constitutional
weight object that it does not include a
provision stay
that all Israelis are equal under the
law this is the mark for first-class
citizenship this is a multi-floral
equality and for a dignity the nation is
that law is a discriminatory law
it basically capitalized the arab a
community within israel as a second or
third class citizens and we are here to
say that we cannot allow that and we
will continue our struggle to repeal
this law and to achieve full equality in
our homeland I don't think this law will
immediately affect people directly it's
not that the law says that something bad
will happen to Arabs immediately but I
think that in the long run I think it's
a it's a big mistake to start making
laws discriminate against tabs and so on
it's called a nation law it's mean this
said it should be to that Jill and me as
minority as are I should be our so it's
really it's unbelievable it's a
dictatorship it's going to be apartheid
cell it's going to be a dictatorship
State and I want to serve this is a
democracy this rally follows several
demonstrations one of which included
tens of thousands of members of the
jerusem you
who are Arab speaking Israeli citizens
that also serve in the military it's
expected that the battle against the
nation's state law will continue to the
Supreme Court several petitions have
been filed against it
demonstrators are now marching about a
kilometer away to Tel Aviv Museum where
the rally will continue
you
