turn into a terminal count poll
conducted by the launch conductor where
the launch conductor will pull each
engineer and verify that their systems
are in fact ready with a simple go and
that indicates that the launch is ready
in Delta's ready to fly and we're just
about 18 seconds away from that poll
live on your screen you can see the
delta 4 heavy rocket with the additional
third stage at Space Launch Complex 37 I
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and
we'll listen in to this poll and about
five seconds status check to proceed
with terminal count
first aid systems propulsion go
hydraulics go locks go LH to go second
stage systems logs go LH to go third
stage systems there's a bitch vehicle
manager go
electrical systems airborne go ground go
facility go our FFTs go flight control
go comm go jcq go operation support go
pneumatics go umbilicals go has gas go
ACS go redline monitor go quality go op
safety manager go your life safety
officer go vehicle system engineer go
I'm not my chief go branch coordinator
clear to proceed
launch director you have permission to
launch
proceeding with the count and make you
establish swingarm lock pins polled
active and we just heard the poll with
all stations reporting that there go for
launch
elissa we're entering the final few
minutes of the count here about 5
minutes and 45 seconds before we launch
and can you tell me what it means to
United Launch Alliance to be able to
launch the Parker Solar Probe mission
yeah ula is always excited about doing
interplanetary missions the chance to
get to explore the solar system is
something that we look forward to and
are happy to be a part of this mission
means a lot to us
is Delta heavy so Delta he gets to show
off its performance and and get Parker
Solar Probe exactly where it needs to go
which is the only rocket currently that
can can do that so we're excited to be a
part of that yeah well thank you very
much for being with us and enjoy the
launch today thank you you as well thank
you all - five minutes ovm transfer a
third stage to internal power
Roger all steps are complete prior to
terminal count
and we have about 30 seconds remaining
and our hold in the team - clock after
that the L - and the team - clocks will
be synced up you're looking at a live
shot the delta 4 heavy rocket poised for
liftoff from Space Launch Complex 37 at
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and
we'll pick up the count five four three
two one two - four minutes and Counting
- 355 ground Pyro's enabled
and once again 25 we're about three
minutes and 20 seconds before liftoff
Amit can you tell me what we have left
to go in the next three minutes
yeah the teams are securing locks and
llh to liquid hydrogen tank in there
they'll be finishing that up getting
ready to go internal you'll hear a call
for spacecraft power to internal they'll
be arming their flight termination
systems and getting ready for launch and
then bringing the delta 4 heavy launch
vehicle onto internal power to prepare
for the final terminal count
- 249 and we are coming up very shortly
on the verification that spacecraft
being on internal CBC locks light
pressure and flight level - 230 and SC
verify spacecraft on internal power
verified
and we are t-minus two minutes five
seconds and counting after liftoff we'll
be listening to the voice of United
Launch Alliance Patrick Moore providing
acent commentary 155 launch sequence or
start
1:40 FCS launch enable 137 CBC lh2 at
flight pressure and flight level FPS
armed - 120 will see you are FCS count
started - - one minute
engine starts go rock report range
status Ranger in 50 lv o LC o vm there's
always go for launch
Rangers selective size LH to secure fly
level 40
- 30 status check go Delta go PSP - 15
brophy ignition 10 9 - or star 8 7 6 5 3
2 1 0 liftoff of the mighty delta 4
heavy rocket with NASA's Parker Solar
Probe a daring mission to shed light on
the mysteries of our closest star the
Sun
we are educated look good in a full
dress code
25 seconds into flight can you look good
on all three booster
from that core booster throttling down
to the partial thrust mode response
looks good
now 50 seconds into flight strap-on
boosters look good in the full thrust
mode core booster looks good in the
market for us but now one minute into
flight equal trajectory looking good
right down the middle grades track one
minute 10 seconds into flight
they up on one minute 19 seconds into
flight max Q maximum dynamic pressure
and Mach 1 l spores now supersonic one
minute 30 seconds into flight port and
starboard booster engines continue look
good in the full thrust mode before
booster looks good in the partial thrust
mode one minute 45 seconds in the flight
trajectory continuing to look good right
down the middle the range track ACS
press valve has been opened ACS pressure
response looks good two minutes 10
seconds in strap-on boosters continue to
look good in the full thrust mode core
booster looks good in the partial thrust
mode and Delta 4 has gone to closed-loop
guidance 2 minutes 30 seconds into
flight
and at 2 minutes 39 seconds into flight
the Delta 4 rocket now weighs just one
half of what it did it launched burning
propellant at a rate of almost 5,000
pounds per second and launch vehicle is
now 33 miles in altitude 49 miles
downrange distance traveling at 4,500
miles per hour 3 minutes into flight
rs-68 a engines in the port and
starboard boosters continue look good in
the full thrust mode core booster looks
good in the partial thrust mode 3
minutes 15 seconds into flight
trajectory continuing to look good down
the middle of the rains track
approximately two minutes remaining the
boost phase of flight chamber pressures
continuing to look good on all three
boosters horton starboard booster and
the full thrust mode core booster
continuing in the partial thrust mode
and standing by for a strap-on booster
throttle down momentary port and
starboard boosters have begun to
throttle down and we have jettison of
both strap-on boosters curb booster has
throttled back up to full thrust
response looks good
four minutes 25 seconds into flight
upper-stage lock system has begun boost
phase chill down sequence and one minute
remaining in boost phase of flight an
upper stage fuel system has begun blue
states chill down
I've been attending flight just over 30
seconds now remaining in first aid first
stage phase of flight core booster
engine continues to look good in the
full thrust mode the equal trajectory
continuing down the middle deranged
track 5 minutes 20 seconds into flight
and standing by for core booster
throttle down momentarily core booster
has begun to throttle down standing by
for Pico and we have Beco booster engine
cutoff stand by for stage step and we
have good indication of stage separation
that is deploying we have pre start on
the all tent and we have ignition on the
Alton engine and didn't chamber pressure
looks good
and we have good indication of payload
fairing jettison now six minutes 20
seconds into flight and with the boost
phase of flight complete Parker Solar
Probe will now continue its journey to
the Sun
and it's six minutes 50 seconds into
flight rl10 chamber pressure looks good
seeing good responses on the upper-stage
RCS system and after a brief review of
booster performance seeing very close to
nominal performance on the booster
in this first burn of the second-stage
will last approximately four minutes 42
seconds now seven minutes 30 seconds
into flight about three minutes
remaining in the first burn
and at eight minutes 30 seconds into
flight Carlton chamber pressure
continues to look good seeing very
stable values on the upper stage lox and
LH to tanks HDS storage bottle pressure
looks good and vehicle body rates are
very smooth
now nine minutes into flight
at nine minutes forty seconds into
flight just under one minute remaining
now in the first burn of the second
stage second stage continuing to perform
nominally Carleton engine performing
well tank pressures look good vehicle
body rates remain smooth and then attend
to flight and about thirty seconds
remaining in the first burn
and standing back from eco one
momentarily
and we have Miko
body rate smoothing out nicely and now
seeing upper stage ACS firings as
expected now 11 minutes into flight and
this will be approximately a 13 minute
coaster ation prior to mess to
from the mission director center I'm
joined once again by Elissa Macbeth if
he not at launch alliance for those of
you that are watching we had an on-time
liftoff today at the Delta for a heavy
rocket and Alyssa can you tell me have a
launch one oh my goodness that was a
beautiful launch just the sound and
everything oh it was great
it's looking good so far - we saw good
separation of the Boosters from the main
core and the booster from the second
stage just experienced
Mikko one there there's going to be two
burns of the second stage so that's
coming up in the second burn second
engine start and then in just 40
approximately 45 minutes we'll see the
payload separation so everything's
looking good so far great and can you
tell me a little bit about about about
your experience working with ula and
what it's like to work in Mission like
this again yeah so I get to I get to
work with the the innards of the rocket
the electronics the avionics boxes
ordnance pyrotechnics all that kind of
stuff so working on a mission like this
is something really special to be able
to get your hands on on on a vehicle
like this and do
