American Chemical giant Monsanto has
suffered a major blow after losing a
landmark trial over claims its best
selling weed killer causes cancer a US
Court ruled the company was responsible
for the terminal illness of a school
groundskeeper the jury unanimously
agreed that Monsanto acted with malice
and ordered them to pay almost 300
million dollars in damages the case
could set a precedent for thousands of
other claims against the chemical giant
Dewayne Johnson who was diagnosed with
non-hodgkins lymphoma in 2014
says his case is much bigger than just a
personal victory since beginning this
case I've received a lot of support and
a lot of thank-you and a lot of Prayer
and a lot of everything just good energy
from a lot of people that I don't even
know you know and I'm glad to be here to
help with this situation after I learned
about roundup and glyphosate and
everything I'm glad to be here to be
able to help with it cause it's way
bigger than me the dispute over the
cancer risks of Monsanto products have
been going on for decades with the main
focus on one key ingredient glyphosate
now a widespread herbicide it was
discovered by a monsanto chemist back in
1970 but in March 2015 the World Health
Organisation's Agency for cancer
research concluded that it could be
carcinogenic Monsanto though claims that
its product safety has been backed up by
scientific research however some reports
allege that the company paid scientists
to publish the study affirming roundup
safety the company has pledged to appeal
the court's decision cancer is a
terrible disease but when you asked me
about the verdict today the verdict
doesn't change the science glyphosate is
safe it has been used safely for more
than four decades around the entire
world it has been studied with and there
are more than 800 published
peer-reviewed studies that demonstrate a
safety the claims over Monsanto products
and the possible risks have sparked
numerous protests around the world in
recent years
you
