the US is refusing to publicly put
pressure on Saudi Arabia over its
alleged role in the disappearance of a
journalist in Turkey Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo wouldn't be drawn on the
existence of a recording supposedly
handed over by Ankara to the u.s. of
Jamal asaji suspected murder and
dismemberment - in the Saudi consulate
in Istanbul it does put Washington in a
tricky situation between two allies with
Turkey privately accusing Riyadh of
killing the dissident Saudi reporter two
weeks ago well we know what they could
have discussed they could have gotten to
the bottom of whether or not Jamal
khashoggi was indeed killed tortured and
then dismembered as the council watched
as reports seem to indicate however it
seems that they focused rather on what
seemed to be almost perfect about the
us-saudi relationship we have lots of
important relationships financial
relationships between US and Saudi
companies governmental relationship
things we work on together all across
the world the efforts to reduce the risk
to the United States of America from the
world's largest state-sponsored terror
on those are important elements of US
national policy that are for our in
American's best interests now Mike
Pompeo is comments referred to Saudi
Arabia as a purchaser of American goods
primarily military hardware and he
seemed to talk about Saudi Arabia as an
ally against what he sees is the primary
source of evil in the region Iran now
this is not so much different from what
we heard from Mike Pompeo s boss the US
president Saudi Arabia has been a very
important ally of ours in the Middle
East and we are stopping Iran we're not
trying to stop we're stopping Iran we
want a big step where we took away that
ridiculous
was made by the previous administration
and they are an ally we have other very
good allies in the Middle East but if
you look at Saudi Arabia they're an ally
under a tremendous purchaser Donald
Trump's comments come as there's a huge
amount of pressure mounting on the
administration in response to outrage
about the cash og incident president
Trump is criticizing the condemnation of
Saudi Arabia over the case of missing
journalist Jamal khashoggi president's
stunning statement as three sources tell
CNN that a high-ranking officer with the
Saudi intelligence agency oversaw but
the Saudis are now claiming was an
interrogation of Hasek G he walked into
a building and never came out of the
building what are we talking about in
the building was Saudi if Khashoggi x'
dead said republican senator marco rubio
today the u.s. must respond or it risks
its own standing the administration
assures us that saudi arabia will get to
the bottom of what actually took place
eventually we're gonna give them the
space to complete their investigations
of this incident and when they issue
their reports will form our judgment
about the thoroughness depth and the
decisions they make about accountability
connected to that so the world just
needs to sit back and have faith in the
kingdom of saudi arabia meanwhile riyadh
denies any involvement in Hassan's
disappearance former US diplomat Jim
stress though believes that Washington
will do anything to keep the Saturday's
onside against Iran let's remember that
the Trump administration for a number of
reasons but I think primarily influenced
from Israel and Saudi Arabia has a
vendetta against Iran that Iran is
responsible for everything wrong in the
world or Iran is the number one sponsor
of terrorism Iran is is is a regional
threat of course this is all nonsense
but this is what the Israelis and the
Saudis want that is the primary policy
that unites Washington with Riyadh and I
think they find want to find some way to
preserve that so I think this is a way
of emphasizing in an American context of
that we somehow need the Saudis in order
to confront this very very evil threat
come
from Iran
