and more can you tell me a little about
that the partnership that it takes to
get this yeah it's done absolutely it is
a team effort all the way around to get
a mission this far and prepared for
launch mission teams working around the
country built tested and prepared the
rocket the spacecraft ahead of launch
this morning this included teams from
United Launch Alliance in Denver
Colorado and in their production
facility at Decatur Alabama NASA's
Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt
Maryland John Hopkins Applied Physics
lab in Laurel Maryland and the team
right here in Florida we had a
spacecraft team processing Parker Solar
Probe over in Astrotech in Titusville
Florida and of course those folks here
the launch teams at Cape Canaveral Air
Force Station in the mission directors
Center and the Delta Operations Center
and that's a live shot there inside
hangar AE and now inside the Doppler
Delta Operations Center where NASA
launch manager Omar Baez and the ula
launch director Luo man Jerry are
working with teams to launch the delta 4
heavy that you see on your screen there
which our launch time is now targeted
for 353 a.m. so Nick and I will continue
to monitor the countdown here in the
mission directors Center and we'll go
back to Murray for more about the NASA's
Parker Solar Probe Murray all right
thanks guys
Tory is standing by live now at one of
our launch viewing areas with one of
NASA's senior leaders dr. Thomas is our
Buchan Tory
thanks Marie dr. subbu can you lead
NASA's science Mission Directorate tell
us about the significance of this
mission and what it means and why we
need to study the Sun up close this is
one of our strategically important
missions and the core mission in the
Helio physics program which is one of
the four disciplines where we're
studying it's so important because of
two reasons first of all it's a basic
astrophysics question is how stars he
their atmospheres their corona and
especially our star the most important
star in the whole universe which is ours
how it does that just by itself that's a
really worthwhile question and it's
worth your studying but it's also
important because of space sweater
namely that the star that corona is
immersing us here at Earth and our
astronauts and is part of the hazards of
space and we want to learn how to
predict that because it affects our
lives and our technological
infrastructure both in space and on the
ground absolutely so I understand that
this is the very first mission in which
NASA named a spacecraft after a living
person
dr. Eugene Parker and I also understand
that you were the one who had the
opportunity to make that phone call so
tell us what that means to you and why
was so important to name this mission
after him so first of all there's only
one name that fits on that mission it's
the name of the pioneer that started it
all and frankly I figured out with my
team that our 35 missions in our entire
portfolio that studied the kind of
things that Jim Parker yeah predicted or
studied during his scientific lifetime
so so it's just incredible hero of our
science community and it was really
exciting you know I knew again from
being a young scientist and getting to
know him admiring him and it was really
cool to call him up and kind of surprise
him a little bit I remember it's like
you know first you know it's like you
know I explained Who I am is like I I'm
at you it's like okay like would you be
okay if we named a mission after you is
like I guess so first person who ever
has been asked that kind of question so
it's just really cool cool
what an incredible opportunity so dr.
Parker is going to be here with us today
I mean what is it what are you thinking
that about the fact that you are about
to watch this launch - right alongside
him I think it's just absolutely
incredible for me also it-it's
incredible for him and his family I'm so
glad his family's here - but it's
incredible for me just because it's a
touching moment right it's got one of
those in a life is all about these big
arcs and you know sometimes you just see
I'm like however a lifetime things come
together and create these amazing
stories kind of these leaves going
forward I'm just so glad to be here with
him well thank you for joining us and
Marie with that we'll go back to you
alright thanks Tori discovering why the
sun's outer atmosphere is so much hotter
than its surface is a mystery that dates
back almost 150 years and it remains one
of the greatest unanswered questions in
astrophysics here's a look at how far
the scientific community has come the
sun's core is the hottest part of the
Sun but our stars temperature doesn't
behave as you might expect the core is
roughly 27 million degrees Fahrenheit
and 10 times more dense than gold as you
move outward the layers of the Sun
become cooler and less dense something
unusual however occurs when you reach
the outermost layer while the surface is
around 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit the
corona the sun's outer atmosphere is
several hundred times hotter that's the
opposite of what happens with a fire
when it gets cooler the farther away you
get scientists call this the coronal
heating problem and evidence for this
was first uncovered during an eclipse in
the 1800s the corona is usually hard to
see it's too dim to be seen next to the
sun's bright body it can be seen with
the naked eye when the moon blocks the
Sun during a total solar eclipse to
understand how this mystery was
discovered it helps to know how
scientists started studying the chemical
properties of materials on Earth in the
early 1800s instruments named
spectroscopes were invented to identify
materials that emit light when heated
light enters the spectroscope and is
filtered through
tiny hole to isolate a single area it
then bounces off a special grating that
disperses light into its different
wavelengths while sunlight contains
every wavelength scientists discovered
that every chemical element and compound
contains a unique pattern of wavelengths
that allows scientists to determine the
composition of light sources it wasn't
long before astronomers started
extracting information from the light of
distant stellar objects in 1869 two
scientists
independently decided to point a
spectroscope toward the corona during a
total solar eclipse as the sun's light
disappeared the pattern of wavelengths
changed they saw something they had
never seen before a bright green line
that did not relate to any element found
on earth for short while scientists
named it caronian it wasn't until 70
years later that a Swedish scientist
discovered that these lines were the
result of elements such as iron being
stripped of its electrons every element
has a specific number of electrons
surrounding the nucleus as each electron
is removed more energy is needed to
remove the next one the green line shows
that iron has been stripped off thirteen
of its 26 electrons indicating that the
corona needed to be millions of degrees
counter-intuitively far hotter than the
sun's surface scientists have since
proposed a variety of theories for what
mechanisms could be adding the extra
heat into the atmosphere one theory
suggests that small waves in the Sun
surface fishes particles and heat into
the atmosphere a bit like how ocean
waves pressure surface another theory
suggests more bomb-like exclusions from
the realignment of the sun's magnetic
field create heat
many scientists think it may be a mix of
both we've studied the corona from earth
during many eclipses but to solve our
stars biggest mystery we have to make
direct observations from the region
itself
we've had some stormy weather these last
few days here at the Cape but it's been
pretty clear overnight so far let's
check in with Josh and Mick in the
mission director Center for weather
update guys Thank You Murray we are just
a few moments out from receiving a
weather briefing from the 45th Space
Wing now launch weather office tonight
will give us our final weather briefing
for the launch countdown which launch
teams need to know but when we're also a
little bit out from entering a hold and
MIT can you tell me a little bit about
the hold
yeah the t-minus four hold that's coming
up is the last opportunity for the team
to take a look at the vehicle all
aspects of their sensors and data
everything that's going on with the
Delta 4 launch vehicle this evening to
make sure they're ready to enter the
count and they've finished up their
cryogenic loading or should say workout
working on finishing that up going into
topping and maintaining of the first and
second stage getting ready to cycle vent
vows and test out those areas of the
first and second stage
so this hold will give them the chance
to just kind of do one last look of the
vehicle and verify that everything is
ready and proceeding forward for a
launch that early this morning so while
we wait for the whole which will bring
to you live can you tell us a little bit
about the US air force and other things
they do so and only do they look at
whether they also look at what's called
colas or collision avoidance and we
heard earlier in the countdown that
they're no colas for the T zero time or
or at the launch window but can you tell
us why we look at that and about the
cola process yeah absolutely the the
weather the launch window tonight we've
mentioned is 65 minutes so we've used up
some of that already so we have 45
minutes left in the window and the US
Air Force performs a color or collision
avoidance analysis one of the
considerations they have to do in
analyzing is for objects in space for
example there might be other satellites
that are around Earth that could be in
the flight path of the delta 4 heavy
tonight once we launch so as we look at
this analysis as you said there are no
cutouts or no colas for this evening in
the launch window for the teams that
they have to be aware of so they'll
continue to process forward with this 45
minute window only interesting things
about it is they actually start the coal
analysis several days before launch and
then provide the last report up to the
launch managers on launch day and get
ready to help determine the t0 for
today's launch and it sounds like we're
just about to tie into this weather
briefing this RC on weather conference
net eight indicate ready to proceed LD
LD NLM NLM Ald AFL D and we'll proceed
this is yellow there's no clouds affect
our area and not expecting to have
anything significant affect our area in
the next 30 minutes looking at our
constraints we're going all constraints
and not a concern for any space weather
as well currently now we have just a 5%
chance of violating launch constraints
this concludes the weather briefing
unless for any questions indicate
questions are acknowledged LD LD NLM NLM
no questions Ald a if LD
mr. Weatherbee Thank You Elmo well and
that was the weather briefing that you
just heard short and sweet which means
we have good weather for the night as
you can see on your screen the delta 4
heavy there no clouds that were
concerned with today earlier in the
count we were a little bit worse off but
we've gotten better so no clouds to
worry about or go on all constraints
that probability of violation which is
the POV number you see there is 5
percent meaning that were 95 percent go
the winds are about 5 knots out of the
west and temperatures sitting at about
78 79 degrees so no concerns for us
tonight which is a really good thing and
so that's the Delta 4 that you see on
your screen there with the additional
third stage and we're at now at t-minus
eight minutes 20 seconds and counting
and for that we'll go back to Murray
Lewis for more information all right
thanks Josh Parker Solar Probe will set
off to soak up the Sun in about 28
minutes but it's already had quite the
journey here's a look at the months of
work that led to this moment
for those of you just joining us welcome
to our live coverage of the Parker Solar
Probe mission to kiss the Sun and unlock
its mysteries
Parker Solar Probe is targeted to launch
at 3:53 this morning Eastern Time from
launch complex 37 at Cape Canaveral Air
Force Station in Florida the launch
window will be open for 65 minutes
Parker will take off on a United Launch
Alliance Delta 4 heavy rocket speeding
up to four hundred thirty thousand miles
per hour in orbit that's fast enough to
get from Philadelphia to Washington DC
in one second it will travel seven times
closer to the Sun than any spacecraft
before Parker will help us understand
how the Sun affects weather in space and
why is that important well first a
little background
Parker Solar Probe is named after dr.
Eugene Parker a physicist who figured
out 60 years ago that our star actually
has its own wind and storms and they can
spread far into space this space weather
can disrupt communication signals from
our satellites and even cause power
outages
besides impacts here on the ground we
also need to understand solar wind to
help us explore deeper into space just
as ocean explorers need to understand
currents NASA needs to understand space
weather to help us send astronauts to
the moon Mars and other distant
destinations
to help us understand more about this
space weather let's go over to Tori with
a live guest to help explain Tori thanks
Marie
Nikki let's talk space weather help us
and help us understand
dr. Parker's theory of the solar wind so
a lot of people get very excited about
big space weather events when we have
coronal mass ejections and flares and
storms but what a lot of people don't
realize is that the Sun is continually
throwing off this solar wind it is
continually expanding and bathing all of
the planets so even if it isn't a really
big storm we can still see the impact of
space weather here on earth because the
solar wind is continually buffeting our
planet when we see the very big events
however that lets a lot of energy into
the Earth's magnetosphere and down into
our atmosphere causing it to glow we
think of that as the very beautiful
northern and southern lights that's a
current system in the sky and that can
cause problems for Peregrine's here on
earth problems to spacecraft out in in
orbit problems for astronauts problems
for GPS accuracy lots and lots of
impacts of space weather all driven by
the solar wind as predicted by Jean
Parker so there's a lot of great reasons
we should be going on this mission and
exploring the Sun yes
and what about this has been 60 years in
the making right so how has this mission
involved since then so it's kind of an
interesting thing because we've had to
wait for our technology to really catch
up with what we want to do and yet it's
because we have so much technology here
on earth now that we rely on every day
we're now even more susceptible to the
Sun than we were 60 years ago if you
think 60 years ago if you wanted to make
a phone call you had a rotary dial phone
there was attached to a wall and now you
hold it in the palm of your hand with
more technology than you can even
believe and so we've needed that leap in
technology to be able to enable us to do
this incredible mission that is
definitely incredible and what about you
personally you've been you've been on
this mission for eight years now yes
eight years and so it's a it's it's a
long it's been a long road but it seems
like it's gone by like that
it's just wonderful to work with this
team and it's incredible to be standing
here today looking at that delta 4 heavy
over there and waiting for it to take to
the skies or will you be watching the
launch with dr. Parker himself I will be
I'm privileged I'll be standing right
behind him or as close to him as I can
be and I can't wait to see the look on
his face when that delta 4 heavy clears
the pad wonderful well I have to say one
of the things I've admired most about
throughout this mission has been your
incredible wardrobe
today's rocket yes yes well we're
definitely looking forward to this
incredible lunch and with that Murray
will go back to you all right thanks
Tori and Nikki let's go back to Franklin
with more from Helio physicist Eric
Christian Franklin Thank You Marie
Eric during our first segment we talked
about the first question that Parker
Solar Probe is going to answer but there
were actually two more tell us about
them so one of the questions you saw a
nice presentation from NASA on and
that's the coronal heating problem why
is the corona of so much hotter than the
surface of the Sun really strange
Parker Solar Probe is going to be in the
region where the corona is still being
heated and so we can exactly see exactly
where that heat is coming from the other
question is how is the solar wind this
stream of particles blows out from the
Sun in all directions and how is that
accelerated up to a million miles an
hour we don't know and from Earth the
entire signature the origin gets smeared
out 93 million miles as it travels from
the Sun to the earth we need to be close
to the Sun in order to answer these
basic questions now we were talking
about the the smearing that you were
talking about just now earlier today
when we're doing a rollback segments and
you said that the solar winds from the
Sun can stretch as far as Pluto they go
out way beyond Pluto actually the Sun
has blown a bubble in interstellar space
that we call the heliosphere it's what
helium physicists consider to be the
solar system goes out beyond the orbit
of Pluto and we now have a spacecraft
Voyager 1 that for the first time has
effed that bubble everything inside that
bubble is solar wind particles solar
wind magnetic field outside is
interstellar space
the space in between the stars so we
have an interstellar probe now in
Voyager one hopefully Voyager 2 will be
joining it soon now when we talk about
solar solar weather solar storms you
mentioned to me a story about dr. Parker
and how he looked at a comet and how
solar weather affected the comet tell
that tell us about that so one of the
interesting thing about comets is the
tails don't lead or follow the comet's
movement this comet tails always point
away from the Sun in the only way that
can happen if something is blowing off
the Sun faster than the comet is moving
and it was that clue that led Jean
Parker to writing down the theory of the
solar wind for the first time now we
talk about fairies do you have any that
you are actually looking at when it
comes to what Parker Solar Probe is
actually going to find when it flies
through the corner of the Sun so there
are several competing theories for all
the questions that we're talking about
all three I'll bet they're all wrong
every time we've gone someplace new in
the solar system we've been surprised I
fully expect to be surprised by this
mission it's got great instruments we're
going to some place so that no one's
ever been to before we're going to learn
something new and that's the fun part of
science well that's great to hear and we
definitely look forward to getting the
data from the Parker Solar Probe dr.
Christian thanks for being with us today
Maria back to you Thank You Franklin
Parker Solar Probe will use its heat
shield to protect itself against the Sun
the shield is so robust watches
engineers from Johns Hopkins Applied
Physics lab use a blowtorch to
demonstrate how it works
here we have a piece of the heat shield
for Parker Solar Probe which is a
sandwich panel made of carbon that's
like the graphite epoxy you might find
in your golf clubs your tennis racquets
some carbon foam and then another piece
of carbon carbon on the back it's very
lightweight as you can see and here I've
got a blowtorch and I'm gonna use it to
get the front surface of this glowing
hot and then we'll have a nice
demonstrator come in and touch the back
like this and so let's get this dirty
you can start seeing it glowing red the
real heat shield gets up to about 2500
degrees Fahrenheit which we're not going
to do today but we are going to get it
to a couple hundred degrees Fahrenheit
so it's going pretty good now throat is
letting you touch the back surface of
that what does it feel like
nice and cool he says
it is just how we like it keeping the
spacecraft we are now just minutes from
liftoff let's go over to the mission
director center for a live update from
United Launch Alliance and then Josh
will take us through the count Josh
thank you very much I'm now joined by
alyssa macbeth from United Launch
Alliance welcome to the program Alisa
thank you for having me
it's great to be here and Alisa can you
tell me a little bit about ula and what
has been like to work on this Parker
Solar Probe mission yeah so it's so
exciting to always get to work on an
interplanetary mission it's a great
opportunity for you LA to launch a
rocket that will put the satellite in
orbit to Venus and eventually to the Sun
that's very exciting that we get to play
a part in exploring the solar system and
so I understand that you also brought a
video with you that shows a little bit
about the Delta for after that t0 moment
where it takes off through through the
flight and show us the video sure delta
4 heavy rocket 3 delta 4 rs-68 a main
engines ignite and generate more than
2.1 million pounds of thrust to lift the
rocket away from the pad the Delta 4
reaches Mach 1 the speed of sound at one
minute 18 seconds at 3 minutes 56
seconds the port and starboard booster
engines shut down 2 seconds later the
boosters are jettisoned at 5 minutes 36
seconds propellant levels deplete and a
main engine shuts down seven seconds
later the Delta 4 separation system
activates
to release the first-stage at five
minutes 55 seconds
the first Delta cryogenic second stage
or DCSS main engine burn begins at
approximately six minutes five seconds
the payload fairing is jettisoned at ten
minutes 37 seconds cut off of the DCSS
engine or Miko one occurs at 22 minutes
25 seconds
the DCSS main engine has restarted for
the second burn approximately 14 minutes
later second cut off of the DCSS main
engine occurs following a 30 second
coast phase the third stage is separated
20 seconds later the third stage is
ignited approximately one minute 29
seconds later burnout of the third stage
solid rocket motor occurs at 43 minutes
10 seconds the third stage releases
NASA's Parker's Solar Probe spacecraft
on its journey to the Sun
so it looks like it gets pretty exciting
at t0 for the delta 4 heavy with the
additional third stage so you're often
on constable for United Launch Alliance
missions and can you characterize what
it's like to sit on console during a
mission yes definitely so overall it's
very exciting to be on console but at
this point we have prepared and planned
and spent so much time - up until this
point that we're just ready to go at
this point so what else is cool about
United Launch Alliance is that we have a
team of people at the launch site as
well as in Denver our headquarters that
are supporting on consoles so these are
the systems engineers who are experts in
launching rockets and they have gotten
to this point where they are they know
everything to the minut detail of what's
going on and like I said we're just
ready to go and we're excited to be a
part of it and so can you tell me what's
happened up to this point the countdown
and what we can expect before launch
yeah so we're about to enter into hold
in a couple minutes here so at this
point the rocket is fully fueled there
are a team of engineers who have
performed some testing final testing on
the avionics systems and at this point
we are not working anything but getting
ready for that final poll before we head
into the terminal count
so United Launch Alliance has facilities
all over the US can you talk more about
about ula as a whole and what they've
put forward to design build and launch
this park or Solar Probe mission and how
do the team's company-wide work yeah
definitely so it takes a large group of
people exemplary people to get where we
are at this point so we have design
engineers who brilliantly produce and
develop a rocket and then the production
sites in Alabama in Texas provide a
perfect product to the launch site where
we put it all together and and do the
final installations and hook up
to prepare for launch so yeah we
teamwork as a standard at ula there's no
doubt about it that we hold that to a
high high degree and we wouldn't be we
wouldn't be United Launch Alliance
without that team so yeah all the sites
are working together and to get us to
this point
and for those of you that are just
joining us I'm sitting here with Elissa
Macbeth of United Launch Alliance and
we're inside of the t-minus four minute
hold this is a 20 minute hold so on our
launch clock we're about 11 minutes 40
seconds and counting on your screen
you're looking at a live shot of the
Delta 4 at Space Launch Complex 37 which
is the East Coast home for the delta 4
heavy rocket ELISA can you explain to me
why this mission is so significant to
United Launch Alliance yeah so this is
actually our sixth launch of this year
it's a hundred and twenty ninth
successful launch as ula since we formed
in 2006 as you say there are three
stages with this with this specific
payload and the energy required is
something that only our vehicle can do
it's the only rocket out there that can
do what Solar Parker Solar Probe needs
it to do so it's definitely significant
in terms of performance of our rocket we
get to kind of show off here a little
bit and show the world what you la can
do and again on your screen another shot
of the United Launch Alliance Delta for
heavy rocket at Space Launch Complex 37
behind it you see the mobile service
tower which is used to it provides an
access point for the rocket can you tell
us a little bit more about what the
mobile service tower does when it's
around the rocket yeah so the mobile
service tower provides 360-degree access
so any part of the rocket that you would
need to do get to in order to install
box that avionics pocket boxes or get to
the engines or install ordnance these
that mobile service tower provides that
access to do that and then at t0 that
axis goes away so you can see you have
the mobile service tower well the it
called the fixed umbilical tower there
and those arms will swing away and there
as the rocket lifts off so word an L -
ten minutes and Counting on the L clock
that T clock is still stopped at the
team - four-minute mark before we launch
NASA's Parker Solar Probe NASA's Parker
Solar Probe will determine the structure
and dynamics of the sun's coronal
magnetic field it'll understand how the
solar corona and wind are heated and
accelerated and determine what mechanism
accelerate and transport energetic
particles that was United Launch
Alliance indicating how to indicate a
holding account although we're still
marching toward a liftoff at 3:53 a.m.
Eastern Time we were inside of a team -
for a minute hold ready to proceed
LM verify red eye monitor and event
table are in the correct configuration
for terminal count verified
you're still looking at a live shot
there the base of the Delta for rocket
and Alyssa can you tell me a little bit
more about the Delta 4 yeah so the Delta
4 stands at approximately two hundred
and thirty three feet tall with a 5
meter payload fairing its first launch
was December 21st in 2004 and has had
successful launches since then it is
fully capable of launching up to
fourteen thousand pounds of payload and
has a unique ability with its second
stage to deliver a payload anywhere it
needs to go in the solar system
including the Sun and we're sitting at
about a minute out from one of our poles
can you tell us a little about what's
coming up with L minus end of Mark yeah
L minus seven like I said we're we're in
a point where we've reached all of our
milestones throughout the countdown and
we're getting ready to pull which is
basically a go from each of our systems
engineers to say that their systems are
ready for launch so the launch conductor
will go through the list of engineers
they will respond with a go and that is
an indication that the lunch is ready
and the Delta heavies ready to fly so
we're about 30 seconds from the pole
that elisa macbeth of United Launch
Alliance was just talking about on your
screen you see the delta 4 heavy rocket
poised for liftoff at 353 a.m. 15
seconds before that the pole
status check to proceed with terminal
count first ace isn't propulsion go
hydraulics go locks
oh hell H to go second stage systems
locks go H to go third stage systems
third stage vehicle manager go
electrical systems
airborne go ground go facility our FFTs
well flight control go calm
go g CQ go operations support no-go
pending the resolution of pâtisserie
normally just briefed on six Roger
pneumatics go umbilicals go has gas go
ACS go redline monitor go quality go op
safety manager go near lay safety yells
go echo system engineer no go via me
status Roger not my chief no go via me
status Roger Ranch corn air clear to
proceed
Roger ldl-c lb on one yeah we have a
novo conditions going to not ready with
your direction
Roger they'll see you switch not ready
AC please inform me of the not ready
condition
we will get your report as soon as
possible okay and as you just heard that
was the poll done at the L minus seven
mark and as you heard on the countdown
that there right now in a no-go status
will stand by for more information
they all personnel in that one all
console operators maintain a system
readiness
well the anomaly team to investigate the
condition and be ready for a new t0
coordination
if you're just joining us you see that
the clocks are at L minus four minutes t
minus four minutes during the terminal
count readiness poll that would allow us
to exit the team minus 4 minute hold we
had a condition but the teams are
looking into as we speak and so we'll
look to establish a new t0 at a time
coming up
Mik and I will continue to monitor the
situation here from the from the mission
directors Center and we'll bring you
more as we know
we're here in their mission director
center monitoring as launch teams
continue to work toward a liftoff time
make can you tell me what the launch
teams are working on
yeah the teams right now are you know in
the t-minus four holding
you heard the pole for the no-go
situation that they're doing and so the
teams are taking it this chance while
the assessment is being done to evaluate
what's going on
the other parts of the team are taking a
look at the rocket and and just
verifying that all other aspects of the
vehicle are still within specifications
and ready to proceed forward with a t0
tonight so as the EGS ii team takes a
look at what's going on they'll get back
to the launch director and launch
conductor to let them know their
resolution and we'll look forward for a
new t0 as we continue to hold here at t
minus 4 using up some of the window
that's still available right now we have
39 minutes left in the launch
availability window for this evening's
launch so you're looking at a live shot
at the delta 4 heavy with the additional
third stage on your screen there make
and I will continue to monitor the count
and we'll bring you updates as we know
it
you're looking at a live shot of the
delta 4 heavy rocket at Space Launch
Complex 37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force
Station on the bottom of the right of
your screen you see the t clock which is
stopped at the t-minus four minute mark
make can you tell us a little bit about
the clocks
yeah the T clock and is used by the team
to continue working through the launch
procedure we also have an L clock which
has the built-in hold times of course
we're at the t minus four and holding
point right now so there's no more hold
time remaining so we're actually in this
whole pattern using up some of our
available launch window this evening we
had 45 minutes left over in our launch
window we're down to 35 minutes in that
launch available window right now as
teams continue to work through the
issues that they've identified during
the last poll before moving into
terminal count you know it's been a very
busy morning for us here starting with
tower roll all the way through fueling
there have been a lot of things the team
has been working and they continue to
work diligently through this issue as
they want to assess and make sure
everything is in perfect order before
moving into the terminal count for a on
time liftoff later this morning
so while the t clock holds at the t
minus 4 mark we'll continue to monitor
the launch teams and we'll bring you
more updates
from Delta launch control we're at the
t-minus four minute mark and holding on
your screen you see the Delta 4 there
the delta 4 heavy with the additional
third stage teams are continuing to work
although the t clock is stopped and
we'll bring you more information as we
know it for the launch of nasa's parker
solar probe the parker solar probes
observations from directly inside the
corona will help scientists understand
why the sun's atmosphere is some 1,000
times hotter than its surface the
mission will provide unprecedented ly
close observations of the solar wind the
constant outflow with solar material
hurled from the Sun at a million miles
per hour
NASA's Parker Solar Probe will also
study how solar eruptions accelerate
particles to such energies that they can
pose a hazardous condition for
astronauts and technology in space
understanding more about the fundamental
processes near the Sun will provide key
information to better understand their
effects on the space environment near
Earth such as space weather can damage
the orbits of satellites
shorten their lifetimes or interfere
with onboard electronics the more we
learn about what causes space weather
and how to predict it the better we can
protect the satellites we depend on
understanding more about space weather
also helps protect astronauts from
dangerous radiation exposure during
potential human spaceflight missions
exploring the Moon and Mars the Sun is
the only star that can be studied up
close observing the star we live near
sheds light on stars throughout the
universe Parker Solar Probe is a newest
addition to NASA's heliophysics fleet
missions that study the vast
interconnected system from the Sun to
the space surrounding earth and other
planets to the farthest limits of the
sun's constantly flowing streams of
solar wind
Parker Solar Probe provides key
information about how the Sun drives
this dynamic and complex system
lc1 is a cm rate I'll brief the via MIDI
disable hit Roger LD that one LD NLM net
one n om proceed acing okay this
occurred about a minute after the
expected response from the ground PC he
assumed stream this is from the vehicle
team has evaluated the data we recognize
that it was from the vehicle the streams
are good and we are in a good position
to proceed that the risk level is the
same as what we had discussed previously
in and voted to proceed so the anomaly
team is recommending we try again
LC concurs LD LD concurs and LM an alum
concurs
and you're looking at a live shot of the
delta 4 heavy at Space Launch Complex 37
if you're just joining us we are at t
minus 4 and holding we started tonight
with a sixty five minute window we now
are down to 23 minutes but can make can
you tell us a little bit what we just
heard on countdown 1 yeah absolutely the
team evaluated the vehicle from the
no-go situation they had in the t-minus
four pole a little earlier what they
were working on was the ground data
stream that comes from the launch
vehicle back to the computers in a
control center and the team looked at
that data hit that they had gotten and
have determined that they completely
understand it and the data stream has
returned healthy the male race won and
well the level of comfort is good and
they are ready to proceed forward as
they reported to the launch conductor
Roger 0 8 - 8 : 0 0 0 RC LC RC on one
please coordinated new t 0 0 8 - 8 roger
work a LC please set the clock for 0 8
we roger OPM helsing at one go LC new
target t zero zero eight two eight zero
zero zero copy target zero eight two
eight zero zero Zulu we'll proceed into
checklist a Roger LC clock has been set
for an 8000 8:28 or approximately l6
Roger
and from Delta launch control I'm Josh
and I'm joined with a Mik woman from
NASA's launch services program and we
just heard a countdown from the launch
teams can you characterize LT yes Josh
what what the team was doing is as we
were talking a little earlier the team
evaluated the ground data stream from
the launch vehicle they've determined
they are good to proceed with launch
this evening so NASA's launch manager
Omar Baez and United Launch Alliance as
launch director loom and jury have
coordinated into T zero time this
morning for 428 a.m. that's
approximately 16 minutes from now to get
Parker Solar Probe on its way towards
the Sun so we're hoping for a smooth
liftoff this evening as the team's
continue to work forward and through the
count procedure and get ready to pick up
the count coming out of the t-minus four
hold and so we'll pick up that count in
just over ten minutes I believe that is
correct
well minutes 14 minutes
lcov em go oh yeah third-stage recycle
checklist a is complete we're on
external power Roger
from Delta launch control you're looking
at a live view of the delta 4 heavy
rocket with the additional third stage
at Space Launch Complex 37 on Cape
Canaveral Air Force Station I'm Josh and
I'm joined by mickey wolfmann of NASA's
launch services program we've
coordinated a new t0 for 428 a.m. which
will leave about 10 minutes left in our
window and Mickey can you tell me now
that we've reset the clock to about L
minus 12 minutes what we can expect yeah
as we move forward from here the launch
teams will continue to work through
their procedure stepping through all
aspects of the Delta 4 launch vehicle
and as they get ready to enter into the
terminal count what we will see is the
launch teams prepping the FDS system and
getting it armed and ready to go we'll
see the third stage enter onto internal
power as they perform their testing and
get ready for launch and then the delta
launch vehicle second stage and first
stage will also enter onto internal
power and getting ready for those final
few minutes prior to liftoff this
morning and then about just prior to
liftoff will have the rs-68 engines
being purged with a hydrogen purge
that's going through there and that will
fill up around the engines and create
some pockets around the Delta for heavy
launch vehicle once the rs-68 engine
ignites it'll actually look like the
delta 4 heavy is engulfed in in flames a
little bit but that's actually normal
for a delta 4 heavy launch vehicle
because of that hydrogen purge that
started prior to launch and that all
catches in the ignition of the RF 68 so
the team will be very busy in those last
four minutes prepping for the count and
moving forward towards a liftoff at 428
this morning and can you tell us a
little bit more about the delta 4 heavy
that we're looking at on our screen yeah
absolutely as we talked a little earlier
this particular Delta 4 heavy for Parker
Solar Probe has three common booster
cores each with an rs-68 engine which is
a hydrogen fueled engine that provides
the thrust to get out of Earth's
atmosphere sitting on top of the center
core is a delta kraj and except second
stage which
powered by an RL 10 B engine which will
provide that intermediate escape
velocity for the Parker Solar Probe
mission once it's in space moving up the
stack you have the five meter fairing
which is encompassing Parker Solar Probe
and the mission unique third stage that
was provided by Northrop Grumman
innovation systems a star 48 B V Lowden
it's a vector motor once long to space
once in space it remain star 48 and
provide that last little push for Parker
Solar Probe to get into its trajectory
heading towards the Sun another unique
thing and we keep talking about this
being a historic mission today Josh it
is a very historic mission of getting
Parker's Solar Probe onto the Sun as
this has been thought about for the last
60 years to get out and study the Sun
but for some of our viewing audience
Launch Complex 37 is also a historic
launch pad back in 1960s it was used as
part of the Apollo program launching
Saturn ones and Saturn one B's it was
also the place where we launched the
first unmanned lunar module from and
then ula acquired Launch Complex 37 in
2001 and began their program of Delta
for launches from here so it's a
historic launch all the way around for
United Launch Alliance and NASA this
evening and so for tonight it'll launch
NASA's Parker Solar Probe which will
make repeated journeys into the Sun's
corona and trace the flow of energy to
enter fundament fundamental questions
such as why the silver atmosphere is
dramatically hotter than the Sun surface
what accelerates the solar wind that
blows outward through the solar system
and what is the source of this
high-energy solar particles Parker Solar
Probe will make 24 elliptical orbits of
the Sun and even use 7 Venus flybys to
shrink the orbit closer to the Sun
during the seven-year mission the probe
will fly seven times closer to the Sun
than any spacecraft before a mere 3.9
million miles above the surface which is
about 4% of the distance from the Sun to
the earth at the closest approach Parker
Solar Probe will reach a top speed of
four hundred and thirty thousand miles
per hour or 120 miles per hour per
second making it the fastest spacecraft
in history
we're just about a minute from our
status check for continuing the count
rate t-minus four and holding
status check to proceed with terminal
count first stage systems propulsion go
hydraulics go locks go now H to go
second stage systems logs go LH to grow
third stage systems their stage vehicle
manager go back spell systems airborne
go ground go facility are FFTs go flight
control go come Tom Commons go gcq go
operations support go pneumatics go
umbilicals go pass gas go
ACS go redline monitor go quality go op
safety manager go la Safety Officer go
vehicle system engineer go a now my
chief go rice coordinate go to proceed
launch director you have permission to
launch
proceeding with the count and McHugh
establish swing on lock pins pulled
active
from Delta launch control you just heard
the terminal count readiness poll with
permission to continue the count I'm
joined by Mick woman of NASA's launch
services program make can you get us up
to speed on where we are tonight yes for
those just tuning in we're getting ready
to come out of the t-minus four hold
with a new t0 of 428 a.m. this morning
the t clock had stopped at t-minus four
giving the team time to work through the
EGS e issue that they had identified
earlier in the count the t clock as we
like to refer is the official countdown
clock it stopped the t-minus for mark
and held there for some minutes to allow
the team to assess the health of the
Delta 4 launch vehicle as we proceed
forward with the launch tonight at 2 428
a.m. launch teams have finished topping
the vehicle fueled the first and second
stage all systems look like they are
ready to go as we just heard the poll
from the team everyone is go to pick up
the terminal count and begin
transferring to internal power and final
checks heading towards a successful
liftoff at 428 this morning
or just about 20 seconds away from
picking up the count and we are getting
ready to come out of the hold in 3 2 1
we are t-minus four and Counting ground
pyros enabled
we're at t-minus three minutes 35
seconds and counting
coming up at the two and a half minute
mark before launch the launch conductor
will ask the NASA spacecraft coordinator
to verify what is on internal power
about 15 seconds later NASA launch
manager Omar Baez will give Luo man
Jerry of United Launch Alliance he's the
launch director the NASA go or no go for
launch about one minute before liftoff
the launch conductor will ask the range
operations coordinator or rock you'll
hear the status for rock to report range
at t-minus zero with United Launch
Alliance Delta four heavy will lift off
from Space Launch Complex 37 the delta 4
heavy begins flowing on its planned
trajectory and just under 45 minutes
later
NASA's Parker Solar Probe will separate
from the third stage beginning its
mission to study the Sun turn home you
deserve the call for the flight
termination system to go internal from
now we'll be listening to the launch
team live from the Delta Operations
Center pressure and flight level as we
enter in the final minutes of the
countdown we'll listen in to the NSA
verify spacecraft on internal power will
listen to the launch teams count down
into the final minutes of their part and
the NASA's Parker Solar Probe is
verified to be on internal power after
launch we'll hear the voice of United
Launch Alliance Patrick Moore giving
real live telemetry of the Delta 4
performance
two minutes two minutes about present
four thousand vehicle internal hold hold
hold this is our LM have a healthy not
ready all personnel because race cycle
pages operation ninety LC said th helium
regulator and let for us
Roger okay team we held at t-minus one
minute 55 seconds from Delta launch
control we are holding it the t-minus
one minute 55 second mark in the count
we have nine minutes and 15 seconds
remaining and tonight's window
my control you ready to reset the clock
t for holding flight controls ready for
that Roger ALC reset to countdown clock
t-minus four minutes and holding
Roger ple evaluate locks recycle
reported phrase and restart locks pumps
Roger
LC to run LC flight control s laps and
active STS in pre-flight mode
Roger LC countdown clock has been reset
to team at four minutes and holding
Roger osm places REM ignition switch at
disable position as RM is disabled ovm
performed third stage recycle checklist
healthy are we going again tonight we're
past at t-minus two minutes negative
copy that
at this point that will proceed to our
power down checklist roger ldl-c net1 LD
on one right LD with our scrub pastel -
or excuse me our pulled past t-minus two
minutes you need to recycle back to hell
- four minutes window will not support
that a second attempt
that is correct so let's set up for our
recycle Roger
alc on TC emergency panel high-speed
cameras normal normal
from Delta launch control as you just
heard on on the live countdown net we
have expired our time in our window for
tonight's launch patient's recycle
systems back to my or and holding so we
get to recycle I call and go for a
24-hour turnaround time for the launch
of the nasa's parker Solar Probe Mick
and I who were monitoring the countdown
at the launch control center
that'll be operated continue to monitor
and bring you more information as we
know it
ch we go H way step 230 sub step delta
hydraulic system stable Roger
LLC peony okay any subset of alpha
pneumatic pressure stable Roger
LC e CS go so step November
ECS that point stable Roger LC FPS on
step Juliet FDS safe an external Roger
LC prop 1 go problem so said Charlie
rs.60000 system stable project
LC fuel to go first let's step hotel
second stage lh2 conditioning is
complete Roger LCF is gosh way subs up
Lima do you see cube ready Roger
Elsie meq go sub-steps foxtrot and oscar
has gas TSM and swingarm systems ready
Roger LLC flight control go sub step
kilo flight controls ready Roger OC you
go crystal Ruffy maybe air boxes vehicle
external LC o BM o third states power
down checklist is complete
Roger and over here on external power
we're completely powered down how Roger
LC Lux to go
Thank You page l o2 conditioning active
Roger LC fuel one go TBC lh2 topping and
conditioning or active Roger LCG you
want go yeah this is ready Roger
happy
from Delta launch control
we've have scrub for tonight's attempt
which was targeted to go at at 353 but
we expired our time in the window make
can you tell us a little more yeah
absolutely Josh you know teams worked
very hard this evening diligently
getting through the launch process
looking at everything that they had to
to get into the terminal countless
evening as we picked up the count at
t-minus four and got into terminal count
the team received a gaseous helium reg
pressure alarm that kicked them out that
was what you heard the hold hold hold on
the countdown net was four the team is
evaluating that and looking at it
unfortunately we didn't have enough time
this evening to go troubleshoot that and
try again for a launch so we're going to
lean forward here and
