French opposition leader and former
presidential candidate jean-luc
m√©lenchon has hit back angrily at
suggestions that he's part of a Russian
online disinformation campaign after
appearing on a list of supposedly
suspicious Twitter accounts hey stupid
spook I'm not a Russian but it's just me
Mellon Sean who tweets against you
although not directly accused of being a
Russian bot Mellon sean has appeared in
a list of accounts showing increased
Twitter traffic and the wake of the
assault scandal surrounding President
macarons former bodyguard the inter the
inference being Moscow is pulling the
strings they're also on that list is our
Paris course one at Charlotte Dubinsky
Charlotte tell us more
well there's been this huge cry here in
France from people who think that
they've been accused of being Russian
BOTS
and accused of meddling in that vanilla
gate scandal which engulfed France over
the last month or so now this is all
relating to the fact that a new an NGO
from Belgium released a report in which
it was looking at the Twitter accounts
of people who tweeted about that scandal
involving a former security aide of
president Matt Khan and it basically
digested the number of accounts and the
number of people and the number of times
that they had tweeted about that scandal
now the French media took a step too far
and the mainstream media here in France
decided that these hyperactive accounts
that had perhaps tweeted hundreds of
things about been a legate were in fact
not real users they were Russian BOTS
and they were the ones who were stoking
up the fire and stoking up the
discontent about this scandal here in
France but not so says EU disinformation
lab this is the NGO that published the
report they say the report wasn't even
about potential Russian BOTS we did not
modify the conclusions of our study a
lot of media reported that we studied
and identified that there had been
Russian meddling that the Russian state
orchestrated interference in the bonala
scandal we never said this the fact that
lawmakers what the government
spokesperson immediately exploited this
for political ends created a sort of
hype that was never the object of our
study
well the NGO even had to step in
releasing a press release to say that
the mainstream media here in France had
completely misinterpreted their report
and it was not about the supposed
Russian boots of which thousands of
people appeared on a list now these
lists they released included thousands
upon thousands of people from France who
had been tweeting about the pinellas
scale affair and they were around 4
million tweets what it showed is that
only a tiny fraction around 650 accounts
were from people which they described as
being in the Russia Spile sphere that is
basically journalists like myself the
work for RT my colleagues and people who
have perhaps retweeted RT content in the
past never did it say that we were at
all Russian BOTS but of course the
mainstream media felt that somebody had
to be to blame for this scandal which
President Ma Khan himself described as
being at all a storm in a teacup and
what's the point in letting the truth
get in the way of telling a good story
you
