monitoring who or what people fall on
line is already having repercussions for
one American student during a college
interview the seventeen-year-old wasn't
asked about his educational success but
why he follows alex jones on twitter a
controversial show host recently banned
by several social networks the students
lawyer gave more details to RT as Neil
Harvey you represented a college student
who wasn't admitted to university
because they followed Alex Jones on
Twitter is that true and if so can you
tell us more about that sure I'm happy
to explain exactly what happened what
was going on was that during the
interview process the applicant was
questioned about the fact that he was
following mr. Jones on Twitter and the
fact that he was looking his stuff up
and that was something that was a
challenge during the during the actual
interview process and then subsequently
the parents of the student reached out
to me and then I reached out to the
admissions director of the University
and made sure that the situation was
resolved in the students satisfaction so
the problem here was that the fact that
the interviewer was actually questioning
why this young person was following mr.
Jones and the other types of Internet
activities that he was partaking in Alex
Jones is the man behind the alternative
news channel Infowars
he was suspended this week by several
social media platforms they say it's
because he spread hate speech and
glorified violence
Bradley Shearer again says people need
to know how social networks use their
information I'm a big fan of increasing
people's personal privacy and I'm a big
fan of not only personal privacy but
freedom of speech and the problem here
is the fact that a lot of people just
don't understand how invasive a lot of
these tech companies are
and how invasive a lot of pride
institutions are using their technology
trying to figure out exactly what your
race is what your religion is what your
political viewpoints are and then are
taking this information and they're
using it against you so that's why I
think people need to better understand
these these issues and defend themselves
against that and the only way they can
do that is if they become more educated
about what is actually happening in the
world today
you
