well the price of Bitcoin is hovering
around $6,000 less than one third of its
value last December
our correspondent Miguel Francis
santiago went to the blockchain economic
forum in san francisco to find out what
the future holds for the cryptocurrency
we're here at the Draper university
right across the street from Draper
venture fund and we're about to speak to
the man himself Tim Draper the
forefather of venture capitalism Silicon
Valley okay we're ready are you rolling
okay take one so we want people to think
superheroes weird we're going to make
you know this kind of effort to make
food to create a new world that's out
there
this isn't tied to equity it's not tied
to the value of a company it's tied to
this to the size of a network the
passion of a network buying a crypto
coin
is the equivalent of jumping into a
Kickstarter for societal transformation
so I think it's gonna really change all
society and that transformation is as
wild and innovative as one would think
for example racing enthusiasts who want
to elevate the whole racing industry by
tokenizing their own racing ecosystem
and storing it on the blockchain
allowing anyone to finally become a pro
racer so the people they have no
experience with racing can get in the
Academy in education so that there's no
danger for the people to race in between
a pro fee and beginner racing should be
more about technology about AI and about
bringing all the people from the streets
was racing to an ecosystem where racing
is not illegal so we want them to get
the possibility to race and earn money
with that without being in danger the
price of Bitcoin has reached a yearly
low at the time of the tokens blockchain
economic forum yet the influx of capital
in blockchain industry doubled compared
to the same time last year
will these pioneers succeed as
regulation and fear of the unknown comes
more into play Gary Gensler the former
chairman of US Commodity Futures Trading
Commission doesn't seem to be aligned
with the crypto hype
right now the asset is too volatile in
value I'm just focusing on one thing to
to really be a true medium of exchange
and if you're gonna let me hit the
volatile thing okay the way I look at it
when people say isn't Bitcoin really
volatile I think yeah this is great
big one bitcoin is still worth one
Bitcoin it's just all these other
currencies or volatile as they disappear
from view they can't regulate it that
way the way they regulated IPOs and I
peel is set up for the public to get
involved in a company that is maybe ten
billion dollars in value of a hundred
hundred thousand employees and an IC
o----
is two guys in a dog and they're just
figuring out what to do and they're
getting they're raising some money into
their ICO and then they're kind of
turning that ICO
into the future now you being a member
of parliament what do you think about
regulation by being able to give you
tools to citizens to control the data
and by by supporting and funding
companies and startups to come with new
ideas I think the world can change
you can have faster solutions easier
solutions to do anything to exchange
value beyond borders a new ways to have
identity also beyond borders and maybe
voting beyond borders which would mean
if a decision is taken here that effects
me maybe I have the tool now to have my
voice heard so I think this could be
really really exciting technology
you
