US senators are accusing their
government of contributing to the deadly
saudi-led coalition strike that hit a
school bus in Yemen on Thursday 29
children were killed and 30 injured all
under the age of 15 that's according to
the Red Cross
while a US State Department spokesperson
has called for the coalition to conduct
an internal investigation and outline
that Saudi Arabia is a key partner for
America in the region we call in the
saudi-led coalition to conduct a
thorough and transparent investigation
into the incident you also supply the
tremendous amount of weaponry and the
data for targeting to the Saudis well
then sorry no a lot wrong is that wrong
sorry are these ladies ever here
laughing on that I would refer you to
the Department of Defense that is
involved with that but you as you know
Saudi Arabia is an important strategic
partner in the region to the United
States the strike hit the north of the
country which is under the control of
Houthi rebels Saudi Arabia launched an
intervention against them back in 2015
in an official statement Riyadh defended
that the attack accusing the rebels of
using children as human shields the
targeting today is a legitimate military
action conducted in conformity with the
international humanitarian law to target
the militants responsible for planning
and targeting civilians which resulted
in killing and injuring them the United
States is by far the largest supplier of
weaponry to the Saudis it also provides
targeting assistance for airstrikes and
military drills last year Saudi Arabia
spent seven hundred and fifty million
dollars on training by American
specialists it claimed to reduce
civilian casualties political
commentator Lew Rockwell thinks the u.s.
bears responsibility for the atrocities
in Yemen and that the State Department
will never admit it I noticed that you
seem tongue-tied about it the State
Department spokesman she didn't she
didn't like the fact that the questioner
was asking her about what was going on
in Yemen we know the u.s. is selling the
weapons we know the u.s. is providing
targeting data so it's it's a horrendous
and that I would say the u.s. bears
absolutely direct responsibility for
this it's it's telling us
is what to do it's telling the property
UAE what to do
certainly the Saudis it's a horrible
bloody business and it's it's a war
that's gotten virtually no attention in
the US
you
