welcome to the Alex Salmond show from
bustling Barcelona one of the great
cities of Europe one of the greatest
cities in the world but it's doubtful
that even this city and its 2000 year
plus history has seen anything as
exciting as and turbulent as the events
of the last year but October the first
last year a referendum and independence
was suppressed by the intervention of
the Spanish state police then the
subsequent declaration of the Catalan
Republic was met by the imprisonment and
exile of many of the Catalan political
leaders ten months later the political
impasse remains but there's a new prime
minister in Spain and a new president of
the Catalan people today in this
magnificent setting of the general
attack of Catalunya
I asked president quim Tora for his
strategy of how to achieve his dream of
a Catalan Republic
thank you very much Thank You president
Queen Tara I'm delighted to welcome you
to the examine show well thank you very
much - pleasure to be with you here in
this palace of the generally that the
government of Catalonia now you were
elected president
you were the fourth candidate to be put
forward in the Parliament you're elected
by a single a plurality of one single
vote exactly
I knew yourself have said in Europe
inion President Bush MO is still the
legitimate president of Catalonia under
these circumstances is it difficult to
exert presidential authority I think
that what is normal what is exceptional
now in Catalonia is our political
situation you know there are political
political prisoners in jail in Spain
democritus politicals that they only
wanted to let the catalan vote and are
in prison now there are people in exile
as well and there are thousands and
thousands of Catalans being persecuted
investigated by the spanish police
etcetera so we are we are living in a
very let's say critical moment critical
political moment in catalonia and i
think that this is the point and this
symbol you're wearing in your lapel
which we see all right and catalonia is
this the the symbol of those who've been
imprisoned and incarcerated the
politicians own campaign yes exactly
this is the yellow ribbon that we wear
this is the situation is for demanding
the freedom for the our colleagues that
are in prison demanding the coming back
the exiles and demanding coming back the
democracy in under and the free of
expression in catalonia as well the
president ora you as you see if coming
to the the office and exceptional and
exceptionally difficult circumstances
what is your your strategy to to try and
get Catalunya back on the road to be
able to choose to have an independent
republic which is your rate we are here
there's a Democratic mandate that come
after the last election with and the
boaters they voted for a politician that
okay continue the process of
Independence that was beginning five six
years ago in the last three elections
the independent is parties in in
Catalonia have won the elections so we
think that the people has expressed
their support to the area of the cation
Republic and and that is what that's the
aim of our government to go ahead to go
on in what we think that is a mandate
that the people is asking us to do for
the independence parties a bit of the
three main independence party yes you
famously are not a member of a political
party not at okay is this an advantage
and being to coalesce that independence
grouping it together as as the president
I came from the basis of the of this
independence movement I used to to work
with Maria castles one of the former
presidents of omnium cultural one of the
main important social association for
the independence movement a member of
the catalan assembly Catalan national
assembly that is the second largest
let's say Association for for the
independence well now I'm the position
to hear what what the people is asking
us to do for now you're the new
president but there's also a new prime
minister in Spain Sanchez does that open
up the possibility of dialogue which
clearly hasn't been there over the past
few years
yeah exactly I had a meeting with mr.
Sanchez so for first time in many years
we had the opportunity to sit together
around the same table and to talk about
everything this is a good starting point
we agreed that this is a political issue
that should be solved politically now
they're starting this dialogue between
Catalonia Spain
but now we should see facts from from
the Spanish government and we will be
there we will be there to talk about
everything
let me take you back to another key
moment that's the first of October last
year on the day of the referendum of the
activities of the Spanish state please
which everyone in the world so on yeah
where were you what we're doing and what
were we should push your immediate
reaction to what you would say well with
more than two million people I was in
the school that is supposed that was my
pulling a station with my family and
other friends we occupied this school
from Friday evening just to assure that
all our neighbors and all our friends
could vote in defending the ballot box
defending defending exactly this was the
idea let's let's be there because if we
are not there probably the police should
close the door and it could be possible
to to vote peaceful and freely we were
determinated to defend people to vote
and we did it let me take you forward a
few weeks to the the decoration of a
Catalan Republic following on the
referendum and then within a few days
the the rest or exile and imprisonment
of many political leaders in Catalunya
did you go from an exuberant high to
great depression as you saw event the
society was shocked I think that after
some weeks we we started to recover
ourselves we started to wear this this
yellow ribbon we start to to think that
we should do many things and now
independence Catalan movement well is
every day doing thousands of activities
around Catalonia expressing their
support to political prisoners to the
people of
siyul in your negotiations conversations
thus far with Prime Minister sanctions a
is the release of the political
prisoners prerequisite of having
substantial negotiations from your
perspective we think that the political
prisoners should be free should be free
this evening should be free tomorrow we
are not negotiating it in any
circumstances because if we negotiate
about the die and the freedom of the
prisoners in a certain way we are
admitting that they are in prison for
for some reasons in fact this is not
this is not my opinion it is not the
opinion of the of the independent is
movement in Catalonia this is the
opinion of the Justice of Germany this
is the opinion of the justice of
Switzerland this is the winner of the
justice of Belgium and Scotland as well
so we see that in four countries in
Europe
justice is going in one direction and in
a Spain justice is going just in the
opposite direction and who is Right
Europe or Spain in this remark because
mr. put someone I'm going to too to see
him this is a free citizen now that he
can move around Europe separate except
Spain imagine except the Spain but even
so would you regard the suspension of
the requests for European arrest
warrants as a de-escalation or do you
feel that we may be reactivated at some
point over the next few months for us
for the Catalans is the same having mr.
Sanchez or having mr. ahoy now it's
turned for mr. Sanchez to demonstrate
not only to ikata want I think that to
the world that things in Spain can be
done in a different way than from the
Conservative Party well let's assume for
the sake of argument that I was the
Prime Minister
of Spain and I said to you a salute mr.
president I've been thinking about how
to come to a settlement and I've been
thinking back to the Constitutional
Court suspension of an agreed statute of
autonomy I've been thinking about what
happened in the first week Tauber last
year and I've been thinking about the
political prisoner snores and Xer I
think it's time to revive the settlement
that we were agreed on which had been
passed in Catalunya in a referendum
would that be enough to at least for the
short term be something that you would
be interested in discussion what would
you say to mr. census look we have to
have a referendum on independence an
answer should be done by the Spanish
government because we won serve
determinate in fact we serve determinate
at the 1st of October and we can
negotiate about this referendum okay and
political declaration of independence of
the 27th of October by an agreed
referendum from the Spanish government
this could be a solution so let me be
clear about what you're saying you're
saying that if there was to be an
agreement about having a referendum at
some point in the future which was
acknowledged and accepted as legal and a
binding by the Spanish government then
you would be prepared to put aside all
the sessions that been made to date with
regard to the previous referendum this
this is a reasonable reasonable deal I
think for trying to solve this issue
politically as we agreed
president Sanchez and myself the case of
Catalan has had pretty short shrift it's
a pretty negative reaction from the
leadership of most European countries
and from the European Union institutions
do you think that that is set by the
fact that Spain as a loyal European
Union member and the European Commission
doesn't cross a loyal European member we
know how difficult is to be a new estate
in our in our days of course we know we
know how many secret
the Catalan people should do in the
future if we want to be independent
logically but we know as well
the realpolitik how is how it is so if
we are determinated to be independent
and if we really have the strength have
determination have you know even the D
aim to to to suffer the sacrifices that
that probably we we will have to do to
be independent then I I don't have any
depth that at the end European Union
should accept Catalonia as a member of
this clap of states and finally mr.
president who said something very
important which was the the the case for
independence for self-determination that
increasingly moved on to be a community
case about democracy about participation
in contrast for which many would see as
the defects of the Spanish political
system and indeed other political
systems elsewhere but you yourself have
been criticized in the past for for
writings which were apparently
objectionable to Catalans with a Spanish
orientation what can you do because you
know the president of all of Catalonia
what can you do to unite opinion across
Catalonia to say this democratic dream
that we have this participative
democracy is a substantially superior
vision and inclusive of all people in
Catalunya
I used to say that the same freedom that
they want for Catalonia I want the same
for for the Spanish people and now
freedom in the averag Peninsula means
Republic so I hope that soon the
Republic of Catalonia and the Republic
of Spain should meet together a
fraternity and I think that this is the
best future for all of us well I can't
determine the future mr. president what
I can do
they offer you something to toast I know
they know it very well
this is a quick yes cause garlic for a
Loving Cup you know the drill
whiskey ordinary scotch whiskey nothing
else will do in the grave not
disintegrate and then round all the
citizens of Catalonia thank you very
much thank you very much thank you
mister someone thank you
