further US sanctions on Russia will be
viewed as the start of an economic war
and Russia will have to react
economically and politically
that's how Russian Prime Minister Dmitry
Medvedev reacted to newly announced
restrictions by the US they're being
imposed over the poisoning of former
Russian double agent sergey skripnikov
lined on Russia Moscow strongly denies
any involvement these new sanctions will
come in two rounds the first places
limits on financing and export
especially on a number of national
security goods and then the second wave
will hit diplomatic relations as well as
banking and imports and he says Sethi
takes up the story when it comes to
global disagreement sanctions of the US
weapon of choice as Russia's number two
at the UN put it let us welcome the
United sanctions of America well Russia
should know it's been on the receiving
end of plenty of them they stem from
allegations of election meddling
military aggression human rights abuses
all cyber crimes
take your pick and the latest well
therefore the Salisbury poisonings
Washington says it has determined the
Russian used a military nerve agent to
attack formidable agents a case crippled
and his daughter where are you getting
the conclusion that Russia is behind the
screep al poisoning I will leave it to
others to characterize the current state
of our understanding of the screep
alifair but others haven't given any
evidence either just various grades of
highly likely is highly likely that
Russia was responsible we do hold Russia
culpable culpable culpable culpable for
the attempted murder and there's been in
certainty from specialists investigating
the case you have not been able to
establish a Porton down that this was
made in Russia as I said it's our job to
provide you know their scientific
evidence that identifies what the
particular nerve agent is but it's not
our job to then see where that actually
was manufactured to be clear you're not
able at Porton down to say where it is
from we haven't yet been able to do that
neither DST l's analysis nor the opcw's
report identifies the country or
laboratory of origin of the agent
used in this attack and we're gonna
continue to see a sort of as soon as a
coolkid daggers here of insinuation that
russia's involved which basically is a
mood music which isn't feeding the
population and in the west with the idea
yes it is the russians
despite nieven is just the constant
constant streaming of this means that in
the end people just accept oh yes it
must be the russians and then therefore
that's ok we are my simple more
sanctions it's time that we did get all
the evidence but my suspicion is that's
not going to happen
well they that seems of little interest
to washington which has found moscow
guilty slapped it with new sanctions and
strangely given its ninety days to prove
it wasn't involved or it will ratchet up
the penalties to a whole new level with
even talk of branding russia a state
sponsor of terrorism that's regardless
of trump wanting russia as a partner in
his fight against terror and it also
doesn't seem to matter that the u.s.
itself has had a long history of
consorting with groups branded as
terrorists for instance America's
support for the Gulen movement which
Turkey labeled a terror group for
organising an attempted coup sooner or
later the United States will make a
choice either turkey of Gulen
either the coop laden terrorists or
Turkey a country of democracy how about
the American officials who backed the
Iranian extremist group the Mujahideen a
calque who bombs the headquarters of the
Islamic Republic party there is a viable
opposition to the rule of the ayatollahs
and that opposition is centered in this
room today
and let's not forget how America stood
alongside the Afghan mujahideen in its
battle against the Soviet Union only to
see that group later form into al-qaeda
the people we are fighting today we
funded 20 years ago so does America
dealing with these violent groups
amounts of sponsoring terrorism well the
State Department has a good answer for
that I will leave it to others to
characterize the current states of our
understanding
you
