how's that for a Mark Zuckerberg
nightmare he or his steam in front of a
horde of suits going sort these Russian
BOTS out sort out the fakes sort them
out or did I just paint a good picture
of the reality web Giants have been
facing lately in the past election
you failed we've seen how foreign actors
are abusing social media platforms those
images that can be attributed or
associated with the Russian company
lack of resources a lack of commitment
and a lack of genuine effort the likes
of Zuck could have proudly said we're
just the platform we're independent and
sorting out what you call fakes is none
of our business but when Wall Street
alarm bells are ringing you know how it
can happen with the stocks it could be
better to zip it and focus this has been
an intense year see if we stick to F be
the tough year began with a revamp of
its news feed algorithm the trick was to
boost posts with let's say pics of your
friend's cat and sideline all that
politics related media stuff haha
they say this led to less views likes
and comments under Donald Trump's posts
moving on Facebook has evolved from
policing offensive content to policing
news views ideas it can be anything
apart from your friend's cat if people
have flagged them as potential hoaxes we
send those to fact checkers and if those
fact checkers say that that it is
provably false then we will
significantly reduce the distribution
right of that content why don't you want
to just say get off our platform well
look as abhorrent as some of this
content can be I do think that it gets
down to this principle of giving people
a voice eventually though the get off
our platform way to sort things out
still prevailed ok and now it's time to
meet the fact checkers journalists have
found them in a tiny room at these guys
HQ got it at the end of the day
Facebook's not so happy with that online
policeman's hat so sucking
Co are outsourcing the digital share
locks
I'm being serious that's what they call
themselves who are let me check where
they come from LinkedIn a doe with their
help 32 suspicious pages have already
been sorted out a big ship is not
turning around overnight takes a while
but I think that they have now given us
an opportunity to work with them and I
hope that in a month when we have at
least three of the platforms in that we
will see a willingness to collaborate
with us to come up with a solution Bravo
and it's not just Facebook who are doing
just as great one question though since
already most Americans had to social
media to get their news
when will freedom of speech ring a bell
well political commentator Brown Logan
does believe that the left is moving to
get rid of undesirable views on social
media platforms feels like only people
that have the right to speak out are
those who agree with the leftist
principles if you are against leftist
ideology in any kind of way they find a
way to demonize you they call you a
conspiracy theorist they say that you're
promoting fake news we're coming more
under the control of big corporations
and a lot of these people who are in
their government and corporations are
kind of working together they're
colluding with each other any kind of
extra regulation from the federal
government will most certainly impact
freedom of speech online there's going
to be a battle to try and Corral the
Internet back into kind of a mainstream
media style format where you get your
news curated for you and you don't have
any kind of dissenting viewpoints
you
