hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report and that's not out to see if it
was I would throw shoes at the camera I
might hit the camera and massive damage
or the cameraman and then he'd faint
well see all right see that kind of
excitement you don't get everywhere
anyway thanks actually that's an
important point coming forward in this
about shoe throwing because of course
remember we invaded Iraq and soon after
that when we went and declared victory
and everything was all okay some guy in
the audience there in front of George W
Bush threw a shoe at that's right George
W he was talking there and the guy went
okay well we got insurance that's gonna
come up in this story because it's a
very important point about the hierarchy
of needs but we're gonna start with this
tweet here from the Washington Post's
Jeff Stein and he's pointing to a
remarkable fact from a piece from the
Atlantic calm he being Jeff Bezos needs
to spend roughly twenty eight million
dollars a day just to keep from
accumulating more wealth the Atlantic
article he points to as Jeff Bezos 150
billion dollar fortune is a policy
failure growing inequality in the United
States shows that the game is rigged
Bezos collects a very small salary and
pays only capital gains max and yet
Amazon also paid zero federal tax last
year he need to spend twenty eight
million dollars a day to avoid paying
federal tax just to prevent himself from
accumulating more wealth so just on his
he's earning twenty eight more than
twenty eight million dollars a day well
I mean he's got an a a monopoly position
and he is milking that monopoly quite
aggressively but nobody can compete with
him you know Warren Buffett said that
and he never never give someone like
Jeff say J as Bezos the seven-year
headstart Walmart there
now trying to train their overworked
low-paid associates to make deliveries
after work on their way home that's
their solution to jeff bezos well
they're basically mimicking his model
where many have already talked about it
we're not going to discuss that today
but where his workers are underpaid and
also basically abused they're you know
they got a hernia just on a bathroom
break because he had to do it fast on
there like I was severely you know
constipated earlier and I didn't get a
hernia
I found relief though that's what the
Carnivora diet will do to you that's
what Jimmy's son told me when I see
Jimmy song I'm going to talk about this
I don't feel right but as importantly
the Atlantic themselves refer to it as
that this is the game is rigged
Kaiser report of course has said this
for the past ten years here and then we
get like shunned by the US media who are
now saying yeah okay basically Kaiser
report was right
all of this Jeff Bezos wealth happened
under both Democrat and Republican
administrations where this wealth and
income gap grow so I want to point to up
there right where Jeff Bezos wealth
comes from the whole East Coast the
Pacific West Coast I think I might have
said East Coast at first but I meant the
West Coast and it says East Coast West
Coast you know it reminds me of 2pac and
biggie you know they had a serious war
going on and you know 2pac was murdered
so this is a Jeff besos over on the west
coast it's the new form of affordable
housing more people are living in their
cars with rents on the rise cities are
grappling with a growing population of
quote vehicular homelessness a way of
life considered illegal in many places
across the west coast just in the past
year twenty thousand more people joined
the ranks of these homeless without any
sort of shelter
not even in homeless shelters so they're
living in their cars or the living on
the streets in downtown San Francisco
Los Angeles Portland OR Seattle but what
I want to point to regarding what you
had started off the show by throwing I
remember remember it distinctly and I'm
out of shoes I only have two feet I
can't do it again
and the point is why did we invade Iraq
because I'm gonna get into that after
this quote this is a quote from Sarah
rank and a professor at Seattle
University of Law and she says what do
we do with people whose basic
physiological needs are not being met
that means like what I was referring to
earlier about constipation exactly well
in fact she said goes on to say when we
think about people who are living in
their vehicles are they able to sleep
eat poop and breathe safely we have to
start asking what needs to be done well
let me let me answer the question less
Jeff Bezos would you go to amazon.com
and you can get a vehicular model that
has a poop attachment right there in the
vehicle oh yeah
toilet exactly so what precisely we've
reinvented the toilet it's right there
in the vehicle so yeah okay and it's got
a layaway plan
so you just if you're Amazon Prime you
know he'll ship it to you by drone and
you can be living in your poop mobile we
know in the next 20 hours he'll make
another you know billion dollars and
life is great in America so you know
let's give credit where credit is due so
here's an economy where Jeff Bezos
earned over 50 billion dollars this year
alone in the first six months of this
year to put that into context Jack Ma is
worth less than what Jeff Bezos earned
just this year so that's the context of
how much this guy is earning a one-year
in the mean time the entire West Coast
where he and his resistant sorts like
you know remember Jeff Bezos owns the
Washington Post where democracy dies in
darkness and the resistance is strong
and yet where they control much of the
economy people are living in cars and
you know these sort of professors at
Seattle University are concerned about
where these people are pooping but the
fact that she meant the physiological
needs reminded me of Maslow's Maslow's
hierarchy of needs this is the bottom
most basic need
physiological needs above that is safety
of course our government says that's
their only concern is our safety and
that's why we have a trillion dollar
defense budget right and Homeland
Security and TSA who apparently follow
Americans all over the place but that's
another story and then above that is
love belonging esteem and
self-actualization where's love come in
you know who's not getting their
physiological needs met
Julianne sour over there that's Doreen
embassy if he dies
journalism dies if Julien dies we all
die a little bit we are all Julianne a
song keep that in mind
sucker but the point is I want to talk
about is that Maslow's hierarchy of
needs and here are thousands and tens of
thousands of people Americans on the
west coast who can't who cannot meet
those basic needs now my sources tell me
that Maslow's hierarchy of needs that
chart there is used by our US
intelligence agencies I can't remember
number two is defense and safety right
mmm that our own US intelligence
agencies use that chart when looking at
when to start to topple or coup other
governments so if like Haiti when when
Haitians were eating mud pies that's a
good time to overthrow their government
and install go our own never let a
crisis go to waste
obviously our elite are not stupid
obviously these journalists and and
people on cable news shouting know that
these hierarchy of needs that Jeff Bezos
has a war on people that their
ideological need is being exploited by
the corporation to largest monopoly
because he ends up putting these people
in these highly stress positions no what
I'm saying is the the breakdown that
we're witnessing and that you and I have
been talking about here in Kaiser report
for the past year is that what they know
they know those if those basic
physiological needs are not being met
that leaves the entire economy and
political
system vulnerable they know that because
that's how they look at other political
systems so they know we are vulnerable
because of that so that's why they're
coming up with all these that's why
there's a genuine panic when you look at
cable news it is genuine panic and I
think this is part of it oh you mean
we're all Palestinians hey you know it
says here that you know safety is number
two but that's obviously wrong because
number two should be Wi-Fi you know that
is definitely needed and also what's
this at the top self-actualization
that's very Carl Jungian isn't it I mean
psycho Bible who wrote this like some
academic Princeton grad student no no no
that's from decades ago but the point is
obviously like once your basic
physiological needs are met once you can
sleep and eat and poop then you start to
think about okay how do I make my house
safe or how do I make my economy or my
community safe and then you then you're
concerned about love and you see that
across the world like you know the whole
fact that we have these trigger warnings
and safe rooms here and that's a very
high need like you that's an economy and
a culture where the everything is
already taken care of for a certain
sector of people so they have so to most
of the world they look crazy because
they're still worried about where
they're gonna poop that night think
about philosophy that wasn't almost
invented by Descartes who simply would
you know got this entire pyramid chart
down to I think therefore I am and like
that was all people had to go on for
hundreds of years you know during the
whole history of philosophy well now
this all freakin pyramid that's being
exploited by terrorists like Jeff Bezos
who's milking the system in buying
influential newspapers and bribing
politicians and creating a dystopian
nightmare people living in their cars so
that he can be like he has more money
than he would ever I mean he doesn't
know to do it at all I mean it's like
he's horny he's a hoarder those people
who hoard phone books in their apartment
and they're just they can't live there
anymore because there's nothing but
phone books
this guy's like just surround he's
hoarding cash nothing to do with it he's
at the hoarder I want to quickly turn to
the last headline which I think ties
together all of those growing wealth gap
between young and old remember Jeff
Bezos newspaper Washington Post says
democracy dies in darkness and one thing
you could say about democracy is you
know the more vote you have the more you
win and the more you gain and we've seen
the baby boomers turning 65 as what two
or three years ago and this growing
wealth and income gap is really down to
age so they said that elderly households
have much greater wealth and child
households which is to be expected
because older households have had more
time to accumulate wealth the trouble
lies in the growing gap between the two
types of households in 1989 elderly
households had a median net worth that
was approximately 3.8 times that of
child households ie
households with children under 18 by
2013 their median net worth was now
twelve and a half times as high as those
with children under 18 and the house
yeah whenever I see children approaching
me for pennies and nickels like scoot
get out of here you skim go away you
poor children
but baby boomers anyway but anyway that
point is that they it's only natural
that baby boomers were vote for policies
that helped them a house price booms of
stock price booms and it disenfranchised
the bottom you know age groups but this
is Oh tough luck buddy
get a job kids get a job well we gotta
take a break for the second half don't
go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser let's go to Boulder Colorado
and speak with Michael Krieger of
Liberty blitzkrieg dot-com Michael
welcome back hello max it's great to be
back on with you alright then Colorado
home of the resistance but not
billboards for the GOP but the O is
replace with a hammer and sickle it's
like a big red billboard the Red Scare
is on Michael you're here at Colorado
what's happening yeah I saw that
headline I just checked real quick to
see where it was it seemed apparently
out in Grand Junction I'm not sure who's
responsible for it but Grand Junction is
really far away it's it's all the way in
the western part of the state I'm not
really even familiar with the area so
much so it's not like it was in Denver
bold or anything like that yeah it's
just you know it's just Russia gate it's
a pretty it's a weapon that's all it's
just a weapon of the establishment that
they're trying they're trying to use to
keep their power and their relevance
that's it I mean it's it's such an
obvious scam I don't even know how
anyone falls for it but hey that's the
environment we're in I apparently not
enough people are falling for it because
Trump's ratings are through the roof on
the upside and the Democrats aren't
putting together any kind of opposition
whatsoever now what is underlying this
political derangement Michael Krieger it
cable news ratings driven we've made
that point on the show before is it just
a part of natural insanity that befall
z-- the ruling class during a distant
aggression of empire how would you what
where would you put this sure ratings is
is something that that you know keeps it
alive for sure but I definitely don't
think that's the driver I think your
second your second assessment is
absolutely you know hits the nail on the
head that's exactly what it is that's
all it is needs to be seen in the
context of a lot of different things but
primarily essentially an empire right an
imperial system that is being that has
been run for decades now by donors and
corrupt politicians and bureaucrats that
have completely destroyed the country
allocated all of the wealth and
resources to a tinier and tinier sliver
of the population and that created a lot
of animosity and then the financial you
know crisis and bailouts and how that
was all handled was the final straw and
so you know as I as I've said forever
a lot of people that voted for Trump
don't really like Trump it was just a
middle finger it was just a way to say
you know what let's just let's just try
something new even though this might be
crazy and I'm not even sure it'll work
out anything's better than the status
quo anything's better than Hillary and
and then you know the Trump derangement
syndrome in Russia gate is just a way
for people in power or that were
previously respected quote-unquote to
continue to be respected and in power
and the reason you know that's all it is
though the one the final proof beyond
everything else in my opinion is the
fact that you have neo cons and
establishment Democrats like Rachel
Maddow joined-at-the-hip now you know
like these max boots bill Crystal's
David Franz like they're they're the
resistance heroes now or some like to
call it the assistance which i think is
better so so that's what it is and and
it's crazy because you look at these
it's the biggest failures in American
history coming together and and and
talking about Russia 24/7 to try to
continue to meet be relevant it's like a
it's like cancer and herpes you know
coming together and getting on MSNBC
with you know tumors and sores and
telling you come to us come to us we'll
save you from Putin it's pathetic
Wow that's not a pretty picture Hey you
mentioned Bill Kristol there and it is
amusing that for a long time he was
vilified as a war monger bloody Bill
Kristol by the left and then because
they need a an assassin because they
need someone with no moral or ethics at
all the left decides to bring them up
and say well here's our guy you know
we'll SiC him on you we know he's
dangerous
so they apparently have no come oral
compass whatsoever now your latest blog
post reads quote us tech giant's are too
big too powerful and now are running
into serious trouble we have Google
being evil in China we've got Facebook
banning America anti-fascist activists
and calling them Russians okay what's
going on used to work on Wall Street you
follow this stuff what's going on sure
and you know I've been a huge proponent
of social media even though I haven't
liked Facebook for a long time I've been
able to see that for the most part let's
just take Facebook and Twitter they have
been reasonably neutral I mean they be
getting worse over the last few years
particularly after Trump won but they
have been platforms and people have
across the you know the sort of the you
know the digital public square and so
people throughout you know society have
been able to say whatever they want on
these platforms and again Trump winning
is what changed everything
as far as politicians view of these
platforms because now they realize that
oh no when the rabble is allowed to talk
to each other and say whatever they want
we lose control of the narrative and
then we can't install whatever
presidential puppet we want and so
that's a total freak out and and so now
you're dealing with a combination of two
things with these tech giants one
they're so enormous they're almost like
governments in themselves and then to
these platt in particular and twitter
are platforms that allowed people to
make decisions on current events on
their own and politicians are now very
upset about that so they're just gonna
start saying everything that is not a
mainstream media approved talking point
is somehow linked to Russia and as you
mentioned these activists in DC had
their had their page removed by Facebook
these are American citizens because
Facebook decided to they wanted to
appease politicians and call it linked
to Russia harkens back to if you recall
the Arab Spring that was called the
Facebook revolution people around the
street Mubarak was overthrown and within
a year or so the US came back in and
reinstalled a barrack basically along
those lines so that was a clear
indication that this whole
democratization of communication and the
democracy spreading from the loins of
American entrepreneurialism was fake
news that was a fake story but I just
focus for a second on you touched on it
there the Facebook banning these
anti-fascists so there were fascists
there were neo-nazis on Facebook and
then a group emerged to confront the
Nazis and Facebook banned the Nazis
banned the anti Nazis and then it Madol
picked up the story as if somehow
is tied into Russia right so mainstream
media echoing a blatant miscarriage of
free speech in the name of a hoax call
Russia gate good you want to comment on
that so two points on that first of all
if you looked at what Facebook did the
other day right with with banning these
32 pages or so across their platforms
they said specifically we cannot link
these to Russia that's what they said
and then of course Mark Warner you know
who's this big Russia Gator Democrat
from Virginia senator he comes out and
says see this is proof that the Kremlin
is continuing to meddle with our
democracy yet Facebook themselves said
they couldn't tie it to Russia so that's
what happens is something you know
Facebook gives them a little bit of a
breadcrumb and then they start making up
stories linking it to Russia
it's absolutely madness but here's where
it also gets interesting um in that
piece that you're referring to in
Gizmodo you know these activists we're
trying to figure out well what makes you
think these things are suspicious and
apparently it has to do with people
running these pages using VPNs or tor
and then the question was asked to
Facebook well is that what you're saying
if someone uses a VPN or tor that
they're automatically you know have to
be Russian and Facebook wouldn't respond
they wouldn't give any other reasons
that they thought it was suspicious so
it's a really it's a really sketchy time
we live in now where Facebook is under
tremendous political pressure to find
what politicians want them to find and
in the process you know if a few
activists get steamrolled and we get
less free speech who cares right that
story that came out this week about air
marshals on flights who are now
following people off the plane they they
innocent people they have no reason to
suspect them but they're just following
them as part of this expansion of the
surveillance state in a definition
perhaps of why they did follow them
would be well they look funny
they were agitated so now you've got a
secret police force in America following
people without notification and who's
benefiting by all this
Michael Krieger yeah there you go right
so it's the quiet skies program that the
Boston Globe yeah so I mean it's crazy
you read
this end a good thing and only good news
is that a lot of this is coming out
because employees of the Federal Air
Marshal program are doing this job this
work and they're saving themselves this
is crazy why are we doing this we're
spying on other citizens in one case I
don't know if you if you saw this but
they were tracking a Southwest Airlines
flight attendant and they're just like
what are we doing so it's become so
absurd now that at least some of the
people being paid to spy on their fellow
citizens are saying this is crazy I
don't want to do this anymore but you
make the bigger point which is that it's
all about social control if you look at
the trends in America and it continues
to this day the the the overarching
corporate government establishment is
obsessed with keeping the citizenry in
line keeping them scared keeping them
surveilled making sure that they can't
you know get out of this Overton Window
of conversation you know as Chomsky said
the best the best way to keep people
passive and obedient is to allow lively
debate within a very narrow range of
issues but not outside of those issues
and that's essentially what Facebook is
now trying to do to the American public
yeah I notice that you can see it you
know just anecdotally in America's humor
the late-night comics and things like
this they're they're not funny anymore
they act they actually get up and they
do tragedy or there was a case of a
woman who switched from doing stand-up
comedy to stand-up tragedy you know and
the one thing about you know Nazi
Germany for example is that there wasn't
a lot of stand-up comedy at that during
a you know in Berlin during those years
you know this is what happens when
people lose their soul and lose their
perspective on life they become these
humorless drones working for the
surveillance state and you can see it in
the complete lack of humor and Stephen
Colbert or Jimmy Fallon who have now
become just puppets for the state sadly
now tell us more about Google being evil
in China yeah so this is another really
interesting thing where as I mentioned
with the federal air marshals some of
them are rebelling
you know Google's had a bit of a saga
recently where their executives in
particular are very aggressively pushing
closer collaboration with government
so if you recall project maven is the
drone AI program that Google has it has
with the Pentagon and they actually a
lot of Google employees resigned
publicly because they were so disgusted
with Google doing that and and there was
a huge protest within Google from from
other employees and Google actually had
to backtrack that but what you saw from
leaked emails is that Google executives
were wanted to do it you know they were
trying to you know basically
propagandize their employees to say it
was okay
so the is an interesting split between
some ethical Google employees and Google
executives
who have absolutely no morals whatsoever
and the recent push broken by the story
was broke by the intercept yesterday is
to specifically create an app in China a
Google app that will will adhere to
every single censorship request that or
authoritarian Chinese government wants
including banning any searches related
to human rights democracy free speech
Tiananmen Square images will be blocked
so my point was essentially if Google
goes through with this Google will be
directly helping an authoritarian
foreign government maintain its grip on
power for money that's a big big deal
and people need to be aware of that's
very disturbing
right we have about 30 seconds left can
you talk about Jeff Bezos series forth
150 billion made 50 billion just over
the past few year alone what's wrong
with this good or bad Michael Krieger
yeah I mean I think I think that that
Bezos and Amazon are one of the biggest
threats we actually face right now in
this country because if you read some of
the literature on what they're trying to
do they're not just trying to sell you
stuff on the internet they're trying to
control commerce completely by
controlling the platforms of Commerce
and of course say in China they have
that new social score it's like a Rudy
Moody's index for people so if you look
sideways at a policeman you can't get on
an airplane anyway
Michael Krieger you're so chock full of
goodies we're gonna keep you on for a
second segment if that's ok with you
sounds wonderful ok that's gonna do it
for this edition of the cons of report
with me Max Keiser and Stacie her we
want to thank our guest Michael Krieger
gonna catch us on Twitter it's cars
report that's it for now bye y'all
