we'll have been killed in Chicago's been
in both wars combined
waffles have taken to calling their
hometown chiraq for one of the biggest
street gangs selling drugs with my only
option that I thought to provide for my
child at the time how easy is it we need
to create a culture of accountability of
picking up a gun and using it
what local politicians are now appealing
to the president intervened directly
even though the city's mayor once
declared Chicago a trump free zone and I
think what he's doing is wrong for the
direction of this city is not how I
wanted the election to turn out and so
we've declared Chicago is gonna Trump be
a trump free zone we have to make sure
that President Trump recognized that not
everyone believes that Chicago is a
Trump free zone if he's serious about
helping the people in Chicago especially
on the west side of Chicago I accept his
help well the outburst of deadly gang
fighting took place right after
announcing violence protests on Thursday
people claimed the bloodshed is a
consequence of the corrupt authorities
in Chicago we spoke to Gregory
Livingston who organized the March
coggle was intentionally segregated
segregated in terms of geography
segregated in terms of educational
assets healthcare assets capital
investment funds it's been segregated
for quite a long time matter-of-factly
Martin King said all throughout the
south he had marched but Chicago was the
most segregated city he had ever been in
and we're still facing the the the
byproduct of this legacy because when
you segregate the city you insulate one
part of the city in such a way in
comfort and you ostracize the other in a
lack of asset lack of assets poverty a
challenge and disadvantage which
generate a certain level of violence
you
