AGGA Dez's economy was a thousand times
stronger before the migrants came in
large numbers and bought a lot of things
in the city they were paying taxes even
vehicles now they don't even contribute
10% of what they're used to to the
economy
frankly in Agadez we don't understand
the EU the whole of the Agadez
population doesn't understand the
politics of the European Union the new
border of the European Union is not on
the side the Mediterranean in Libya no
it's right here at the gates of Agadez
this is the new border of the European
Union
after video wrong and territory of the
Italy a citizen sweets in your own water
they return me returning me back
before the introduction of the law
migration was a money-making activity
not only for territorial jurisdictions
but also for transit cities now if we
look at the migrant flow if we compare
the number of people passing through
Agadez to cross into Libya we see a
reduction
you
