the US president Donald Trump has
reiterated his plan to create a military
force in space stressing that this new
wing of the American military would have
both defensive and offensive
capabilities the space force space
that's gonna be great look so much is
happening now in space I mean your great
defense I'm not just talking about Mars
and the moon I'm talking about
tremendous defense capability offensive
capability it's in space so we're gonna
do the space force but not everybody is
enthusiastic about the proposed military
space program the Pentagon's lukewarm
response to the president's plans is
just one of a number of signs that there
is perhaps disconnect between Trump and
his military at the moment is you go see
Dan off explains throughout his short
political life Donald Trump has been
taking an unequivocal stand that he is
the biggest ally the US military could
ever wish for
we salute their sacrifice and we salute
the flag they fought to protect our
great war fighters the men and women who
paid the ultimate price for a victory
and for freedom the men the women of the
United States military these are our
finest but just over a year into his
presidency the commander-in-chief has
been all but drifting further away from
his million-strong core right now the
White House and the Pentagon are
squabbling over Donald Trump's
initiative to create an additional
military branch a space force
the Pentagon was unimpressed about this
a year ago the Pentagon is unimpressed
now when does the space force get its
first orders we as you know is going to
require legislation and a lot of
detailed planning and we've not yet
begun in the past 18 months the Pentagon
started through troves of public
embarrassment because of their wannabe
biggest fan for instance this March
Donald Trump casually remarked that US
troops would be pulling out of Syria in
the nearest future the bombshell
decision the Pentagon was not only
unaware of but also disagreed with
apparently will become another Syria
like very soon let the other people take
care of it now very soon very soon were
coming out I've heard rumors of people
talking about withdrawal but it's not
over what did the announcement this week
change if anything when that since
nothing actually has changed
fast-forward next month Trump says he
wants to deploy the National Guard on
the Mexican border well let's just say
the Pentagon didn't have too much fun
when it had to take the rap for this
we're gonna be guarding our border with
the military members who are likely to
be involved this overall opera expanded
operation so that will all be determined
by the requirements that are given to us
I don't have any specific details on
what support we could provide be they
will provide us with the requirements
and then from that will determine how
many and what's the mission and how many
will deploy back in 2017 Trump went to
France where he saw the iconic Bastille
Day parade wow that's nice why don't we
have something like this he thought some
reports just did no one wanted the
parade but Trump well yet reluctantly
worked on it in a hands-off mode the due
date is just over three months away now
the event is reportedly in the early
planning stages and it's still unclear
who's going to foot the millions of
dollars bill some orders Trump is giving
out of all places on Twitter last year
he first tweeted that the you
would not accept or allow dot nine long
minutes passed before he resumed does
anyone else in this room have any
intelligence coming out of the White
House United States government will not
accept or allow transgender individuals
to serve in any capacity in the US
military marry some coffee this list of
when Trump pushed the Pentagon right
under the bus is nowhere near complete
so with the space force initiative the
US military's well apparently struggling
to get its hands back on the steering
wheel he says I he welcomes the advice
from the likes of mattis and Pompeyo and
and Bolton who are all considered the
War Cabinet but he makes the ultimate
decisions when it's time for a decision
but when it comes to throwing out ideas
that doesn't necessarily mean he's
consultant with anybody he came up with
the idea before consulting with anybody
he made it known publicly and then once
he began to get further briefed on on
the issue I think he's beginning to
understand that the the space force per
se may not be the way to go although I
don't think he's ruled it out entirely
you
