NATO's resolute support mission in
Afghanistan says that three of its
soldiers have been killed in the suicide
bombing earlier today the Taliban says
it carried out the attack local
journalist Alton Phase I reports now
from Kabul a suicide bomber on foot
approached a NATO convoy in northern
Kabul in the middle of the city of
Charak are an area are called colossi
and detonated has explosive lead invest
killing at least three NATO
servicemembers according to resolute
support statement three have been killed
and three more have been wounded one of
the wounded is American and to the to
rest are Afghan police forces local
provincial spokesperson confirmed the
attacked and saying that there are no
there's no civilian casualties but it
has been a very vulnerable area nearby
Bagram Air Base so this base have been
vulnerable because it has the major
number of the used forces based in there
so Taliban have been launching missile
attacks sometimes mortar attacks and
sometimes the plant IEDs or improvised
explosive device and they usually commit
suicide attacks against these forces
well it has been confirmed that the
soldiers killed in the attack were Czech
Nationals HEC Mottola Azhar major
research analyst from the center for
conflict and Peace Studies says that the
prospect of de-escalation in Afghanistan
is looking ever less likely well I think
it is realized by almost everyone all
sides of the conflict that you know
military solution in Afghanistan is not
a solution to end this way there has to
be
a political solution Taliban is still
the largest and the strongest militant
group in Afghanistan fighting against
the Americans fight against the f1
government and it's another
international partner but if we see if a
lot of people argue that ok if there's a
speech deal with the Taliban so violence
will completely come to an end I think
it's still unrealistic because you know
we we the argument here is in our
assessment here in Kabul is that even if
Taliban stopped fighting completely some
of its hardcore elements or those
Taliban that are fighting for profit or
money well switch to groups like -
you
