turkey has vowed to retaliate against
the US after Washington imposed
sanctions on two officials in Ankara
over the detention of American pastor
Andrew Brunson earlier turkey rejected a
u.s. request to let him return to his
homeland Bronson is currently under
house arrest in Izmir Turkey the Turkish
president mr. Dewan says the US move is
quote disrespectful we'd shown patience
but the step America has taken does not
befit a step taken towards a strategic
partner and America has shown serious
disrespect towards Turkey on Wednesday
the Trump administration slapped
economic sanctions on two senior Turkish
officials and said any property they
have in the US will be blocked in
response Turkey has said it will
introduce sanctions of its own targeting
the assets of US officials in the
country besides freezing their assets
Ankara says those targeted will also be
prevented from doing business with
Turkey well the pastor at the center of
the dispute is Andrew Brunson he was
detained in 2016 in connection with an
attempted coup against President or the
ones government that year he's accused
of espionage and assisting quote
terrorist groups a deal between the u.s.
and Turkey to secure the evangelical
pastors release broke down last month
mr. bronsen was then transferred to
house arrest over health concerns but
he's still facing 35 years in jail if
found guilty and that's led to a heated
dispute between the u.s. and Turkey
let's across right now discuss a
situation with a osman Farouk logo glue
the former Turkish ambassador to the
United States from 2001 to 2005 great to
see you today thanks for coming on the
program it does look like we're seeing a
tit-for-tat sanctions between old
friends and allies Turkey the ladies to
respond to what it calls disrespectful
behavior from Washington how has this
friendship and geopolitical alliance
gotten to this point what what's gone
wrong I think we have to take a second
look at the evolution of Turkish
American relations in the last
several years this is a relationship
that has been strained and not only
because of some very serious bilateral
issues but also of regional issues and
the failure to resolve the issue issues
as they came up resulted in a situation
where there was an accumulation of a
different of the different varieties of
problems and I think the passive Bronson
issue is just the icing on the cake the
last straw that broke the camel's back
so you bring in the allegations against
the American pastor Andrew Brunson sorry
that you bring in the angle but there
are allegations I should say that
Brunson was involved in the 2016 coup
against the other one he was accused of
being a member of the Gulen movement any
accuracy to that I think that is up to
the Turkish courts to decide that has
been there is an indictment that are
very serious crimes attributed to the
pastor and the trial is not yet finished
it's still going on one has said in the
past though he blamed that the 2016 coup
or on Washington in fact in the wake of
the coup there were allegations or
stories that even Vladimir Putin gave
her the one a warning a heads-up that
the coup was about to be executed are
any of those accusations accurate look
I'm not in a position to confirm or to
disconfirm in a particular accusation I
think there are accusations directed at
the pastor's are extremely serious but
you are not guilty until you are proven
guilty and we don't have a final ruling
by the court yet but I think that the
deeper problem is a the inability of for
the two allies
to start the resolving to unpacking
unfolding there's a complicated package
of problems and the point of the
starting point should be the situation
the case of the pastors I think he the
courts the Turkish courts speeded up the
process and now find them guilty then
there is there are ways of expelling him
from Turkey and that might also resolve
the question mr. Ogami if I could
champion I do I really apologize I
sincerely apologize for interrupting you
we have such little time here but I
wanted to ask you you would mention a
moment ago that there's a mixed bag of
disagreements ultimately between Ankara
and Washington one of the disagreements
perhaps is the s400 missile system in
fact that is a major bone of contention
between Ankara and Washington why is
that Washington has recently threatened
to sanction Turkey if it does go ahead
with buying the Russian air defense
system there seems to be a major dispute
here what is that about well I think the
problem is with the US Congress the US
Congress is extremely unhappy with
various developments in Turkey including
not just the pastor but also the s400
the Turkish the situation of human
rights in Turkey the situation of
journalists in Turkey so there's a lot
of baggage in the US Congress toward
Turkey but Turkey has the right as the
absolute right to purchase as 400
missiles from Russia there have been
objections from NATO allies including
the u.s. that this will create problems
for its NATO partners but I think at the
end of the day at the angle today Turkey
has a right to beef up its the pass
system including its air defense system
and that the deal guitars for hundreds
is is in place and it's going on if I
can ask you you are the former Turkish
ambassador to the
United States from 2001 to 2005 what
would you recommend for the American and
Turkish leadership to do to mend their
ties and get over this current
relationship crisis to countdown number
one to act I feel cool if you like and
the first order of business is to
resolve this in case of passive Rob
Johnson and this can be done according
to Turkish law by the Turkish courts and
it will provide it could provide a
chance for the two sides to unravel
other more serious problems because at
the end of the day the pastor Branson
case is really basically a detailed it's
important but it's basically a detailed
and the two countries have much more
important concerns including in Syria is
a V Iran and others regional and
international issues and I understand
diplomatic channels are open the
minister Javad shoulder to Turkish
Foreign Ministers and a meeting in
Singapore with his counterpart US
counterpart in great just recently and
they both made encouraging remarks
specifically about the possible release
of portrait transfer and expulsion of
Pastor brands all right mr. Othman
logo glue the former Turkish ambassador
to the United States thank you very much
for joining us here on Rt thank you
you
