homeless man living in Spain who was
coerced into having a stranger's name
tattooed on his forehead says the cruel
joke has actually helped to turn his
life around that's after the case gained
widespread attention
sitting on KFC I was collect monies for
food or drink obviously and one guy
British guy who have some party with his
friend came up to me and offered me like
he saw my first tattoo that was that is
mine that you and he said I gotta pay
you 100 euro if you're gonna touch you
something more on your forehead
I didn't know what is it because I was
drunk
we created a GoFundMe page we collected
more than three thousand euros already
at the beginning it was only to raise
dat tattoo but we know that Tomic has
problems walking because he walked from
Poland we don't know if it's his hips or
knees so this afternoon the Benidorm
clinic will check him over for free and
they will also organize to erase the
tattoo by laser from the time that
tattoo happened my life switched like
180 degrees you know the two months
because it took two months to the case
it's like a bomb and everyone interested
me everyone want to help me
they won't upset about those people who
do that
you
