this is what an opium poppy looks like
just a hectare of these is enough to
produce enough heroin to keep an addict
on the needle for more than five years
now that I have your attention in
Afghanistan in the past year alone poppy
cultivation levels swelled by over 60%
to hit a record of more than 300,000
hectares with the farm gate value of
almost 1.4 billion dollars this is the
main revenue stream for the Taliban's
war against the US forces in the country
and one recent study says the u.s. is
putting this money into its enemies
pockets itself in some areas in
developing programs inadvertently
supported poppy production one example
of this was the rehabilitation and
development of irrigation systems when
the u.s. invested in Afghanistan's
agriculture and irrigation they hoped
farmers would swap growing poppies for
more conventional crops and in some
cases it worked the whole of a shortage
of Maybelline adjustability I celebrated
as mayor I'm self-admitted Sabich at a
gap on Abbey Road not a sweet place over
okay oh no put your get attacked eroded
but they don't turn off our fill of
asthma your dealer is the one that has
the opportunity USAID optional note
ahead behemoth a table top correspond
but honestly given us 20 - Don upon me
but while some learned about growing
grapes others took the chance to boost
their poppy harvest US aid spent more
than two billion dollars on Afghan agree
culture since 2002 including tens of
millions funneled into the Taliban's
heroin business
and if these some surprise you they
shouldn't after all it's just a small
chunk in the billions of American tax
dollars fretted away a waste which
Washington itself admits to siga our has
identified up to fifteen point five
billion in waste fraud abuse and failed
reconstruction efforts since its
inception in 2008 through December 31st
2017 when you look at an occupation that
is spending hundreds of billions of
dollars a year after year and you look
at a couple billion dollars miss spent
on drug eradication and you can't really
call that every effort you know and 99%
of the effort is going into the use of
bombs and guns I would love for the
United States to launch a war on global
peace sustainability happiness and joy
maybe we would get more of those things
certainly getting the opposite of the of
the stated intention is the norm not an
exception here the u.s. is waging many
alternative wars the war on terrorism
the war on drugs but in Afghanistan they
appear to be shooting themselves in the
foot in both cases
you
