now it's been a math week in a life of
happy even imagine medal of the UFC
lightweight champion now ask yourself
what do you do when you beat Conor
McGregor perhaps the biggest star in
combat sports at the moment the world is
at your feet the possibilities are
endless what do you do next
well it turns out you instantly volt the
Octagon to spark a huge Bravo bond with
teammates who has been trash-talking you
throughout the fight there's been a huge
band and a huge find well I mean if Mike
Tyson says your right is crazier than
his right you know you're right it's
pretty crazy
then within 48 hours you return home and
Nilla create a stampede in your hometown
football team present in your belt to
thousands and thousands of adoring local
fans I mean just look at these guys then
when all that madness has calmed down
you and you that have a little sit-down
with your country's president we're glad
Amir Putin congratulate you and a worthy
victory
oh and usher dad not to smash you too
hard for the post-fight Frakker
then if there wasn't enough fallout with
the UFC you then threat and we'd quit in
the promotion because they unfairly
disqualified your teammate for your own
post fight brawl well that doesn't
matter because 50-cent himself is
offered you two million dollars to join
her rival MMA promotion but you're not
interested in that you're interested in
calling our undefeated champion boxer
Floyd Mayweather for a fight for the
title of king of the jungle and guess
what
Voight responded so yeah get the
checkbook out Floyd no come on where's
that money so after all that in just
over a week you might think what's
coming next for happy in the Magomedov
well if you stay tuned to RT sport you
just might find out
