now the midterm elections are months
away and across the country it seems
pretty clear that the elections will
focus on one single issue Donald Trump
that's not an exaggeration check out
this campaign ad from Florida everyone
knows my husband Ron De Santis is
endorsed by President Trump but he's
also an amazing dad
Ron loves playing with the kids fill the
wall he reads the stories then mr. Trump
said you're fired I love that part make
America great again
now that DeSantis has the blessing of
the Donald he's rising in the polls
Trump has actually managed to resurrect
a number of Republican primary campaigns
and for the Democrats Trump is an easy
punching bag and the boogieman check out
how this candidate is marketing his anti
Trump message I'm rich Madelene oh I'm
running for governor to deliver
progressive results and to stand up to
Donald Trump here are a few of the
things I've done that already infuriate
him I protected Planned Parenthood from
the Republicans in Congress and what's
the number one way I Donald Trump and
the Republicans take that Trump now the
ad never really makes clear how
offending the president is going to help
the people in Maryland but that doesn't
seem to matter the anti-trump message is
loud and clear and that's the name of
the game in u.s. politics are you for
Trump or against him no other
information is required that's not
surprising when it comes to voters as
they're divided along party lines like
never before
this is actually spooking members of
Congress you cannot just run against
Donald Trump and it is the job of we
Democrats to put together a strong
cohesive economic group of proposals
aimed at the middle class and those
struggling to get there we are in a
strange place
it's almost it's becoming a cultish
thing isn't it it's not a good place for
any party to end up with a cult-like
situation as it relates to a president
that happens to be of purportedly
of the same party Democrats are now
taking the cult thing to a whole new
level they're even invoking old uncle
yo he has very deliberately set up the
press as the enemy of the people
anything that we first heard from Joseph
Stalin this is very dangerous it
undercuts democracy we decided to ask
Americans how much their vote will be
influenced by one man's cult of
personality do you plan to vote in the
upcoming midterm elections No why not
because Donald Trump you just look at
the candidate and you need to see what
the candidate has to offer and what the
cat whether the candidate can pull off
what they're promising to do just what
they think of Trump not just what they
think of trouble do you plan to vote in
the midterm elections don't want to try
to win again I don't like Trump I don't
like on leave in Trump views so I'm not
gonna vote people where do I think Trump
but I'm definitely gonna vote per person
that I feel is speaking to what I
believe in and Trump is not what I was
before that does it seems like America
has already decided what the key issue
and the upcoming vote will be and it's
not going to be perceived Russian
influence as some outlets would like you
to believe it's going to be the Donald
but keep in mind he won't actually be
anywhere on the ballot these are midterm
congressional elections but regardless
the way American politics is developing
it seems like the upcoming vote in
November will be a referendum on one man
you
