time action retention we're going
underground as Scotland hosts its annual
military parade in partnership with
austerity funded bank RBS in the shadow
of millions killed injured or displaced
after UK interventions in Iraq
Afghanistan Libya and Syria
coming up at the show terrorists or
humanitarian volunteers real video or
faked propaganda or truth as Assad's
forces secure victory in the South of
Syria we speak to the boss of the white
helmets Riyad al Saleh about allegations
of links to isis daesh and al-qaeda in a
going underground exclusive told us more
coming up in today's going underground
but first today is the one-year
anniversary of the landmark hezbollah
peace deal in syria and is now Syria's
victorious bashar al assad aided by the
international community wins his war
against Isis and al Qaeda linked groups
who exactly were the British funded
white helmets we recognize the very
important and valuable work that the
white helmets are doing they are as he
says doing it's in horrendously
difficult conditions they are incredibly
brave the white helmets one-year
unanimous praise from Britain's arguable
stenographer for power media during
British support for militants trying to
overthrow the Syrian government here's
the UK's channel 4 news explaining the
context of why a legacy set up for
murdered Labour MP Joe Cox funds the
white helmets
the white helmets Joe Cox wanted them to
get the Nobel Peace Prize to save one
life is to save humanity that is their
motto but that's not the way some see it
white helmets are al Qaeda al Qaeda
members and that's proven on there
underneath the same members of killing
or excluding or celebrating over dead
bodies at the same time they are
humanitarian heroes arguable enemy of
Donald Trump and President Assad
Hollywood though doesn't see it that way
at all
thank he's at the white helmets
sadly Ryad Sallah the head of the white
helmets is not able to join us tonight
the white helmets being celebrated there
at the Oscars and while the head of the
group couldn't make it to receive that
award Rydell Sala
has been able to make it to talk to
going underground the head of the group
that has been nominated for the Nobel
Peace Prize for its work in a conflict
that has killed wounded or displaced
millions joins me now via Skype from
Istanbul in Turkey right Salah welcome
to you going undergrad so how many lives
have the white helmet saved since the
establishment of the white helmets in
Syria at the beginning of 2013 and until
now we have saved more than a hundred
and fifteen thousand people from under
the rubbles during the arrow bombings by
the Syrian regime in Russia an Islamist
or you are lost young and who from
foreign governments have supported you
like all other humanitarian
organizations that are working in Syria
like the Arab Syrian red presence all
the other humanitarian organizations
like the agencies that are affiliated to
the United Nations that receive
international funding from all countries
we don't have any exclusions in terms of
funding we accept funding from America
Great Britain Holland Denmark Canada
France and other countries like Japan
and Qatar and we also receive very large
public financial donations from the Arab
people and people from different
countries that is through the donation
campaigns that we launched through our
web sites or social media the British
prime minister talks proudly of British
funding for the white helmets does
Britain give more than the United States
yes Britain is one of the largest
supporters of the white helmets and that
can't be hidden from anybody the British
government announces publicly the
financial amounts that it offers to the
white helmets and we also have a true
partnership with a British government at
the service of humanity in Syria yeah I
want to get into the humanitarian issues
in a second but did you feel a bit
abandoned by God Trump who appeared to
try to stop funding by the US government
for the white helmets colobus film
although you know I think there's been
some vagueness on this issue as there
was general funding which included
funding for the white helmets and
after that came to a stop it's really
started again and the funding for the
white helmets began again in a normal
way there is currently no reservations
or residents on the amounts that are
donated to the white helmets on the
contrary the budgets that are offered by
the United States of America have in
fact increased in order to sponsor the
search-and-rescue operations that we do
in Syria between the bombings and raids
that are done by Russia and the Syrian
regime and so the white helmets still
are in Syria because there are reports
that white helmets are being evacuated
to other countries in Somalia at the
same those that have been evacuated are
98 volunteers and their families
escaping the revenge operations that
they were subject to by the Syrian
regime and the militias that are
affiliated to it that were advancing
towards the Syrian Golan Heights
however we currently still have around
three thousand seven hundred volunteers
who are working in the areas that's we
are able to access and are providing
essential services to the communities
that they work with where did the 96 go
currently they are still in Jordan right
so they're not in Britain now or Israel
or France has been reported they are
still in Jordan okay I don't know what
you thought of this but the British
Broadcasting Corporation's panorama
program said British aid is going to
terrorists they made a program called in
jihadis the jihadis you pay for what do
you make of allegations that aid money
from Britain is actually going to
terrorists the program that was
presented by panorama was not in
relation to the funding that is received
by the white helmets
there has been some reservations about
some of the funding that's went to
certain organizations however the truth
was later revealed as this was merely
propaganda and a promotional action by
the media that was aimed at distorting
and ruining the reputation of civil
Suren activists eventually the work of
these organizations was restarted and
continued once their innocence was
proven through an investigation that
took place in Britain with the
sponsoring parties yeah so you've never
worked with the Free Syrian police and
all-white helmet volunteers are always
unarmed throughout they've been unarmed
throughout the conflict
no no I have never said those words what
I said was that the BBC report was
concerning other organizations I have
not said that we do not work with the
Syrian free police we do work with the
free police and with all the civil
organizations that work in the areas
that we are able to access what I said
is that the programme was talking about
other organizations and not the white
helmets organization in Syria since you
have been involved in the white helmet
have you ever seen any evidence of
infiltration in the white helmets by
Islamist groups national anthem when we
established the organizations there were
rules and regulations in relation to the
international humanitarian law and the
management of the search-and-rescue
operations teams based on which this
organization was built it began to
expand and prosper and became an
international humanitarian entity
working for the service of the Syrian
people and to save them from under the
rubble after the aerial shelling done by
the Syrian regime and Russia we have not
seen any case of infiltration having
said that there has been on some
occasions certain areas that we have had
to evacuate in a sudden and quick manner
and therefore we left behind some
clothing or equipment that have been
used by some groups to distort the
reputation of the civil defense the
photographs and fabrications that have
come out as a result are not necessary
truthful or generated by the Syrian
civil defense the white helmets in fact
in regards to all the issues that have
surfaced if they were ever related to
the organization we produce an official
statement and we announce our stand
regarding the mistakes that's might take
place so our other organizations
responsible for the alleged fake videos
and photos I believe that the main
motive for the forgery and the misuse of
the photographs comes from groups that
are active on social media and that are
affiliated to Russia and the Syrian
regime they are constantly working on
ruining our reputation in order to
refute the facts regarding what we offer
to the United Nations community
concerning the violations that have been
committed by the Syrian regime against
the civilians which includes the use of
chemical weapons as well as the
violations that have been committed by
the Russian army Junior operations in
Syria
tell me about Imran Duk neesh the boy
whose photo
one awards he was covered in dust and
the white helmets had purportedly
saved him his life the truth is as you
know I'm Rhonda finishes home was bombed
and he was extracted by our teams from
under the rubble we did not photograph
him the source of the photograph that
was published was not to the white
helmets but a journalistic reporter we
saved him and his brother who stayed in
hospital for several months until he
recovered we were surprised at the way
he was used and exploited by the Russian
government to speak in the media had
Amron dead missha's father been given
the safety and been taken to a safe
place he would have spoken differently
than he did under the threats of the
cinah regime he knows well that we saved
his son and his brother who stayed in
hospital for several months until his
full recovery
because Mohamed de Guiche told RT the
photograph was used to exploit him with
regard to the white helmets they
primarily work with the press it's a
professional tool they are using we had
a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist
Seymour Hersh on the program telling us
the white helmets were a propaganda
organization in truth and Ron's father
is obliged to speak in that way and is
not in total safety under the regime
that has announced the assassination of
11,000 convicts in the prisons over the
last few weeks alone he is obliged to
speak that way and I understand his
position however we know that we have
fulfilled our duty when we rescued his
two sons from under the rubble after
they were bombed by the Syrian regime
this is our duty and we do not expect
thanks from anybody for fulfilling our
duty towards our own people in Syria as
for the other journalists I don't know
who they are the journalists that you
are referring to those who have come up
with such talk unless they are part of
those journalists that great propaganda
against the white helmet which ever
become known by the name we do not feel
the need to respond to them because they
are aware of the fact that they are
lying and we know that they are lying
where any white helmets also evacuated
to ad-lib this year as part of the
evacuation plan to northern Syria no yes
the evacuation of some of them yes the
volunteers have been evacuated with
their families to the city of Italy what
was it like for them travelling in the
Russian buses
understand with Isis and Al qaeda-linked
groups on Lamia
they weren't transported in Russian
buses the buses were sponsored by the
evacuation process was sponsored by the
Red Crescent and there was a deal
between the opposition parties and
Russia however when they were moved to
Italy they did so under names that were
different from their real names and they
didn't explain that they were volunteers
with the white helmets by fear of the
revenge that they could have been
subjected to they were afraid and
worried you were in direct communication
with them throughout their journey and
they were afraid during their journey
until they reached a safe place which
was the point where they were received
the Syrian government says it's just
fighting Isis - linked groups and Al
qaeda-linked groups British government
in a Freedom of Information request said
that you document war crimes for the
British government is that what you send
the British government in truth the
Syrian war is a global issue it's no
longer the issue of the Syrian regime
alone
we know that the party that negotiates
in Syria in support of the Syrian regime
is Russia and the parties that negotiate
in other areas are other countries the
decision is no longer Syrian in Syria
the issue is also an international one
and it now needs an international trial
and an international court in order to
hold accountable those who have
committed violations in Syria from all
sides as everybody knows the Syrian
regime has used chemical weapons in
Syria on the 4th of April 2017 in a
conch f horn as that is according to the
report that was produced by the joint
investigation committee wherein
constituted by the decision of the
Security Council that stated in its
report dated on the 28th of October 2017
that the Syrian regime has used sarin
gas in France a home and resulted in 91
dead and 539 wounded because of this we
are in need of an international trial
for the judgments of those who have
committed violations in Syria in order
to reach peace and stability in Syria
yes the OPCW hasn't said whether it was
the white helmets the Syrian government
- Russians the British who used the
chemical weapons I didn't say that the
OPCW is the one that made the statement
I said the joint investigation committee
which is constituted by the decision of
the Security Council in 2015 is the one
that produced the report on the 28th of
October 2017 and
that 'soon regime is the party that
stands behind the attacks incline shaken
that took place on the 4th of April 2017
you can refer to the report it's
available in the Security Council's
website and it was published on the 28th
of October 2017 ok just finally about
documenting war crimes the journalist
Vanessa Bailey daughter of a former
senior British diplomat drew our
attention to the beheading of a 12 year
old Abdullah eise by nur al-din Zinke in
July 2016 abducted near a white helmet
base in al-ansari
why is there no white helmet
documentation of the killing of this boy
first of all Vanessa Bailey is not a
journalist that makes reliable reports
because she knows that she is not
truthful and she does not work in an
unbiased way when Russia stopped the
OPCW teams from going to duma to check
the place for the use of chlorine gases
in the last few bombings vanessab Ely
was present there herself the russians
allowed her to access that particular
place when they did not allow the
international teams to do the same for
this reason we cannot confirm any news
that have come from Vanessa B Lee we did
not know about that place we did not
know about that issue we only heard
about it through social media and we
denied the story we did not see that
event to publish or announce it we have
denied that incident and it does not
abide by the international humanitarian
contact rules and regulations do Ellen
Sirleaf in these are our rivals Allah
thank you thank you very much
coming up in part two of going
underground we speak to journalists who
has been on the ground in Syria Vanessa
feely a longtime critic of the white
helmets all this and more coming up in
part two of going underground welcome
back in the first half of today's going
underground we talked to the head of the
British backed white helmets
organization Ryad Sallah
well I'm joined now by a journalist
referred to by riot and who has been on
the ground in Syria during the war her
accounts have differed widely from those
of the white helmets and she joins me
now via Skype from Bordeaux in France
Vanessa thanks for coming back on the
show this goes straight to what Riddell
saleh said about you he said you were
biased untruthful and that while the
OPCW were not allowed into the site of a
chemical attack in duma you were allowed
in protected by the russians that's an
interesting theory I mean this Russian
agent meme is now wearing a little bit
thin I'd like to make the point that the
white helmets were actually being
investigated as far back as 2014 by
researchers like Cory Morningstar and
Rick Starling in 2015 so before Russia
RT before any Russian media channels got
involved in 2016 I'd also like to point
out that I didn't actually enter dome
until after the OPCW team had been
allowed to go in the Syrian government
and the Russian reconciliation teams
expedited the entry of the OPCW team
into Syria but it was deemed dangerous
by both the Syrian Arab Republic and by
the Russian military police and by the
UN Department for safety and security
for them to go into Duma too quickly
because of the risk of IEDs booby traps
mines
sleeper cells and in fact when they did
try to enter at one point I think it was
on the 18th of April they were fired
upon and they had to withdraw very
quickly at that point there were two
fatalities and I think at least one
injured so to claim that the Syrian
government or that the Russian
reconciliation teams were not enabling
the entry of the OPCW is rubbish I
entered as part of a media trip
organized by the Ministry of Information
like any other media outlet that goes
into Syria in fact on the team that I
went in with were ITV Dan Rivers and a
number of other mainstream media
channels so I'm quite sure that ITV
would not like to be described as having
had their entry facilitated by Russia
and as I said at the time that we
entered OPCW are actually working they
alleged attack site now the question I
would like to raise in return is now
that the OPCW interim report has been
published and it is clear that no siren
was used the only chlorinated elements
could quite easily have come from tap
water and in the area something as
mundane as that who were the white
helmets working with to stage this
provocation but because clearly the
white helmet reports were faking used
because the OPCW report has now
discredited their video footage so I
would like to ask in return who you
brought those bodies that were filmed by
the white helmets and other
organizations what was done to those
bodies to prepare them as if it had been
the chemical attack why were those
bodies rearranged as picked up even by
BBC journalists on Twitter I should say
that obviously the OPCW did say that
sarin was used in concha Kuna in the
other incident and as regards what you
seemed to be implying a fake videos and
photos he says other organizations
seeking to discredit them spread fake
videos and photos online not them not
them that's very interesting because the
majority of the evidence against the
white helmets actually comes from groups
that are affiliated with the white
helmets I either euphemistically called
rebel groups or moderates
and also many of the accusations come
from Syrian civilians themselves so who
are their allegedly to document war
crimes against all sides would be
discrediting the evidence given both
against them and against the armed
militant groups funded and backed by the
West as fake news or as evidence that
has been promulgated to discredit the
word helmets they appear to do a very
good job of that themselves
yeah the
the Freedom of Information request that
you got from British authorities said
that British funding of the white
helmets it's not just a one-way deal
they have to document war crimes he
claims you know nothing about the
twelve-year-old Abdullah Issa who you've
written about being abducted near a
white helmet center in Thailand sorry
and then being beheaded yeah absolutely
I went to the al-ansari centre in
January of this year and I visited the
white helmet center there which was
again next door to a nursery front
centre and next door to the terrorist
Media Center there were Isis logos
painted on the walls of the buildings
next door to the white helmet center
arms and weapons were found inside their
land sorry white helmet centre in barren
mine they sent a featured in the last
men in Aleppo the the second
oscar-nominated movie produced on the
white helmets by affiliates with white
helmets and very much promoted which in
fact was very much a revisionist project
erasing the existence of nusra front and
other splinter groups terrorist groups
extremist groups sectarian groups that
were operating in East Aleppo in
carrying out atrocities against the
Syrian civilians I walked from the
al-ansari center to the al-masjid circle
which is where Abdullah ether a 12 year
old Palestinian child was tortured and
publicly beheaded despite pleading to be
allowed to be killed humanely now is
rights that are trying to tell me that
one of the main white helmet centres
that features in one of their major
promotional vehicles last men in Aleppo
that there were no white helmets present
at the centre during that execution or
if they were not present there during
the execution why did they not at least
document that crime which was I mean it
was not only documented on social media
it was documented across mainstream
media because it was so hard to ignore
and it raised questions about the u.s.
funding of the group north and Zinke who
were the headers and executors of
Abdullah essa you don't see it as
possible that white helmets did indeed
have to flee
they're sent in hell Ansari because
right now sana just told us that they
have two free areas sometimes I don't
know maybe because of Russian Syrian
airstrikes and their equipment is used
by other groups a game that discredits
them in the eyes of journalists like you
I'm not sure what he means by their
equipment is used by other groups but if
he's suggesting that either material was
planted to discredit them at those
various said they leave her behind right
then that doesn't explain the mountain
of civilian testimony that I gathered
both in East Aleppo and east gouta that
fundamentally accused the white helmets
of crimes against the Syrian people of
participating in a number of crimes
committed by nusra front and other
extremist factions against the Syrian
people and those include of course
summary execution of civilians excused
by James Lomenzo mea the mi5 creator of
the white helmet as being committed
under Sharia law so he's basically
endorsing a Wahhabi doctrine in East
Aleppo but they were also involved in in
the kidnapping of children according to
Syrian civilian testimony which I
believe should be addressed as a war
crime let's get to testimony because I
raised the subject of Imran neesh the
famous boy who was photographed that
covered in dust the white helmets leader
rise our Salah said he was never filmed
by the white helmets the boy was saved
by the white helmet as was his brother
and his father's interview on this
channel
amongst other outlets I was under duress
from the Syrian authorities he would
never say the kind of things that he
said to RT if the Syrian authorities
were not forcing him to again a very
interesting theory but unfortunately
full of holes and I actually met with
Imran Zack nation his family and his
father Muhammad duck nish last year as
did Eva Bartlett another independent
journalist over who has worked
extensively on the ground inside Syria
and the story that we were told of
course is that the image of Imran was
exploited
if not specifically by the white helmets
certainly by the entire pei team that
manufactures the image of the white
helmets including Kenneth Roth including
the Surya campaign and in fact it was
used extensively to promote their
nomination for the Nobel Peace Prize in
2016 by as they say a number of their PR
agencies so while they may claim that
they didn't directly use or exploit the
image of Ron Ron the clear exploitation
of the tragedy of on Ron's plight to
promote war which will effectively kill
more children was carried out by the
white helmets and their handlers however
when I went to the area and I met both
Imran and his family it was in the
attack was in the health category area
so I went and met other families from
that area what they told me was that it
was not a Syrian government airstrike or
a Russian airstrike it was shelling from
the terrorist factions because that area
was known to be inhabited by those who
were loyal to the Syrian regime and in
fact throughout sorry the Syrian
government and in fact throughout the
occupation of East Aleppo that area had
been targeted various houses had been
detonated destroyed members of families
had been kidnapped and tortured and then
executed purely because they were
considered to be loyal to the Syrian
government so the entire background to
the omron story that of course has been
revealed after the liberation of eastern
approach from the terrorist groups and
the white homeless reveals the fact that
actually rides dollar is not very clear
on his facts on that okay well one thing
he was very clear about was the fact
that the white helmets currently work
with the free Syria police the closest
mainstream media in this country got to
talking about rebel involvement in Al
qaeda-linked groups was a BBC Panorama
programme surprised that he admitted
working with the free syrian police
which the BBC linked to Al Qaeda's
jabhat al-nusra yeah I am surprised but
perhaps it it explains the extent to
which or it demonstrates the extent to
which this group and its members and its
leaders consider them to be protected by
the intelligence agents
who are behind the funding of them in
the UK in the US and the EU Member
States and Qatar etc and the very fact
that the free syrian police I believe in
the panorama program the BBC stated that
these operations could not could not
work without the control or without the
permission of nusra front and various
other extremist groups now the British
government is behind the funding of the
Free Syrian police the local councils
and the word homeless all three of those
organizations have been demonstrated
through my investigations with the help
particularly of color this gave a local
journalist in eastern aleppo who worked
with me independently on the
documentation that we found in those
white helmet centers but all of those
three organizations are are led by and
managed by members of extremist groups
such as for example abdul aziz Mugrabi
who was actually president of the local
council in 2013 but also founded the
white helmet group in east aleppo was a
member of nusra front and was also
associated with Khatib abu Amada who
were the extremely brutal security group
that worked with not for france while
the white helmets can claim no
affiliation to these terrorist groups
and they will claim that there are a few
bad apples if there are a few bad apples
committing the atrocities that the white
helmets have been shown to be committing
and participating in among the Syrian
Arab Red Crescent for example or in the
Red Cross there would be international
outrage instead what we see is a
complete blanket protectionism campaign
waged by Western media Western
governments think tanks institutions and
clearing the UN to protect this group
Vanessa really thank you no doubt James
the Missouri a the UN and the UK
Department for International Development
would deny allegations against them we
hope to put specific other allegations
to rydell salat of the white helmets
next time he's on the show but that's it
for today's going underground
back on Monday to investigate alleged UK
police corruption with former
Metropolitan Police Chief Inspector rod
Charles until then keep in touch with us
via social we do a few on Monday 58
years to the day Cuba formally
nationalized all US and foreign owned
property on the island its Finance
Minister che guevara
would be assassinated by CIA backed
forces seven years later
