let's turn our attention now to Yemen
where thousands of people there have
turned out in the capital in protests
that ongoing saudi-led coalition
airstrikes it was prompted by a deadly
raid which killed dozens in the main
port city of hold data Saudi Arabia
denies carrying out airstrikes in the
area at the time instead blaming the
attack on Twitter ripples please be
warned the video you're about to see
contains graphic imagery Yemeni
officials say 28 people were killed
around 17 were injured however a local
TV station has reported but 52 are dead
and at least a hundred wounded the
airstrikes hit an area near the city's
main hospital Yemen's Health Ministry is
clear and who it thinks is to blame the
Health Ministry strongly condemns the
crime of targeting the hospital and the
fisherman's market in the United States
bears full responsibility because the
United Nations its organizations and the
international community remain silent in
the face of the aggression from the
American Israeli coalition allies and
their crimes for more than 2,200 the
saudi-led coalition has been at war with
hootie rebels since March 2015 when it's
sided with the government and joined
this civil war since that intervention
the UN says the situation in Yemen has
become the world's worst humanitarian
crisis despite that Saudi Arabia and the
United States have enjoyed wide military
cooperation both under the Trump and
Obama administrations Washington
provides Riyadh with billions of dollars
worth of planes tanks and other military
equipment but now the United States UN
Ambassador seems to perceive the latest
attack on civilians as a new development
despite the same scenario having been
played out there for years we had that a
saudi-led coalition had airstrikes today
against a fish market in a hospital in
who data that may have caused dozens of
casualties we've hit a new day
on Yemen
and we've hit a new sense of urgency in
Yemen
that if this is what's starting to
happen civilians are at risk
infrastructure is at risk for nikki
Haley it just occurred today and which
is unfortunate because the United States
is actually supplying a lot of the
logistics and the intelligence for the
Saudis and you don't hear too much
criticism she should have been out there
months ago condemning what the the
humanitarian catastrophe that's
occurring in Yemen it's just you just
you just cannot be nice about this any
longer or or just overlook it because
it's going on for too long and too many
people have been killed and you wonder
and you have to ask yourself the
question what's the point
you
