in an unprecedented improving a British
judge has recognized an Islamic faith
moorage as being legal under UK law the
case was brought by a Muslim woman who
wanted to divorce her estranged husband
the couple were married have a
traditional Muslim wedding ceremony also
known as nickim twenty years ago but it
was regarded as a religious ceremony and
therefore not a civil marriage under UK
law the husband has blocked divorce
proceedings invoking Sharia law under
which a union can only be dissolved by a
Council of Muslim leaders but such
councils have no legal jurisdiction in
the UK jaclyn Bugan discussed it earlier
with a Muslim rights campaigner on a
British politics commentator how
significant do you think this ruling is
in terms of how Britain regards
religious weddings and the marriage
thereafter it is essentially the first
time that the British courts or legal
system that has essentially recognized a
parallel legal system namely Sharia law
it does set a precedence without perhaps
establishing what the boundaries around
that should be so I view this is
troubling misguided and potentially very
disturbing for the future the judge was
talking about recognizing it as a void
marriage under English common law which
is not exactly the same as Sharia
although this might might be a bit
similar so the yes in fact eclis made
that point that this is not about
recognizing a Sharia law it's about
recognising and implementing what is
seen as a marriage or avoid marriage on
the English common law not Sharia law
and I feel fine it's good everything to
do with you being disingenuous by
suggesting it's somehow completely
divorced from Islam it's everything to
do with Sharia law as it's understood in
this United Kingdom and we cannot have
I'm sure you'd agree with me there is no
place for parallel legal systems within
the UK for the years over the centuries
English law has improved to the level
way it's very very similar to the
general aims and objectives of Sharia
anyway so
marriage under English common law is
very similar to a marriage under Sharia
law anyway Sharia has certain you know
guidelines certain rights and
responsibilities for a husband and wife
or people who are you know showing the
world and they are husband and wife
and likewise English common law does as
well someone to suggest that Sharia law
in its full manifestation has any
comparability to British law is
ludicrous
I believe this judge has set a precedent
which does carry consequences those
consequences seem to television Islam to
particular prominence which it doesn't
deserve above any other faith and those
married under Islam have have always had
the opportunity to get the rights which
this judge has now availed them by
simply having a civil a civil ceremony
look if you want to get married under
Sharia law that's one thing buttburn
mine that it isn't does not provide you
with legal status under British law I
know this judge has given them a
backstop I think that's wrong well to be
fair the woman in this case she was
arguing that she did ask for this civil
ceremony and that her husband refused to
go forward with it that her father had
also asked for it and it just was not an
option for just the same as she asked
for a divorce and he would not give it
to her
so someone if we can go to you again
what do you think this means for other
women who are in unhappy marriages
possibly that they might also try and
take this route the rights that women
and indeed men have in this scenario are
the exact same rights that they would
have under the English common law so
when you look at things for example the
division of assets and so forth if there
is an asset which is truly shared like
the marital home or a car or something
they bought together then regardless of
if they're married or not even under the
English common law let alone Sharia
obviously they have an entitlement to
they both have an entitlement to that
thing presidents can lead to all kinds
of bad situations and in this case what
we're seeing is a parallel dog being
legitimized in the UK I repeat Sharia
Courts have no place in the United
Kingdom
you
