a new strategy to cope with the influx
of migrants to Germany's been introduced
the first of its series of camps now
known as ANCA centers have opened their
doors to refugees coming into Germany
across the Austrian border the move was
agreed in a controversial last-minute
deal between the country's ruling
coalition the migrant issues drove a big
wedge between Chancellor Merkel and the
Interior Minister host C offer in fact
at one point even threatened to resign
over it putting the whole ruling
coalition in danger for a minute they
eventually agreed to set up a migrant
transit set of centers in Bavaria that
will they hope help asylum seekers to be
processed faster now the name and keira
comes from uniting three German words
that mean a rival decision and
reparation next in her Nisha Sethi this
lunchtime explains how the new refugee
camps are set to work Anka centers like
this one in Bamberg form part of
Germany's new strategy for dealing with
refugees in Bavaria seven of these that
up-and-running describes as one-stop
facilities they bring together all the
government agencies needed to complete
the asylum process bordering Austria
Bavaria bore the brunt of the migrant
wave which saw over 1 million migrants
enter Germany as part of Merkel's
open-door policy in 2015
but local authorities are worried that
rather than easing the tensions as
promised by the federal government these
processing centers could bring more
trouble it's not much of a problem in
the city itself before the community in
the vicinity it is a big burden we are
afraid that should their end up be more
people in the refugee center it could
lead to social tensions developing each
Center can hold between 1000 and 1500
migrants but the one here in Bamberg can
reach a maximum capacity of 3400 local
businesses say that they're feeling the
strain already since the reception
center opened we have had at least one
theft each week it is very noticeable
and it has increased a lot
the fact is 90% of thefts are done by
people from these centers the city is
home to over 70,000 residents who are
well aware of the challenges posed by
the influx of people put people into
migration center makes no sense at all
because that makes something like a
ghetto and getaway station was never
good in history the mood of local people
has become a little bit more aggressive
newcomers have to learn how to fit into
society to avoid this refugee support
groups are among those not happy with
these processing facilities they see
them as an impediments to integration
and in some cases harmful to those
housed there being permanently confined
to mass housing facilities is
catastrophic for those affected 7 anchor
centers were set up as a result of the
compromise between Chancellor Merkel and
interior minister C Hoffa following
hard-fought negotiations but whether
they all succeed in easing the tensions
than the coalition government remains
unclear finishes happy party Bamberg
you
