lack of reaction from human rights
organizations with respect to the deal
that took place with ISIL terrorists
said I have mentioned media pays a lot
of attention to the Syrian problem the
right details on this fact Ministry of
Foreign Affairs is in constant contact
with the Ministry of Defence of the
Russian Federation they conduct joint
work to mobilize efforts to help the
population in Syria to return back home
within this initiative there is the rub
various meetings of the headquarters to
organise the return of Syrians home
during three things with support contact
with the governments of other countries
who take the refugees from Syria
according to the available information
in 45 countries there are 6.8 million
people registered as refugees to
millions women's will have children
according to office of High Commissioner
on refugees the most of the refugees are
in Turkey more than three and a half
million in Lebanon and 175 in Jordan
over 500,000 people and around 1.7
million Syrians express their wish to
return home from Jordan Iraq Lebanon and
Turkey the process of returning home of
refugees is more active
Libya and Jordan you know the center of
reconciliation is cooperating with the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Ministry
of Defense on the issues of the process
of returning home the process is in
coordination with the government of
Syria there is every time greater number
of internally displaced people we
believe that it is necessary to step up
provision of humanitarian support and
help to the injured and to restore
infrastructure in Syria this activity
shall be done on a collective basis
without political aspects and on the
whole territory of Syria we believe that
social and economic restoration of Syria
and the return home of the refugees and
IDPs is a priority for international
community and the success of soonest
settlement of the crisis in the
beginning of the normal life in Syria
depend on this a serious bloc for this
unilateral financial and economic
sanctions in Syria imposed by some
countries and regional unions we call to
lift them because they are hindering the
process of normalization of life in
Syria and prevents the settlement of the
situation basing on international legal
basis on the basis of the UN Security
Council resolution 2254 we regularly
comment everything that is connected
with this you do humanitarian
organization called white helmets
frankly speaking I believe we should
call them not white helmets but white
masks because people who were
setting as themselves as pretending to
be as those people who help were really
foreign agents on the territory of Syria
we're acting against the interests of
Syrians and they received money for that
and now they are being they are fleeing
from the country and we took note of the
fact that Canada decided to take Syria
from Syria the white helmets those
people who were pretending to be
humanitarians they were just people who
had good languages was extremists we
were not surprised with the fact that
now they were going to be taken by
Canada it is well known that the Tavor
together with some other Wesen capitals
for a long time was providing and
continues to do that to provide help to
this group moral support and financial
support that totals in huge amounts
millions of dollars I would like to
remind that this humanitarian so to say
see the humanitarians has become famous
for their staging of stories ordered by
anti governmental organizations they
were trying to maintain the steel itself
war in Syria too few new conflicts to
discredit Syria and Syrian population
instead of really helping the victims
there are other facts that deserve
attention and there are other reasons
why Canada provided refuge to the
new refugees as for ungrounded
accusations against Syrian authorities
and Russia white helmets and Canadian
authorities so they found each other by
the way it's a big question how normal
Canadians will treat these new refugees
after the defeat of the terrorists in
Syria and another fact I would like to
remind that the history of Canada
already has black sports in particular
when it has become refugee of Hitler
supporters we all remember this very
well from SS battalions if somebody
forgot there so we can remind it I would
like to remind that many of them didn't
bear any responsibility for their deeds
and now they are facing a new wave
helping to the supporters of the
terrorists and so there is food for
thought for Canadians on this fact next
thing you know soccer and its activities
on the restoration of Tamir I would like
to state that the UNESCO position is
based on the necessity to follow the
Convention on preservation of cultural
heritage of 1972 it's about the
implementation of this convention the
organization in the in this area is
realized in accordance with Hague
Convention on the protection of cultural
values and in case of armed conflicts of
1940 54 and the conventional method
measures aimed at the protection and
from illegal movements of the cultural
heritage of 1970 and a UN Security
Council resolution 2199 and
22:53 for protection of cultural
heritage under the risk of destruction
and one more convention 2347 in Manama
Bahrain the the 42nd session of the
Committee on cultural heritage it was
announced the necessity to restore the
objects in Syria the decision on the
creation of special condition is decided
by the United Nations organizations
unesco distributed information that for
the period from March 2014 to April 2017
when the framework of a three-year
project production of Syrian heritage in
emergency situations that was financed
by European Union and was specialized on
and by specialized standards and
institutions and they were around 50
events conducted to restore a huge
amount of from cultural heritage objects
now let's proceed to the next issue
the tragic topic that caused the whole
huge wave of sentiments in our society
and around the globe it's about the
death of Russian journalists in the
Central African Republic once again I
would like to say publicly to express
our deepest condolences to the families
of those who died to their colleagues
and friends of the Russian journalists
who were in Central African Republic now
let's
enumerate some facts that are available
and what Russian diplomats did to
investigate the case according to the
first results of the investigation the
Russians were attacked by the unknown
and when trying to fight back were
killed I would like to remind again that
all outcomes even intermediary outcomes
will be announced within the framework
of the investigation we can only provide
you with the information which may be
announced with the permission of the
investigative authorities UN provided
for experts on August 1st and 2nd law
enforcement agencies supported by UN
experts went to the place of accident
they questioned the witnesses and went
to the regions located nearby today on
the 3rd of August the rescheduled
working meeting together with gendarme
ears of Central African Republic and
representative of the Russian embassy
where they will make preliminary
outcomes of the investigation in
accordance with the criminal code
article 185 the investigation additional
committee communicates with the Embassy
of Russia in Central African Republic
and they are colleagues from the law
enforcement agencies of the country
additional information that has become
known after the first days of
investigation and after the work of our
diplomats today the world's law
enforcement agencies and local
authorities
and local representatives of the United
Nations and also answering the questions
will receive to the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs I would like to say that as of
today we can confirm again that and the
analysis of the circumstances of the
traditional tragedy demonstrated that
the journalists never asked the minister
of communication and media or any other
agency to receive accreditations they
never asked any organization for that
the context that according to the
instruction given by MFA were given from
the secretariat of the UN shows that the
statements made by media about the
supposedly supposed agreement on a
provision of the accreditation and the
trip of this group to the Central
African Republic of the journalists and
this news is not true until these
agencies found out about their deaths
according to the available information
they traveled with the private car was
local driver during the year
communication the representatives of the
central of the law-enforcement agencies
and media in Central African Republic it
was found out that of the Russians for
some unknown reasons never asked for any
assistance or journalists accreditation
they never referred to the relevant
agencies in Central African Republic and
unfortunately journalists never used the
vests and helmets with the science that
they are journalists unfortunately we
registered a lot of speculations
on the issue that the journals were not
given and granted the permission to go
to the military bases in Central African
Republic and in this regard they had to
conduct a security investigation and so
on and so forth this is all not true
I'd like to say that due to the lack of
agreements with local investigative
authority the journalists were not
permitted to go to the military base and
this information has been confirmed the
training camps of the Central African
Republic is a closed object that can be
visited only by the journalists with
special accreditation at the same time
after they are granted over the
accreditation and after they granted
they given the instructions from local
authorities this activity is permitted
the journalistic activity such requests
from media representatives from Western
countries were usually accepted and they
received the accreditation for some
reason Russian journalists never asked
for the accreditation and never sent the
request to law enforcement to the
special organizations of the Central
African Republic for the moment from the
bodies of those people are of the
journalists are in hospital in bangee
and we do all the necessary preparations
to send them to Russia we're not going
to announce the date of the arrival of
the airplane but I'd like to note that
the relatives received all the necessary
information because
in contact with them and today the dates
of the arrival of the of the plane were
announced to the relatives in other
aspects what has been done on the ground
in order to facilitate the investigation
taking a little count for the bilateral
ties between Moscow and funghi this
situation is being given priority in the
Central African Republic after our
requests and demands we were informed of
the readiness to interact closely
regarding this tragedy the president for
the CR a are sent a letter to the
Russian president with their condolences
and with the help of the Russian body
and the Central African Republic is
ready to do everything to prevent such
situations in the future and the
Minister for Foreign Affairs acting
Minister foreign affairs abroad about
the Central African Republic also
stressed that the C AR authorities or
the other thing too far to find and to
punish of the blatantly those guilty the
UN mission and with the cooperation with
relevant ministries and the
Investigative Committee of the Russian
Federation's the duration are
controlling keeping close track off of
the situation and taking into account
the ethical aspect about the case we
would inform you on every detail
we were shocked by the misinformation
given in the media some articles beyond
the understanding of human humanitarian
values and beyond to the legal framework
would they do everything to distort the
facts and the reality which related to
their whereabouts of Russian instructors
in the Central African Republic although
all the relevant information was present
on the website of the Ministry of
Internal Affairs of the Russian
Federation and I would like to dwell on
the topic I would like to remind you
once again that this information has
been published and available during
several months including on the official
website of the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs I repeat once again that 175 for
Russian instructors our work in the year
5 of them a military 170 civilian and
they were commanded they were sent the
air on a legal basis as a reply to have
the Central African Republic and
training the military servicemen and
also to maintain the equipment that was
applied by the Russian for Russian
Ministry of Defense in a January
February this year this applied was
carried out in strict compliance of with
the norms of the international law and
in the you pose the permission of the
Security Council
21:27 was given and it related to me
their transfer and the deployment of
Russian equipment installation of
Russian equipment the
with in a coordination worth of the UN
service on day morning 600 servicemen in
the Central African Republic were
trained and they are now carrying out
their duties to defend their country
Russian military equipment was supplied
in the face of crisis in order to assist
the local authorities to help them
reform the security sector and train the
serviceman II like to stress once again
that our one specialists do not take
part in any hostilities in the territory
of ciear and the only training the
military man now we are modernizing our
legal framework of cooperation in that
area and we are preparing the relevant
agreement turns and a complicated
situation in the security area doesn't
allow us to speak about the end of the
mission of Russian instructors and it
would depend on the level of capacity of
African servicemen and we hope that the
Central African Republic party will try
and manage to maintain the necessary
level of security in order to
computerize the operation we understand
why in this case the activity of our
specialists
attracting so much attention but we do
not know why these informations being
distorted so much as for the tragic
events in the Central African Republic
and which led to the killing of three of
our citizens we would like to remind
that in order to prevent such situations
unexpected ones if one cannot avoid them
but one can minimize the risks people
should be guided by the information
available on our website and on the
website of Russian Ministry of Tourism
do we say it on the basis of our
experience and on the basis of how the
response that was given recently and
inter relates to the information of the
mobile application foreign aid which was
developed by our department the crisis
management center now you see the slides
are relating to this application
although we have many times has shown it
and we have even held a special
briefings for the media where the
specialists told us about the ways to
use this application for inter - to help
the journalist and so that journalists
and their materials could familiarize
see us with it it was presented in 2016
and it helps us get useful information
about the countries about the level of
security
different states and there is also
information about the criminal right
rate and level of the the terrorist
threat and the procedures of the entry
and exit we were surprised when we saw a
great deal of materials in social
networks that said that journalists
didn't need to use any special
procedures that they just needed to
releases yes it can be but it can lead
to disastrous results and in every part
of the world there are special
procedures for the accreditation and
even in other countries of the European
Union in spite of the general provisions
that regulate such complicated areas of
the economy in the law and foreign
policy they have their own procedures
and rules for the accreditation so we
can say that if this rules function even
in the European Union then it also
concerns other countries where the level
of security not so high and it can help
and really save the lives of our
journalists who must and who have to
work in a difficult situations including
during the armed conflict and they
should be guided by the procedures of
accreditations that I established in
Elysee or that country so this mobile
application creates a route with the
accompanying people and this information
can be transferred to Moscow in case
some any help is needed and all contact
data
also provided and there is an alarm
button in this application that helps to
signal that you are in a difficult
situation when this about misused our
ministry get the whereabouts of this
adult citizen we are monitoring the
crisis that aren't going and mines are a
new crisis in the world are basing on
the information from the embassies from
the media from the networks and the
information has been updated by the
foreign missions on the ground and apart
from the application this foreign aid
the website of our ministry at the
website of the crisis management center
there are accounts and social networks
where one can get additional information
now regarding the status of journalists
working in the zones of armed conflict I
would like to dwell special only topic
because there were many speculations and
we are amazed by the calls to ignore any
regulations this data is for different
categories of journalists during complex
is settled in appropriate way and they
have a high level of defence protection
and the legal framework is in the Geneva
Convention of 1940s 49 at the Additional
Protocol of 1977 and those persons who
are here now to the professional
beauties in dangerous conditions the
regarded as civilians
II thought they are not doing anything
that is not consistent with their status
and they get a fundamental are
safeguards and violent actions and
threats or to their lives and to health
and any other aggression is banned we
believe that such actions are
unacceptable and federal agency for the
press and damask communications and
Ministry of Defense of the security
service and others they used and
developed the practical course is named
a bastion now it can provoke even
mockery but we believe that if one can
use such a means they would be more
likely to travel as safely and to return
safely home so the this system covers
the complex counter-terrorist operations
and massive disturbances it helps
journalists to to be safe and sound
while carrying out the activities and we
urge you to turn to the recommendations
and to new materials I would like to
comment on the situation on the on Maria
butene arrested in BSA you know we are
closely monitoring the situation around
this case I would like to remind you
that preposterous charges were brought
against her she was blamed being an
foreign agent and the Russian diplomats
and Washington visited her and saw that
your confinement conditions leave much
to be desired
she is in solitary confinement and
she has been surveilled around-the-clock
the jailers are constantly entertaining
herself the usually yes the breakout in
the cell turn on the light and did not
let her sleep and unlike other a
prisoner semi rebooting cannot work
outside and if your diet is very poor
and our representatives of the embassy
had a meeting with the prison
authorities and demanded that they
rectify the situation and they filed an
official address on that account we
still insist on the fact that Maria boot
dinner is innocent and Hello is awesome
agree with us so this is like our common
sense as fictitious the fictitious
evidences i've been based on accurate
personal correspondence where the
phrases are taken out of context and all
of the case is trumped up and it is
motivated by the internal contention in
the USA and by the desire to cast a
shadow over our country and we would
therefore consider our compatriot
political prisoner and we broke that
international community and the relevant
structures would draw their attention to
the lawlessness in the USA we demand
stopping the persecution of maria boo
tina and to return home as soon as
possible the almost the same situation
is around mr. Wyszynski journalist and
ukraine and still unchanged
start from 11th of July and his arrest
was extended extended up till September
and Russian consular officers denied
access to the prisoner now our embassy
and our authorities monitoring the
situation and we also demand that the
international organizations and human
rights organizations give the assessment
of this lawlessness and we repeat once
again that this journalist was carrying
out his activities with a full respect
of his professional ethics and with of
all the norms so from this state now we
are turning to the situation in
Afghanistan at the end at the movement
of Taliban is still attacking many
districts throughout the country the
last week it was the district of our
jihad in the province at the heart and
the were attacks of the talipes in the
common central promise of Albania and
they were also disturbances and
turbulence in the province and Charles
John and we hope that the authorities
Afghanistan will take measures to
strengthen security in the northwestern
provinces and we hope that the return of
the vice-president the system will help
stabilize the situation there are still
terrorist acts ongoing in this country
and for instance on Saturday there was
an attack on an obstetrician center when
11 people were killed and this
the terrorist detector was claimed by
Islamic state and we hope that the
people this victims would recover there
was interest would recover soon and we
still are come is that the settlement of
the situation can be carried out only
about this folder land between Kabul and
today on position and Washington seems
to be as understanding that the use of
power is a blind alley norm Guinea LMG
lepton stop as you know there is a new
director of the OPCW an experienced
diplomat mister areas in 2014-2018 here
was the permanent representative of
Spain to the specialized international
organization his election by consensus
shows high level of trust shown by the
member states of the Convention for
chemical weapons
this also means a large responsibility
we congratulate mr. Aris on the assuming
his new post and wish him success in his
work in complicated conditions which
would require using these experienced
and professional patience the OPCW which
was recently one of the most respected
and successful international
organizations in the non-proliferation
and arms control is going through hard
times
unfortunately the Western countries for
their own reasons decided to politicize
its work as far as possible they even
used such illegal methods as
non-compliance with the convention
established internal norms
non-compliance with the standards of
Investigation on the supposed use of
chemical weapons there are serious
destructive aim in the actions of
certain states who aspire to change the
aims and goals of the OPCW by giving the
Technical Secretariat functions which
are not characteristic of it namely
finding out the culpable
in the use of poisonous agents we hope
that the new director-general finds the
strength and energy to continue the work
of these organizations and reclaim its
normal functioning the activities should
remain solely professional and not
dependent on the political influence
even from the most influential States it
is important to do as much as possible
to restore consensus in the OPCW and
solve the tasks the tasks of the
expedient destruction of chemical
arsenals by all the Member States and to
universalize the convention now the
topic related to the UN within the
Russian financed program for the UN
Development Programme the new film was
released the first demonstration was
sure was done on the 17th of July during
the political forum for sustainable
development under the exo in New York
presided by the head of the Russian
delegation deputy minister of
construction of the Russian Federation
mr. Chavous this film is not only
available in the UN everyone can do so a
link to the film is found on the
official website of the ministry it will
also be published in the text of our
today's briefing you are welcome to
watch it moving on to other topics as
you know when 29th of July the king of
Cambodia had new parliamentary elections
they were characterized by the
unprecedented high turnout with 83% of
the voters coming the observation
included numerous national and
international representatives including
those from the stadium and the Council
of Federation of the Russian Federation
the public counts chamber the Russian
Electoral Commission our observers say
that the elections were in
compliance with all the international
standards the official results will be
published on the 15th of August at the
same time preliminary data show that the
People's Party of Cambodia is having a
solid victory we're satisfied to say
that the elections took place in a calm
atmosphere we hope to have constructive
dialog with a new Parliament of Cambodia
and the government of the country which
will be front after the elections in
order to implement the high-level
agreements on the development of
multilateral mutually beneficial
cooperation we have taken note of the
materials of the numerous media on the
Consulate General of Great Britain in
st. Petersburg who would like to make a
comment as you know the measures taken
by Russia in response to the provocative
and to Russian actions within the so
called script pal case promoted by
London a decision was taken to take back
the Russian agreement for the
functioning of the British Consulate
General in st. Petersburg therefore in
March the British Embassy in Moscow
received a note containing the
modalities and the parameters of closing
the Consulate General with the deadline
of the first of August this year to
carry out all the required procedures
including settling the issues related to
the rent of the property and hiring
local employees as well as other
required actions currently the British
side has taken the required steps and
also informed us of carrying out the
required conditions the procedure of
transfer of the building to the renter
has been carried out they're currently
working on passing the region's we show
previously in the Consul region of the
st. Petersburg consulate to the zone of
responsibility of the British Embassy in
Moscow therefore we have a parity in the
number of consulate establishments
Britain still has the consulate-general
injector in work Russia has a Consul
General in Edinburgh we hope they can
continue their efficient work I would
like to remind you that this was not
Russia's choice this is our response to
the unfriendly actions taken by Britain
another topic in fact several topics
related to London we have taken note of
trade flow of messages in the British
media putting forward newer versions of
the events in Salisbury and Amesbury
they're all based on dubious sources and
often contradict each other and create a
rather confusing picture of the events
perhaps that is the essence of all those
leagues this is a campaign to conceal
the true reality of the events the
police carrying out the investigation
does not react to the request and
refuses to confirm or deny it in
numerous rumors this can only mean one
thing
by using apparent leagues and
speculations and creating secrecy around
the investigation London is trying to
conceal the truth and to prevent the
establishment of the truth they're
accusing us of disinformation and of
dirty PR actions but they're using the
same PR actions here besides sending the
diplomatic notes asking to answer the
questions of the Russian side it's worth
noting that when the whole story of the
Russian anti Russian actions in Britain
started our embassy was sending notes on
the course of the investigation what do
you think officially London
gave us a response saying that we should
address the police for several months
the Russian embassy has been sending a
regular and systematic request to the
police as we were told to do recently we
received a different answer
also from the official and British
authorities saying do not address the
police you see the level here you see
how they answer our requests and how
they cooperate with the investigation
you see the level of culture that they
manifest it is obvious that the police
is acting on the serious political
pressure there is no doubt about that
and this proves their request not to
address the police it's also part of the
bigger picture the investigation also
takes into account the high political
bats that have been made due to the
incidents in Salisbury and Amesbury this
does not promote and facilitate finding
out the real culpable let me remind you
that the Salisbury incident is
investigated by Russian law enforcement
agencies which have not received any
answer from Britain as of yet we suppose
that not only Russian but also British
subjects and all those who solely drives
with London in a so-called cripple case
have the right to demand from the
British government an objective and
impartial and independent investigation
and the Russian law enforcement agencies
are ready to help their British
colleagues in this investigation I would
like to move back to the so called topic
of solidarity up until this day none of
those who support in Britain have
received any data on the exact events
that took place in Salisbury let me
remind you that the Solidarity was
expressed following the incident
both in the talks with us and in close
to all talks
everyone says one thing they were hoping
that after show solidarity in some way
this countries would be in home to what
happened during the investigation but
the situation is still hazy in London
with no hope and no information for the
others everyone has been deceived as has
been done before moving on to the
investigation of the murder of Glushko
nikolai alexei bisko what's happening
there we're forced to say once again
that the British authorities continue
keeping us in the dark on the
investigation of the murder in Britain
of Russian citizen nikolai Glushko which
took place in March as reported
previously Russia has been trying to get
information from London on the
investigation and the results of the
request from the office of the
prosecutor general British has failed to
provide any substantial data on the
investigation they only send us letters
creating a picture of zealous efforts
with a full lack of transparency this is
not the proof that London is trying to
hide the real circumstances and reasons
of the incident we consider the British
attempts to keep the investigation
secret as unacceptable and recall in
London to establish substantial
cooperation with the Russian law
enforcement agencies and investigators
in this case of Glushko murder it is
interesting that when we were talking
about this house Boris in situation they
were saying that using the formulations
there's no other
option other than suspecting Russia
therefore they refuse to have anything
in common with us and to establish any
contacts with the law enforcement
agencies what does the Glushko case have
to do with this why don't they want to
cooperate on this case there is only one
reason in general they do not seek the
truth they do not have the goal of
holding an impartial investigation open
for the law enforcement agencies of our
country or other countries their goals
are quite the contrary
look at the Glushko case for several
months we have no responses to the
Russian requests let me remind you there
was no solidarity on glushko case there
were no accusations made against Russia
even under the formulation highly likely
why no information why no cooperation
because the concept of work is all the
same only to complicate and they keep it
secret and keep leaking they're fakes
promote them and lead everyone through
the same circle as was in all the
previous forests another topic related
to Britain I would like to remind you
that a century ago on the 2nd of August
1918 9,000 troops of Russian allies
first of all the British Allies set foot
and air tangos as part of the campaign
of intervention of the ant ant in the
north of Russia the intervening forces
included American French and colonial
forces Serban and polish volunteers over
all the northern region received more
than 40,000 allied servicemen everything
is available in the archives
most of them wool of
British army up to 25,000 war in the
region and the same moment you may read
this information and history of the
intervention on the territory of Russia
let me remind you that the Russian
withdrawal from the first world war and
the truce with Germany was not well met
in the ant ant and in the US and in
March 1918 they decided to hold an open
military intervention and a North was
considered to be a good starting point
for the offensive they had the numerous
different political objectives there I
will remind you that during the
intervention exported timber for all
their million pounds if you remember the
picture songs Russia's behavior of a
hacking attacks of the attacks against
the Bundestag but look at the facts and
let us remember the behavior of British
troops in Russia surprisingly this
resembles today's situation they
exported around 33,000 tons of flax
black hiren or of about 3.5 million
pounds I used the pumps for your
convenience moving in to the north of
Russia their forces committed violent
slaughters the regime of terror death
camps functioning there the information
is available in the archive materials
the whole text will be provided with the
links
to make sure you can look at the text
and remember these events but let us
talk about our partners during this
campaign the British troops were using
what do you think they were using
chemical weapons in 1919 they were
dropping air bombs with Ypres does this
remind you of anything from July to
September 1919 they have dropped through
more than 300 chemical charges in bombs
according to different data they dropped
2,704 air scene which causes coughing
and death suffocation if you think this
is Kremlin propaganda this is not true
these are the materials published by the
British media the links will be provided
today 13 the British media provided
sensational reports saying that Winston
Churchill the military Minister of
Britain personally approved of the use
of chemical weapons in Russia in 1919
this was reported by Guardian Daily Mail
and Telegraph the links are available
take a look what was reported by
Guardian the use of chemical weapons in
Syria has outraged the world but it is
easy to forget that Britain has used
them and that Winston Churchill was a
powerful advocate for them and of quote
in 1918 in the infamous laboratory of
Porton Down the British specialist
developed a new type of chemical
projectiles under the codename M device
with the agent being the definite klore
are seen soon they took the decision to
test these new projectiles World War one
was coming to
and but they had a more than interesting
pretext the intervention of the
continent forces to Russia military
historian Simon Jones says the following
in his article the right medicine for
the Bolsheviks British airdrop chemical
weapons in the north of Russia in 1919
this was published in the Official
Journal of the Imperial military Museum
in 1999 mr. Churchill is strong opponent
of Bolshevism an advocate for the use of
chemical weapons on assuming the post of
Secretary of State for war and air on
the second February of 1919 informed the
commander of downton forces in
Arkhangelsk Edmonton site of receiving
chemical and gas project tiles on same
day on the 2nd of February 1919 Winston
Churchill released a statement for the
press saying that on the account was
granted Bolsheviks were using chemical
projectiles the Russian investigators
say that the decision on the use of
chemical weapons in the Red Army was
taken only on the 14th of February as a
response to the use of a second gases by
the enemy exactly 100 years have passed
the situation remains the same we will
provide you with clothes I can read
something in the beginning of February
1919 the commander of the 6th army of
the northern Front received two
situation reports of the Third Army on
the 20th of January 1919 we took the
firm direction and took the village of
tear gas care but after the attack with
asphyxiant gases our troops have
suffered new casualties retreating to
the lisper on and then on the firm
direction
there was information that there were
numerous attempts of the anime to
continue the attack and force of the
third Brigade 700 meters from the
village of kalamata on the fire river
made several shellings with chemical
projectiles and so there are many quotes
you can see them yourselves all the
links will be provided these articles by
historians say that the British
preparations to the response war began
earlier than the 2nd of February on 27th
of general London received the
unverified and finally fake message by a
major Gilmar saying that the Bolsheviks
will use in chemical projectiles this
information was used as a pretext for an
offensive all the same on the 7th of
February in 1999 an order to use
chemical projectiles to a full extent
our forces as by the Russian forces that
we provide them as you see back then the
British politicians were manipulating
public opinion and using the topic of
chemical weapons his article Jones
provides evidence by one during the
interval assess Co station he said that
several civilians were poisoned with the
gas still according to the historian the
experiment was considered a failure and
the practical results did not comply
with the expenses for the production and
delivery of weapons and personnel to
Russia I would like to say that in 2013
to prove that the country of using
chemical weapons in another country
the journalists provided did not provide
the facts unfortunately in the current
chemical history and Salisbury and
Amesbury they do not have the force and
the strength to provide the facts should
we do it hundred years later
or perhaps the British media will wake
up and begin somehow working and what
they should do instead of servicing the
political interests and spreading fakes
using the endless link leaks instead
they should carry out a genuine
investigation this high time to do so
and do something about Portland down
which is a deductive one the activity of
the group parent at in social networks
we commented on the activity of this
British group British again that is
conducting Internet investigation of the
catastrophe was Malaysian blowing in
Ukraine I would like to remind us that
this internet group is well known for
their outcomes of the outcomes of the
catastrophe made on the information
taken from the social networks not on
the original facts they used fake news
and of course what we see is evident and
the Russian polarization we see that the
activity of such groups is very similar
like Berlin ket what Hellmann's and
other groups which are all located in
London not even in Syria all the cases
are very similar quite recently
there was an outrageous situation that
we should mention it is about outrageous
expressions of our Hagen's and the
beginning of June alexeyevitch Polanski
representative of Russia at the UN in
his Twitter he comments some political
affairs and he made a statement he
commented the campaign in Netherlands
devoted to the memory of the victims and
the accident and he said that it is
necessary to conduct an open and
transparent investigation where Russian
diplomats also should take part and he
said that Belling care it makes the
outcomes basing on the unrealistic facts
and this is our position that was
reiterated more than once and it is
about the multiple materials of this
campaign that was presented there were a
lot of experts participating in the
activity of investigations who were
involved in the scientifically involved
in all the issues around the case and in
response Eliot Higgins and his fellow
words studied a full-fledged campaign
against this diplomat and they even used
rude words they even went further they
were speaking about Russia in general
also using this type of vocabulary and
in some time the twits were removed
British like to remove that words let's
remember the recent case
that we have mentioned the story then
went further Washington Post published
an article where Higgins
was the only fighter for truth and the
story with the reaction of Higgins to
our to the comments made by our
representative also mentioned and it is
another example of destructive repelling
propaganda activities and made by MFA
Russia and they present the information
in a biased way and they are not
mentioning the those outrageous
statements that they made ended with and
the British magazine refers to the
comments of the Department of
Information and media also devoted to
the events of the anniversary of the
accident you see everything
we couldn't probably see the connection
between the journalism the politics
Foreign Affairs but now we can see all
the connections how the campaign is
built and how the campaign is conducted
by allegedly independent researchers we
repeatedly communicated our stance on
the issue and we provided the
information that belen cat cannot be
considered as an official source of
information we proceed from the fact
that media and serious magazines should
not be involved in such activities
supporting outrageous information
campaign we took note of the statement
made by the Foreign Affairs of the
United States of America where the u.s.
authorized was the influence of Russia
through social networks
to a Facebook they blamed Russia in
providing pressure on the population
they called our country hostile country
and also mentioned that diplomats I
should say that diplomats should be
within the diplomatic ethics they should
use the words and understand what would
be the consequences a two year hysteria
around Russian meddling in the American
elections that never took place and not
only undermine the bilateral relations
but represent I'm kind of a mockery the
whole system of political structure in
the United States and show it the the
politics of the United States as a house
of cards the elimination of dozens of
accounts by Facebook administration that
was accepted as something good and the
State Department just confirms oh the
the whole problem and the situation of
crisis of the political system of the
United States at the moment because it
is about direct attack on the freedom of
speech quite recently five or six or
four years ago we were said that social
networks and it was said by the
representative of the United States by
the department's of states of the United
States that they said that the u.s. is
the department of states is this source
providing open and unbiased information
and social networks are the voices to
disseminate this information and now
they are eliminating or blocking the
accounts another interesting issue
speaking about Russian a project that
for many years is reviewed by the UN
General Assembly and which is adopted
it's the project for fighting
glorification of Nazis
and the practices that escalate
xenophobia racial discrimination and the
other in tolerances so we regularly
spoke about the fact that the United
States always voted against this project
and moreover they also try to find
supporters in that every time we ask
some what could be dangerous and about
that draft project that is against Nazis
and neo-nazis in a phobia intolerance is
what is so bad about this project for
the United States and their answer was
all the time that the meeting of
veterans of SS Pathan and the fact of
eruption of monument by Nazis and other
situations are just implementation of
the right for the freedom of assemblies
and it cannot be beloved because we
cannot block the freedom of expression
for people and so you understand when
people using neo-nazis and slogans and
Moto's and symbols that clearly
demonstrate the facts of the history of
the Second World War
working on the streets doing standing by
their apps and words and we cannot blog
such actions anyhow because it would be
considered as hindering freedom of
speech at the same time the posts and
Facebook that contained no expressions
can be eliminated from the account and
from the space they are own wish and
this is the way the American system
prefer to use so we see that u.s. just
supports the forces that try to present
as legitimate the decision of the
society when they elected the Acting
President and this will divide the
Society of them of the United States of
course we took note of the call of the
Department of State's to the
technological company to take an
aggressive approach to solve the problem
it's a symptomatic statement we see that
the last eight steps made by Facebook
and other companies that are controlling
global networks are following on more
and more occasions the orders of the
United States so who is in charge State
Department users or the managers of the
networks so we see that some actions are
clear calls for action so they create a
platform where all the words are passing
through censorship we remember cases of
blocking the accounts of officials
without any explanation like they also
block our embassy page in the beginning
of April 2018 the numbers of the whole
number of media accounts of federal news
agency and other media were blocked
great number of organizations also
suffered restrictive measures
the public movement of Russia was
blocked in Twitter they were removed
from Facebook so the position is
extremely weird and we're concerned that
but the fact that the State Department
is in charge of all of the situations
the next thing the drills noble partners
is conducted for the first time in
Georgia where they are trained to oppose
in attack and defense they use military
habit equipment infantry fighting
vehicles attack and multi-purpose
helicopters black fog and Apache we
cannot agree with the statements made by
the Ministry of Defense of Georgia that
these drills help to provide security
and stability in Black Sea region
stability and security are provided by
meaningful dialogue not through the
drills with tanks and helicopters we see
that this is the projection of coercive
pressure on Asia and South Ossetia and
Russia first of all and this will lead
to the escalation of the tension in the
region so quite contrary of what they
are intending today and that there is
pretext they involved the nearby
countries close to Georgia and the
Estonian intelligence chief in his
speech on the conference in the United
States made a statement about the agent
of influence in Russia among politicians
journalists and diplomats and
businessmen nobody knows why he decided
to make such a statement
well we actually understand the
speculations and the reasons for these
statements
in Estonia they're trying to use this as
a pretext to distract attention and we
understand this as an intent to destroy
constructive dialogue with Russia and
such
labeling as Kremlin surgeons and so on
and so forth it is clear that it is an
intention to intimidate those who cannot
just believe these fakes about the
destructive influence of Russia its
aggressive nature those who have their
own opinion how to influence another
news about the meeting of waffen-ss the
campaign shows that glorification of
Nazis meant the support of those who
were fighting on the side of Nazis and
has become an Estonia a normal modern
event everyday situation they open
memorial plaques memorials and the
members and of the government of the
country support this we call the
international organizations to draw
their closest attention to such facts
and also there was made a statement that
the statements made by the Russian
embassy against this campaign and this
statement was an interference in the
internal affairs of the country but that
statement is wrong we were not
interfering the internal affairs because
this is just a fact this is it true and
will continue to counter such activities
and we will counter the dissemination of
the ideas of extremism and
Nazism for many years we all together
were celebrating the memorial are the
the dates the universe arese we see how
we're losing the veterans we see a lot
of movies done about the tragedies of
the Second World War and we see how all
possible means I used to attract
attention to the victims in different
countries but why on one hand we
remember the victims we honor the heroes
on the other hand we see how for example
in Estonia marching those who support
the activities of people who were
responsible for the killings and deaths
of those millions of innocent people why
do we have such a disparate potion
another similar issue once again we have
become the businesses of the authorities
in the 20th who are rewriting the
history for example a clandestine group
of forest fathers for his brothers this
is a well-known group and they had
Romano's
Baggins is a well-known figure they were
supporting Nazis during the world wound
they were to blame for the killings of
civilians and the territory of Lithuania
in the year 2018 same outfit mania and
decided to declare the year of
20:18 is the year for my monoski dragons
and to install a memorial plaque in the
Claddagh university and they plan to
Ribery the remnants of the so-called
hero and what happened when they had a
flood the Department of the Union of
Russians in Lithuania which is lofty top
to courage to express himself against
this memorial of such a figure and he
was there was a huge campaign against
him in the politics they were even
threatening him to deprive the deputy
mandate and we believe that the politics
in the twenty of blocking any ideas that
are contrary to the main ideas of the
authorities are inacceptable another
issue during the night the 30th of July
the cranium vandals discredited grief
the intelligence officer Hero of the
Soviet Union day that is and the heel of
glory in relief and as 14 nationalist
organization - claimed responsibility
for this act and they even published
some pictures what Facebook can say
about this this is already the second
act of vandalism on the 21st of June on
the stone on the gravestone was drawn at
Trident and it was written the enemy of
the cranium Rebell Army amazing
so there is no reaction from the State
Department on all of these facts
according to the Ukrainian legislation
the city of Kuznetsov was renamed to
another badge and you during the war
Kuznetsov speaking German was acting on
the occupied territory of Ukraine under
the name of paul zibert having a high
level of confidence with Nazi offices he
carried out bold and courageous
operations he found out necessary
information on the plans of
assassinations of Stalin Churchill and
ruled during document conference and
made a huge contribution in to the
defeat of Hitler troops in the Battle of
course he also eliminated by himself the
main judge of the Nazi administration in
Ukraine phone with the governor of
Galicia Bauer and other Nazi activists
he organized a lot of important events
and this is the person whose grave is
being violated
disa created Kuznetsov died on the 9th
of March in 1944 was ambushed by
Banderas man in an unequal battle it was
a complicated situation and he committed
suicide his remnants were excavated and
reburied on the hill of glory in brief a
year ago we already spoke about the
necessity to consider the acts of
vandalism against memorials to Soviet
heroes as
consequences of the Kiev regime and at
total falsification of history of their
own country and we see no actions and
this without taken by the authorities of
the of Ukraine edge Kiev to investigate
the cases and to hold responsible to
account and to take preventive measures
to avoid similar events we have linear
Theory d'If in the room so we are going
to speak about him on june 27 as you
know the Supreme Administrative Code of
Poland deemed the denial of these stages
of lunch and rest of the European Union
to Venezuela the legal and also the he
is the listing in two of those which
stay in the territory of the Schengen
zone is undesirable here was denied
accreditation by the authorities are
formed and he is a stay in the country
was a declared a serious threat to the
security of the state
the decision of the Polish authorities
was condemned as Vittori and unfounded
action and the awkwardness of these
accusations were proved by and the fact
that the Polish a party just a
classified the materials of the case
minimizing the opportunities of
journalists to defend the interests and
it's obvious that the last decision of
the Polish who would which approved the
violation of
novelist journalist is de created by the
political situation and there is a
question whether these judicial system
and these punitive measures correspond
to the European democratic values and we
hope the to be appropriate and
investigation to be conducted in the
relevant by the relevant international
organization including the UN the OSCE
the Council of Europe organizations and
we also had retaliatory measures when we
expand expelled polish journalists as
sponsor to these aggressive action and
we also noticed the situation with
mountain climbers and whom were damaged
by a stone fall one of the group of the
citizen of Casselton was killed by that
and others were taken to the City
Hospital of almita one of the victims
refused her to be hospitalized and
another had injuries in his hip now at
the situation of all those is estimated
as satisfactory and all of them were
discharged from hospital in July and
August there was a charity event the
river for glory our history and this is
a project that has proven it's to be
successful and this is a mortar rally
which helps us bring our youth in the
traditions of respect
which ourselves so to counteract the
European campaign against Russia in
interpretation of the events about the
second world war the war against Nazis
this montréal is were also also included
such that is as press twitter sends
Minsk the places of our bitter fighting
with fascist invaders and it's symbolic
that it also covers Crimea and
Sevastopol which is a city of fury
Military Glory
I'd like to attract your attention to
this project because this is a very
symbolic and landmark event and we
support it educational forum that will
be held from 9:30 to 16th August in the
region of Kaliningrad and the forum will
be attended by 350 specialists in
international affairs and public
diplomacy and from young compadre to
compatriots living abroad and
representatives of all the volunteer
organization and nonprofit organization
it would be combated from 70 countries
like Austria Belgium a Belarus Ukraine
Israelis Iceland Luxembourg USA Norway
Morocco Mexico South Korea Palestine
Serbia and Denmark and to this list is
not freely not complete this forum is a
mentor to consolidate the efforts of
young people and promote the values of
Russian culture and proud and every day
will be devoted to each of the topics of
culture
Russia the world there would be an
opportunity to discuss practical
questions and philosophical issues and
there would be a talk about the
prospects of cooperation and interaction
between the countries cross-cutting
issues will be a campaign of rasmalai -
and a year of our volunteers and also
like to draw attention to this event and
in one week we would give all the
necessary details and last briefing we
had a question from a news agency about
Russian citizens visit to Turkey with
Russian passports regarding in relation
to the law of 1996 the persons traveling
abroad to the Treasury of talking they
need to hold their foreign passports and
among the documents needed for the
access that passport diplomatic
passports and service passports
encounter with the agreements between
the Russian Federation and Turkey twelve
main service passport and the passport
identifying this person abroad and the
passport of the salesman and gentleman
and these documents that are needed to
exit the Russian Federation and to
return to the Russian Federation I'm
ready to answer your question if you
have these questions
speak to the mic please could you please
speak to the mic
good day my name is sinister
Monica I'm Jennifer almost nanka calm
yesterday there was an information that
Russian researchers it would go to
Central African Republic has is a
decision have been taken and whether
there will help the investigation
first the decision was reversed by the
Investigative Committee and when we have
concrete information the Investigative
Committee and we the Ministry will
inform you on that this decision has
been taken and it it was lost yesterday
another issue information about the
forensic examination of the bodies of
our journalists whether there any
problems regarding this issue all the
transportation issue I've started at the
briefing with that topic and I said that
we did everything for the transportation
to be carried out today it will last
many hours but it will start today and
we've done everything phone for that
this everything of and all the work was
approved by the families of the deceased
as for the problems with for the
forensic examination I do not have any
details on this issue and this question
should be posted to our law enforcement
agencies Russia had invited the
president of the movement of Taliban to
meeting about Afghanistan I will whether
Russia did that I will double check that
before yesterday some many sources
disseminated a message that Armenia
foreign minister learning and to visit
Moscow and made mr. Lavrov is it true
and what issues would with a discuss I
do not have information on this meeting
we keeping in touch with at Ministry of
Foreign Affairs of Romania different
formats thank you very much CNN another
issue regarding the death of Russian
journalists as you know there's a
journalist was filming a documentary
about the private company the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs are denying the
information that there is such a
campaign first as for the purpose of the
stay of this group of journalists you
started your question asking your
question by saying that you know the
purposes of the stay of the child list
of the shooting why do you assert that
we have said many times that no producer
centers contacted us and the center of
investigations the hurdle for the center
contacted us just recently maybe
interval since
but I do not know whether they were
representing the media there or
representing a public social
organization I have no idea maybe we
should be trying to find this
information but we have many other
issues to deal with we should be working
on the first track helping the
investigation on the ground conducted by
the authorities of the Central African
Republic and we should do everything for
the initial data to be collected and we
hope that the authorities would do
everything possible to find the guilty
and the second issue relates to the
transportation of the bodies and to the
all the document formalities this
two-day marathon I didn't have time to
find out who second who had to send them
to the country and why we arrived early
today and we contacted the relatives on
the issues let's not speak for ourselves
for the ministry and we paid much
attention to this to the topic you are
Santa you journalist to the child or
estrogen you should use the
recommendations and the information
provided by the ministry second thing is
that the situation on private to
military campaigns this is not your
company and the competence in the
of the the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
so that's the answer to your question
yes Russia today to a channel he said
that he would find that they would
continue their dedication and that such
a courageous person so are you planning
to people I reacting positively to the
fact that the trying to send other
people to dangerous place as for the
sounding of people to the country I have
said everything that I could and not not
like to repeat that that's it what's
this looking at so he's pushing it in
right special services is it about
microphone regional it's about a woman
I've said everything you know thank you
very much my Japanese
article about 100 Korean workers coming
to the Russian Federation since
September this year they got jobs
Russian Federation it is a situation a
true one
yes we've found issues questions
and you should consider resolution 2375
of the Security Council and about
relating to the migration of workers
this relating to the permission sir to
the DPRK workers and this provision
contracts
it was signed before the approval of
this resolution so this is the category
of the citizens that are being issued
this permission so the also I think
organizations this company is not a
joint venture venture and therefore it
is participation in the tender does not
contradict to the sanction resolutions
of the Security Council on the DPRK and
another topic that was asked to comment
the publication regarding the employment
it does not violate the relevant
resolution if it doesn't go count to
provision 17 of resolution 2375 to have
any other questions do
information that the USA is planning to
impose the more sanctions against Russia
they wouldn't even take pains to find
any explanations for that just politics
Asia pretty crazy
if terawatts and second question you
talked about the community the MA and
the Minister of Defense on the return of
the refugees could we also contract and
involved in that process the Western
countries who also have a lot of
refugees issue yes we are working with
different countries and I've enumerated
the countries and having more refugees
and our efforts between ministry is
aimed at this point as the first issue
first question we know that this versus
underway in the USA and this is not
based on facts but rather on internal
political situation I think that it's no
use mounting in more detail now you have
three questions first follow-up to the
topic of our colleagues killed
so how many journalists who worked in
apart from Syria have them being issued
visas working visas from the ministry by
the ministry and how many journalists
notified that the Embassy's on the
ground about that you know the ministry
is issue not easy for those who are
trying to get to Russia and our
consulates and embassies getting the
requests from our foreigners so we
cannot give visas to our citizens so
what do they do this case for instance
well the Arab Spring certain country
informs about special procedure of the
work for the work of journalists so the
special diplomatic notes are sent about
the emergency measures they are
informing us that journalists should be
guided by these are that really we
disseminate this information during the
briefings by email warrant when with
Russian journalists are turning to us
when Russian journalists are turning to
the embassies of this or that country
they get the reply that there is a
special procedure and a special order
for the work that has been in place in
that country sometimes they generally do
not get enough information that was the
problem in this case when Russian
journalists - in fact the embassy of
Central African Republic they didn't
notify that they were growing the
like Janice requested pieces as tourists
a way to wear the embassy of the Central
African Republic did not know that they
were going as journalists neither did
our embassy know about hundreds of
journalists they need accreditation this
is the regime that we're informing them
about and this is not only about
journalists there is a related story for
example the bloggers and many Russian
voters know that we provide certain
consultations we provide and with help
or members of the civil society with
their car runs motor runs under certain
slogans rounds on motorcycles through
difficult territory several years ago we
had a case when we learned
I can't remember exactly whether they
asked us for assistance or not but they
filed an application for a visa to the
country we try to dissuade them talk
them out of it saying there's no motor
run would be possible through that
country due to military hostilities but
they would not listen to us they went
there without getting the documents and
got into prison and we're trying to set
them free they were not journalists
there were over the civil society this
is routine work that we do every day and
my second question concerning the
investigation in Salisbury previously
you said that our law enforcement
agencies are actively working on this
case but also that the British side
ignores any requests that are sent yes
yes that's what I said using your words
yes that's the essence they were ignored
so what are the tools and the methods of
our law enforcement agencies to conduct
the investigation and what is even
possible if the British authorities are
unwilling to cooperate you know even if
I want it I could not talk about this
this is the work of the law enforcement
agencies they should tell you what
methods they're using I can only say
about what's being done by the foreign
ministry we have a request for
information from our law enforcement
agencies that should be confirmed or
requests for information that they
require or requests for communication
with a certain number of people holding
talks and dialogues and through the
foreign ministry they send official
requests this is not only the practice
with Britain this is the traditional
form of conducting such work our embassy
on the spot either an official request
to the local Foreign Office or the State
Department or any other foreign
ministries of the country or if it's the
practice on the ground in the country of
presence they send relevant requests
directly to the law enforcement
of this country and transfer the
requests from our law enforcers the next
moment unfortunately due to the tragic
events we send investigative groups if I
let me remind you the murder of
ambassador Karloff our investigators
were working on this part there's also
this way of work gathering and
collecting information and conducting in
joint investigative activities forgive
me if I'm not using the exact terms but
there is a practice of working on the
ground with the local police this is
what we're trying to do to provide help
as for the methods this is a question
for the investigators yes sorry Brad TV
channel come around the Sun recently
there are more cases of Orthodox priests
Russian citizens perhaps we should
finish here why so I suspect no my
question concerns diplomacy actually
Orthodox priests Russian citizens who
would like to visit the iPhone mount and
other holy sites in Greece get refusals
of visas from the Greek Embassy or
receive very short term thesis and
recently a well-known Deacon of Moscow
Redeemer
send an open letter to the ambassador of
Greece and is it possible to provide
assistance through the foreign ministry
and to support the people who face
discrimination for their professional
activities this is the first time I've
heard of this problem perhaps I'm
unaware but it's the first time that I
hear that the people who would like to
visit Greece and to visit the holy site
of a phone and do not receive visas and
are refused to get them I have not heard
of this problem I will relate it to our
experts working on Russian Greek
relationship
if you have any exact materials please
provide them but again up until this day
I did not hear any complaints about the
consular section of the Greek Embassy in
Moscow I see once again if you have the
facts provide them and we will give you
the answers thank you yes please
good afternoon Maria Barragan is with
Delta V channel I would like to continue
on the question of my colleague from RT
concerning the spy scandal that British
Guardian newspaper tried to launch what
are we dealing with another information
leak about the Russian spy who has been
working for 10 years in the US Embassy
in Moscow as brief comment I do not know
what we are talking about here or so
that is impossible to comment on I
cannot understand if you have the exact
data please provide it and we will work
on it I have seen the titles and the
headlines but I cannot comment on
something I do not have any more
information about it's the Guardian that
should provide explanations then we will
do the talking yes please
lots of fara reinvest the information
portal on the 10th of August cross new
president Park in Moscow will open the
second Turkish festival in Moscow I was
not invited no question how important is
this event in the context of the
development of the Russian Turkish
relations it Wilson Veidt you yes thank
you any humanitarian cooperation
is of course important and I think I
will get back to you later if we're
talking about the cultural festival this
can only be welcomed but I think before
the 10th of August we'll have another
briefing and I will get back to you with
more exact information yes please good
afternoon
Avista kavkaza information agency was a
recent meeting between the Russian and
Iranian Foreign Minister discussing the
Caspian issue before the new summit of
the Caspian States in August this year
and are we expecting Anu Singh signing
of the Convention on the status of the
Caspian Sea and other countries of the
region ready to sign such an agreement
next week we'll provide an expanded
comment on this problem and I can say
that just like last time a stirring your
question I can say that we're conducting
very intensive work and efficient work
on the preparation it is a rare occasion
but this is what we have here and next
week I think we will publish an expanded
material on this issue and another
question could you share your
impressions on the shara festival which
took place in Baku and how do you think
this event promotes the friendship
between our countries I can say that I
was happy to attend this event I was
officially invited there frankly
speaking I could not even imagine the
scale of the event I gave an extensive
comment to the media but speaking about
official words and evaluations I can say
it is a great example of real
cooperation in the humanitarian area we
should be implemented international
festivals international programs
international events which bring people
together which Genie 'only show that our
features bring us together there
should not be any differences between us
we should not focus on the differences
which could divide us on the other hand
this should bring us together we should
use our traditions and customs our
history in order to bring us all
together
and this is exactly what I have seen if
you do not have any more questions I
have another topic recently came up 15
minutes before the briefing I received a
question from the CNN agency concerning
mr. Martin John Martin I think your
colleagues and this question so let me
answer it right now we're talking about
effect on the 1st of August around
Chicago US citizen John Martin born in
1972 during the checkup and verifying
the information carried out by the local
police it was established that a US
citizen registered in the town of
Soldotna in the state of Alaska lives in
Anchorage and turns out he was traveling
along River in Alaska State on his
personal boat about two weeks ago he
decided to go to the open sea and due to
the series weather conditions and a lack
of navigation instruments he spent
several days in open sea and therefore
he arrived to the territory of the
Russian Federation his full name is sean
martin william desert he was delivered
to the village of the Brent here
Tchaikovsky of the Chukotka region
currently this case is being looked into
he receives a required medical aid his
condition is deemed as satisfactory he's
expected to be delivered to the City of
another this fact was reported by the
Aquatica government to the general
consulate of the u.s. and Vladivostok
this is the information as of today he
is doing fine and will do even better
thank you
now we will see you next
