I again sportswear firms seem to be
losing their appetite for the Iranian
market these days with Germany's added
ass now saying that it no longer wants
to work with the Iranian football
federation some reports claim the
decisions dictated by those US sanctions
against Iran
donal quarter reports one by one
business giants are cutting ties with
Iran and the latest is German sportswear
company adidas the company said it's no
longer going to do business with the
Iranian national football team and that
didn't exactly go down well with Tehran
given the improper an indecorous step
taken by adidas AG with regards to the
sacred name of dear Iran on its website
it is necessary to take prompt punitive
measures against such conduct that
violates human rights and sign a
contract with an alternative prior to
the start of the Asian Football
Confederation Asian Cup we took to the
streets of Tehran to find out what
Iranians think about adidas s decision
the edited slogan is nothing is
impossible what they did is proof that
they contradict their own slogan I
believe what they did belittled the
Football Federation first of all I
believe there is no need for us to
introduce politics into sport it is a
nasty thing to do there is no sense in a
country like the US or any other country
trying to enforce this quite the
contrary
it's as they wish it water that they
have lost a very good market we are
studied us to comment on the reasons for
the decision but they declined to give
any details the companies move comes hot
on the heels of Nikes decision not to
sell football boots to the Iranian World
Cup team but the Iranians played
admirably at the World Cup and its
supporters took to ridiculing Nikes
motto
unlike with a DDoS Nikes motives for
leaving the Iranian national team
without any gear were quite clear they
just couldn't do it and they fell in
line with US sanctions without much of a
fight your sanctions mean that as a US
company night cannot supply shoes to
players in the Iranian national team at
this time sanctions applicable to Naik
have been in place for many years and
are enforceable by law with the us
threatening further sanctions even more
American and European companies appear
unwilling to deal with Iran and that's
despite the fact that since the Trump
administration's sanctions announcement
EU officials pledge to support and
protect European businesses as the
European Commission we have the duty to
protect European companies so we now
need to act
Levante no determination we are
determined to fight so that the
decisions taken by the United States
have no repercussions for the French
businesses that invest and have invested
in Iran top EU officials even wrote a
letter pleading with the u.s. to exclude
European companies from the penalties in
the State Department's response it's our
way or the highway we are asking every
nation every nation who is sick and
tired of the Islamic Republic's
destructive behavior to join our
pressure campaign this especially goes
for our allies in the Middle East in
Europe easy for him to say especially
when many are saying the EU will bear
the economic brunt of cutting off ties
with Iran but for now it remains to be
seen whether impossible is truly nothing
for the block Yano Berg from the
foundation for peace and future research
says it is the u.s. that's pressing
European companies to stop dealing with
Iran you see the United States is now
bullying European companies and
governments sending their messages
putting pressure on them to stop any
kind of cooperation with Iran that's a
very nasty thing to do because it's
suffocating 85 million people than their
lives after having done this in 79
at some point it should be enough I must
say it's a palling it's it's
narrow-minded and it's very sad to see
that there are a number of countries who
do not have any kind of sense of what
they do politically in the belief that
they can avoid politics now I can maybe
understand that for American companies
but I have no respect for the idea that
European companies and banks should not
just do what they do because US law must
not must never apply to countries
outside the United States
you
