it's hard to put my experience into
words I can't even explain how oppressed
I felt while I was there I hope nobody
ever goes through what I went through
but I'm glad I ended up there for my
beliefs and I'm ready to go to prison a
hundred more times if it serves the good
of my country I had to cope with a lot
of bad news at the time the many arrests
of my relatives and friends including my
brother sometimes it was too much to
handle but the death of my cousin hit me
the hardest while I was in jail the
prison administration tried to shut down
the classes we were attending that was a
low blow too but we pulled through
we managed these unfortunate events
United us we started to look after each
other like sisters do our love and care
for each other helped us be stronger in
tough situations head was convicted of
aggravated assault and obstructing the
soldiers she later accepted a deal in
court to plead guilty she's become a
local hero in the face of Palestinian
activism his video of that incident
remind you again that went viral for its
part here Israel's claimed those
soldiers were trying to prevent
Palestinians from throwing stones at
Israeli motorists it treats her heads
actions as a criminal defense and a
threat to the military's deterrence
policy calling a provocateur she says
she now hopes to become a lawyer in one
day lead cases against Israel I knew
they could arrest me it's a common
practice when your people live under
Israeli oppression but I did it
nonetheless since it was the soldier who
shot at my brother when he was already
wounded in the face and nearly died
because of it this was the same soldier
who fired at teenagers near where I live
this was the same soldier who put me
behind bars
besides the situation was critical when
I did what I did as it was the time when
Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's
capital it was a hard time and I think
it had an impact on what I did at the
end of the day
I will continue studying at university I
want to take courses in international
law so that I can become a lawyer and
stand up for my country also I hope for
all the imprisoned Palestinians to walk
free soon I would like to say this to
all the prisoners I'm with you I want
them to know that I love them and miss
them and that I will never forget them
