South Africa's ruling African National
Congress committed on Tuesday to
amending the Constitution to allow the
state to seize land without paying
compensation currently over two decades
on from the end of apartheid or racial
segregation white farmers still own the
lion's share of the country's privately
held land the ANC had been buying up
some of it for redistribution
however opinion among lawmakers has
shifted and the majority now support
taking lunch without offering
compensation but for that the
Constitution had to be changed that's
the move President Rama Koza no wants to
push ahead with he says the amendment
will help drive economic growth the ANC
Lakota reaffirmed its position that a
comprehensive land reform program that
enables equitable access to land will
unlock economic growth by bringing more
land in South Africa to full use and
enable the productive participation of
millions more South Africans in the
economy but the plan has been met with
sharp criticism from white farmers who
have called it catastrophic here's how
some have reacted and we are going to
live happily ever after
South Africa doesn't have a land problem
it has a political problem this is
disgraceful what an appalling the
situation in South Africa where are all
those protesters didi ONC explained to
you that you won't be all in the land
but will be renting it from them
won't it be for free well we can go live
now to Benny van Sal general manager of
the Transvaal agricultural union in
South Africa welcome to the program to
take the president's words there how is
this going to help South Africa's
economy no not at all you know Africa do
have a huge problem with poverty and
unemployment and for us this is a pity
they make these choices because no one
will invest in this economy and we need
growth to actually address the realities
of South Africa so we are very concerned
about this approach and that is fast not
the way to go
how much call is there from the public
for this change in the law surely by now
a less draconian way to balance somehow
land ownership could have been developed
you know at this stage all the land that
is transferred under the ANC government
by their own admittance 90% goes out of
production and we cannot afford a speak
that because of Africa is a very
marginal agricultural country comparing
to other countries such as yourself so
for us this is a pity that I choose this
and now at these public hearings the you
have one side a lot of emotions from
people telling that and we have to
transfer the land black back to black
people but there is no argument what are
going to be done on that on the other
hand you have a lot of people who make
some inputs what can we do to make sure
that we can run the economy correctly
that we actually make use of the right
production factors to make sure that
these profitability in the agricultural
sector so that we can have food security
but the people that is most like that
were most at this meetings whether were
their emotional people now that I say
the people want that but what will be
the the reality afterwards well we have
food in this country that's the big
question that should be answered if
farmers oppose this which clearly
they're going to do what is going to
happen well for sure we need now some
rational thoughts in this country this
is not the way to go and for us this is
a pity that they are going to try and
save themselves as ANC because from the
beginning they run this country by means
of promises and by means of fear and now
the things catching up with them every
day we have a lot of strikes violence
strikes that people are not happy why
are the things going in this country and
now that I still promise more things and
more things and that is not the outcome
for any future and the reality is at the
end of the day the
poor people will have more problems they
will ask more and less listings that
they can actually build for themselves
to future we fight for many years so
that they can give the people title
deeds help them to make sure that they
can make a living in South Africa but at
this stage it's the first time the
things you start doing that they hope
from the end see what they're thinking
and perhaps would suggest is that it's
going to get closer ties with other
countries but such a tough measuring
land ownership it could lead to the
opposite couldn't it it could discourage
vital foreign investment because
property rights look to be not respected
here you know that is quite right and
I'm really a lot of foreign countries
already contacted us as an organization
say if that will be the case we are not
willing to invest in your country
anymore I can give you a lot of examples
of people already stopped investing in
South Africa and that's the starting
point of economic growth and if you are
going to kill that and that is what
going to be happen if the aim should go
through with this it will be devastating
for this country do you think that white
farmers or the white community when when
in the past 20 years should have perhaps
tried to give more amendments to the
black majority so that this would not
have happened if you were doing it again
do you think that the white community
did everything correctly from from
outside for sure's in 2005 we make
constructive proposals to government how
can we solve this problem and within
eight years they will have reach their
goals but I sweep it from the table why
and until now it's the first time that I
make this promises to the public because
I need it for the election I think that
he if if he's busy challenging them too
much and now they try to save himself
and that is what's going on now okay
Beni van SEL general manager of the
Transvaal agricultural union in South
Africa thanks for coming on the program
you
