hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
after repeated denials the Saudis are
now expected to change their story on
the fate of Jamel khashoggi was he the
victim of abduction and torture that
went too far
Donald Trump has expressed concern but
little more some were saying Riyadh
could get away with murder
crosstalking a Saudi crisis I'm joined
by my guess sharmeen nor juanny in
Beirut she is a journalist as well as a
Middle East geopolitical expert in
Tehran we have Mohamed Miranda he's a
professor at the University of Trent and
in Washington we have Ali Ahmed he is a
founder and director of the Institute of
Gulf Affairs all right crosstalk rules
in effect that means he can jump in
anytime we want and I always appreciate
Mohammed let me go to you first in
Tehran with a hypothetical let's say
there's a hypothetical dissident against
the Iranian government living abroad and
goes to an Iranian consulate and never
comes out what kind of news story would
that be and what would the reaction be
because living in Russia I can tell you
Russia gets accused of things and
sanctions are done before we could even
finish a program here so what would your
reaction to my hypothetical situation be
go ahead Mahmoud well it's obvious the
we would be probably discussing the UN
Security Council meeting that would be
taking place to condemn Iran or perhaps
almost any other country in the world
but when it comes to Saudi Arabia the
double standards are extraordinary in
fact what I would what I think is even
the biggest question in in fact is that
the Saudis have been killing hundreds of
thousands of people in Yemen through
starvation and disease and tens of
thousands of people through warfare they
bombed weddings they bombed schools they
bomb funerals they bombed hospitals they
bombed buses just again I think
yesterday or the a couple of a while
back they they bombed another bus and
there's I think 17 people were killed
and there's no real reaction so when
poor Jamal is killed suddenly there's
this outrage which it there there she's
behind this but when all these other
people are killed yeah I think that the
issue with Jamal is that Mohammed bin
Salman was they didn't recognize that
Muhammed that Jamal was too
well-connected he knew too many people
he was friends with too many people
thanks to the Saudis for for many years
the Saudis had funded him he he knew
everyone he'd invite people to Saudi
Arabia he you know he people felt they
couldn't be quiet
after he went missing because they would
look like fools and then on the and then
I think in addition to that the
divisions in the United States made it
even worse for Mohammed bin Salman
because many people are attacking Trump
and they're using Mohammed bin Salman in
order to attack exactly so I think if
there was a different president we
wouldn't have this situation you know
Sharmini I mean it's a really obvious
thing to to address here I mean Mike
Pompeo is I understand is now in Riyadh
now the crown prince is the nominal
leader of the country or I should say
the the family the royal family if he
was involved and had knowledge of this
then he was involved in a murder if he
didn't know well then it's just as bad
so he has rogue elements in his security
forces I mean I don't see any way real
explanation for this whatsoever we need
to know and then the Turks chimed in
here they say they have all the forensic
evidence we remained waiting to see that
there but I mean I don't see any logical
way out of explaining the fate of this
man here but I'm sure Mike Pompeo
because it's all about oil and power
there's going to be some kind of
resolution and I think all of us will
say hypocrisy go ahead sharmeen in
Beirut well it's true you know and when
the first report started to come out and
I was astonished that the Western
mainstream media jumped on the story and
took it where they did know but it was
because of the Washington Post I think
that was the reason why I keep going go
ahead yeah so you know one just assumed
that Jamal was killed and you know
dismembered that that's the news that
was coming out but then very quickly you
saw that
was coming out from unknown or unnamed
Turkish sources was not being reflected
in what official Turkish officials and
Aragon were saying on the record so
immediately you could see there was a
leverage game being played out here and
you started to see that hang on wait a
second maybe there's a larger picture
here maybe Turkey and Qatar yeah are
going to sort of squeeze the Saudi stone
as much as they can to get some
concessions or cash out of the Saudis
but you know where there's concessions
and cash to be made trump is never going
to be far from that negotiation and so
of course now Pompeo is taking the lead
to to try to you know to frame what
happened but I don't think he's going to
be successful I think there's just been
too many stories and and and and and the
feeling has turned yeah I agree with you
that's what that's why I love that you
know they're gonna try to frame it in a
certain way and I ended my question to
you is the word with the word key
Apocrypha Ali let me go to you in
Washington I mean it's it seems to me
that when we heard that there was a
joint Turkish Saudi investigation the
first thing that went to my mind was
know this is Anna good this is not an
investigation this is a negotiation
exactly what sharmeen had to say how
they're going to resolve it and I'm sure
air to the air DeWanna and Qatar they
have a huge fake smile across their face
I mean they are getting concessions
would be very interesting what they are
go ahead Ali yes I agree with Chairman's
assessment that's my assessment as well
that there is you know there was talk of
releasing the the audio the the you know
the the shows or shows the exact murder
and who was involved and the details and
everything but it was withheld to to
negotiate a settlement and the
settlement will be it's a transnational
settlement the us like Sharma said
bamboo is nothing riad to to ask about
Yamaha job she is
he's real to say how much are we getting
what's our cut and the cutter is I think
our our part of this as well because we
have reports that other jubair was in
Doha just last night and to to make some
arrangements and the Turks are actually
getting a lot of investments from the
Saudis they need it at this time so yes
there is a settlement being made to give
Saudi Arabia out and everybody else is
going to make money or get concessions
from the Saudis so and Jamal is his
faith is going to be basically hidden
they will they will frame it in a
certain way like a shaman said
absolutely and I think it will be blamed
on the rogue elements they already said
that they are questioning the 15 Saudis
who were in Turkey during the time Jamal
was missing okay Mohammed I didn't want
to make it clear for the record here the
initial response of Saudi Arabia is that
Jamal left the the consulate safe and
sound there was no evidence of that no
CCTV footage then the next part of their
story official story is that they want
to change their story we don't know
exactly what that is right now I want to
set the record straight that there is
the Saudi side to all of this well
Mohamed why would the Saudis security
services want to kill him why I mean if
they want they they had him and I'm just
being hypothetical here I mean he was in
the consulate they could have abducted
him see I'm sure I assume they probably
could have got him out of the country
why if he is dead why would they want to
kill him go ahead you know that's a
that's a very good question and I think
under normal circumstances and for
normal people it would make sense the
question that would be the first thing
that comes to mind how foolish could
they be in doing committing such a crime
in such a way but you have we have we
all have to remember that this is the
same person who last year had this Davos
in the desert in the Ritz and then a
week later after all these investors
left they made it turned it into a
prison for billionaires and
to drive away any hope for any
investment then we had of course the
yemeni war which he's lost and he won't
let go and i think with what's happened
that it's going to empower the Yemenis
by the way I think this is going to make
the situation in Yemen much worse for
the Saudis because it's they're going to
have a stronger hand at the negotiating
table when when this all finally ends
but then we also had the kidnapping of
the Lebanese Prime Minister that doesn't
make sense none of these things make
sense then we had of course Qatar as
well and the stupidity of the Saudis
with the Canadians none of this makes
sense and I think probably the best
explanation that I can think of at least
is that Mohammed bin Salman is this
billionaire son of a billionaire he
spoiled he's sort of like owed a the
eldest son of Saddam Hussein out of
control and I think no one really around
him dares to tell him that his ideas are
foolish they're all yes men they want to
keep their status and they don't want to
have a a fate like that of Jamal's so
you know it doesn't make sense what they
do but this is Mohammed bin Salman and
this is what we've seen over the past
year a year and a half it's none of a
lot of what he does doesn't make sense
okay let me go to sharmeen before we go
to the break here I wouldn't put it
beyond doubt that there will be some
kind of purge in the Saudi security
forces because of course that's how it
wasn't my fault it was their fault
you see it's something like that
happening a purge go ahead Sharmini in
Beirut well we don't know what the the
end result is how they're gonna frame
this who they're gonna blame it on how
they're gonna sweep it under the rug but
I like I said earlier I I think it's too
far gone
I think Mohammed bin Salman is baked I
don't think anyone's gonna see him in a
different light you know no amount of PR
is gonna put him in another light again
is gonna resuscitate his image and I
mean this guy's created so many problems
in Saudi Arabia's you know we have ten
fingers and thumbs we don't have enough
fingers to put in the dikes you know all
the water that's spilling out of Saudi
Arabia you know from from Yemen to Syria
even Iraq to domestic things to the
Aramco the failed Aramco IPO initiative
you know Saudi Arabia's running out of
money there's you know these kind of
domestic disputes and and imprisonments
etc going on I think you I hope after
they made you can have a ten right let
me jump in here we're gonna go to a hard
break and after that break we'll
continue our discussion on Saudi Arabia
stay with RT welcome back to crosstalk
where all things are considered I'm
Peter Lavelle to remind you were
discussing the Saudi Arabian crisis
okay let me go back to ally in
Washington sharmeen brought it up on the
first part of the program the crown
prince for two years has been on a charm
offensive I think what's probably safe
to assume a very very may be the most
expensive charm offensive in PR terms
ever is it in tatters now I mean if the
story if they if we I guess we should
call it framing this program if they
frame it in a certain way that is not
credible that is not believable
sure sharmeen went to all of the issues
and so did professor morandi of what's
gone wrong under this man's reign I mean
is there any way he can recover it from
it and what I take a little bit of
pleasure in this if there's anything to
see all these think tanks and people
that take all this money and to
essentially read the script that they're
given I mean there's a lot of red-faced
people right now and they and they
deserve it okay and I hope it stays that
way because you have to start looking at
the the realities in a principled way in
the Middle East what's going on now is
just nonsense go ahead ollie
there's still people trying to whitewash
him just the other day you know the the
gentleman from Princeton somebody I know
was saying that you have Mohammed bin
Salman is not the political performer
but he's definitely a socially economic
reformer he let women drive oh boo ha ha
that's important I guess but he can kill
a thousands of children in Yemen and
murder journalists and take hostages and
that's okay because he's a he let women
drive there is continuing to be a
whitewashing from the business and the
prepaid a think tank and the you know
the Thomas Friedman's of the world for
this dictator and they have done it
before to two other Saudi leaders so we
that will never go away I think it would
be harder now to sell him as such and
the reaction that that that happened
here in America after the hasaki
disappearance and murder has been the
greatest ever I have seen I've known
about in terms of America
reaction to anything related to Saudi
Arabia and and its selective definitely
because it does not extend to their to
their to the Yemeni to the murders in
Yemen and I I think the MBS will
continue to be the leader and he's not
going to come to Washington anytime soon
but he will continue to be the leader
because he's just simply the guy in
charge and no one can dislodge him
regardless of what some Americans are
trying to do in the administration or
let's bring back his cousin Oh his
cousin is not any better than that then
he is maybe actually he's better than
his cousin who was an Isis backer yeah
let me go to Mohammed I mean again you
know this neocolonial attitude name we
should bring back his brother Wow they
learned anything about Boris regime
change around the world there Mohammed
one of the things I found fascinating
and really quite saddening if not
disgusting is that the American media
angle about it is weapons and jobs
I mean it's Jamal's fate is almost a you
know an epiphenomenon to all of this
here and seeing and and and to be to be
honest with our viewers here all these
arms deals they're just they're
memorandums of understanding it's it so
they we're thinking about buying this
we're thing about selling you this
anyway it's not as far along as
everybody thinks and I'm really kind of
stunned by Donald Trump's reaction to it
all because he's walking into a trap set
by his enemies here we'll see go ahead
Mohammed well Trump is is you know he's
no different from previous presidents
he's he has no I don't think there's no
issue of morality for him but previous
presidents were a bit more hypocritical
the Americans
I mean Brennan for example the former
CIA director has been speaking about how
awful Mohammed bin Salman is but things
were all right when they were funding
Isis things were all right when Turkey
and Saudi Arabia were cooperating
together in funding Isis have helping al
Qaeda it was fine when they were
massacring people in Yemen during the
previous US at me
under Obama this is just sheer hypocrisy
and one of the most hypocritical things
is how for example just I think the
other day in the Atlantic someone wrote
that you know the United States is no
longer supporting what's right the
United States never was supporting
what's right they are the problem in
this region they evade I mean if it
wasn't for the United States the Saudis
wouldn't be able to wouldn't have been
in been in able to do all this horrible
stuff it's sort of and it sort of
reminds me of what happened when Iraq
invaded Kuwait before Saddam Hussein
invaded Kuwait there was nothing that
the Americans said nothing about
chemical weapons and I remember as soon
as he went into Kuwait George Bush the
the father went on TV and said this
monster he gassed his own people and he
gas Iranians whereas George Bush knew
quite well that his own government that
he was one of the people involved in
giving an enabling Saddam Hussein to
acquire chemical weapons and to use
those chemical weapons against the
Iranians and against his own people so
you know this is sheer hypocrisy some in
some again pundits they say you know
they sort of try to say like Mohammed
bin Salman is like Putin or he's like
Iran no there's no moral equivalence
Saddam Saudi Arabia has created great
evil in this region they've created Isis
they've destroyed Syria and Western
countries are equally guilty of all this
and the reason why the United States or
the US government and Trump is
supporting Mohammed bin Salman right now
even is because of the is because of
Israel the Israelis want him to remain
in power because of the so-called deal
of the century and it's because of Syria
and it's because of Iran so the United
States is it you know they say we have
shared interests now but not shared
values no the United States has shared
values with Saudi Arabia we saw it in
Yemen we saw it in Syria we saw it in
Libya we saw it in Iraq and we saw it in
Afghanistan and now we see it with poor
Jamal if you recall last year on this
show
Jamal was really trying
to defend Saudi Arabia she was this
person go on your show was trying to
defend Saudi Arabia Knight knows him
that you can't you you can't even go
back to your own country yep I remember
and that's why I have you and sharmeen
on the program because Sherman was also
with us here I mean let me I know it to
chime in here
go ahead went to judgment today that
Jamal was was was that the end of his
life was a defender of the monarchy
he just criticized Mohammed bin Salman
and he thought of my work and other
dissidents work as as garbage and he
even said bad things about us so he was
a defender the only reason that they
killed him because he was for four
decades where was their defender and
when he started turning against them
they said we don't want any defections
so we need to make an example of this
guy who thinks he can defect and only
absolute loyalty is acceptable to us
that's why this happened in this sort of
a way
sharmeen that's it you know I've come
across this what we just heard from
ollie here I mean one of the first
things I came across when people
analyzing it I mean not in the the
lamestream stupid Western media but I
mean actual analysts of the region is
that one reason for all this is exactly
for what Ollie had to say is that Jamal
was an example a very horrific example
if indeed he is dead we cannot say that
on this program because we don't have
the evidence yet I have to be very
careful and using evidence that we know
but if indeed he was killed was that the
ultimate message to dissent inside and
outside of the kingdom go ahead charming
well we know that Mohammed bin Salman
does actually think that way that he is
a persona in the Saudi regime that
believes in punishing people and there
was this piece written this week by Ben
Rhodes senior advisor to former
President Obama and you know he sort of
launches into this anecdote where during
Obama's last trip in April 2016 to the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia there they were
you know American officials were lined
up on one side of the room Saudi
officials on the other side seated while
King Salman and Obama had
some words about shared shared
objectives goals and then obama brought
up the 47 Saudis who had been executed
recently including the prominent Shia
cleric Nimr al-nimr and just completely
randomly Mohammed bin Salman who's
sitting halfway down the Saudi row and
this never never happens in these kind
of meetings only the principles engage
with each other
he sort of stands up and says you don't
understand he says it's too Obama he
says you don't understand Saudi justice
the Saudis demand vengeance okay they
demand vengeance and these people need
to be killed for the security of Saudi
Arabia so this man is predisposed to
this kind of thinking which is why I
really want to underline I do not think
he's going to get away from with this
I'm not saying tomorrow he'll be kicked
out but there's plenty of enemies within
the kingdom he has now you know split in
effect the u.s. political establishment
that's always been pro Saudi because
half of them really want to take Trump
down with this as well but you know
something really important I need to say
about Mohammed bin Salman he's not this
young new generation guy who just popped
over the scene Mohammed bin Salman is
part of a project in the in the Persian
Gulf and it's a project initiated by
Mohammed bin Zayed of Abu Dhabi
the crown prince of Abu Dhabi who wanted
basically to bring this guy up the ranks
because he knew he could control him he
could get this guy with his his
simmering rage and their you know their
common views on Iran and the Muslim
Brotherhood and and you know their right
to dominate the region to sort of set
him loose with Saudi money paying for
all of it and as we see in the UAE now I
mean yeah the sorry in Yemen now the UAE
s colonizing parts of of Yemen which is
you know not what the Saudis want so you
know they have different agendas but
Mohammed bin Salman was brought in
basically up the ranks by Mohammed bin
Zayed in Abu Dhabi and and Jared Kushner
kind of mid wiped
it's a really good way of putting it you
know let me give Ollie the last word on
the program Ollie the the Crown Prince
many in Washington say he may be an sob
but he's our sob that's why he will ride
it out 20 seconds go ahead
Allie exactly just Jeanne Kirkpatrick
said it and this is the American policy
if he is our friend
he can do whatever he wants and you can
see today the smiles between a Saudi MPs
and Pompeyo of the United States just
tells you that they are going to
continue to support him they like they
supported King Abdullah before him who
abuses his own daughters but he is
called a reformer a woman right champion
so this is nothing new we have heard
this before but I have to say this is
the strongest American reaction to
anything that's to do with Saudi Arabia
and I give Trump credit for speaking out
Obama didn't say that he'd still they
continued to say to say silent same you
guys Clinton they said Jonathan here
we're gonna run we're out of time it's
this really at the end of the day it's
see the death of outrage unfortunately
many thanks when I guess in Washington
Beirut and in Turin and thanks to our
viewers for watching us here at RT see
you next time and remember crosstalk
polls
