Twitter has issued a 12-hour suspension
to Austin Peterson a Republican
candidate in the u.s. state of Missouri
Senate race for what it describes as
abusive behavior his suspension came
after a writer for the left-leaning
share blue website drew a link between
Peterson's acceptance of Bitcoin for
campaign financing and the alleged
Russian hacking of a Democratic senator
Peterson then responded with a gift
featuring Joseph Stalin the post was
deemed to have violated Twitter's rules
but the image was actually from its own
collection and can be found on the
platform's database Austin Peterson
joins us live now to discuss what
happened welcome to the program now
first of all has your account been
unblocked at this point yes it was a
temporary ban of 12 hours which doesn't
sound like like much until you consider
the fact that we are now six days away
from a very critical Senate primary race
and 12 hours is a long time when you
only have six days to be able to get
your message out to voters Twitter is
directly interfering with the election
here in the state of Missouri at the
behest of a Democratic super PAC that is
working for my opponent Claire McCaskill
here in Missouri they are trying to tie
me into a narrative that it that would
see me as someone who is colluding with
Russia in order to facilitate an attack
on my Democratic opponent which is
bald-faced egregious lie and frankly I
think that this just serves to continue
the narrative that Twitter suppresses
conservative and libertarian voices from
being able to get their message out
because they have a bias and it's deeply
disturbing and a threat to American
democracy now Twitter said that you were
engaged in targeted harassment how would
you respond to that and was there
anything else besides the image that
could have triggered the suspension the
politically correct police are out in
full force at all times as my good
friend ben Carson might say at one point
but the fact of the matter is is that
this was a simple response shift that
was a joke to someone I was actually
claiming that they were the Stalinists
and it is quite ironic because their
whole tactic they were attacking me my
response was a was a picture of Joseph
Stalin which was meant to be humorous
saying off to gulag and then of course
they mass reported me and at first the
Twitter send me email messages saying
that I had not violated any Terms of
Service and that I had not even
committed a crime I have those emails
but still two days later a ban was
issued saying that I had threatened them
there was a credible threat of violence
as if I have access to a gulag here in
the state of Missouri that I could that
could be a credible threat it's
absolutely ridiculous and again this
just goes to show that these social
media Giants who have banned me before
Facebook banned me before twice during
this election Twitter has now done it
once and frankly I think that this is a
suppression of the speech of political
candidates and it is something that
could be actionable because there there
was a a representative in the in the
state of Florida who had the same thing
happened to him he was shadow banned on
Twitter and he issued it as an FEC
complaint basically that this amounts to
an illegal campaign contribution to my
opponents it's something that we're
looking into now Twitter of course also
hasn't removed the gift since then so
presumably it doesn't consider it to be
offensive so do you think this really is
direct interference and not some sort of
mistake no I do not see this as a
mistake whatsoever simply because I had
received those messages from Twitter
that I had not done anything wrong three
different emails were sent to me about
this saying that I had not done anything
wrong mysteriously two days later the
ban was issued it almost seems as if
something had gone on behind the scenes
and that this this was an attempt to
suppress my speech during a critical
election I do believe that this is
interference by the the social media
networks to influence the outcome when I
was banned from Facebook before after we
had done some digging we actually found
out that Facebook's chief operating
officer Sheryl Sandberg had been
contributing the maximum to my opponent
Claire McCaskill in this election so
they were banning me and they were
funding my opponent it's a very sincere
threat and something that Americans must
pay and people overseas should pay close
attention to mr. Peterson if you could
stay on the line we'll be back with you
in just one moment
sure
mr. Peterson's ban comes as twitter
brings together a special research team
to combat prejudice and promote what it
defines as collective health and
openness on its platform but the plan
seems to be causing upset with the
assembled team already being accused of
a strong anti-trump bias
something tells me will suddenly start
seeing more Republicans in Congress
testing the waters and pushing back
against Trump you know because they're
brave independent actors and all why
Donald Trump when it can trump Donald
Trump's 2016 digital team and Cambridge
analytic ahelp the Russians figure out
who to target in their fake news
campaign on Facebook the team will work
on algorithms that root out incivility
and intolerance on Twitter and Excel
access the extent to which people engage
with different viewpoints we can talk
again now to austin peterson now of
course theoretically it's a noble
objective to try and clean up twitter
but what do you make of how the sites
going about achieving that well it
strikes me is very interesting that a
platform such as twitter would allow
things like hardcore pornography on
their platform and yet somehow be
offended by a photo of an old soviet
leader to me I think that this speaks to
the new desperation of the left they are
committed to taking down Donald Trump
conservatives the Republican Party as
well as libertarians they do not care
much for free speech they seek to blot
out speech that they disagree with and
they're willing to use the weapon of
social networks they have weaponized
social networks with the extreme
Rousseau phobia that we are seeing from
Democrats right now it's it's very
likely that many people who believed
would that were correct that may have
correctly believed that if Hillary
Clinton had been President of the United
States right now we could very easily be
at war with Russia
the hawkish militaristic behavior of the
Democratic Party today shows that they
are very content to silent speech that
they disagree with and to use any
tactics that they can to shut down
debate because they've lost the policy
argument and and now they're litigating
this is why we see these investigations
into President Trump
many people complain about the
president's attitude but I believe he's
been under investigation nearly the
entire time that he has been president
of the United States I'd be a little
grouchy too but like I said it seems as
if the Democrats are seeing red
it reeks of McCarthyism and it has no
business in American politics today and
what do you make of the team being
created should it possibly be openly
sourced from a wide pool of academics to
ensure it's free of bias I mean I'm not
quite sure what Twitter plans to do but
what I've seen is that there apparently
has been an organization chart that has
shown the biases of the people who are
there to confront biases of course
everyone has a bias if you're a
journalist and you decide what story to
cover you may cover that story
faithfully but you have a bias just by
choosing which story to cover Facebook
did this it experimented with stories
that were curated that we're supposed to
be top stories that were trending and of
course that curation itself lent itself
to a bias towards the left and they
silenced conservatives when conservative
stories were trending on that platform I
would expect to see the exact same thing
from Twitter which does have a very
noted open and liberal biases but I
don't trust the social networks any more
than I trust the mainstream media I seek
out alternative news sources in order to
determine what is right and what is
wrong and and of course use your try and
put your confirmation biases aside to
try to determine what is factual and
what is not well if as you say bias is
unavoidable what do you make of Twitter
saying that they're working towards
serving a healthy conversation is that
even achievable with over 300 million
users you know all on their platform
right now frankly I would say that the
answer is no I tend to believe that free
speech we don't have free speech in the
United States in order to be able to
discuss the weather we have free speech
in the United States so that we can
discuss very controversial things I
don't mind if a social media network has
a bias I assume a bias but what I prefer
is transparency about that bias for
example ben shapiro an or denoted
conservative pundit here in the united
states who comes out frequently in
states that he is open and honest about
his biases so that people can understand
where he's coming from I frankly find
that kind of transparency refreshing
I don't expect to see that kind of
transparency from Twitter or Facebook or
any of the other social media giants but
if they did want to be intellectually
honest that is the approach that they
should take
you
