in Paris's gritty 18th ohonta smelled
hundreds of migrants cluster together on
the streets they gather here as it's
where food is distributed by a local
volunteer group but after 20 months
solidarity Michael Wilson looks set to
close its doors saying they just can't
take anymore it's become more tense
we're serving around 700 breakfasts
every day to migrants who live in
terrible conditions they have nothing
not even tents they sleep on the ground
and is sometimes woken up by the police
early in the morning they kick them in
use tear gas to move them so when they
come to us they're stressed and nervous
twice last week we had to stop serving
food to let the tension calm down this
is something new for us so yes we're
stopping migrants have been expelled by
police from this area many times
Phillipe tells me that despite this they
come back and every time they do this
situation becomes even more desperate
from the beginning our mission was to
serve hot drinks and bread and we've
done this for 20 months every day during
the last month though we started
questioning our mission as we don't want
our volunteers to be put in danger who
is to blame for this situation for not
giving enough help to the migrants on
the streets is this the mayor of Paris
is this the government of France for us
it's both the state is responsible for
people on the streets for taking in
migrants at the same time the
authorities in Paris are restricting
access to water taps in the summer it's
irresponsible they also have a
responsibility towards the miners there
are miners here who sleep on the street
and in the camp of drug addicts neither
the state nor the Paris administration
is doing its job with the authorities
not providing enough support the
volunteers are giving up just a stone's
throw away from here is an area known
locally as crack hill that's also made
things worse for those working to help
the migrants philippe says that some of
the drug addicts are also coming for
food handouts and causing problems the
drug addicts were evacuated recently but
nothing was done to help them and they
came back
now come for our breakfast - it creates
additional tension
they're aggressive including towards the
volunteers so this is an explosive
situation while we're recording the
interview me the food distribution point
to agitate 'add individuals approach us
we're not filming their faces but
they're just uncomfortable with the fact
that the camera is here they've been
relatively aggressive and essentially
they persist
more people are coming nothing is being
done about it and there are the drug
addicts as you saw it's impossible to
film people here it's becoming more
difficult than before we think the
situation is explosive and it puts us in
real danger by shutting up shop
solidarity Michael Wilson know that they
are cutting off a vital lifeline for
vulnerable newcomers but as well as
doing it out of concern for their
volunteers they hope the move will
prompt the authorities to stop ignoring
the plight of migrants and force them to
take action
Charlotte Dubinski RT Paris
you
