Britain's House of Commons has been
branded a dysfunctional workplace so
this in an inquiry carried out by a
former High Court judge the report says
bullying and harassment of staff have
been thriving they're encouraged by a so
called a cover-up and denial culture the
House of Commons Executive Board says
efforts to improve the situation have
already been undertaken some areas of
the house were described as having a
particularly bad reputation for sexist
or racist attitudes and banter or known
to have bad or a dysfunctional
management or a match of culture in
which women in particular are not
welcome bullying and harassment is
coming right from the top we have
outstanding allegations directly against
the speaker who is going to be one of
the people considering the report
the changing culture has to come from
the top and I no longer believe that the
speaker John Bercow is the correct
person to provide that leadership so he
should step down
Oh
you
you
