so I believe in meeting I would
certainly meet with Iran if they wanted
to meet I don't know that they're ready
yet to have it a hard time right now but
I ended the Iran deal it was a
ridiculous deal I do believe that they
will probably end up wanting to meet and
I'm ready to meet anytime they want to
and I don't do that from strength or
from witness I think it's an appropriate
thing to do if we could work something
out that's meaningful not the waste of
paper that the other deal was I would
certainly be willing to make
do you have preconditions for that
meeting no preconditions no they want to
meet only anytime they want anytime they
want it's good for the country good for
them good for us and good for the world
no preconditions if they want to me tell
me
