the French president Emmanuel macron is
facing two votes of no confidence over
his handling of a major scandal
involving his former bodyguard who was
filmed attacking a demonstrator during
May Day protests Charlotte Dubinsky
joins us live with the details
now Charlotte bring us up to speed on
the latest well this is the biggest
political crisis that Emmanuel macron
has faced since he became president
around a year and a half ago politicians
from the left and the right side of the
spectrum have joined together to table
not one but two motions of no confidence
at the center of those motions of no
confidence is one man Alexander bonala
who used to be a security aide to
President Ma Khan now he was filmed
during the May Day protests violently
aggressing some of the protesters and as
a result of that and the scandal that's
ensued politicians are furious with the
actions of Emmanuel macron and his
office well we now know that an
investigation is already taking place
into what happened back on those May Day
rights but now a new video has emerged
and there is a new investigation into
that video that video which was obtained
by Liberace on which is a paper here in
France appears to show what claimed
shows bonala at a different point in the
protests and it's alleged he went on to
violently aggress to further individuals
well you can see at a point that that
video goes dark and the reason that the
person says that that video goes dark is
because the men you saw originally had
tried to stop her from filming they
tried to take her phone away and two
individuals say that Alexandra vanilla
is one of the individuals that then
aggress the during that protest and that
is now subject to a new investigation
will this we've heard from vanilla on
this particular subject he says it's not
him in the video he also denies it
during those Mayday protests that he was
wearing a police cap or police insignia
and he said that he is willing to appear
before the parliamentary inquiries into
his actions on that May Day well what
happened on that May Day well as we saw
from the video that was originally
released about two weeks ago we see him
individually charging a woman down the
street and then later we see him hitting
a man on the top of the head very
aggressively and then would appears to
be him stamping that man in the stomach
as he falls to the ground and there was
a massive controversy when this video
emerged because many people were saying
why was he not sacked when the Elysee
Palace immediately knew about what has
happened at the May Day protests we know
he was suspended for two weeks but he
was not initially sacked well he has
been sacked since in this huge media for
or with so many people unhappy about his
actions on that made a president Matt
gone hasn't spoken massively on this
subject but he has said that the actions
of vanilla was seen as a betrayal and he
feels that his sacking was sanction
enough I'm proud of having hired
Alexander bonala he made a mistake a
real one a serious one that felt like a
betrayal I told him so everybody makes
mistakes so the response must be in
proportion with it
well many people are questioning why
macron didn't have vanilla sacked at an
earlier time why it took this media
frenzy to whip up this storm why it was
that which was the point at which he was
sacked and as a result of that that is
why we are saying seeing these two
motions of no confidence in president
makan and in the French government over
this entire affair and given a sense to
give you a sense of how serious this is
it's the first time that we have seen a
double censure take place since around
1980 people here in France are furious
about these actions
you
