hi I'm max contra this is the Kaiser
report then lazy hazy crazy days of
summer hmm
max we're doing a doubleheader today I
will be on both halves and we are going
to look basically at the state of the
situation is kind of a summer solutions
and we're heading into midterm elections
and I want to look at what the big
issues are going to be going forward so
we're pre recording this a bit you and I
in fact will be on the beach and out in
Montauk
so we will be recovering from all our
yearly activities but the national and
security state in the United States of
inequality this is written by Rajan men
ohm he's a professor at City University
of New York and Columbia so effectively
has the beltway establishment captured
the concept of national security that
for most of us it automatically conjures
up images of terrorist groups cyber
warriors or rogue states to ward off
such foes the United States maintains a
historically unprecedented constellation
of military bases abroad and since 9/11
has waged wars in Afghanistan Iraq Syria
Libya and elsewhere that have gobbled up
nearly four point eight trillion dollars
the 2018 Pentagon budget already totals
six hundred and forty seven billion
dollars four times what China second and
military spending shells ow and more
than the next 12 countries combined
seven of them American allies for good
measure Donald Trump has added an
additional 200 billion dollars to
projected defense expenditures through
2019 so he maintains for millions of
Americans however they don't care about
these foreign enemies so-called foreign
enemies at the media and the military
industrial and all the lobbyists that go
on to MSNBC and CNN and pitch their
wares and sell their Americans on fear
that Americans don't care about it they
care about their economic health war is
obsolete hey let me explain why up until
very recently there was an idea
inculcated in the human brain of
expansionism of territorial conquest of
power grabbing but as of recently we are
now in a shrinking world and that the
idea of spending money to acquire region
to acquire territory
to acquire wealth is an oxymoron there
there is no more wealth to acquire the
ecosystem is collapsing the economy is
flooded with worthless Fiat paper and
the species is migrating over to the
digital sphere these would be these
networks and platforms people are
uploading their minds into cyberspace
and hope to become immortal so every
dollar spent on defense every dollar
spent by the Pentagon is a wasted dollar
that's a 19 18 17 16 century mindset
it's completely antiquated and it's
utterly worthless again let me reiterate
this line let me read it to you so you
understand the full impact of what I'm
saying as we're heading into 2018
midterm elections where I'm afraid when
I watch the media I really feel like the
the elite the opinion-makers the top 1%
and those are the only voices you ever
see corporate media because remember you
got to sell a lot of stool softener and
all sorts of like products for the home
and you you want these the top 1% on
there so they're what what they're
pushing is more war and it when they
confront the voter in 2018 because there
are voters still get some votes I think
they're gonna be disappointed again for
millions of Americans the greatest
threat to their day-to-day security is
not terrorism nor is it North Korea Iran
Russia or China it is internal and
economic you and I have seen that we've
crossed we've driven all across America
several times in the past year you see
that out there so when you tune in to
Rachel Maddow or you tune in to Anderson
Cooper you tune in to Fox it induces
panic anxiety and me because it has it's
like a different world they're talking
about well they're not taking into
consideration the real threat that you
could call it or salvation of the
singularity right so humans are going
over the event horizon of the species
that we've been inhabiting now for
millennia and we're entering into a new
especiall existence and so this idea of
territorial conquest is outside of the
mind is worthless all the territory that
will be acquired going forward is in the
global unconscious the the collective
unconscious and that's what Bitcoin and
blockchain is all about this is
essentially artificial intelligence that
is replicating itself needs to be the
hash rate of the blockchain to make
humans extinct that is the war we face
that is the domain that we need to
consider so when this whole idea of
matching country versus country and
spending money on weapons it's it's
completely meaningless I would posit
also that it's kind of a sort of they
themselves the 1% you're seeing them
you're seeing their raw fear you're
seeing and I think fear is a kind of
decadence you have to be like you have
to have too much time on your hands and
too much money to have fear because
people out in the streets who are hungry
and working hard they don't have fear
because they don't have time to feel you
got to survive
well this headline is gonna support what
I was saying there
we asked psychologists why so many rich
people think the apocalypse is coming
many of the world's richest seem to
earnestly believe that some kind of
apocalyptic event is coming and have
prepared accordingly you might have read
about this before such as in the New
Yorkers deep dive back in January 2017
but billionaire Doomsday Preppers are
back in the news again thanks to a new
viral article penned by professor and
media theorist Douglas rushkoff in it
rushkoff gives some insight on the grave
manner in which some of the business
elite are going about preparing for a
doomsday which he learned firsthand
after receiving an invitation to speak
with some one percenters so again
important he's a media theorist as well
so I think what you're seeing in the
media from Matta what you see when
you're seeing that meltdown when the the
doc connecting is this raw fear this
fear of an apocalypse coming this is the
sort of stuff you see in movies when
people are like they see a scary monster
that's never been seen
on earth before coming at them so he
went to this event and he the number one
question being asked was how do I
maintain authority over my security
forces after the event after the
apocalypse comes this single question
occupied us for the rest of the hour
that he spent with these one-percenters
they knew armed guards would be required
to protect their compounds from the
angry mobs but how would they pay the
guards once money was worthless what
would stop the guards from choosing
their own leader the billionaire is
considered using special combination
locks on the food supply that only they
knew or making guards wear disciplinary
collars of some kind in return for their
survival or maybe building robots to
serve as guards and workers if that
technology could be developed in time
right this is what led to the pyramids
you know in an earlier at 5,000 years
ago right the pharaohs of the of Egypt
who are unconscionably wealthy and they
kept going down this rabbit hole of all
what if I'm dead and I need gold in the
afterlife what do I what if someone
tries to steal the gold whatever someone
tries to tell somebody who knows who
built the pyramid where the gold is in
the secret chamber of the chamber of the
chamber of the gold so they built us
elaborate pyramid over many many years
because they've gone down the rabbit
hole of paranoia and narcissism and so
Americans and the other one percenters
around the world are building similar
pyramids on their mind it's not for
nothing that the Masons and other
Illuminati they have a pyramid as their
you know primary symbol to connect all
of these thoughts into one hyperbolic
apocalyptic narcissistic doomsday
scenario and it drives in many cases
technology but my point is that it's all
for naught because the earth itself Gaia
Mother Earth is shrinking to support the
life on this planet human life in
particular so up to 7 billion that
inhabit planet Earth there's only real
room on Spaceship Earth for very few
going forward so that's the apocalypse
and you know the only way to to kind of
deal with that is it would be the
opposite
the kind of scenario you're talking
about there there should be an outreach
program you know to get to know your
your neighbor better because when the
life supporting systems like water air
etc start food collapse you're going to
need to rely on one another not shoot
one another anyway so back to this story
what I'm saying what I see with Stacy
Herbert sitting here in New York City
when I turn on MSNBC and I see them
having a breakdown
here they are hanging out with a same
billionaire as this guy did they are
having the same mental breakdown and who
are those billionaires who are the 1%
remember Rachel Maddow is making 30
million a year all those guys you see on
the news are making twenty thirty forty
million dollars a year they're all
making that sort of money they are the
same sort of people that are sitting
there asking how are they going to
protect themselves from you you're the
viewer the view that got the person the
opioid addict that Rachel Maddow is
selling stool softener to she's afraid
of that person she's afraid of how how
to get away from that person so when
they're talking about why we need more
war they're basically I think
genetically you talked about you know
Cairo in Egypt and the the pyramids and
stuff like that like I think our DNA
know is like we're at a tipping point
and that something's gonna call them and
then they always rise the collective
unconsciousness yeah I read your you're
young you know who dove deeper into the
subconscious and unconscious than Freud
was able to do and discovered the
foundation of our collective unconscious
and our connection to cosmic
consciousness you know that we
understand this on a on a particle an
atomic level on a DNA level and so Gaia
which is part of our common experience
is rebelling and so it manifests itself
differently as you know we've witnessed
in Mexico the art there reflects post
life reality as a series of reflections
of the dead body going down the stairs
into the afterlife and and seeing
themselves in reality of who they are in
their post life experience
the case of Rachel Matta she sees
herself as a screaming ugly warmongering
you know I could go on but I'll be kind
and accelerator you know in the case of
Donald Trump he sees himself as a peace
broker and as a global deal maker you
know and there's somebody else wrote
that book for him the art of the deal in
a peaceful way in pieces and so people
are now genuinely coming to conscious
terms with their genuine selves as we
now are flipping over into the into the
event horizon of the singularity so we
becoming who we genuinely are in real
time again that's what the blockchain
does because the blockchain audits
everything every 10 minutes so it's
completely in sync every 10 minutes
everything is audited all information
there's no arbitrage there's no slippage
there's no subjectivity it's completely
objective now God is here and God is
Satoshi every 10 minutes there is a
complete auditing of all knowledge
that's then republished and then
uploaded as the singularity approaches
that's why these the 51% hash attack
will never succeed anyway well got more
of this discussion summer hallucinations
right after this break don't go away
something about a stool softener I
believe okay stay right there
welcome back to Kaiser report summer
elucidation I'm here with stacy herbert
we are diving deep into cosmic
consciousness and the gaia
as it was taught to me by teddy
goldsmith
the brother of Sir James Goldsmith uncle
of a good friend of ours we don't talk
too much anymore Ben Goldsmith's brother
I forget his name on to the show so
we're talking about summer solutions and
we're talking about the upcoming 2018
midterm elections and why we might be in
for yet another shock we don't know but
we do know that the wealth and income
gap is soaring in America we know that
as salon.com felt compelled to ask
psychologists why rich people feel like
the apocalypse is coming all the people
you see on the corporate media are
making twenty thirty forty million
dollars a year being corporate
spokespersons for stool softeners as I
mentioned in the first half if you're
outside America this is because the
reason why we have so much stool
softener here is because opioids you
know all that oxycontin is they gave a
constituents the patient and so it's a
big product here to sell stool softener
but nevertheless results although the
streets in San Francisco everything is
softened up so we're gonna look at what
might confront the media when they sit
here in New York City and they never
leave New York City by the way you
hardly ever see them leave New York City
and everything here is so rich and
expensive and lovely you know and all
the New York Fed gives them free money
everything is free right everything
seems great so what's going on outside
of the rest of America member I talked
about that first headline the national
insecurity state and the United States
of inequality the more unequal we become
the more insecure and the red red alerts
and yellow alerts and be careful be you
know see something wealth it can
exacerbate trends psychological trends
if you're as mildly paranoid as a poor
person or a medium income person you can
become extremely paranoid as a rich
person it's like throwing gasoline
character problems and psychoses and
neuroses the wealth just makes it worse
so some people adapt to wealth quite
well
many people don't and wealth itself is
not a panacea it doesn't cure stuff for
people
it can cause as many or more problems
than not having wealth I mean that's
something that is not well understood
but nevertheless in the first article I
was talking about there the United
States of inequality what they found was
that savings aren't isn't much help to
the average American 1/3 of Americans
have no savings at all and another third
have less than $1,000 in the bank little
wonder that families struggling to cover
the cost of food alone increased from 11
percent in 2007 to 14 percent or 48
million Americans in 2014 with that you
see 48 million Americans 48 million have
a problem putting food on the table this
is a big headline I think will have an
impact on 2018 and certainly 2020 Jeff
Bezos becomes the richest man in modern
history topping 150 billion dollars the
amazon.com founders net worth cracked
one hundred and fifty billion dollars
two weeks ago or a week ago in New York
on Monday according to Bloomberg
billionaires index that's about 55
billion dollars more than Microsoft
co-founder Bill Gates the world's second
richest man he added fifty two billion
dollars just as January 1st of 2018
fifty two billion dollars works out to
two hundred and seventy five million
dollars a day he earned this year I mean
you see the result on the Main Street in
America shops are closing so jobs are
disappearing you know there's a onion
which is a humor magazine made a
reference recently that Bezos rolled out
a new business model and then had to
cancel it because he realized it was
slavery slavery is illegal but this is a
concentration of wealth that is
unprecedented and it does create a
society that is going down two very
separate tracks so there's no common
Jeff Bezos you know he builds rocket
ships and wants to do space tourism at
$200,000 a pop for people to go up for
joyrides and there will be a lot of
people lining up for that opportunity
you know like they used to line up at
the Playland to go on the roller coaster
for a buck a lot of people for that you
know $200,000 is chump change to go up
in a spaceship with Jeff Bezos that's
great then you've got this 47 million
dollars you cap with foot people who
can't put food on the table you've got
120 million of Americans are at or below
the poverty line so you've got this huge
split now it reminds me of the essay
that we talked about at length on this
show called the collapse gap by Dimitri
Orlov who said in 1989 1990 when the
Soviet Union collapsed that America
collapsed at the same time but it would
take 2025 years for it to that to
manifest itself and I think that's what
we're seeing we're seeing a collapse
whereas the Soviet Union is now going
through the collapse announcement you
know as Russia is now inching its way
forward yeah well back to this story so
I want to say you know looking at 2018
looking at 2020 the reasons why I think
this will play into it as Jeff Bezos
owns the Washington Post which Trump
will call fake news and he'll point out
here's a good demon for him to point to
as a guy who's has a hundred and fifty
billion dollars so he'll point that out
but we did talk in the first half about
the rich the ultra rich and certainly
this guy is the richest person in modern
history
so they're afraid of the apocalypse
could this be why he's trying to get to
Mars or moon or whatever beyond that and
he's trying to escape but I do believe
that there is you know they're there
they're going to try to protect
themselves in some way throughout
history they've provided you know the
wealthy or the oligarchs or the Lords
and stuff would often provide housing or
food for the peasants I think that might
be a trend you probably see by 2020 Jeff
Bezos you know amazon.com emblazoned
sort of housing for people but so you
know here have this house don't kill me
in fact on one day the day before this
the Amazon Prime sales day last week
well on that one day he earned that much
in stock gains to buy every single house
available for sale in Seattle right
Amazon Prime it could be turned into
universal basic income so you go to your
app and it'll flood you with money that
you can then use at Amazon to buy food
now how is that different than the Fed
flooding Fiat money into the economy to
stoke demand to get the economy going
it's not based on savings or capitalism
it's based on fiat money why amazon.com
can easily come up with their own Amazon
coin I think they will just for safety
and security I think that in the first
half there is there it's so extreme that
these billionaires are afraid of being
attacked by the peasants
that I think that there will be in a
case where they're starting to isn't an
Amazon that was like paving the roads
like at the potholes because the
taxpayer and the municipalities are so
bankrupt from austerity and the
financial crisis still so many was
billion potholes and then branding yeah
bottles as a marketing thing because
their company was filling them in so
this is I'm saying is like I do believe
you're already starting to see that in
Silicon Valley for example I do believe
the major giant monopolies of the
internet or providing housing for their
workers at first but it might be a case
where they start having to provide it I
think there was one billionaire who said
he was gonna provide some housing for
all the homeless people so I think
they're cut this is something that we're
gonna start to see because it always
happens through these servers already
giving away billions and billions of
dollars of the game like that's like Red
Cross I'm offering to the world my own
suggestion of what I think is going to
happen you're going to see things like
Marie Antoinette sort of days they're
going to come up with neo feudal ideas
just if we're an and neo feudalism we're
going to see similar ideas that we had
in the past where they took care of the
peasants where they housed and fed the
peasants where they did things like that
so I think we're gonna see modern
equivalents and might be more flashy and
look different but it's going to be the
same well I call this the casino gulag
you know people live in a gulag
essentially and they get the chance to
win a few bucks playing games online but
you know Jeff Bezos understates earnings
too busy doesn't like play taxes if he
returned to earnings
for real you know he would not be worth
150 billion dollars he would be worth
three hundred fifty billion dollars
which is the same net worth adjusted for
inflation as the Rothschilds which are
the second richest entity ever in the
history the blow actually he is about to
be the number one wealthiest family in
America is the walton family and they
are worth 150 1.2 billion so he's almost
worth as much as the entire turns on the
earnings pick it for real you know
amazon is now worth 2 to 3 trillion
dollars he's worth three hundred billion
dollars I'm just saying that through the
app on the iPhone you could easily feed
five to six hundred dollars a month to
people that they would spend that at
amazon.com and he would not it would be
a creative it would be earnings boosting
earnings he wouldn't lose any money
doing that well but max you're you're
suggesting we have time to do that as I
said in the first bit those billionaires
who this guy went to their party this
media theorist went to their party and
heard them speaking they were concerned
they weren't going to have time to
protect themselves so whether or not
there's time to do that or whether or
not you know I think Donald Trump like
we've talked over and over
he's a kick the teeth he's a guy who was
promised to destroy the system breaks it
was a promise to destroy the system to
destroy the elite to destroy that system
that enabled them to lord it over you
and that why you are a peasant with no
teeth on stool softener this is like
them being able to kick them in the
teeth and whether or not the media is in
the position to understand the world
around them when they themselves are 30
40 50 million dollars a year some of
them earning that amount and they're
though they're supposed to be the people
that are in charge they're the Walter
Cronkite's who are supposed to explain
to you what the world around you is like
how can they possibly know look grab a
read for directed a film called gameshow
you know 20 years ago now talking about
news essentially became fake news when
they move from publicly owned airwaves
to corporate owned airwaves this has
been going on for 20 25 years in America
it's just gotten too absurd levels of
hyper extension hyper normalization with
like Rachel Maddow now becoming Rick
alex jones you know
in a skirt but the fact is that at the
same time you have the ability through
technology to address the problem you're
talking about which is an uprising in
the streets of some nature revolution to
be appeased with cash nobody is going to
storm the gates if they get a free five
bucks from Amazon to get some deal on
stool softener down there at Whole Foods
they're just not gonna they're gonna be
like I go do the revolution tomorrow
because I just got five dollars sent to
me from Jeff Bezos who's my king my god
and and he's my potentate and he's
taking over the world and it's a new
world
Amazon world it says right there in the
logo Amazon A to Z he's got it all this
isn't an ad for Amazon what I'm saying
is that this is a situation we're
looking forward into 2018 and 2020
because watching I only watch the cable
news when I'm here in New York City and
in a hotel room and I can watch it and
they have no idea what is out there they
have no idea what is coming
or perhaps like these other billionaires
who are like afraid of an apocalypse
what I think what you're seeing from the
the Rachel Maddow she's she's you know
she's embodying that apocalypse that
fear of the apocalypse that there's
something's coming and they're coming
for my class of people my people so
there's I don't think they understand
what the voter is feeling and I don't
understand I think they I think it's
gonna be another I don't think it's for
where do they go I'm here since the
election of 2016 there's a certain group
in the media they keep asking the
question how did this happen why did
this happen how is this continuing to
happen how do they are totally
disconnected from the average person
that's the question and to your point is
because they live in a bubble they
they're overpaid they never leave New
York City and so they don't know what's
happening in the rest of the country
anyway we got to go it's time to say
goodbye and that's gonna do it for this
edition of the kind of report with me
Maddox Kaiser Stacy Herbert like to
think our guest a seer Bert you're gonna
reach us on Twitter as Kaiser report
until ex-im bio
