the US has confirmed its armed drones
have been operating in the West African
country of leisure for more than six
months now although it's not yet known
and if they've carried out any strikes
they're in coordination with the
government of Nazaire us Africa Command
has armed intelligence surveillance and
reconnaissance aircraft already in the
air to improve our combined ability to
respond to threats and other security
issues in the region armed is our
aircraft began flying in early 2018 the
u.s. military presence in de Jerez
expanded in recent years reflecting
growing concerns about rising militancy
in the West African region the decision
about deploying the drones was reached
in 2017 after a long period of
negotiations we've requested comment on
the matter from authorities in both the
US and Asia we'll let you know when we
hear anything drone strikes have played
the key role in the so-called war on
terror which the US declared following
the 9/11 attacks targeting hostile
militant groups as part of that military
campaign the US has carried out strikes
in Afghanistan Pakistan Somalia and
Yemen however drone strikes have
resulted in numerous civilian casualties
in every country involved in the
campaign in Yemen for example up to 200
civilians were killed in us-led drone
attacks
let's bring in Jonathan Shafi who's from
the new foreign policy group now good
evening - Jonathan what do you think
about the timing of this statement from
the US military if they've had armed
drones operating in the country for
around seven months already why are we
only just hearing about it well often
this is what happens of course the
deployment of drones by the United
States not just here but em elsewhere
across the region and not just on under
Donald Trump but under Obama as well and
often doesn't come to public light for
many months after the operation start if
they do at all and that's because the
nature of this kind of warfare is to be
covert as far as it possibly can they
don't want it in the the headlines
domestically and then when it comes out
like this it comes to many people's a
shock not to a people though who study
and how drones are used by the United
States I would imagine any civilians
who've just found out about this will be
pretty concerned to think that armed
drones might be circling above them the
question is are the civilians at risk
would you say well they most certainly
are I mean if you look at the statistics
for the deaths of civilians caused by
American drones then they are truly
shocking and as a serious what are yet
to dating that this isn't a new policy
this is something that is it was ramped
up massively during the Obama
administration and this is of course a
continuation of that policy so civilians
in the area I've got not just every day
but say this should be concerned about
the kind of damage that these drones can
do and we've seen on numerous occasions
hundreds actually over the years
civilians have been killed and of course
the reaction from the local population
is what you would expect one of anger
and one that wants to see these drones
em out of the country
it's quite an incredible situation if
you if you suggested any other country
having armed drones over say the US it
would be an absolutely ridiculous thing
to think do you think gonna see another
public outcry
well I think that the attention that
these things get is going to increase
because if you think about the level of
analysis that takes place I mean
certainly new foreign policy but share I
represent is looking to to publicize
these things to make them more
transparent but we do have a problem
when it comes to accountability and of
course it seems more and more that
countries like the United States can
float regulations can take part in these
missions but though their own
populations knowing about it and of
course that means that giving some kind
of political transparency to these kinds
of things is absolutely vital maybe it's
that US exceptionalism I'm not sure that
the u.s. claims it's going to bring the
region closer to peace do you see any
any sort of validity within that claim I
think the problem with that is of course
that's all was the claim that was a
clean with Afghanistan of which are
still in that quagmire who's there the
claim with Iraq you can even go all the
way back to Vietnam of course this is
always the the public innovations clean
and the reality of course is that the
United States is looking to secure a
power in the regions to secure its own
interest in the region and in deep to
expand its power across the region and
therefore and public safety the safety
of civilians bringing about peace these
are all actually subordinates those
interests really appreciate your time in
your views my guest Jonathan Shafi
convener for the new foreign policy
group thank you
you
