teenage activists who for some is a
symbol of Palestinian resistance has
been released after an eight month stint
in an Israeli prison I heard - Mimi left
prison with her mother who was also
jailed they were both met by supporters
of an at a military checkpoint in the
West Bank mad man I hope that the
campaign's that were established for me
continue and carry on for the other
prisoners because there are more
prisoners and I stand with them in these
campaigns in support of their families
well the 17 year old was arrested in
December along with several of her
relatives she had been filmed slapping
and kicking Israeli soldiers after her
cousin was shot at close range during
protests a video of the incident went
viral Tamimi was convicted of aggravated
assault and obstructing Israeli soldiers
her case sparked a number of protests
they were in Palestine as well as in
Europe - israel's practice of detaining
children has been criticized by rights
groups however some Israeli politicians
claim to me means eight months in jail
were too lenient she is relaxed -
mercifully with these types of
terrorists Israel should treat harshly
those who hit his soldiers we can't have
a situation where there is no deterrence
lack of deterrence leads to the reality
we see now we must change that Tamimi
does however have a long history of
resistance and even violent resistance
she's reportedly been an activist since
she was 12
you
