tuberculosis the world's deadliest
infection may become more expensive to
treat that's after the u.s. requested a
paragraph to be removed from a UN
resolution draft the initial resolution
dating July 10th which was obtained by
RT from a source involved in
negotiations on the matter contained a
paragraph calling for affordability and
the removal of various barriers for the
production of tuberculosis treatment
drugs but on the request of the US the
paragraph was removed the final document
dated July 20th does not include it
Leonardo Palumbo from Doctors Without
Borders explained why this paragraph was
so crucial for combating the disease
allow allow for countries to be able to
to take measures to promotes generic
generic manufacturing in other words to
promote competition for for drugs when
medicines are unaffordable for a country
or when there are no generic versions
available it's a part of the
international intellectual property
norms and every country around the world
has agreed that countries have the rates
to to make use of these flexibilities
the pharmaceutical industry invests
heavily in lobbying in Washington drug
makers spent over a hundred and
seventeen million dollars there just
last year we spoke to a Stu real also
from Doctors Without Borders
she thinks that the US was lobbied to
amend the UN declaration on tuberculosis
this is not a new element I mean those
of us who have been advocating for
affordable access to medicines globally
for the past twenty years know that a
number of countries are very under very
strong pressure of their pharmaceutical
industry who are constantly asking for
much more monopolies stronger monopolies
longer monopolies because of course that
is much more profitable for themselves
and and we know that the United States
is very strongly influenced by the
pharmaceutical
nabis and it's therefore that they are
bullying other countries to accept this
the deletion of troops flexibility
you
