anxiety over a possible global conflict
a feeling of helplessness spending more
time on social media all of these could
very well be the symptoms of a brand new
psychological illness therapists in the
u.s. say they are seeing increasing
numbers of patients with what they call
Donald Trump anxiety disorder
apparently it affects both those who
support the president and his detractors
as well and the president's haters for
example tend to worry that the world
will end on a supporters feel isolated
from society and even from their
families where therapists now saying
Trump's policies make their patients
feel on edge u.s. Democrats also appear
to be suffering recent polls show they
are still addicted to the idea that
Russia rigged the vote tally in the
election that got Trump into office
something else Caleb Maupin explains
that's denied by the majority of US
government agencies now the ideas that
are commonly labeled as conspiracy
theories at this point are most commonly
associated with right-wingers and Trump
supporters in the public mind however it
seems that liberals also have their
share of tinfoil hat thinking polls show
that 55 percent of Democrats believe
that Russia actually did tamper with the
voting results only 13 percent of
Republicans buy into this idea which is
pretty universally rejected even by the
staunchest Russia bashers I know of no
evidence that through cyber intrusions
votes were altered or suppressed they
did not change any vote tallies or any
anything of that sort
so if Russia did indeed carry out
election fraud on behalf of Donald Trump
why would James clapper John Brennan and
the intelligence community say that they
didn't do that our 55% of Democrats
actually convinced that the CIA is
covering up for Russia
that's quite a conspiracy theory we
decided to ask New Yorkers about it do
you think that Russia changed the voting
results in the last election no no not
at all okay 55% of Democrats apparently
believe that why media that's why
propaganda fake news Trump says it best
they're delusional misinformed or they
have their own agenda beyond that
something else do you think that Russia
changed the voting results in the last
election yes well I'm sure through
technology they were able to somehow
finagle possibly I think so I've heard
that a lot so yeah maybe but I don't
know
they found one story that he could keep
bringing up and attack president Trump
and I think they're gonna try to milk
that as much as they can but I
personally don't see any evidence of
Russia meddling in our elections I look
for credible evidence and I don't have
it yet I think that our media is a
Berlin Wall in the United States and
people don't know the truth about what's
really happening fresh is not the enemy
that they make them out to be some
people think that the moon landing was
faked others think that 9/11 was an
inside job and it seems that the
majority of rank-and-file democrats
believe that somehow russia got into
voting machines and changed votes for
hillary clinton two votes for donald
trump the truth is out there but perhaps
people should look for it someplace else
caleb Maupin RT New York meanwhile ever
since the Helsinki bromance between the
two leaders
the Kremlin now looks like it's beefing
up its support for Trump even more
is there a sidewalk somewhere in Russia
that trumps star can be moved to yeah
destroying Trump's Hollywood star is
great but have you tried voting in the
midterm elections president now has
security out there on the boulevard
protecting his star
you
you
