the Canadian government has acknowledged
a disturbing practice dating back to the
post-war period when unmarried women
were forced to give up their babies
those babies were then given to married
couples in a bid to promote traditional
families some women were even tricked
into giving up their children and we
spoke to one of the victims as soon as
they found out I was pregnant they
marked my records vfa baby for adoption
I was a 15 year old girl pregnant I was
pregnant from a sexual assault and there
was no conversation about with me about
how I got pregnant all they cared about
was the fact that I was pregnant and
that I had a baby that they could take a
healthy blond-haired blue-eyed beautiful
baby
you will forget the child go home get
married and have other children or if
not get a puppy to cuddle that is what I
was told get a puppy
it was a very abusive in there we were
isolated from our my I was isolated from
my family's my community my sisters my
parents I was completely left alone
my parents were not Canadian citizens
they're they're from Europe and my
parents believed that they would get
deported if they didn't follow the what
the government wanted at maternity homes
mothers were routinely denied their
right to see hold or feed their babies
there are still some mothers who do not
know whether they delivered a boy or a
girl being told well that's none of your
business I asked to hold my daughter I
actually had to ask three times and I at
first I said it quietly and then I said
it a little louder and then the last
time that I asked I had to yell and I
had to yell bring me my baby now and
then the nurse dot looked at the doctor
for permission and I was quite surprised
that the nurse would have to ask for
permission for me to hold my own
daughter
since I'm her legal guardian my daughter
in my arms and and then the room went
black I started to get I started to pass
out and then they took her away from me
I met my daughter she actually found me
so she told me and she said you don't
know who I am and as soon as she said
that I knew who she was
we talked on the phone for about six
months
getting to know each other getting
familiar with each other building some
trust she needed to feel safe because
our children and we're told that there
was something wrong with us they were
told an alternate story that we were
drug addicts prostitutes
you
you
