hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
Trump's invitation to Putin to visit the
White House is postponed
Putin turns around inviting Trump to
Moscow this Trump have a grand plan
regarding Russia or is he merely keeping
a campaign promise this and much much
more on this edition of crosstalk
crosstalking Trump's agenda I'm joined
by my guests here in Moscow Aric Krause
he's an independent political risk
analysis we also have Dima Babbage he's
a political analyst with Sputnik
International and in London we cross the
Charles Shoebridge he is a security
analyst and a former UK Army and
counterterrorism intelligence officer
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in anytime
you want and I always appreciate Charles
let me go to you first in London here we
had after the afterglow of Helsinki
Trump appeared to have want to have
another bite at the Apple and then he
changed his mind we can talk about why
that happened and then Putin turns
around and invites Trump to Moscow the
same kind of perilous jeopardy or is
there a different gambit in play go
ahead Charles in London well I think
probably for both presidents Helsinki
showed what is possible and what is
possible once the apparatus of
bureaucracy or shall we say what Trump
himself might even call the deep state
is pushed to one side as we know it how
think it was very much a one-on-one
conversation apart from the interpreters
and we still don't know the full extent
of what was discussed and although much
in American media and British media even
have pointed to that in a very
prejudicial way as if we should know
everything that is discussed between
leaders of course this is completely
normal of course when it comes to
conferences and meetings between people
of course there's an awful lot of chat
that goes on behind the scenes and
that's as it has to be as in any
negotiation and and as from himself
would point out few people in the planet
as he would say no more about
negotiation than he does but of course I
think the reaction back in United States
and the United Kingdom
countries that of course are very much
opposed to Trump's policies in many ways
his policies of trying to seek some kind
of agreement with most countries and
certainly with Russia and probably
behind the scenes with China and as we
saw Korea of course we can talk and we
have talked many times in the past on
his program allows where about the
vested interests that lie in not
promoting that kind Saqlain a
cooperative agenda there's an agenda of
course of confrontation and there are
too many vested interests in that we can
go into that
so I think Trump would have expected the
response he received and he's played
that quite well he's if you like go did
the media go did the deep state the
establishment of political establish in
the United States by saying hey we're
inviting this arch enemy of the entire
world as Putin is portrayed in the media
over here to the very homeland itself
then when there was the shock and awe
over that and then when the reaction
came Trump plated by saying okay I'll
postpone that and then of course in
steps Putin always the grand chess
master exam invited him instead exactly
exactly Erica what's your reaction
because I could understand why Trump
backed away because I think he wants the
midterms to get out of the way and we
still have the molar investigation going
on here but what did Putin invite Trump
basically Putin has other things worried
about then the United States mr. Putin
is Russia is faced with a lot of
challenges with a lot of things which
need reform and there is no interest for
the Russian state for the Russian deep
state whatever to be engaged in constant
warfare with one of the largest and most
powerful geopolitical players on the
globe
so basically Putin's line is very simple
he is looking for relatively tall T's
willing to be able to talk not shout
that they've already they've already met
Dima they've already met say I mean it
seemed to me that you would need some
kind of concrete step and that you know
in kind of agreeing with Eric here I
mean okay the ice has been broken but
what could the Russian side expect with
another meeting so close on the heels of
Helsinki
well at least some improvement with the
right Russian diplomatic premises in the
US which have been occupied I'm sorry
against the law you know Russia sued but
the famous American courts are pretty
slow but also let me remind you who told
us that Trump was postponing the meeting
john bolton who said that let me quote
him until the which heart is over well
to hear from john bolton about
witch-hunt there is something you know
there is something you know what that
tells me it tells me that john bolton
loves
power okay anyone is not going to be
over anytime soon it is the one straw
that the u.s. Democratic Party has to
lean on 18 months after the election
they're still arguing with the referee
okay this is a suicide note okay one of
the things gentlemen I keep saying this
one that maybe this is going to be my
signature comment for the year okay
Trump has met Putin campaign promise
kept
okay shake done let me go back to
Charles in London I think all of us took
a look at this article in The Spectator
and there's no author or attach to it
Trump betrays the elites a set a sense
that the u.s. always is a pure and
democracy loving you know it's really
quite interesting because the authors of
this article essentially say that Trump
is the first post Exceptionalist
president of the United States that's a
remarkable characterization go ahead
Charles it's one that I won't surprise
you to hear that I absolutely agree with
it's an excellent article yeah it's very
well timed midterm and I think it hits
the nail on the head and I would
recommend readers views to try and get
hold of that and thought you know I'll
tweet it myself but it's actually in
line with what your self Peter myself
and others two and a half years ago on
this program and I swear we were
discussing that this is likely to be
what would happen in unioned having it's
not just as the article says that this
is why the deep state dislikes Trump
it's why they disliked the prospect of
Trump two and a half years ago because
they predicted that this is what's going
to happen
Trump is effectively as the article says
here's a transactional personality he's
a president that conducts diplomacy in
terms of transactional ism that doesn't
mean just to say transactions in terms
of business although he does do a lot of
that as well and and again I would say
that none of what I'm saying here is in
supported from or against from it just
seems to me to be a factual observation
now he regards diplomacy as transaction
on therefore of course he benefits very
much from his business experience and he
conducts one-to-one meetings and not
just with Putin but around the world and
that is bringing some benefits it is
reducing tensions at a time when much of
the day you used you use the terms that
you use the term benefits that's very
interesting benefit benefiting who let
me read part of it here but in crucial
ways the Nationals vigor heap Trump
embodies is not necessarily one in the
same with the exceptional nation metha
mythos which has animated the self
conception of the American political
class for decades for his detractors in
the in the think tanks and the elite
media institutions this is heresy the
point is that Trump has understood some
of Trump is an American supremacist he
is not an American Exceptionalist he
sees it America as a conglomeration of
business interests and it is his job to
forward there to further their interests
and this is what he's seeking to do what
Trump has understood with a certain
animal cunning is that the United States
hegemony is threatened by one country at
one country only and that country is not
Russia so to push Russia into the arms
of China is is madness it's already
happened we'll talk about this pose and
I think much of his strategy because his
tactics may sometimes seem a bit wild
and wooly and unpredictable but that
does not mean that there is not a well
thought out strategy I think there is a
strategy and the strategy is to minimize
threats to American economic side elites
but Dima wears democracy promotion in
all of this okay where is you know the
neoliberal agenda that's what makes them
so angry the globalist and I liked it
this article this idea that Trump is not
an American nationalists but a
transactional east but the people who
got America involved in all these wars
in Libya in in Iraq are they really
American nationalists did they really
serve American national interest I loved
a recent presentation by Tucker Carlson
who
said that I'm quoting him people who
know it used Trump of being a Russian
puppet happened to be the same people
who had been mismanaging our foreign
policy for the past few decades who
invaded Iraq who killed Muammar Qaddafi
for no obvious reason and who prolonged
the horrible Syrian civil war these
people made America weaker and poorer
and sadder and now they are American
nationalists and exceptionally we go
back to Charles before we go to the
break here Charles I mean that one word
in that paragraph that I read that it
really stands out
this is heresy that's exactly how Trump
is being traded he's a heretic in the in
the minds and the eyes of the think
tanks in of the liberal media go ahead
Charles yeah that's exactly right and
it's as we predicted two and a half
years ago I go back to that point
because the let's see shall we say the
extended deep status extends beyond
America that includes for example much
of the British establishment the British
intelligence services and so on we
talked endlessly and I'm glad we did
because it's all proved largely correct
that they were seeking to discredit and
undermine and if possible even impeach
Trump even as he was being inaugurated
and their worst fears have come true
he Trump has had to play a careful game
and I think after two years he's
learning to play that game a bit better
he's learning to handle a deep state
know where he has to give a little pound
of flesh here and there and where though
behind the scenes he can continue with
what he wants to do as you say fulfill
his promises in respect of Russia and
otherwise but there's still two years to
go and we'll have to wait and see if he
can survive those four years it may be
possible he can actually fully turn
around American foreign policy it's a
big gamble that he's taken but he's in
he's learned to do it in small stages
yes the big the big question will be
November elections here last 30 seconds
for this part go ahead Eric the point is
people and he was talking about civil
wars and you've got to realize that
there is a low-intensity
civil war underway in the United States
right now where if you look at the media
everything is now defined in terms of
black and white you
there was no analysis of Trump's
strategy because when you're talking
about the devil in medieval theology you
don't ask what are the devil's motives
he's evil because he is a demon Trump is
by definition evil so you don't they
don't think about they don't try to
analyze what you can we're gonna go to a
short break here and we have to all keep
in mind that Donald Trump's a public
opinion members are going up not down
after a short break we'll continue our
discussion on Trump's agenda stay with
RT welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter LaBelle
Tremonti we're discussing some real news
okay let me turn to Dima here we still
continue to get articles again you know
Helsinki is an interesting fulcrum is
that Henry Kissinger is giving advice to
President Trump that and Kissinger
actually comes to I think he's been to
Russia 17 times yes and that the United
States has to somehow come to an
agreement with Russia against China of
course an echo of what a Kissinger
engineered during the Nixon
administration Nixon went to China I
still think that train has left the
station a long time ago I think Erika I
disagree with me a little bit more I
agree with you because it was basically
President Obama who I think was the most
disastrous president in US history
primarily because he destroyed
institutions you know he made people
disbelieve in elections for the first
time in many years but his foreign
policy disaster the main foreign policy
disaster was that he managed to make
Russian China allies
you know when Russia became basically a
fall of the United States because of the
Ukrainian adventure of mr. Obama and and
mrs. Nuland right
Putin planned a meeting to China and
what did Obama do he visited all of
China's competitors you know Philippines
Vietnam he reassured them all against
China and the Chinese gave us the gas
price that we have been asking from them
for 10 years maybe more so China became
you know unwittingly probably Russia's
Ally and it's not going to change in the
near future if it was mr. Obama it may
be about to change but the point is that
this is an armed gun from Russia
Russia's interests are and I've been
I've been arguing for the last 15 years
that Russia's interests were to turn
towards China but that does not mean
that it was to be totally beholden to
China of Russia's best interests or to
be able to balance the world is going to
break up into two competing polls you've
got the Western poll and you've got the
greater china poll and Russia would be
very well to be able to move back and
forth between them play them off against
where possible and they don't want to
sound hog Derek stolen this from points
basically in this triangle the Soviet
Union now Russia China the United States
it has always been like that every pole
wanted the other two poles to Touro
while that diplomacy whose relations
with both of them yes in that sense
Obama was anti Nixon Nixon went to
Beijing and managed to have good
relations with China to have normal
relations with Brezhnev and China the
Soviet Union were more to folsom Obama
did the opposite let me correct let me
go to Charles here the thing is is that
in looking at this gambit of you know
three major polls the thing is is that
what does the West now have to offer to
Russia because Russia since 1991 and I
would say that China during its
modernization remarkable Martin a
modernization Russia and China have one
very important thing in common the
defense of their sovereignty the you the
West is always asking everyone to
compromise their sovereignty the fact
that Russia and China are coveting
theirs their sovereign trees brings them
together they have a common cause
Charles in London yeah that's absolutely
right and that's clear to any observer
of what's been going on over the last
decade or so at the United Nations
within the United Nations Security
Council where the West's we're thinking
obviously about Libya what happened with
Libya although there was a consensus in
respects of Libya in terms of the
resolution that was passed but then that
resolution of course was abused by
Britain France and the United States to
then affect regime change in Libya now
that of course was very instructional I
think for Russia and for China that the
West couldn't be trusted and therefore
when we've seen with Syrian the various
resolutions that the West's attempts to
pass there and elsewhere in the world
that the West's were really we mean the
West by what we mean is Brit in France
in America
pushing the constant agenda of
interference in other countries affairs
to for their own sectional benefit and
that has been opposed consistently by
Russia and China so even on the United
Nations Security Council Russia and
China have been pushed constantly
together by the worst the comment you
just came out with Peter is is really
backed up by bloc Putin himself said
recently when Trump said that he would
almost impasse in that he would like
Russia to come back to the to the g7 to
become the GA and of course Putin's
response again was very interesting when
Putin said if I can claim currently said
well actually thanks for the invitation
but there are now other forms that are
available to us and of course he was
talking about China and the rest of the
world that isn't the West to answer your
question Peter what can Russia is
threatened by the US Congress they have
do not underestimate their ability to
cause havoc the United States as you
pointed out controls the global
financial system the dollar based system
they can slap I mean they slapped
sanctions on mr. Deripaska and Jung on
roussel and this has caused a major
disruption and by November the European
companies if they trade oil yes oil from
Iran and well okay but that's that's the
Russian standpoint some degree of de
tante would be useful simply because
otherwise the the entire financial
market is getting gummed up right now
and as you know I'm working on the
financial market and raising funds for
Russian companies is right it's quite
complicated right now the bond market
has become a lot more a lot a lot more
expensive to access because of the
constant threat of American sanctions
now whether Trump can avoid further
sanctions I think is another question
and we should do a separate program on
the weaponization of the dollar fine let
me go to you about Iran because you know
we had we had president travel we talked
about his cut in the world according to
trump here but then you know he kind of
goes back to the old script here he says
to Iran
never ever threaten the u.s. again or
suffer consequences like the which few
have ever suffered before I mean
Gibbs I mean you know the the the United
States and then there's these rumors may
be planted rumors that the US will have
a one-off strike on Iran this all
bluster to keep the Israelis and the
Saudis happy and AIPAC at home in the
u.s. well I hope it is old bluster but
that's very dangerous blaster you know
it's kind of standard for I mean starts
with a nuclear strike they then he kind
of backpedals look what it did to the
European Union well I agree with Eric in
principle but you know talking about
irresponsible talk if someone should not
be given now lessons on the responsible
talk that's the United States you know
the United States is rightly criticized
the most time for the Mentalist for
overreacting or being irrational acting
irrational when they hear about the Holy
Quran being mistreated somewhere I well
when the United States just hears rumors
about elections not engine in the way
they accelerate way exactly they behave
as irrationally as the Iranians in
London because Erica DeMuth said a lot
of great things here but I mean Eric's
right is this this like this opening
salvo in the negotiations it's kind of
like a rocket man comment here or more
Charles more seriously we know that
Donald Trump has a visceral hatred of
everything that Barack Obama did and
that's one of the reasons why he walked
away from the Iran deal okay
I still think and maybe this is tattooed
on my brain it's all about the midterms
he said he was going to be against Iran
that's one of his check things on the
back of his own envelope he's just doing
everything for some kind of red wave in
November Charles what's interesting
we've mentioned pose there was very in
the last few days of course upon the
asked Americans whether they would
support an attack on Iran and the
overwhelming majority in fact by a
factor of two to one said that they
would oppose an attack on a round rather
than supported and so that shows that
people up after coming around to Trump's
way of thinking I mean
his way of thinking rather than what he
actually says I agreed that this is an
opening salvo if we look at the it's his
negotiations with the EU with Korea and
we've seen this again and again what he
does Trump is make these over at threats
his opponents respond with similar
threats and we all get a very
entertaining to a Twitter spat that then
ends up in often with compromise and an
agreement and of course that's the basis
of a much negotiation and I think people
understand that also of course it gives
the pound of flesh as I mentioned
earlier to his domestic critics that
he's been tough on these various
so-called enemies of the United States
and to the lobby groups that are so
important in the u.s. in other words
Saudi Arabia and for example Israel
obviously but nonetheless I think it's
important to make this point that
despite Trump's what might be his best
efforts the big ship of American foreign
policy has not been turned around and it
is still based fundamentally on
confrontation and domination of the
world rather than in cooperation and
partnership and that of course is
enshrined particularly this year within
the US national security document which
named Russia and China as enemies as
well as rivals as competitors to be
actually guarded again you know I've
read that and those pronouncements here
and it does fall into the trumpian
worldview that their competitors as to
become Pete with yeah it's not it's not
like we have the US has to change the
world to make it safe for democracy
we're no longer in that realm we're in a
different world window or Persia or Ford
and Chrysler compete for the new auto
models they're not competing against
enemies they are not a competing against
the forces of evil they are competing
against competitors Trump understands
perhaps viscerally that other countries
have their own interests too and he
wants he described in his press
conference with Putin he described the
Russia as a strategic as a competitor
and he said and a good competitor well
they're competing for markets they're
competing for a poly for the first time
ever that I've seen
can president meet the Kremlin leader
and didn't lecture about democracy Dima
40 seconds 40 seconds following you know
their metaphor that eric has just used
Renault and Fisher compete but you can't
imagine their no seen oh we need a
management change at Peschel we need to
change the CEO and the directors will be
fine we can teach him using some murders
you know sanctions or whatever dirty
dossier so any kind of competition is
better than the regime change which is
basically a euphemism for war in in
current times okay gentlemen I'm gonna
jump in here many thanks to my guests
here in Moscow and in London this is the
end of our broadcast segment stay with
stay with us with the extended version
on our YouTube channel see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules okay now
for the extended version of our program
we have political potpourri okay
Dima what's on your on your first note
well it looks like Jeremy Corbyn is
suddenly becoming really important in
British politics and there's a real
hysteria against him like he is so
dangerous he's so radical well if you
look at his program it was it is within
the British Labour Social Democratic
pattern but the world has changed so
much for the wars and Britain was that
he's normally acceptable maybe air can
explain this to me this this whole
campaign against him is being
anti-semitic I mean where does that come
from is this is really measure resistant
their version of Russia gate from here
if you remember when the initial attack
on her Tarkovsky and Yukos occurred it
was that Putin was being anti-semitic
well Putin has never been remotely
anti-semitic
Corbyn is not anti-semitic however this
is one of the the same way in the United
States now anybody who is targeting it
is suddenly a friend of the Russians no
matter what they're doing all you have
to do is associated somebody with Russia
and they are proving the evil they
basically the lobbies the menial lobbies
in you
are looking desperately to stop Corbin
and this seems to be the easiest laid
some way you're saying it seems to me
the deep state there will do anything in
their power legal or illegal to make
sure that Jeremy never becomes Prime
Minister because we just take one issue
he said he would recognize Palestine
okay that's that's not anti-israel let's
remember how they went after him simply
because he doubted the official version
of the scrip alifair he didn't reject it
he's out yes there were members of his
own party you know in the parliament you
know protesting almost banging their
fists on the table how come
where's that story how can you dare
where's that story now well that story
has damaged our relations the Russian
diplomats have not returned to my radar
screen because it deteriorated so badly
the last time but isn't it achieved the
goal that it wanted yes but then they
move on this is the thing you never hear
the end of these stories they as you say
they achieve the damage they want to
achieve and then this sort of modern
mentality everybody moves on to the next
story but basically in Europe we are now
seeing a sort of Putin derangement
syndrome where the European masses are
rising up to some extent against their
masters ten years ago basically the
consensus view was not contestant in
respectable circles now increasing
number of countries you have governments
you have political movements why do you
think we get targeted so much for the
very reasons that you're saying why
everybody has to find a demon to blame
and this very convenient demon is Russia
I don't think mr. Putin gave a damn
about whether Britain stayed in the EU
or
you said that many times today exam they
need he said it many times we would
accept any result of the Bridget
referendum but yesterday 20 times any
time any governor had to move against
the consensus being it or ban in Hungary
any any place you have o Putin is behind
the Putin is behind it I guess people
say now that Putin will be behind Steve
Bannon yes it's Georgia roads ok so well
there you go there's collusion talk
about that because it's very interesting
story well I think it was very
interesting Steve Bannon comes to Europe
with about 15 people on the staff of
this NGO that you plan to create you
know to support their righteous parties
in Europe hopefully she says by 2019 we
may have 25 people and stuff and what
happens there is a panic in to the
European Parliament why because he said
if George Soros can support the liberal
left in Europe and George Soros admitted
that he spent thirty two billion dollars
since 1979 billion dollars so thirty two
billion dollars well why can't they
spent okay maybe thirty two thousand
dollars supporting the European right
maybe some ads on Facebook it's a bit
like the Russian hacking of the American
election yes and maybe some Facebook Ads
maybe had nothing to do with Russia
maybe a few tens of thousands of dollars
waved you got you've been following them
the Facebook story I mean the drop in
price do you think it was insider
trading there I mean he no I think
that's it to get a bit of a bubble
that the if you look at the performance
of American markets they've been driven
basically by the fangs the there is no
breads whatsoever you have a few stocks
which have been leading and everything
else has been pretty much dead and Papes
basically when you get in markets you
know i'll buy it for 10bux gonna buy it
from me for twelve and somebody's got to
buy for him for fifteen and suddenly get
it there's no more buyers so there's a
lot of sell
right now I wanna be bad wrong yes but
in that situation any bad news and you
get these airplane I'm sorry anything it
when I hear stock prices of these tech
companies go down I'm very very happy
about it they have too much power and
they have too much I agree
well I think it was not Facebook that
undermined Hillary Clinton was the
nightgown that she's not the president
the American Conservative I read in the
American conservative statistics among
Trump's voters in the Bakken collosseum
eighteen percent experienced a family
bankruptcy or considered filing for
bankruptcy in the last ten years this is
what undermined Hillary Clinton people
were fed up with businesses usual in the
United States they are concerned with
student debt you know with you know the
article you're thinking right now I
think it was a brilliant line in in is
that they didn't find them they didn't
find affinity with the candidate but
they found affinity with common concerns
that was a very interesting way of
phrasing it but I agree with what you
know the European Union unfortunately is
not just that you know financing more
and more armies on the border with
Russia it makes sure that there is no
dialogue you know make sure
remember the scandals around at the
Helsinki meeting you know Lindsey Graham
in the United States he suggested
researching the ball that Putin gave to
Trump for box and now Lindsey Graham is
is right and also in legislation on anti
Russia sanctions you know the new way of
creating more mongers about you imagine
someone with such ideas you know about
box in the football both the footballs
okay their play were purposely put in
there so people can monitor it on their
phone just a quick finish you know and
and they're our most recent scandal you
know that the Russian Foreign Minister
and the head of the Russian general
staff came to Germany to discuss Ukraine
and Syria and what is the scandal about
the German press
and the German Green Party are very
concerned that the head of the Russian
general step who is under sanctions you
know he should not be visiting the US a
private person he came to talk about
security no we better get blown up all
of us but that person stays in Russia
getting a situation rationality there is
a breakdown in rational dialogue and
this in itself is very dangerous when
the parties start shouting at each other
to the extent they simply do not hear
what anyone else has to say yeah the
situation in Germany is grotesque
because if there is such tension between
the countries and this is exactly the
time that discussion is necessary the
people have got to tal this but this is
this is what ideological possession does
and it blinds you to rationality and the
notion in Washington that Trump is being
treacherous and they're using language
like treachery like traitors for the
president of the night never in my life
never no to do what Obama did to do what
Nixon did to do what Bush everybody
talked were their adversaries this is
what diplomacy is I think if you want
the job you're gonna have to go through
the last time this happened in American
history with Andrew Jackson okay I mean
he has a lot in common with
traditionally these were Republican
hawks who had used the Democrats of
being treacherous now it's the Democrats
older so you know I remember the time in
the Washington when the Washington Post
never said anything bad about the Soviet
Union but the Washington Post has
nothing good to say about today's write
the New York Times was a once a liberal
and a voice of reason they were against
know right now you sense a deep state or
again the Democrats always hated the CIA
everybody was always very distrustful
amount of person to see the intelligence
community yes now they all of a sudden
hold it up as an example of rectitude
and and defensive American interests so
you you people talk about the right and
the left in the United States I don't
think there is a right is established
everybody else last 20 seconds yes there
is a very grotesque change during the
times of the Cold War
you couldn't treat anything bad about
Russian Orthodox Church in the Western
history mentioned now you can't read
anything good why because there was the
Millennium of millennium 30th
anniversary of that Christianity of the
baptismal Bruce and the Ukrainian
Orthodox Church of Russian Moscow per
jacket organized and March the
authorities tried to prevent it but two
hundred fifty thousand people came if we
talk about peaceful resistance about
peaceful protest that was it because the
church is mopin they against reasonable
words I'm really happy you mention that
okay that's all the time we have for
this part of our program the extended
version we hope you enjoyed it and we'll
see you next time
remember cross stock rules
