now Cambodia is incumbent Prime Minister
Hun Sen has won the general election the
ruling party gained a majority despite
coming up against almost twenty rival
parties however the campaign has been
mired by an absolutely toxic atmosphere
easily Petrenko reports the general
election in Cambodia it is so different
from anywhere I've seen people vote this
is a polling station Khmer style by the
way
doors here open at 7:00 in the morning
and closed just after lunchtime at 3:00
the party that came second last time
securing almost 45% has vanished from
the ballots with no successor what a few
things though are way too familiar
foreign interference
cannot stand in Cambodia democracy the
Prime Minister's government simply wants
to silence the opposition collusion
meddling cracking down on critics
Cambodia that is so mainstream before
changing the top level we need to uproot
the lower one we need to change the
lower level first and the USA that has
assisted me they asked me to take the
model from Yugoslavia Serbia
I have experts university professors in
Washington DC Montreal Canada hired by
the Americans in order to advise me on
the strategy to change the leaders that
was the leader of Cambodia's national
rescue party runners-up in 2013 talking
once about us-backed
regime change and so on charges of
treason come soca was thrown behind bars
last year the government then went after
the whole party for water called
conspiring with America so right now
there was no such name of cnrp on that
list Uncle Sam has been trying many
tools to scheme in Cambodia like NGOs or
foreign media so say local officials
that's how they've justified cracking
down on a handful of American funded
outlets and groups which include Radio
Free Asia or the National Democratic
Institute you team up with the
opposition to overthrow the men in
charge you leave Cambodia that's the
gist they never stop materials want to
continue their mission to topple the
government as we are a young boy and you
are a big boy how can you you push down
a small boy and and you're asking for
democracy and human right
so Prime Minister Hun Sen who first took
power more than three decades ago
once losing an eye in combat ended up
running for Parliament with no mighty
enemies on the ballot bogs battlefield
the most daring political opponents of
his Cambodian People's Party have been
silenced or jailed another option is to
be banned from politics like this former
pnom penh city council member from the
cnrp
to make ends meet he now has to endure
the South Asian heat driving a tuk-tuk I
don't care about losing power I'm sorry
for not being able to serve the people
who elected us democracy in Cambodia was
dead when the government got rid of the
opposition party which represents almost
half of the country I say it's time for
our prime minister to step down for
peace and development our country needs
to keep going without any violence or
war so we need to consider what happened
in Ukraine in the Middle East in
Afghanistan where Wars started by the
u.s. are still not over under the CPP
government Cambodia has shown steady
year-on-year economic growth however it
is still among the three poorest
countries in the region with a depleted
and impoverished countryside Ilia
petrenko reporting from cambodia on
election day for our tea
you
