which President Emmanuel macron has sent
Twitter into a frenzy after he
challenged critics to quote come and get
him he was referring to an incident with
his security official Alexander a bonala
who struck a protester while wearing a
police uniform Akron admits being
responsible in the Pennell our affair he
asked us to come and get him in that
case let's get Makarov we arrived
together and United more determined than
ever
Micron's security guard forcibly
wrestled a man to the ground during a
May Day rally the president suspended
his aide but many felt makrand hadn't
gone far enough when the video emerged
Alexandre de panne Nala was sacked and a
police investigation was launched on
Friday a number of demonstrators took to
the streets in a response to my phone's
latest statement the President of the
Republic said that he's responsible to
say it is one thing but in terms of the
Constitution he's held to answer before
the people certain organizations called
for us to gather here against macrons
behavior he also challenged us to come
and get him so we're here it's not that
we denounce bonala we denounce violence
and repression exerted by the state and
the president blunted on every single
demonstration across France seize police
violence Ben Allah was McCrone Zaid
that's the same thing macron is the
president of the reach who governs in
favor of the rich
you
