ladies and gentlemen welcome Russian
president here this will afford us an
opportunity to continue our dialogue
considering that we have so many series
conflicts in the world we need to look
for solutions we have special
responsibilities both Germany and
especially Russia because Russia is a
permanent member of the UN Security
Council we need solutions to all those
problems primarily Ukraine this is
something we've been working on for a
long time I have to say that so far we
don't have stable ceasefire so seeing
that school year will start soon I hope
that we could discuss a lasting
ceasefire and set up a commission that
would contribute to the peace process
Germany is ready to get involved in this
work we will also talk about gas transit
I think that Ukraine should continue to
be involved in gas transit to Europe
even after the nordstrom to pipeline is
launched another important subject is
Syria of course
we should do something about the
humanitarian disaster in this country
some progress has been made but the
situation is far from being normal
so we particularly hope that we could
take some specific steps with the
Constitutional Commission we support the
efforts by un special envoy Staffan de
Mistura on the joint comprehensive plan
of action with Iran we would like to
preserve this deal but we are also
concerned about the missile program of
Iran so we'll also discuss this subject
this is something that we've been
talking to Minister Lavrov about earlier
in the Saatchi we will also discuss our
bilateral relations naturally we have
the year of Russia in Germany in the
year of Germany in Russia this is a good
opportunity to learn more about each
other and continue our dialogue I really
hope that our civil societies can work
together I think all matters can be
resolved through dialogue so I really
look forward to these talks and now I
would ask President Putin to say a few
words
I'm very happy that we have an
opportunity to have this working meeting
we can talk about our bilateral
relations and issues on the
international agenda Russia thinks it is
extremely important to work with Germany
on a variety of issues we'll talk about
our trade Germany is one of our leading
partners in trade
last year our trade grew by 22% reaching
50 billion dollars and from January to
June this year we added another 25% in
German investment in Russia exceed 17
billion dollars over 5,000 German
companies work in Russia with the total
volume of creative over 50 billion
dollars over 270,000 employees on the
other hand we have 1,500 Russian
companies working in Germany
contributing over 8 billion dollars to
various sectors of the German economy in
particular we cooperate in the energy
sector Germany is one of the primary
buyers of Russian energy resources we've
supplied 3 8 million cubic meters of gas
to Germany consumption of Russian gas in
Germany keeps growing this year it
increased by 13% Germany it's not just a
major market for Russian exporters it
also plays an important role in transit
to other European countries this year
marks 50 years since the beginning of
Russian gas deliveries to Western Europe
throughout this time Russia has been a
reliable partner delivering natural gas
to Europe making an important
contribution to energy security
throughout the European continent
working together with our German
partners we build the Nord Stream tooth
project we hope that this project will
improve the European energy system
diversify gas delivery routes and will
meet the increasing demand of the
European economy in natural gas once
again I'd like to
stress that Nordstrom too is a purely
economic project it does not mean that
gas transit through Ukraine will now
stop I'm aware of the federal
Chancellor's position
she keeps raising this issue all that
matters to us is that this transit is
economically feasible makes economic
sense we hope that we expand our
cooperation in other areas as well as
regards industrial cooperation
localizing production of high-tech
products in Russia we discussed such
projects at the st. Petersburg Economic
Forum we're also developing our
humanitarian cooperation we'll have a
year of cooperation between
municipalities and regional authorities
there is also a year of scientific
partnership a year of Germany in Russia
and vice-versa
we are also rebuilding our ties between
the two Parliament's in June we had a
delegation of Bundestag visiting our
Parliament in Moscow we've set up a bar
lateral Commission which involves the
State Duma representatives and members
of Bundestag our civil societies
continue working together as part of the
st. Petersburg dialogue as regards
international issues madam Chancellor
just mentioned some of the things that
we are going to discuss today we'll talk
about the situation with the Iranian
nuclear program and the joint
comprehensive plan of action it is
extremely important to preserve the deal
which has been reached with the direct
involvement of the UN Security Council
strengthening non-proliferation regime
we will also talk about the Middle East
of course and Syria specifically we need
to step up our humanity
efforts in the Syrian conflict we need
to deliver humanitarian aid to the
people of Syria we need to help the
areas where refugees can return I'm now
talking about refugees living in Europe
of course even though this is also this
also makes sense but in Jordan there are
millions of refugees in Lebanon in
Turkey there are 3 million refugees this
is huge burden for Europe so we should
do our best to help those people return
to their homes we need to help rebuild
water supply sewers healthcare services
I think everybody is interested in that
of course we'll also talk about it crane
as madam Chancellor has said given the
current state of the crisis
unfortunately we don't see much progress
we don't see the Minsk agreements being
implemented we will continue working in
the Normandy 4 format and we'll continue
providing assistance to the UN mission
working there hopefully we will make
progress in this area as well
so in general we have a lot of things we
need to cover once again I would like to
say I'm grateful to madam Chancellor for
this opportunity Thank You mr. president
could you please tell us about the
wedding in Austria well it was a good
tree but it was a private matter
