Wall Street's soaring around all-time
peaks and driving that growth locomotive
as these guys cool corporations like
uber Tesla Spotify and Dropbox are
invested darlings committing even the
general public who use their everyday
products to buy in a raw big picture
Spotify is the leader in streaming music
I say some sometimes the most successful
American tech company
one tiny problem these firms are losing
horrific money
Tesla's worth more than car Colossus is
Ford or General Motors despite selling a
tiny fraction of the cars and losing
billions music streaming giant Spotify
is just an out vast losses ubers now the
biggest startup in the world but it's
lost money every year of its life and
last year the worst an eye-watering
four-and-a-half billion the hope is one
fine day we'll all booked uber rides in
Tesla electric cars while uploading
Spotify music to the Dropbox cloud or
something like that but new economy new
danger these aren't small companies
anymore they affect millions of workers
and users and cracks are beginning to
show suggesting far from expanding some
are starting to fire their workforce and
then the new economy relationships are
shall we say complicated hundreds of
thousands have paid for Tesla cars the
poor company hasn't even built
if it goes bust these ordinary people
would likely be quote wiped out
definitely there's a there's a battle
not just in tech stocks but in the
general stock market itself in the u.s.
we're already seeing companies like
General Electric and Caterpillar and
some of the others Wells Fargo and
financial stress there are signs of
financial fragility as I call it where
financial fragility is really a
condition where the cash flow to finance
previous debt that becomes insufficient
and they can't roll over the debt and
they can't borrow the debt so then they
have to default or sell off some of
their assets first they're better assets
and then maybe fault if they can't sell
off those assets well that financial
fragility in my book systemic fragility
in the global economy is an indicator of
pending financial instability and I
think we're approaching that and we may
see that emerge in the next year or two
you
