hi I'm master Oh Kaiser this is the
Kaiser report here with lovely the
talented the vivacious the intelligent
stacy who will now take us through into
the next segment of what you're watching
here now stacy okay max
well you know what the mexicans have
provided us with a great solution to
corrupt politicians and bad things
corruption crime all that sort of stuff
because there's a town in Mexico called
sure on the Mexican indigenous community
that ran politicians out of town
Sharan and the violent state of
Michoacan will stand apart from Mexico's
electioneering season having tackled
corruption and exploitation by banishing
political parties police and gangsters
this is an article from April back in
2011 they banned all politicians and
political parties from ever operating in
their town and you know what happened
crime ended there used to be a lot of
kidnappings and torture and things like
that and and everything crime collapse
the went plummeted once they kicked out
the politicians because it was the
politicians who were basically enabling
and facilitating the criminals and I
think you can see that maybe not so
violently in much of the other parts of
the world but I think you see that to
varying degrees all over but they ended
crime completely by not only driving out
the politicians but also the policemen
they kicked two policemen out of job you
know I saw that story and the very first
thing I thought of was Jeff Berwick down
there in Acapulco he does the dollar
vigilante and he's an anarchist and that
is anarchy it's anarchy in that there is
no centralized authority that is
corruptible that leads to all kinds of
bad outcomes when you have anarchy
you've got decentralization of power you
know you have the wherewithal to have a
more peaceful existence and anarchy is a
peaceful kind of philosophy political
philosophy and he's also in Mexico he's
down there in Acapulco where they have a
lot of guns neighboring state this is
Mitch owacan he's in Guerrero
which is where
goes very violent a state of course as
well but here these are the indigenous
people the indigenous / a Pecha town of
cheran throughout all political parties
after popular uprising in 2011 and it
does not want them back the only thing
the parties have done is divide us since
Salvador say ha Sharon's communal lands
Commissioner not just here but in the
entire country
the whole thing when they kick these
people out all the politicians and the
policemen they kick them out in 2011
because much of the anticipate can be
traced back to the situation in the
early part of the decade when the
surrounding area was dominated by
illegal loggers who clear-cut local
forests and hauled out dozens of
truckloads of logs each week with the
protection of a local drug cartel and
the collusion of corrupt police and
local politicians so they drove out
those the police and the politicians and
then the illegal logging stopped because
the people wanted their environment
their local environment to be nice and
not have the illegal loggers there and
then forth because there was no
politician and police officers basically
enabling their illegal activities it had
to stop a lot of problems with the
managing communities of course has to do
with managing ones medium of exchange
you know the money the trade gold
whatever it might be and you giving some
authority and some power to some entity
that would have dominion over said money
or gold
now with cryptocurrencies again Jeff
Berwick being way ahead of the curve on
this you know you eliminate the need for
any centralized fiat currency or gold
exchanging entity as well so add
cryptocurrency to that community and you
have the model for global growth based
on anarchy and localism and that could
be this is the entire global crypto
community whale Panda
you know fluffy pony you know Charlie
Lee and I'm so many songs any song and
the whole magic crypto circle show you
should guys should go to this town in
Mexico and it's to plant the flag of
crypto stop squabbling and leave naval
alone leave
alone and do something productive with
your lives you know I'm saying about
hopefully you didn't blow out that audio
there but you know what so again this
was written in April this was obviously
in the July first elections we had over
dor-win but before that why they were
saying they're adamant that they're
nobody's allowed to vote in this town
for those parties quote we can't put a
project like this at risk in order to
participate in the federal election
shall I said if we let in an election
like this with polling stations and all
that accompanies that the parties are
going to want to get back in here
political parties have occasionally
attempted to campaign in the town only
to be escorted out by the local Rhonda
the citizen run security force formed
after the uprising there's a great film
called the face on the crowd I believe
with talking about how a nobody there's
turn via the media into a political
superstar and it creates all kinds of
problems all right Robert Redford in
that film the candidate all politics is
nonsense essentially it's just meant to
smooth over some inadequacies and what
should be a matriarchy or what should be
paganism or polytheism all monotheism
all political parties all centralization
should be rejected in favor of a more of
a matriarchal polytheistic kind of pagan
worshipping deities that are what we see
in the crypto community there's a whole
bunch of great kryptos out there there's
Manero me mention fluffy pony
there's a light coin we mention Charlie
Lake yeah but panda has no coin and
instead we have these duopoly Zin the
u.s. we have a duopoly and I think this
this statement if you go to this town
Sharon what you see are a lot of
graffiti murals all that sort of stuff
and one of the one of the bits of murals
says Oh parties sure LAN is not a toy
Sharon is not a toy so there's I'm sure
that you got bleep there but you know if
you go read the article you'll see that
I think these political parties and you
see it in the United States the the
hyper-partisanship benefits it doesn't
benefit the people of benefits the
readings of MSNBC or the readings of Fox
it benefits the
the lobbyists and benefits the political
parties themselves because of course
they get more donations from fanatical
supporters so you know story because
they had to politically get together and
decide to get rid of all politics right
they had a vote to get rid of voting
yeah and then they did yeah and now
there's no more voting and they didn't
want any parties to come back ever again
and there's peace and love in the valley
because people are by nature communal
okay that's the big secret about life on
planet Earth is that rugged
individualism and Iran are false
altruism is actually the most successful
coping strategy we have as a living
species on planet Earth look at the
other organisms the trees for example
the flowers even the rocks and the
stones have an inert soul that is
contingent upon a network effect of of
extraterrestrial ISM that is imbuing
every moment of every breath taken i've
establish here that this town of Sharon
in Mexico
and the indigenous people decided that
politicians merely divide the people not
only locally but federally they divide
the people and that's what they do they
also allow for all this toxic waste of
the destruction of the environment in
the area because of profit and that's
what they didn't want them and in fact
they found that when they basically
banned politicians and they banned the
police crime fell so I'm gonna turn to
this article from the United States
where you see similar ingredients pence
families fails gas stations cost
taxpayers 20 million dollars plus Vice
President Mike Pence turns nostalgic
when he talks about growing up in small
town Columbus Indiana where his father
helped build a Midwestern empire of more
than 200 gas stations that provided an
upbringing on quote the front row of the
American dream the collapse of kale
brothers oil company in 2004 was widely
publicized less well known is that the
state of Indiana and to a smaller extent
Kentucky and Illinois are
still on the hook for millions of
dollars to clean up more than 85
contaminated sites across the three
states including underground tanks that
leaked toxic chemicals into soil streams
and wells that's exactly what I'm saying
is the rugged individualism there's no
fine Randy ISM in the economy you have
Mike Pence who is spewing propaganda
nonsense ignoring the externalities of
the his business here's he changed
business yeah exactly his one family
their one dream he and his brother and
the father their family got to benefit
hugely while the rest of the cost were
socialized well there's a mafia zhem it
gives him the temerity and the
narcissism to believe that the garbage
that his family spewed is not his
garbage it isn't he doesn't see that he
because he's a man of his monotheistic
beliefs could ever generate the amount
of toxic garbage that his family did
let's get back down to like real world
shaman connecting the dots connecting
the stripes
okay okay these are the stripes and
they're all connected so Mike Pence was
then a third year congressman lost more
than $600,000 when the company went
under he later became Indiana governor
and now has assets worth five hundred
and thirty-two thousand dollars and one
point one three million Greg pence who
is his brother who is seeking the vice
president's old congressional seat now
has a total assets worth 5.7 226 million
dollars
Mike Pence was head of the company not
my pence but his brother Greg pence was
head of the company when it went under
in 2004 he's now running to be
congressman in Indiana his net worth is
between 5.7 and 26 million dollars and
yet he's asking the taxpayer well he
didn't even ask he just told the
taxpayer you're gonna pay for my cleanup
because I'm not gonna pay for the
cleanup so somebody so you know either
live with the toxic waste in your
environment cuz I'm not paying for it or
you pay for that that's what politics
becomes it becomes the last refuge of a
scoundrel somebody once said so in order
to escape being thrown in jail these
people they become politician
to change the law okay Hillary Clinton
comes to mind
Bill Clinton comes to mind right well
that's what the people of Iran also
showed is like you don't want these
politicians let's get rid of the
politicians and then this will be dealt
with in a more you know less violent
about Tito then they won't live to
corrupt and destroy this is what Mike
Pence and Greg pence their family
essentially did they deprive the people
of oxygen of a current environment
that's right because of monotheism I
think if you look at this from the big
the biggest possible picture that's the
problem well I don't think that but also
you know the state governments have to
pay Indiana's paid over twenty million
dollars but the federal government
meanwhile plans to clean up a plume of
cancer-causing solvent discovered
beneath a former Kiel Brothers station
that threatens drinking water near the
Penn's family's home he's not the vice
president he's the president of Vice guy
is oh I guess you have to take a break
and then when we come back they'll be
like so much more than you'll wonder why
you stayed hello there I'm Max Keiser
welcome back hey you know what we got to
talk to Bill Abbott of Mines comm
because this thing is getting to be big
now bill welcome back thanks sir I mean
alrighty so last time you're on the show
you said hey I should be an advisors now
I am an advisor because there's the bad
mind and then there's the good mind the
bad mind is the corporate-controlled
mind where they're trying to feed us
memes of death
the good mind is the global
consciousness working on a mission of
love this is where minds.com comes in
right that's it
not the hive mind not the bad guys but
the good guys now how is blockchain
actually used in minds.com and so wise
blockchain even needed so we're using it
for the whole token system the RC 20
token and then we're putting all the
advertising transactions and
peer-to-peer crowdfunding transact
on the blockchain really for autonomy
and transparency we used to use a point
system back in the day which was all
internal on our servers but people just
wanted it to be opened up really badly
right so if the US government or some
government comes to your headquarters in
Connecticut and tells you to delete a
post on minds.com can you do that we can
do that we don't do that because our
policy is you know as long as it's legal
in the US it can be on the servers we
are moving well it depends what the
content is so we use web torrent for
videos so if the seed of the of the web
torrent links get out there then
actually we can't delete it but so when
we're going to move web torrent probably
two more types of data but blockchain
it's gonna we're looking at it but it's
going to take some time to you know put
heavy content on the blockchain I think
that very few people are doing that
successfully right now heavy meaning
video stuff like that but what about
controversial controversial the same
this is interesting because looking at
the news recently a bank or because bank
or it was kind of sold as decentralized
and they ran into an interesting little
situation where they froze eleven
million dollars worth of the bank or
tokens triggering this debate on
decentralization and so it's kind of not
all that clear where is in the Bitcoin
ecosystem you've got a situation where
there is no there there it is completely
decentralized there's no headquarters
there's no executive there's no CEO it's
unique in that way every single other
coin out there like even aetherium
despite what joe Lubin says I mean
you've got
Vitalik is kind of a you know
centralized entity there so what do you
think about that I mean yeah that's the
utopia is to have a social network that
is you know fully decentralized and you
know no single entity can take it down
so that's why actually our node model is
really important because anyone can
actually take our code start their own
social network their own app and plug
that into the ecosystem so even though
ours you know we run
servers for a you know most of the
functions on the site other people can
set up hubs and so it is decentralized
in that sense also all right so now
you're making waves in Vietnam right
what happened what was this good what's
happening yeah so there was this cyber
security law that got passed in Vietnam
which is essentially a censorship and
surveillance law so Google and Facebook
are now have this revolving door with
the Vietnamese government so when they
don't like a post or you know they want
information on a certain person they can
get that and that is what is allowing
vietnam to give access to Facebook and
Google in that country I think that you
know maybe there's some other parts of
the law which may be valuable but those
parts are very bad which kills the whole
law so people are seeking more open
alternatives where at least we have a
policy that we're gonna not take the
content down I mean Facebook's policy is
is you know still not even halfway there
someone to China right China's yeah
highly controlled right so now this is
moving into these other Asian countries
what about this Chinese social score
that they're developing again getting
back when I said the good mind bad mind
we're heading into a global mind
we're heading into actually into a
global hive mind and in the case of the
Chinese government their feeling is that
they could assign every one of their
billion plus citizens a social score and
that if they spit on the sidewalk or
they insult the government they get a
negative to that score in which case
they can can't buy airline tickets they
can't buy train tickets there they get
penalized and severely so this is the
bad hive mind the good hive mind in the
case of minds.com the intentions there
are great remember when google launched
their tagline was don't be evil and now
you know they've kind of become evil
so as hi is minds.com what's going to
stop morphing into an evil you know
entity
yeah well the hypocrisy of google
upfront with saying don't be evil or
twitter saying free speech wing at the
free speech party is that they were
never free and opensource so their code
was always secret from the beginning and
they had never had any intention of
opening that up for public transparency
they were never focused
done encryption they were never really
looking at decentralization now you know
you know you see Dorsey is you know
interested in Bitcoin Jackson yeah
Twitter he's not really implementing
these principles of Bitcoin into Twitter
which is odd and then but he likes it as
a because it's square which he also is
the CEO they have an app on which is
very popular now people can buy and sell
Bitcoin quite easily it's very well
designed well they seem to be taking the
best things about Bitcoin and you know
helping bring Bitcoin to people but the
app itself is not abiding by the
principles of Bitcoin and blockchain
these principles of Bitcoin blockchain
are they impossible to live through in
other words it was born
initially the first few years there was
this rush of euphoria that this is
utopia it's in a lot of ways and now the
reality of banks getting involved money
matters getting involved and governments
getting involved you know is it gonna
survive like that this period in you
know a lot of people compared Bitcoin to
a cult or any religion well if you look
at cults and religion they go through a
similar period Christianity just for
example started off sounding great then
it became kind of weird is Bitcoin gonna
go down the same path well yeah I mean
the the utopian vision of pure
decentralization I think is valuable for
a goal but you know the idea that
centralization in itself is evil I think
is not necessarily true I think there's
a little bit more nuance there I mean
there are central servers can be
valuable for certain functions they can
be more efficient for certain functions
and if you can you know hybridize and
move towards total decentralization I
think that's the goal but like when
we're trying to build a social network
we're not going to be able to have a
func mean show me a functioning fully
decentralized central network running on
top of the boccie it doesn't it doesn't
exist and and if it does it's it
probably has some sort of highly
centralized architecture or it's a
hybrid okay so having said that about
Bitcoin Bitcoin does actually have an
issue with mining concentration right so
that is
centralization of the protocol and so
you've got potentially a group of the
Asian miners banding together and they
would have more than 51% of the hashing
power and you know then you've got a
centralized protocol and in response to
that you've got these platforms like iOS
being one of them
and Cardno being another one I guess
talking about how to address that semi
centralization issue in another
iteration how do you think that well
look at the drama going on with us
recently with their launch and you know
the Constitution and whatnot and I think
that look we're all trying to make this
happen so I thought you're hanging your
hat on open-source yeah okay you know
open-source is kind of the bottom line
litmus test in terms of we can't be any
more open than open source I mean this
is what we're doing if you don't like it
I mean you know tell us before getting
help for kitten help okay that's a good
rallying cry for kitten hell yeah a lot
of people like to talk without actually
you know spending years developing a
product and it's easy to just rant on
social media without bringing solutions
so you know I think that people who are
building products are the people who are
doing things and if there are elements
of centralization in order to get the
job done I think that you know is we
just have to be on the path okay so
let's just review again what minds.com
is all about so you know what's the
elevator pitch what is this fricking
thing minds.com again just for people
who are just joining us now globally and
wondering what we're talking about
give us the quick and dirty on this so
it's a social networking app similar to
others but you earn crypto for your
contributions and then you can use them
use that crypto to boost your posts for
more reach or send peer-to-peer to other
users on a monthly recurring basis for
subscriptions and you know creators
consider reward tiers and so unlike
other social media platforms like
Facebook that don't give you jack
doodly-squat for all the work you put
into it here's an attempt to actually
recapture recycle some of that income
that's being generated back to you the
user
and there are now two or three people in
this space right there competing in this
space mines comm has captured some
pretty high-profile folks that are now
migrating to minds.com what's the head
Ken now how many people you got working
over there about ten so still pretty
yeah we have open so we have like 50
open-source developers who have
contributed but I mean that I think is
an important point like what if we had
thousands of developers and that's why
you know our growth the growth of our
open source community is is essential
because you can leverage global
developers with that if your proprietary
you you can't do that I think that the
reach is what social networks have as
value so the newsfeed is where eyeballs
are that is attention you know you don't
want to over commodify attention but we
give away the reach in the newsfeed that
is how the the network works so we
reward the tokens and then we give
people space you know every 15 post
you'll see a boosted post on Facebook
that's a paid ad and it's this whole
conglomeration of you know
algorithmically fed surveillance content
we it's a hundred percent chronological
pure feed we're never gonna mess with it
so you're not worried about not reaching
your fault giveaway the reach on the
news so in other words people are
posting news and that attracts eyeballs
and you're not internally monetizing
those eyeballs you are you're you're
allowing the users to reap the benefit
of the reach of this platform and you
guys are just focusing on inserting the
occasional
boosted and then I'm a user I can buy a
boosted spot you can buy or money that I
make just by participating you're gonna
earn Tobler that gives you free views in
those booths right so I'm participating
I earned some tokens and I'm like you
know what I'm gonna spend 10% of my
tokens boosting something because I
think it's gonna learn me more tokens or
because of my business suggest I need to
do a marketing expense I'm gonna buy
some boosted space on the minds.com so
how's it going and what's the growth
rate I mean just over the last week we
got like 150 thousand users from
from Vietnam what it was 60,000 a week
how do i real surges happen that's you
know I mean you do see incremental
growth we are you know growing at that
steady rate but realistically the way
networks grow is just when these media
events happen you know maybe some
legislation goes gets enacted or some
huge just thing right so you know they
migrate then you hit the issue of
scaling yeah right so you get 100,000
users in a week so how's the scaling
going what did a jamup
or did you just fly through that with
flying colors it did not even glitch the
issue that should we translate it to
Vietnamese now that was our biggest
project in the last week so you know now
we offer Vietnamese and English but I
think we're really focused on so the
major test that you passed yeah yelling
test and if we now if we translate in
every language I think that it's gonna
be mean we have people would you ever
use a app that was only in Chinese
that's a question I can't answer because
we're out of time we got to say goodbye
but I'll answer that next time you're on
how about that thanks for being on the
cars reports Graham and that's gonna do
it for this edition of the Kaiser report
was fee Max Keiser and Stacey ever like
saying our guest bill Ottman of
minds.com you want to reach us on
twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time file
