it is indeed one of the most shocking
and speakable videos that I've ever
watched in my entire career
it shows the brutal execution of two
women and two very young children and
the victims are blindfolded one with her
child and still on her back they are
shot several times 23 times and the
video is filmed by the perpetrators
themselves we spent a lot of time at
Amnesty to analyze the video to cheat
repeatedly to better understand the
background and also the perpetrators we
have collected testimonies and
information for our sources on the
ground we have compounded these
testimonies with the analysis of our
experts including military experts and
researchers pencil ammunitions and we
have carried out an extensive analysis
of the weapons of the uniforms and the
landscape that future in the beauty in
terms of weapons for example you can
hardly be mistaken the video depicts
uniformed personnel from the Cameroonian
army used weapons such as in the Sava
m-21 which is a Serbian made weapon
consistent with those used by the
Cambodian army we also analyzed the
landscape and they've been able to
determine that the video was filmed in a
specific area of the far north region of
Cameroon which is de Mayo de rigueur
because Iraq the montains and the
cultivation and you can see in the video
are only present in that specific area
of the far north region of Cameroon also
the uniforms wet by the soldiers are
consistent with those of the Cambodian
army and very different from uniforms
for example wore by military in
neighboring country such as charge and
Nigeria talking led to the conclusion
that the perpetrators are at the
Cameroonian military the brutal acts
committed by the soldiers the picture
in the video were perpetrated by the
Cameroonian soldiers and we are very
surprised and shocked by the fact that
the minister of communication has
dismissed the video as fake news even
before launching an investigation on the
case we stand by our findings and we
think that the perpetrators are from the
Cameroonian military we have been able
to to show that this is the case we call
on the authorities to make sure the
investigation they promised to open will
be impartial independent and thorough
there's a general climate of impunity in
Cameroon were very rarely perpetrators
of human rights abuses have been
habitable there has been no
investigation whatsoever in all the
cases Amnesty International has
documented since 2015 especially in the
context of the fight against Boko Haram
and also we have to be clear that this
is not an isolated incident the incident
depicted in the this brutal execution is
part of systematic abuses committed by
the Army fighting Boko Haram and let's
also be clear that the fight against
Boko Haram is a legitimate fight but
means used are wrong and the behavior
the conduct and discipline of the
security forces in this kind of context
have been very problematic and alessia's
recorded systematic torture
extrajudicial executions arbitrary
arrests cases of enforced disappearances
and all these cases have never been
dealt with
you
