hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
is democratic socialism the future of
the Democratic Party the future of
America is moving to the left of winning
strategy to take on Donald Trump's
vision of conservative populism one
thing is undeniable
mainstream politics in both parties are
under pressure to evolve and become more
accountable
crosstalking democratic socialism I'm
joined by my guest Steve Mobbs Berg in
New York he's a conservative political
commentator in Washington we have Ivan
Elin he is a senior fellow at the center
on peace and liberty at the independent
Institute and in Los Angeles we crossed
the run flick owned he is a comedian
he's a frequent guest on the Jimmy Dore
show and The Young Turks as well as host
of his own streaming show get your news
on with Ron
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in
anytime you want and I always appreciate
I always go to the person that got up
earliest for the program so that means
it's you Ron in Los Angeles god bless
your soul we you know we hear a lot
about the the rise of democratic
socialism the turn to the left and the
party though the donors don't seem to
want to go there what is democratic
socialism because I'd like to remind our
viewers I lived in communist Eastern
Europe and they called that democratic
socialism okay and they didn't have a
lot of Birkenstocks and they didn't have
a lot of cappuccinos I'd like to point
out so Ron what is it in a nutshell go
ahead well democratic socialism in the
contemporary American sense I mean you
know whenever people throw around these
terms you need to factor in you know the
snapshot in contemporary time but a
democratic socialism is certainly not
authoritarian socialism or anything like
that democratic socialism as the DSA is
presenting it basically just gives more
rights to the workers it still allows
enterprise and stuff like that however
workers have more rights and they have
more of a say and they see more of the
product and what the DSA's mission is in
particular is to try to get away from
the economy that instead exploits
workers and is focused on destroying the
environment and war they're trying to
get away from all that to a economy that
is more sustainable that workers have a
better seat at the table and where
everybody has health care okay okay
Steve I mean you know socialism tends to
become authoritarian if you don't keep
an eye on it I'd like to point out and
I'm living in the country that had a
pretty disastrous experience with it but
Steve you know what I listen to a lot of
people talking about democratic
socialism raw
pointed out a workers rights I don't
hear that so often when they talk I hear
about abolishing ice having open borders
you know cultural relativism that's what
I hear I hear identity politics and that
makes what the hair on the back of my
head stand up
go ahead absolutely all you have to do
is go to the Democratic socialists of
America website and find out what the
Democratic socialists of America are
really all about everything you just
alluded to plus guaranteed income
whether or not you're working when you
talk about the workers having more
rights they want the end of capitalism
and workers to run the show workers
would own and run everything
there wouldn't be private ownership by
by corporations stockholders would go to
you nowhere and let me let me just if I
may a hate reading thing but this is
very important the disgraceful use of
prisons to regulate behavior would be
replaced with the system that
decriminalized is a wide range of
offenses and provides victims victims
are the ones in prison provides victims
with mental health care and various
forms of counseling to help people find
productive ways to move forward after
committing serious crimes
so you commit a serious crime no more
prison you'll get counseling
these people are loony Bin's okay these
let the Democrats run on this please
okay Steve what you just described was
Gitmo in one form or another let me go
to Ivan Elin in Washington here I hate
reading things too but I will a Harvard
University stuff published a study in
April that found 51 percent of those
between the ages of 18 and 29 dislike
capitalism with a majority preferring
socialism as a political system its
socialism a political system that's what
I'm worried about
when when rod talks about workers I'm
all ears I'll listen to workers rights I
don't have a problem with that okay we
need a healthy left in the United States
here but people are talking about a
political system that is socialism go
ahead Ivan well of course the technical
definition of socialism is nationalizing
industry nationalizing the means of
production
you know I'm not sure I hear anybody
really talking about that I see striking
similarities between the right and the
left that we have now I wouldn't
consider Trump a conservative I would
consider him a nationalist he's been for
quite a big big government if we want to
talk big government sure in all its
forms I think you know he was yeah he
passed and the Republicans went home
right along with him 300 billion dollar
budget meanwhile cutting taxes and
yawning the deficit and the debt we also
have him putting on tariffs
protectionist tariffs which isn't
conservative and then bailing out the
farmers with 12 billion dollars worth of
aid which doesn't really cover them
probably it's not going to cover the
losses that he's cut off with terrorists
he's also said he's not going to do away
with Social Security and Medicare now my
purpose here isn't to attack Trump I'm
just saying that he's a more nationalist
Republican and I think Bernie Sanders
followers have a lot in common with him
to some extent now of course that's left
populism and he's sort of a right
populist in the in the case of the
president so you're you're seeing the
encroachment of big government and you
know we have all these terms for
democratic socialism right-wing populism
but we may end up sort of all at the
same place with more government
encroachment on our freedoms you know
Ronnie it seems to me the you know in
looking at some of the races it's still
a more of a rejection of the status quo
and some people move to the through the
right and some people move to the left
but everybody seems to have a problem
except for people in the center and they
want to keep everything the way it is
and I did mention just off the cuff
donors don't want a big change here too
and I'm not I'm not just attacking the
Democrats here you could easily as Ivan
did do it to the Republicans as well go
ahead run absolutely so first of all we
we have border security
we had border security before ice
existed it's not like anybody who calls
for the abolishment of ice is calling
for open borders I'm in favor of
abolishing ice I think this country is a
lot like expresso in that regard
better without ice however that doesn't
mean open borders that just means a
rejection of this organization that is
being authoritarian and brutal so that's
the first point and also yeah the
Democratic establishment is not a big
fan of the DSA or anything they're about
that's the first priority yeah I mean
their first priority is stopping
progressive policies from happening and
pleasing the donors their priority
further down the list is maybe beating a
Republican but that's not that big of a
deal because whether that happens or not
the gravy train keeps a rollin we are
seeing a rise in populace emmm now I
would make the argument and I know some
of you guys on this panel see things
differently that's fine but I would say
right-wing populism isn't really a thing
that's kind of an oxymoron so I think
Trump ran on this kind of idea of that
and a lot of people latched on to it I
would say largely he hasn't delivered on
that and I don't think he's going to but
I think that the time for true populism
is is that our at the forefront right
now and if history in the United States
is any indication we're kind of due for
a sharp turn to the left right now we're
mirroring the Great Depression in many
ways okay but what happened after that
was FDR okay okay and let me go to Steve
here because I mean again it took you
know and in Ron you've been on this
program before and we've discussed this
you know left in progressive and the
establishment and all that that's fine
but Steve you know ever since 2010 the
Democrats you know have lost over and
over and over again because they keep
running on the same message over and
over again and one can make the argument
that Trump appealed to the people that
filled that disaffected I mean a lot of
white men a lot of white people in
general voted in 2016 because they
finally found a candidate that that they
could see the that would have consider
their concerns okay so I mean you know a
lot has been said here but I mean I I do
think that this is a lot about
insurgency and it's all about Bernie
Sanders I think that's is going to be
the most important event remembered not
the dick Trump was elected but what was
done to Bernie go ahead Steve well yeah
well well first
of all that let's also point out that
Donald Trump got a higher percentage of
Hispanics a voting Freeman did Mitt
Romney or John McCain which I think is
something that goes overlooked and
really should look the reason why the
donors don't want the the you know the
socialist Democrats influence and and
policies and platforms is because if
they can't win I mean that's why someone
like me is begging you and begging the
Democrats to deter on these programs
know where you stand
keep going Steve Koonin a little first
of all this a very a very very small
percentage of people voted and she
happens to live in a district where
where the the message appeals but even
she isn't honest when she is pressed on
what she she believes as a Democratic
Socialist she says oh I don't think we
should have labels I don't like labels
if the if the word got out that she was
for abolishing prisons abolishing
prisons abolishing capitalism's not
going the for-profit prison industry
those are two completely it's abolishing
completely different things and if you
want to talk about what's going on
conversation like that and how its
exploit are two completely different
things for the program I said it's one
thing equal time for everyone Ivan let
me turn to you the the GOP should love
these Democratic socialists because it's
defied its dividing the Democratic Party
and you can tell from the very top
they're scared of these people go ahead
of it
yeah I would say to the Democrats that
you know it's okay to have that wing of
the party I mean they the Republicans
said the Tea Party wing and but but it
does make your candidates unelectable in
certain places now if they the
Democratic Party runs more conservative
candidates in in these places they they
have a better chance of winning but I'm
sure the party apparatus doesn't really
care for a lot of this talk about
you know free college education for
everybody Medicare for all because these
are very expensive programs and nobody
has figured out in the Democratic Party
or anywhere else how to pay for these
but of course you know the Republicans
have done this with their tax cuts
that's what they do to get a lactate
okay I mean while they meeting in fed
let me just instead they increase it I
have to jump in and we have to go to a
hard break after a short break we'll
continue our discussion on democratic
socialism stay with our team welcome
back to crosstalk where all things are
considered on Peter Lebel to remind you
were discussing democratic socialism
okay let me go back to Ron here I again
I want to stress the issue of identity
politics because when I look at some of
these things
I mean Democratic socialists of America
I've been around for a while okay and
and and I looked at some of their older
literature and you're spot-on
they looked at more at working people
getting a fair shake that's fine
but what I see now is this infusion of
identity politics and I think that you
know I can say pretty confidently given
election results over the last few years
that doesn't work it doesn't work for
the Democratic Party but they they don't
you know when you talk about transgender
toilets and stuff like that it turns off
the heartland I'm from the heartland
this is something that people they want
the factories to start opening up again
they want their wages to go up and then
when you have these things you know
there's political correctness and and
these pronouns all this nonsense I don't
have any patience for it because it
doesn't advance my life or the people
around me how do you address that wrong
well there is a world of difference
between exploiting identity politics for
just political jargon nonsense and
addressing issues affecting different
communities I would argue that the DSA
is doing the latter who's doing the
former I would say that's what the
Democratic establishment is doing so so
I think a lot of the issues with
identity politics as in using it for
wrong and dishonest means I think that's
something the Democratic establishment
is doing and there is again there's a
world of difference between them and the
DSA and movements like it the Democratic
establishment there are the ones that
like to point their fingers at people
less powerful than them and say oh you
didn't support Hillary Clinton well
clearly you're a sexist you're not a big
fan of Kamala Harris well you're a
sexist and a racist that's where
identity politics yeah floats in in a
dishonest way and there's a world of
difference between that and addressing
issues of different communities one is a
good thing one not so much okay
well Steve what got me wrong just proved
our point I mean this identity politics
it's a dragon that eats its own tail
so obviously Trump supporters are sexist
and homophobic
but it within the Democratic Party if
you didn't support Hillary then you're
just as bad as the Trump people I mean
this is insanity right it's a good way
hillary will tell you if you're a woman
you listen you didn't vote for her it's
because you were listening to your boss
and your husband and your boyfriend and
you're not strong enough to stick up for
your own beliefs you were told who to
vote for
don't forget half the country's a basket
full of deplorable z' and that's the
mainstream Democratic Party look again
III can't say this enough when you look
at free this free that and you know it
by the way let's look to Latin American
country let's look to Venezuela what's
the inflation right there
forty thousand percent I mean please I
beg I begged the Democratic Party adopt
the the leftist ideals here adopt the
platforms here adopt the ideas here
you'll never win another election never
it's impossible in this country and and
the fact that they don't see that really
it calls into question what their what
their goal is because they're not dumb
they're not stupid people they know they
can't win
you know generalized elections and and
the good point made by Ron earlier the
Democrats are running conservatives
conservative Democrats who are anti
Pelosi and to appoint pro Trump on
issues to win districts and you're
talking about nationalizing democratic
socialism it doesn't make any sense okay
but how do you explain Bernie Sanders
then go ahead run how do you explain
Bernie Sanders and I mean Peter you even
said yourself Bernie Sanders is the
biggest story here now do you guys if
you think that it can't win and I mean
we don't disagree on the corruption of
the Democratic establishment that's one
thing where all of us will be in
agreement but how do you explain Bernie
Sanders a guy who is an open socialist
who came out of nowhere and almost
pretty much caused a grassroots
revolution probably would have had the
establishment not cheated him is
applauded in the heartland with a true
populist message how do you explain
Bernie Sanders if you entertain the
cases that democratic socialism can't
win Steve you want to play because
Bernie say
there's yeah because Bernie Sanders is a
polished socialist he doesn't talk about
any of the other issues all he talks
about is income inequality it's unfair
unfair unfair he doesn't get into
specifics it doesn't talk about the
jails he doesn't talk about the the
groups that you're talking about
transgender etc he focuses on one
message and one message only which
resonates with a certain percentage of
the population a rather large percentage
perhaps but when push comes to shove if
you want to run as a Democratic
Socialist or a socialist and you have to
own the other policies that go with it
and that will never fly okay I let me
get Ivan in in Washington I mean is is
is this a pivot a transformational
moment because you know in many ways you
could see the Trump is the same thing
for the GOP because a lot of the purists
and the GOP still hate Trump okay and
and also what we have here in the
Democratic Party
you know we there is a huge foot I mean
I think all of us would agree that
income inequality is a big problem and
that it's a single most important issue
that can divide a society we can always
have these other issues on the side
income inequality is dangerous here Ivan
Eiland is is the Democratic Party really
being able to address that issue well I
think we have to I think both parties
have noticed the income inequality even
some conservatives have have started
talking about it but the problem is that
the parties differ on the cause of
course the the cause to the Democrats or
the Democratic socialists are you know
big corporations and you know Pro excess
of profits for corporations and not
giving it back to the worker for the
Conservatives it's that the the Verret
they're very opposite it's that the
system has become so bogged down with
regulations and other things and big
government that the market is not
allowed to you know that all the
regulations create essentially
oligopolies and that sort of thing and
that that causes incoming inequality so
it just depends on what
side of the fence you're on politically
okay okay well right you know run I mean
one of the things brought up to me here
is that you know you know this mantra
you know with it free this free
education free welfare free education
for everyone and they still want to have
an open borders I'm I want to harp on
the open borders thing cuz I mean this
has been amplified over the last few
months here I mean if you want to have a
big welfare state a super welfare state
don't you think you should have a border
to make sure the rest of the world
doesn't take advantage of it I mean then
people on the inside the burger to say
whoa whoa we want this for ourselves
because we're paying for it okay so the
open borders argument kind of deflates
unless you want cheap labor go ahead run
well I mean again the abolishment of ice
and open borders are two different
things and it's no one's calling for
just complete no nothing whatsoever but
where everyone's calling for reasonable
border security at least to the extent
that I see it what people are against is
the brutality of ice secondly it's not
free stuff quote-unquote what it is is a
reallocation of resources we spend more
on bombs in the military than pretty
much the next 13 countries combined just
about we have more than enough resources
in this country to have a single-payer
health care nonprofit single-payer
health care which you know the community
would pay for it's not free stuff it's a
reallocation of resources of what we're
already paying we already pay a higher
GDP for healthcare than most other
countries and we get less because of a
broken for-profit system same with
education we could reallocate our
resources to have to have tuition free
college in this country we choose not to
same with a green new deal or an
infrastructure program we have the
resources to do all this stuff but we
don't allocate it that way instead we
just give bonus bomb money to the Trump
administration or whoever's in power
Oklahoma did the same stuff all right
Steve you know I was mentioned and
that's another raw point for me I think
that all all government expenditures and
almost an all except for maybe preschool
and kindergarten should be cut because
all they do is he
ideology this nonsense post Marxist
post-structuralism
and it brings up people that into the
world that can't do anything except for
yell and scream about a perceived
victimhood okay I mean I was in the
University of California system for a
long time and they don't teach you much
they just teach you to be angry and
teach you to be a victim go ahead Steve
well well look at what the Attorney
General session said the other day
talking about the universities calling
some of the map by name that you know
they're they're raising a bunch of
snowflakes they have safe rooms and
quiet rooms and places you can run to
and you can't offend people perceived
offenses and blah blah blah the whole
thing is becoming a total joke look
again all this talk of free stuff at
least I think Ron acknowledged it's not
free everybody pays for it and it is a
reallocation of funds I mean that so to
say that Isis brutal is insane to say
that without ice you know you're not
advocating open borders is insane the
public is already the polls show there
did we we didn't have ice nice to know
what limitations there was no borders we
live in a different world and I'd like
to know who you would keep out I'd like
to know who you would keep out on to
what circumstances I dare you to name
what the circumstances would be and who
you would keep out look the public is
again I'm a one-note pony today because
the public would never go for these
radical leftist ideals proposals
policies so please somehow let your
candidates run on these policies and you
will suffer worse defeats than you did
under Obama whose candidates all
throughout the country state local
governmental every level got slaughtered
in the elections you lost over a
thousand can seat overall in the nation
so you want to make it 2,000 adopt these
policies okay I'm anemic
umino Obama the guy who ran on a
center-left platform and won twice
didn't deliver on it by the way but yeah
yeah but Ronnie didn't have coat he
didn't have coattails okay and that's
undeniable okay Ivan you know what we've
this is a mica clip running in microcosm
here what we've seen on this program is
not really a policy
it's a cultural difference and I think
that's what the election showed and I
and the way unfortunately this cultural
the division people are not talking to
each other we did a pretty good job on
this program last 30 seconds go to you
Ivany linen in washington well I would
just say I think you know we need to
stop the stereotypic yelling and talk
about the issues when we talk about all
these expensive programs the cut in the
defense budget the numbers just don't
add up I'm for all for cutting the
defense budget in half but it's not
gonna pay for single-payer health care
or a free at university education for
everybody we're 21 trillion dollars in
debt we got a hundred trillion dollars
in deficit and I think both parties
don't address that those facts okay
gentlemen all I can say is to be
continued that's all the time we have
many thanks to my guests in Washington
New York and in Los Angeles and thanks
to our viewers for watching us here at
RT see you next time and remember
crossroads
