an increasing number of celebrities are
getting into trouble for old tweets but
in America just how much trouble seems
to depend on your political affiliation
its Polly Boyka it's become a sport
watch someone climb to the top and then
knock them off the perch using their own
less than savory quotes like TV actor
Roseanne Barr who lost her longtime job
at ABC following a very racist tweet it
also happened to Katie McHugh a
journalist who used to write for the
Breitbart website after her anti-muslim
tweets came to light the same fate
befell the ostry sisters stars of The
Girl with no job Instagram account
they used to have a talk show but it was
canceled because they're old anti-obama
and Islamophobic tweets resurfaced on
top of that a left-leaning liberal media
outlet found out that the sisters have a
conservative news pundit for a mother
who likes Donald Trump a lot in fact one
thing all those disgraced stars have in
common is that they're politically
conservative although recently the
liberal camp has been hit by a string of
very similar scandals James Gunn
big Hollywood film director made
guardians of the galaxy turns out ten
years ago he was making jokes about rape
and pedophilia his bosses at Disney had
to sack him the creator of Rick and
Morty and host of the harmontown podcast
Dan Harmon he had to apologize after an
old sketch where he rapes a baby doll
caught the attention of the
Twittersphere the host of The Daily Show
Trevor Noah recently faced criticism
when his old sketch poking fun at
Aboriginal women in Australia cropped up
online who dug all this up the
Conservatives keen to find some
politically incorrect skeletons in the
Liberals closets might you know bitch
the alt-right bloggers keen to get
revenge on the left was the one who
found the james gunn tweets he's loving
the fact that the lefties are getting a
taste of their own outraged medicine I
enjoyed just the raw human visceral
reaction of
into the arena and just swinging the
hammer and seeing what is left over
afterwards twitter is just modern-day
gladitoria continues and the left-wing
liberals offensive jokes are playing out
Trevor Noah and Dan Harmon have managed
to hold on to their jobs James Gunn did
get fired but a lot of the so-called
liberal elite standing up for him James
Gunn is one of the most loving caring
good-natured people I have ever met he's
made mistakes we all have I'm not okay
with what's happening to him James Gunn
I thank you for your talent your decency
and your evolution as a man I'm pausing
myself to take everything in before I
speak out of term I just want everyone
to know I love all members of my GOTV
family some have even started a petition
to rehire him the Twittersphere wasn't
quite as forgiving when it came to Rosen
bars hateful language
shame on you the real Roseanne and ABC
network
not a single apology can get me to
respect your despicable racist character
and racism in mainstream media now I'm
hurt embarrassed and disappointed the
racist and distasteful comments from
Roseanne are inexcusable ABC and Disney
do the right thing there are still
boundaries in the age of Trump that
cannot be crossed thank you for putting
values above money
Roseanne herself has picked up on it I'm
disgusted to read all the support for
James Gunn's pedophile jokes as the same
people supported blacklisted me for a
joke
they didn't even understand digging up
dirt is one thing but it looks like it's
more likely to stick if you're on the
right side of the political spectrum
you
