UN's Human Rights chief has urged the
West African nation of Cameroon to
investigate alleged abuses in the
country's armed forces it comes after
video emerged of what appears to be the
extrajudicial execution of two women and
two infants a number of rights groups
have confirmed that the Cameroonian
military was responsible for the
atrocity a warning you may find the
following video obtained by the
intercept distressing now these shocking
images shows soldiers from Cameroon
executing women and children now a
uniformed man is narrating their actions
he says that the women and children are
part of the Boko Haram terrorist group
after the first round of bullets one of
the men wearing military fatigues
acknowledges that one of the children is
still alive so he shoots again first the
government claims that the video was
fake news but now it's been reported
that four soldiers have been detained
keep in mind that Cameroon is a key ally
of the United States in the war on
terror Cameroon is a vital partner in
the fights against Boko Haram Isis West
Africa and other violent extremist
organizations in the lake Chad basin
region a relationship with Cameroon is
designed to promote stability and
security within the region now Cameroon
hosts hundreds of US troops and a US
drone base and at this point the USA
continues to supply Cameroon with
military planes and other assistance
even though it's been pointed out by the
ambassador to the country that the
military has been involved in targeted
killings there's violence on both
the government has committed summary
executions they are guilty of
detaining people and not allowing them
access to lawyers to their families even
to visits from the Red Cross now the US
State Department has expressed concerns
over the video that seems to show one of
its key allies committing a savage act
of brutality we call on the government
of Cameroon to investigate thoroughly
and transparently the events depicted in
the video make its findings public and
if Cameroonian military personnel were
involved in this atrocity hold them
accountable this is hardly the first
time that Cameroon has raised the
concerns of human rights groups an
Amnesty International report documented
over a hundred cases of murder torture
and abuse we used witness testimony and
photographs from the social media
accounts of beer soldiers to digitally
model the site and locate incidents
within it the arms and legs of this
detainee are bound in a stress position
known as the boat position detainees
report being held in this way for days
at a time at first there were reports
that the US State Department had
temporarily suspended aid to the country
but the Pentagon was quick to dispel
those rumors there has been no change to
the assistance the Department of Defense
provides to Cameroon as a direct result
of violence in the Anglophone regions of
Cameroon the United States constantly
tells us that its foreign policies are
about defending freedom it accuses
geopolitical rivals of violating human
rights but it looks like Cameroon a fast
friend of the Pentagon has anything but
a clean record
Kalib Maupin RT washington d-c ilaria
alegre say a researcher honesty
international who's examined Cameroonian
military abuses says that the human
rights violations are systemic and go
unpunished
it is indeed one of the most shocking
and despicable videos that I've ever
watched in my entire career we spent a
lot of time at amnesty to analyze the
video we have collected testimonies and
information for our sources on the
ground
we have compounded these testimonies
with the analysis of our experts
including military experts we are very
surprised and shocked by the fact that
the minister of communication has
dismissed the video as fake news even
before launching an investigation on the
case and alessia's recorded systematic
torture extrajudicial executions
arbitrary arrests cases of enforced
disappearances and all these cases have
never been dealt with we asked the
Cameroonian prime minister's office to
verify the video and confirm whether the
government would conduct an
investigation
you
