we asked a legal and media analyst
Lionel and also democratic political
consultant Richard Goodstein why the
issue of Russian meddling is proving to
be so divisive liberal politicians
frequently blame Russia for various
things as well do you believe that's the
real cause of the problems in the US so
there are other divisions what do you
think Richard look I don't think people
are blaming Russians for anything that
happens in the United States other than
what our intelligence community
concluded unanimously was with which
since the Russians attacked the United
States democracy in the way that they
you know meddled frankly makes it look
kind of pity a kind of really kind of
piddly it's meddling in the way that
Osama bin Laden meddled with the World
Trade Center he that was an attack Dick
Cheney
fan of generally said that what
questions did was an act of war against
United States so so again but I think we
should segment that out I think I think
what happens when states whether it's
racial bias or you know in inequality in
terms of incomes that's not because of
anybody from Russia doing that policies
that we're creating ourselves you didn't
let me down you hit it out of the park
there my friend
comparing Osama bin Laden with a bunch
of Russians buying Facebook ads which
brought down the entire election not
because your gal the oven mitt
fashionista lost a rigged election but
because the nefarious Russians and the
the this nefarious cabal the Kremlin how
did listen to me let me stir day that by
fifty four to forty one percent
Americans across the board think that
Donald Trump is not standing up for US
interests most people in the United
States think that Putin has the good
some dirt on Trump so it's
not just me this is what the public
thinks look we live in an era right now
where we love to help me take something
where you have a legitimate right to be
upset but if you can really turn it up
if you can howl and wail and scream if
you can demand and require a screaming
room and a petting dog if you could howl
it and show this absolute out-of-control
histrionics maybe somebody will pick up
on that so I think that there are
segments of this country that used to be
the majority that see what they feel was
their country slipping away from them
the country you know within a few
decades is going to be majority
non-white and I do think that people
hear more so than was true 10 or 20
years ago read and talk to and watch on
television points of view that are just
like there so when they are exposed to
something that's different they take
offense because they think everybody
that they deal with things like they do
and when they hear something that's
different it puts them off do we have to
remind folks what this country was like
in the 50s with lynchings with separate
bathrooms with African Americans who
couldn't even sit at a lunch counter
civil rights violations this is peaches
and cream compared to what this country
sad to say was in the past
so if you think things are worse now
than it was 50 years ago 60 years ago
you need to review your history well
again I don't disagree don't I don't
compare people taking offence at flights
today to lynchings why do people feel
slighted by something that maybe they
would have let go you know I think that
there is again so much awareness in a
way that today then there was that there
used to be decades ago when we didn't
have the mass media people can kind of
aggregate to themselves and basically
decide well we're right and that person
who acted in a way
we don't approve of is wrong and that
somehow or other that infuses people's
thinking there is a heightened
everything today not not to say that
people don't have a right in many cases
to be upset but everything is overdone
because you're not going to get media
attention if you act reasonably and
proportionately
