the US is expanding its overseas
military presence
according to Marine Corps General Joseph
Dunford there are now three hundred
thousand personnel in 177 countries
that's up from 200 thousand last year
many of those troops are based in other
NATO countries I was included on most
35,000 in Germany twelve thousand in
Italy the US also operates numerous
bases in Asia in allied states including
Japan and South Korea and in war zones
such as Afghanistan well this comes
despite Donald Trump's pledge to end
America's role as the world's policeman
the we more and more are not wanting to
be the policemen of the world we're
spending tremendous amounts of money for
decades on policing the world and that
shouldn't be our priority well we cannot
bring in international criminal law
attorney Jennifer Breeden for her take
Jennifer always welcome to the program
hello there and only a few months ago we
heard the u.s. president say that he
doesn't want his country to be the
world's policeman why then do you think
we're seeing this expansion of overseas
military operations well I think we're
also looking at a continuation of
policies even from past administrations
so a couple months ago President Trump
had declared his intent something that
he wants to see which is the u.s. to not
be a policeman to not have this presence
but mostly within that speech Trump
talked about not wanting to fund the
organizations that such as NATO which
the US has been so deeply involved in
and instead focused more on its own
national issues and on national security
issues so I think we are seeing even if
there is an expansion as a general is
discussed or the number of troops
overseas we're seeing a continuation of
past policies despite the fact that
Trump has declared his intent to not
want to do that but of course we have
such a heavy bureaucratic system in the
United States we're probably going to
see a lot of time that it takes for
Trump to change some of those policies
in role things back this all has to be
paid for doesn't it of course US
military spend four
strips the rest of the world combined it
does beg the question why do taxpayers
put off with it
they really don't and again that's a
great question because I think that's a
lot of the reason that Donald Trump was
elected in the first place is because
American taxpayers are waking up after
years of being asleep at the wheel
saying wait what's going on here we
don't want that and and that's why he
was elected on promises like that we're
gonna stop doing this we're gonna stop
putting millions of dollars into groups
like NATO for what reason because you
know a lot of times it's putting United
States in a worse situation
diplomatically and in foreign policy
areas than we really need him we have
issues here on at home and domestically
in the United States so that is why he
was elected I think these declarations
of intent on Trump's part of not wanting
to be that person anymore wanting to
roll back some of the presents is is
part of the reason telling the people
that voted for him I am I haven't
forgotten this I am still gonna work on
it but again there is this bureaucratic
machine from past foreign policies that
continue to do that when it comes down
to it Jennifer
is it politically possible for the Trump
administration or indeed future
administration's to reverse the trend
and slash military spending because
there's there's so much lobby groups
military machinery around this isn't
there that there's going to be so much
opposition there is and I think one of
the Mays basic failures is the fact that
there hasn't been a foreign policy
initiative in these avenues of self
sustainability we talked about wanting
to help other nations in Nigeria they'd
eaten desperate help training officers
against Boko Haram has pledged
allegiance to Isis and so we talk about
we want to help these nations but
instead we don't have we have very few
military policies and foreign policy
initiatives that help for self
sustainability saying hey welcome and
train you but our program is gonna be
set up that we're going to leave so that
you can handle yourself rather than
we're gonna hang around here just to see
what happens so if we can start to do
that I think it will be a little bit
more possible but right now we haven't
had State Department officials or
personnel willing to put up with self
sustainability and rather just putting
their claws and anything they can get
for as long as possible just your
thoughts on the big picture before we go
Jennifer how does the u.s. global
presence affect international peace and
stability I think it absolutely has a
good
if it's utilized the right way if you
have people in office positions as
officials if you have the right people
managing these things but say look we're
gonna be here for self-sustainability we
can work with our allies and we can even
work with other nations that are also in
the region to make sure that goals are
met for the people for the citizens for
their own self-determination rights but
recognizing that sometimes they do need
other nations coming in it's about being
smart it's about understanding how the
world works and not coming into another
country with other cultures to implement
u.s. cultures and laws that's one of the
biggest mistakes we've made in rule of
law development and so as long as we get
the right people in there and I think
Trump has tried to do a good job of
taking people out and putting other
people in but getting the right people
in official positions that say look
we're gonna respect your cultures we'll
come in and help but we're gonna work
with other people on the ground we're
not gonna spark any riots or anything
and we're gonna make sure we respect
your cultures live from Wisconsin
Jennifer Braden international criminal
law attorney thank you
you
