for centuries these works were
considered priceless treasures and
masterpieces and now they're contentious
well according to Facebook
it appears the platform's tick-box
approach to ads means it can't tell the
difference between arts and pornography
annoying art galleries and museums all
over Belgium open letter from visit
Flanders to Mark Zuckerberg about Rubens
breasts we have noticed that Facebook
consistently rejects works of art by our
beloved peter paul rubens even though we
secretly have to laugh about it your
cultural censorship is making life
rather difficult for us in the open
letter to the Facebook CEO they've even
our Zuckerberg to discuss the matter
over a Belgium beer so who is the 17th
century artist
well his Baroque style paintings are
famously known to feature nudes and
cherubs sometimes delicately draped with
cloth but this artistic taste is a big
no-no with the media giant strict
advertising rules this got the Flemish
tourists company thinking if he's not
appropriate for Facebook he's not
appropriate for you any of you have a
social media account yes we have to take
you away from the nudity paintings we
need to protect you against nudity
even if artistic in nature this includes
paintings focused on individual body
parts such as ABS buttocks or cleavage
I'm sorry but it's our policy so could
we put you here in front of this
painting it's for your own protection
money
you could live away from things thank
you very much Facebook has said it's
open to discussion but there is no
doubts this is great PR spin by museum
curators it is in fact possible to post
artistic nudes on Facebook if it's part
of an advert though it falls under
stricter guidelines and could be
rejected but Facebook might be playing
it safe for different reasons back in
2017 Facebook came into fire for failing
to remove sexual images of children and
also failing to stop leaks revenge porn
photos all their spot concerns over
Facebook's moderation system Facebook's
robotic censors flagger posts but it
appears it makes it hard to distinguish
between pornography and artistic nudity
but when it comes to exploitation though
you can be sure as a Facebook user
you'll be protected from art in the
video you just saw visitors to the
Rubens house in Antwerp were jokingly
prevented from seeing paintings by
Barack masters to protect them from
nudity the marketing director our visit
Flanders told us how people responded to
the prank
well they reacted very funny actually
because they were always aware that this
kind of artists or paintings are not
able to be shown on social media they
were not aware of it and actually we
were not aware of it either because we
have planned a whole campaign via
Facebook to make the world aware of 500
years of Flemish masters and it was only
in February that we found out that all
the nude in the paintings was blocked by
Facebook we absolutely know the rules of
Facebook and about advertising but we
would actually it's an open invitation
to Facebook to make them rethink the
rules that they have because we believe
that not showing the Newton paintings is
like covering up 500 years of our art
and and Western history I understand of
course they need to be very clear rules
and I'm very good at Facebook pays so
much attention but we think that it
might be possible to make a clear
distinction between
like Newton paintings or noot in art
which is completely different from from
Newt or pornographic nudes
you
