have us descend on all the needs and
requirements really puts a strain on the
embassy so we're very grateful
so here in Moscow I've had a series of
very comprehensive and I think very
productive discussions with Senior
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov Defense
Minister Sergei shoigu with my direct
counterpart to the secretary of the
russian national security council
nikolai plasma chef and with president
Putin's the part appearance advisor
ambassadors
this was the second meeting especially
with secretary Patrick chef following up
on the meeting in Helsinki between
President Putin President Trump in their
instructions to us and our colleagues on
our respective national security
councils to look at ways to enhance the
practical cooperation and dispassionate
dialogue between Russia
that Virginia stated without community
so we had discussions that covered the
whole range of issues with different
certain respects depending on who we
were speaking with from the Russian side
but just to give a couple of highlights
of what we covered involving discusses
the president putin said in the opening
of the meeting today that press was
there that his words now would be useful
to continue a direct dialogue with the
president of the united states primarily
on the fields of international events
that will take place in the near future
for example in paris of course if the
american side is interested in these
contacts presence animatic
doesn't project these would look forward
to meeting with in the parish so we will
make precise arrangements one that
doesn't happen in connection with me 100
dinosaur that was killed with machetes a
customer that so much of eastern India
or some fellas national ravaging
incidentally domestic business
relationship
Bellucci poly is not stitches and
progenitor mostly just La Guardia
resolution
the stage he gets really
raineesha deforestation yeah
NASA Spitzer and Bosnia among the issues
we discussed where we agreed that we
have more discussion actually the
coordination in American policy he knows
that that is this is a city we discussed
again following on from conversations to
Helsinki and then
can evil with secretary Proctor chef we
agreed that the Russian u.s.
counter-terrorism dialogue at the level
of the Deputy Secretary of State Vice
foreign minister in Russia would begin
again in December we'll fix the exact
dates but this counterterrorism dialogue
with you is very important the
complement a new course with the
resumption of
the dialogue on captive narcotics the
glade was together
we might see later four thousand
sometimes I busted
on another subject president president
trap discussing how stinky we read that
the meeting of the first feeding of
joint u.s. Russian business castle
we discussed our continuing concern with
Russian meddling and elections and why
it was particularly harmful to
russian-american relations without
producing anything for them in return
and we had lengthy conversations about
arms control issues the new strategic
landscape and the president's decision
to define the Aeneid of both upstairs
and least
about Virginia II thought you wedding it
will Edition you to suggest them down
funky he's been the border city what I
get that
so with that let me turn it over to
moderators happy to answers
so one of the next
the
agreeing on some sort of tutorial
deployment of missiles so what's next
well I think we're a long way from any
decisions those kinds of questions I
think it's important from our
perspective as president Trump said on
Saturday said again yesterday to deal
with the question of aggression
violations the INF treaty it's a
physician Russian Russia doesn't agree
with you feel very strongly about it was
a major factor in our decision to
withdraw I might say
the context involved here this is not a
subject that grows yesterday this
question of Russian violations it's long
and deep and something that we're very
concerned about back just a little
context a would like to read from a
speech in 2015 by the Obama
administration's then Undersecretary of
State for arms control and international
security Rose Gottemoeller that's a
position I held with the Bush
administration and this this is what
Under Secretary Gottemoeller said in
yes sir study as well so I'm quoting
rose here and he said Russia tested
starting in 2008 a ground-launched
cruise missile that flies to ranges
banned by the treaty banned ranges are
between 500 and 5,500 kilometers we are
quite sure they have tested a capability
that applies to those ranges and they
tried to get away with and we call them
on it starting in May 2013 and we've
been butting heads ever since gravity
robust giovani a cat or a mobile sleep
it's not as pioneers as shown
I see with our skirts at the jeannine
yummy
because I de Medici Dibble Jeff my
traditional
Buddha is machine etc meaning will not
reduce pouring and I'd also direct your
attention to the compliance reports that
are filed annually by the State
Department available on their website
beginning with combined to the work of
2014 cover two point thirteen and which
referred in 2013 right up to the present
day
there is another aspect other countries
like China North Korea and others for
example China somewhere between 1/2
Chester Gomorrah this movie they were
super into the river a solution if I
wish explicitly that means the action is
you know it's either : you know events
with dementia so there's a new strategic
reality out there this is a cold war
bilateral ballistic missile-related
treaty and a multipolar on this latter
point of or complicated global strategic
environment
- something that concerns the Russians
very substantial each stock I said
enormous induction Reserve policy needs
to do that assistance in each piece
about say Christianity
maybe the u.s. mini south of Europe but
the problem is there are Russian INF
file
in your map the threat is not American
withdrawal may I have create thread of
Russian is the thread as the Russian
missiles Rosie
thank you have time try housekeeping the
Washington Post so to follow up on that
did you discuss the possibility of a
modified INF treaty that would include
other countries were with that question
another way if Russia were to come back
into compliance with that I am would you
support any way and just do a form of
withdrawal no this was my absolute
steamers which is mania at the Rotunda
aura yesterday rescue group audience as
very business around
with respect to the clients is the
position it's not like this now on the
conceptual possibility of universalizing
the tree yes that's something that we
thought of as far back as 2004 and some
efforts were made to see if it might be
possible to extend the training ban and
shortly thereafter they all failed
would sleep over this is useful idea of
such Demian Schneider you think about
was worthless gee I didn't I watched as
you can see just with it I think the
past two days
China has issued a statement that says
it wants the United States to stay in
the INF treaty and if I were living in
Beijing I probably think the same thing
cuz that's you know I haven't in fact it
possibly mean
patios burst of seasonal dish that
estoppel is available and Ursula just
now established a civilian
and in terms of filing the formal notice
of withdrawal that has not been filed
it'll be filed and of course I got you
again from the example of the AVM tree I
was first remember this very bitterly I
was due to fly to Moscow on September
the 11th 2001 I came later in the week
on a government plane that's when we had
the first discussions on the subject and
we filed our notice of withdrawal my
memory serves me some time in the second
homicide
it was the mania over that is the member
of the board said Lavinia neighborhood
still have Nathan eliminated also
Catherine Yahoo I even the National the
East River is the governor copper oh
yeah those were really chips when I
suppose it sincerely
Roberto Canessa dialysis
yeah bullet shell must polish in
proportion stuff smothered city
yesterday nice linear polish to assign
as a linear way visible
yes
I'd rather keep the questions on the
subject that the meetings here in
Washington but that subject did come up
and I can tell you we're looking at the
statutory obligations we have in light
of the chemical weapons attack in
we may experience
sorry it's what you already mentioned
that you discussed with President Lee to
the melting of a rough track in a u.s.
election do you think that Russia is
melted in job next month midterm
elections and what steps is planned to
India Russia from these steps is
commercial messages
well I can say we're obviously
monitoring potential for foreign
interference in our elections across the
board very closely
FBI director Christopher ray said that a
month ago that we didn't detect anything
like the level of involvement in 2016
but as he pointed out that could change
with one keystroke we have two weeks to
go until the election
but it's worth noting that presidents
require
we were all sitting business together
with in Amalapuram conditions
that you discussed with anything now
Russia during a visit to Russia in Syria
have discussed possible cooperation on
Italy with Russian counterparts and the
second one I know it wasn't maybe the
part of coffee meetings bi-dimensional
yes the interview so two are going to
revise your
it was like Eva
with respect to idli we discussed it in
I think every meeting that I had
reiterated what President Trump has said
about the significance of avoiding a
humanitarian catastrophe thereby the
resumption of hostilities
agreement between Russia Syria Turkey is
holding for now although there remain a
very large number of unresolved issues
and perhaps most importantly it live is
obviously only one piece of the Syrian
conflict which is incredibly complicated
with a large number of forces crammed
into a very small space so it's one of
the reasons why we thought it was
important
who has conversation to see if we can't
look at Syria more comprehensible and
that's something I think we see is in
the interest of an overall resolution of
the problem but particularly in light of
Iranian involvement in Syria across Iraq
right through to Lebanon and Iran's
continued online behavior across the EU
I thought the first warning light is
detected without new procedure
Saudi Arabia I did brief president but
the president prompted others in the
administration secretary of state by
cocktail
CIA director Gina Haskell and others
yeah
since I've been over here soon for
meetings in Moscow the last two days
rather not comment on further except
perhaps to refer you to vice-president
Pence's comments a few hours ago which I
think are the most recent most senior
level America yeah breathe but NATO is
again
la cerva Chicago say 'ya hu a race
across Alaska was Maddox is that that
she believed that the will is very busy
gentle political pundit is which so
above the shoe boxes down the scale
mr. Bester you mentioned its attempts to
universalize I had failed in the past
and I wondered then what what options
are available going forward and what
will you say then to allay concerns and
States and Russia and Europe this opens
the door to
well I think it's important first to
look at the reality that the treaty is
outmoded being violated
by other countries the responsibilities
are not repeated and I suppose the
governor borough salsa the network with
stereo eat that I were a man about the
way the third year since his so he stood
yes we agree nyan with an astronomical
unit
I think it's also important to avoid
some of the rhetoric of people who are
comfortable with the treaty and
in 2001 we used to have a joke with
respect to the ABM Treaty that on
computer screens in media all over the
world
whenever somebody typed the ABM Treaty
of 1972 there was a key that the
reporter only had to hit for one key and
we typed out the cornerstone of
international strategic stability over
the water patrol who was not a problem
ship computer facility depressed yes the
money which are basically
it's like one word the m3 e92 the
national stability so if you take away
the cornerstone the entire recession
okay I think we have time for two more
restore yeah pretty much
so I don't need Bob Scheer this valley
is the over get up description is
something but it failed so does this
mean that they should the Russia should
have done something else
but it's the effort along the interfere
in our objective in our elections that
our affection the fact was that the
outcome we've been exactly the same by
all the evidence we have and if they
were evidence to the contrary we would
have heard it by now what the meddling
did create was distrust and animosity
within the United States and
particularly made it almost impossible
for two years for the United States and
Russia to make progress didn't Matic
that so that's a huge loss to both
countries but particularly to Russia so
it's a lesson I think don't mess with
American
not everybody who silica will
appropriately
season
yesterday this compassionate
- - yes you know some alumnus to at the
machete stole a box available consistent
initiative eating and appearance of the
such 'no freshman and watson in english
that he some anomalous pacinian bravo
the vinius madrid that since negative
with much progress
just fall off on this last question
so what approves is so little that
compression melons that do they have
because as it seems he is curious
community hasn't
the same thing and all the 20
medli also like just to check if the
latest acquisitions against women in war
or person very close to present question
who main is it's a signal that we may
see a sentence based on the only real
connections with people
thank you very much insidious agenda
started I think the cosmetics to us we
shall just see we were eight percent
which he for is with that
in every capacity initiative corporate
with issues and that's the world
wouldn't see a possibility
I guess the energy
the cleats yesterday at the official
capacity
well of course we only know when to what
has been disposed publicly in the form
of dates and related information but
certainly taking what we've seen so far
there's no possibility that the outcome
of the election
we change the new information comes to
light obviously Parsons business leaders
share importance conventional cosmology
I think perhaps a 15-4 maths editor its
geopolitical a beautiful duster the
javelin originally means yes - if I have
a better mobile format that comes Alicia
that definitely Beijing in those and
that applies to the indictment of the
internet research Association accountant
that was just released you go back and
read that carefully time periods in the
young in the human the human tonight
she's dead but should any of us here
and if you want to talk about a really
massive influence effort on the American
political system as in cash you read
vice president Texas speech on China's
efforts his speeches three or four weeks
ago looking at everything that China was
doing a very very senior US intelligence
official said it makes rush to look like
the character parson he
whose new charity would eat you aboard
our champions in America that the
reading readiness at home I die just by
William massive ain't even attack people
- eatable Spanish tapas readiness
temperatures in you - did I receive
