welcome to the Kaiser report on max
Kaiser all kinds of exciting stories
developing right before your very eyes
hey max I want to say I don't mean to
toot our own horn but I'm going to we
were right and BBC Newsnight were wrong
and that is according to Bloomberg and a
former IMF official and they say
basically Kaiser report was right news
night was wrong
news night was wrong not only like once
but like two three four or five six
times in a row back in 2014 the with the
introduction of sanctions against Russia
and the tumble of the ruble well during
that time BBC Newsnight said there would
be a current account crisis there would
be a debt crisis and basically Russia
would default and we covered this story
we had Liam Halligan on a Telegraph
journalist and we had Constantin GERD
give and it was episode six nine five
and this is December 20th 2014 and
here's a short clip of Liam Halligan
talking about the nerves of steel coming
from the Kremlin I actually think even
though the current the the interest rate
move that we have seen has been dramatic
from ten and a half to seventeen of
course the sixth interest rate rise so
far this year the central bank hasn't
actually fired its big guns yet we have
had a little bit of currency
intervention it's mainly been the
conversion of the Ministry of Finance is
existing on the book surplus from rubles
into from dollar story into rubles
you've also got the reserves the
so-called Stabilization Fund a
Stabilization Fund that was created for
more revenues over the last few years
precisely for this moment we've only
seen single-digit billions used from
that and that's why a lot of people have
been so we got 280 and they still didn't
fire the big bazooka it suggests to me
that there's some pretty strong nerves
at the Kremlin at the moment so the
Kremlin had nerves of steel back then
and we reckoned they would survive
BBC didn't reckon they were survived
and then we're gonna get into a headline
from Bloomberg saying actually they did
very well there you have an agenda over
there the BBC and we also have an agenda
it's called truth and we just look at
the numbers and we give you the
unvarnished view of how gravity works in
the universe as it relates to the
economy
they were basically blinded by some sort
of hysteria they were wrong here's one
area where Russia beats the u.s. by
several key measures it has the world's
best economic management says the imf's
former top man in the country martin
gilman he spent twenty four years at the
International Monetary Fund much of it
as the funds man in Russia before during
and after the country's defining crisis
of the late 1990s a devaluation and
default that reverberate around the
world since 2005 he's been a professor
of economics at Moscow's higher School
of Economics and a well-connected
observer of the government's policies so
Bloomberg asks them how does Russia's
economic management today differ from
what it was back then and he answered
that well it's much better largely
because so many of the people now in
charge experienced that crisis for
instance the head of the central bank
Elvira and Abu lana was a deputy economy
mr. Alexei Kudrin a close Putin advisor
and chairman of the accounts for chamber
was a deputy finance minister German
Gref the chief executive officer of the
state-controlled spur Bank was a deputy
minister of state property these people
want to make sure that it never happens
again on their watch so long as this
economic team is in charge there won't
be another debt crisis in Russia people
criticize us or they question us and
they want to know why we're not more
quote critical at Russia the real
question is how come we're not Tooting
Russia's horn more because they are Ben
genius during this crisis but that would
be I think a little bit you know over
the top to simply point out all the good
things that they're constantly doing so
we just try to take a more balanced
middle-of-the-road approach that's you
know the fact is that they're making all
these other economies look stupid by
comparison certainly elvira Nabiullina
as martin gilman goes on to say he says
they have really brought home the lesson
of that crisis consider the oil shock of
2014 and 2015 as the price dropped by
more than 50%
the central bank protected its foreign
reserves by allowing the rubles exchange
rate
against the dollar to fall politically a
very brave move and they had the
Stabilization Fund which insulates the
economy from the oil market by calling
excess revenue when prices are high in
providing support when prices are low we
mentioned that on our show there were
actually a lot of comments if you go
back and look they're saying that was
propaganda you know this is part of this
whole cold war but they were saying it's
propaganda if you watch all those news
nights from that week Evan Davies who's
an economist by the way I'm not a
trained economist he's a trained
economist he never mentioned this stuff
so you have to question who was the one
that got it right we got it right based
on just looking at the numbers we we
mentioned that well they you know when
they had the debt crisis in 98 they had
debt so we were asking where is the debt
like show us the debt we're like where's
the beef because they kept on saying
there's gonna be a debt crisis but based
on what like there was no debt so we
were right they were wrong well yeah a
lot of lessons were learned in the late
90s 98 crisis and country started to
build up their reserves to give
themselves a cushion against these types
of the fluctuations and the other thing
that people should be aware of and we'll
say it again and I'm sure nobody will
follow up on the BBC or anyone other
news outlets that Russia has been a huge
buyer of gold why are they doing that
why is China buying so much gold it's
because they see that the US dollar will
lose global supremacy at some point and
that has wide scale ramifications when
it happens all these news outlets will
say oh my god we never saw this coming
oh why who's who's behind all this is it
a paranoid conspiracy theory now once
again we're trying to alert you what's
going on and give you the reasons why
looking at just baseline numbers and
economics anecdotal evidence just what
have the courage to see what's directly
in front of your face that's what Warren
Buffett is courageous in that he he's
willing to invest in the blindingly
obvious I mean that's what we try to do
he's like this is blindingly obvious
just state what's there well at that
time when we did this report and it was
a to experts on both halves we had Liam
Halligan and who had lived in Moscow for
a long time and he was he's an economist
and he speaks on economic matters for
the Telegraph and we had Konstantin Gore
give another economist he was at turn
they college dublin at that point and
now he's teaching out in california and
we were i was open to hearing whatever
was gonna happen you know we asked them
Newsnight saying there's gonna be a
current account crisis a current payment
a balance of payments crisis what's
gonna happen and they disagreed based on
what their understanding with classical
liberal economics and here the IMF guy
who went through the ninety-eight he is
the one in charge of the IMF who dealt
with a debt crisis of 98 and he was
saying here he also says russia was
right i was wrong when he says that in
2004 when Kudrin first proposed the
stabilization fund on the Norwegian
model the IMF advised against it we
thought that in terms of governance
transparency and corruption Russia was
closer to Nigeria than Norway so the
first priority was to build the
institutions before trying to be Norway
and by god kujan proved us wrong because
they bought the nonsense they bought the
propaganda that the Russia was closer to
Nigeria you know then Norway no in fact
Russia's closer to Norway and they've
got this stabilization fund and the
account
you know Putin took the economy from
under 200 billion GDP that close to two
trillion in gdp he wants to take it to
four trillion in GDP how do you get
there through trade not through anything
that the rachel maddow
or the Hollywood elite are suggesting
that he is all paranoid lis scheming to
do he's not doing anything he just wants
to grow the economy it's like remember
were Americans to me a growth situation
people used to like to grow the economy
and be honest and trustworthy I mean
that's what Russia is now it's like
America in the 50s and America has
become the Soviet Union of the 50s
it's complete role reversal actually you
mentioned Nigeria and this guy had
mentioned Nigeria and we did ask during
that time because Newsnight did not want
cover Nigeria who actually is very close
to the United Kingdom and there are a
lot of Nigerians who moved to the United
Kingdom it's a relationship there and
Nigeria actually did suffer greatly
during the oil price collapse so their
currency collapse even more they had a
lot of debt they had a difficult
situation at the time now it's obviously
better the world oil markets have
recovered and we're glad they've
recovered but here he's saying as we
the growth because you talk about growth
in Russia he said Russia is an old
industrial economy it's not one of those
places where you have a lot of peasants
coming into the mainstream workforce you
can't expect it to grow at very
significant real rates particularly
given that it's stuck in a world economy
where nobody is growing significantly
but an important aside this is from the
IMF guy okay this guy's an IMF official
one can't know the future
what if investors wake up to the
financial profligacy of the US and other
Western nations where government debts
are at historical highs and budget
discipline is not great after the crash
who is going to look good can you name
one g20 country with almost no debt
positive real interest rates a flexible
exchange rate significant foreign
exchange reserves and a very prudent
macroeconomic policy so you know
Russia's General Electric and America's
pets.com you know they mean Russia's
generating consistent earnings growth
inch by inch by engineer they manage
that and it looks like a right as
mentioned debts very low gold reserves
are building up and you know Jim Rogers
our friend of many years has been saying
this for the last ten years he's been in
Bac investing in Russia he'll give you
you know chapter and verse exactly why
this has been a great economy to invest
in yeah and probably the ruble is
probably cheap on the forex market and
it's all there later Jim Rickards has
always talked about it and as Nabiullina
Alvira
here's again what he says this is also
mirrors exactly what our experts in the
second half konstantin goethe give had
said is that she was following exactly
to a tee what classical economics would
teach you to how to respond to this
crisis during the financial crisis for
russia 2014 exactly the opposite of how
the rest of the global central banks
responded to the financial crisis of
2007 to 2009 he said so when Nabiullina
goes to the central bank governors
meetings in Basel she's the one
preaching orthodoxy almost all central
banks have either negative interest
rates very low interest rates or some
kind of extraordinary monetary
accommodation and he
you've got the Central Bank of Russia
with the highest real interest rates in
the g20 they are pursuing what the IMF
would call a classic conventional policy
we said that at the time that it was a
classic conventional policy this is how
you would respond but you can't have
capitalism without capital and you can't
have capital without an interest rate
sufficient to attract the savers without
savers you don't have an economy and
that's what they're doing in Russia in
America and elsewhere in the world
they're think that you don't need savers
you don't need wages you don't need
workers you can take interest rates down
to zero you can rely entirely on mergers
and acquisitions and accounting fraud is
the Bernie Madoff model in America
versus you know Eisenhower in Russia
actually if you can learn from disasters
so they went through a disaster genuine
disaster in 98 Russia did and they
learned from that so we went through a
disaster here as well during the dot-com
crash and the 2007 eight-nine crash we
could have learned a lesson what we we
haven't however we just bailed out
everybody and we didn't learn hard
lessons because they made it you know
the central banks basically made the
system not take its medicine like if you
talk to any Russians that 98 was a
brutal brutal situation and they don't
want to ever repeat that here people
feel like well what was so bad about it
like we can repeat the crisis because it
wasn't so bad and we got free money
exactly right if you can't have hell
there is no such thing as Catholicism
if you can't have losers in a capitalist
society then you don't you have some
kind of socialist quagmire like
Venezuela which is like the US now
anyway we've got to take a break and
we'll come back so don't go away
welcome back to the cosmic port I'm Max
Keiser time now turn to Chris Whelan
chris Whelan author and banker I guess
yeah hey welcome back
hi max how's it going good staying cool
you know you predicted Trump would win
and now less than two years later he's
he's won over the world basically he's
got policies he's shaking things up he
has turned over the card table and he's
standing on top of it jumping up and
down yeah it's weird because all these
folks like in the so-called liberal
elite are very very upset like a Michael
Moore type because they've been revealed
as war mongers you have the left or the
worse really Soros well all of them are
quite amazing they they tend to be the
left is quite authoritarian at the end
of the day well they have to be because
as Margaret Thatcher said eventually you
run out of other people's money so you
got to put a gun to people said all
right so first let's talk trade war your
thoughts on Trump's trade war with China
Europe Canada and Mexico Chris domestic
politics mostly he's playing to the base
not only for this election coming up but
for the inevitable run for a second term
well markets are acting positively how
does that play well because it doesn't
really matter it's it's marginal the US
has a large trade relationship with the
rest of the world but it it's not going
to end our day one way or another and I
think the change that will occur over
the next few years a structural change
as a result of this is going to be
important of the US has been paying the
freight since World War two and then we
had the Cold War and we had to help
everyone so the Europeans never really
stood on their own they have not had to
spend money on defense right Air Force
why not just cut a NATO in half well no
I don't need to cut it in half you need
to make them rationalize it but what's
that what's the point of it it has no
use well I don't mean I'm going east
into another country's territory that in
this case what's the point of NATO is
that this function isn't worthless it's
an extension of the old model that's
correct
what model well British imperialism
followed by America they're practicing
they don't wanna be part of Europe there
they don't wanna be part of the world
anymore they just want to eat Marmite
and be left alone
no the Empire is gone but they have
pretended that it's still there I mean
look at Trump and the Queen what a great
picture point is you have this American
president who's still really doing the
bidding of the British Empire a hundred
years after we took the ball yeah why do
you say that that's obviously wrong
no the Brits lost Empire really at the
end of World War one and they became
they had to realize they were broke
because they are a parasitic Society
they don't really make stuff they're not
a manufacturing Society what do they
have not like British Petroleum the City
of London Lloyds one of the great
schemes of all time that's how they make
money
so now that they're worth leaving be you
know colony what are they nothing they
got Northern Ireland they can beat up on
Irish people and that will be about it
they will sail down into Falklands again
now they won't be deploying power in
East Asia it's a good time for the fuck
wants to go back to Argentina they could
if they wanted to I don't think anyone
cares that age is over but it's a
transition and the world economy is
going to change as well because if the
US says to the Chinese no you can't
steal our IP any more no we're not going
to allow you free access to the US
market unless you give us free access
okay so the us-china relationship is
fundamentally changing these are to the
ostensibly the maturing the two biggest
economies right so walk us through what
we'll see happening between these two
countries over the next couple of years
four years a lot of posturing a lot of
because trade is obviously changing with
with the tariffs that are going up I
mean this fundamentally changing the
cost will go on the Chinese are trying
to put tariffs on stuff they get from
the US but they don't get anything from
the US really so how do they do tit for
tat mean they can't there's an asymmetry
there they don't they don't fit together
well in terms of balance and the Chinese
also have dominated a lot of low and mid
in manufacturing but not the high-end
stuff if the US can still buy high-end
semiconductors from the Taiwanese for
example or the Koreans how much is it
going to matter
the Koreans will fill back out very
quickly thank you okay so on the global
trade front so China u.s. you you see
posturing but not a lot happened
what about us and the EU anything happen
it's more fun okay talk waka stir that
well with the British leaving with their
modest but still significant resources
the EU does it work max they just don't
have the money to subsidize everybody
especially the Italians who are a
festering wound you know they did want
that forgiveness they do want to issue
their own funny little currency which
will be printed like lottery tickets so
this is the end of this pretence called
the EU which really came about because
we didn't want to Europeans killing each
other anymore
is Germany Germany is the Bundesbank the
Bundesbank is the euro and the euro CP
and central bank is Germany and the
Bundesbank and they can print lots of
money and cover L'Occitane well the
Italian debt was high now it's low you
know they are there under leverage as
compared to the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York or the Bank of Japan the ECB is
relatively unleveraged no I don't I
don't agree the Germans and the French
are paying for everything they've had a
de facto union in fiscal they can expand
that bouncing on the ACB by another five
fifteen trillion euros and they will
okay so until you're at determine banks
and the French banks and the Dutch are
all ultimately underpinning this what
about the deutsche bank itself rumor is
then it's a basket case it's gonna
explode it's gonna go the way the Lehman
Brothers your thoughts a slow death so
that painful dwindling death because
business model that doesn't make sense
anymore what is their model well it was
london-based Capital Markets and
Investment Banking with this tiny rump
Bank back in Germany they don't have a
banking business in Germany so they have
to figure out what they want to do with
themselves
same thing with Citi I thought why don't
we marry them this wonderful German
American alliance but in both cases you
have businesses that are big fund
themselves off the markets they don't
have core deposits they don't have
stable funding the way a a Wells Fargo
has for example and so they have to
figure out a way to be profitable and
they haven't they've lost money for 10
years right well as Fargo's business
model is something other than stealing
money from clients I'm unaware of that
money with their own money they have
something other than just a larceny no
it's basic banking
same thing now you wrote the book
forward men yes now what do you say
about the reports that before it will
stop making cars and make only trucks
and suv's walk us through this they're
listening to the market the market wants
SUVs they what hybrids they want things
that look like could they came out of
that the Avengers or something cars are
really not popular and there are a
number of makers like Mercedes Audie
that still haven't gotten the message
strangely off Tesla one of my favorites
yeah but Ford that's their strength and
most of the trucks quote unquote that
they make or really cars you don't want
to take them off road you know don't
take them fishing in Maine
what's up with the car industry in
America so that mean that would be
involved in the trade war right I mean
they're the US exports a lot of cars but
the US has been on the losing end of
that for long time okay how does how
does that rewrite itself or what what
can be what is the remedy look Europeans
export cars free of that and then they
come into the US with no tariffs our
people on the other hand if we want to
export to Europe we get screwed because
we have to pay the VAT and we have a
tariff as well so how is that fair the
reality is the Europeans can't have fair
trade with the United States I couldn't
afford it so Trump's making a good point
there yes okay so the auto industry is
gonna support him a hundred percent
they've been waiting for him for twenty
years
Vanessa's bass Marcy Kaptur for example
in Ohio protectionist Democrat she will
be a hundred percent behind Trump she's
been waiting for this guy for decades
okay well that's a lot of voters
yes you mentioned the Carolinas everyone
Russ bells booming I mean the town is
that North Carolina is booming
looking at the Democrats today max I
think Trump gets reelected easily in
fact you could impeach him and he'd get
reelected easily right
okay so 2020 the odds on he's an odds-on
favorite I think so I mean he's so far
increased the employment numbers that's
right this whole bit how does Wall
Street how do the capital markets view
the meeting with Trump Putin how do they
see that I mean the reaction of media
doesn't appear to be much of a non-event
but what do you what are your thoughts
there it kind of reminds me of identity
politics the media keeps trying to weave
a connection between trade or connection
between you know
and Trump meeting and all addresses the
market shrug it off yeah the markets are
still feeding on the Fed and that's
slowly going away but you know 10 years
15 years are hitting ten-year highs and
higher you get the rates are going up to
2% 3% on these on this on this paper
deposit rates are going up well three
years ago if you were a big business and
you had cash balances they wouldn't give
you the time of day at JPMorgan
all right so Jamie Dimon is gonna call
you and say Thank You max and he's gonna
pay you LIBOR plus for that money that's
how much it's changed so you've added
two to three percent to the Vig that a
business will get from a bank compared
to a few years ago so the yield on these
cash instruments is now higher than the
dividends on the sp500 yes okay that's
the first time that's happened in a
while this is a lot happening the curves
already inverted a little bit now
according to the buffett model
evaluation you know you're looking at
yield and this type of thing
that would suggest that the stocks are
overvalued or people will take the money
off the table that they made earlier
this year and last year and stick it in
t-bills yeah right exactly I mean that's
what I did right portfolio if a lot of
people are doing this then you have a
rotation out of equity out of stocks yes
no I think yes and the only thing that
is holding it up frankly is buybacks
there's a huge amount of stock
repurchases this year yeah which most
retail investors don't understand but
the long and short of it is yeah rates
are gonna keep going up and when we see
the Treasury yield curve flat from
t-bills out to 10 years the feds gonna
have to blink right they're gonna have
to sit up I'm sorry we didn't mean that
because otherwise this thing is gonna
you know be in a recession by 2020
alright so bloomberg interviewed a
former IMF economist martin gilman who
says that the russian economy is
actually the best run of the big
economies pointing in particular to the
central bank of Russia's policies Chris
Whalen your thoughts Russia is still
basically an extractive economy they
make money on commodities they don't
have a big industrial base consumer base
though
yes okay but the point is is that when
you look at how they make money and how
they interact with other countries
that's still the story now they have to
during the debate actually if you listen
to that debate that a lot of stuff was
said other than the two or three words
that were highlighted okay one of the
things Putin said was that okay rush an
oil price if it gets too high it's bad
for them because it focuses too much
attention on the energy sector and they
need to diversify then if it gets too
low of course I change them of capital
reserves so there's a sweet spot where
the price of oil should be I mean that's
a remarkable kind of data point that
people need to keep in mind going
forward planning the economies of the
world and I cared the two biggest energy
producers in the world picking a spot
and they're holding the spot OPEC now is
is not a factor OPEC is in disarray and
I think the Russians very astutely are
trying to avoid what's happened both to
the Gulf states and Venezuela and other
countries where they just became
entirely dependent on energy they don't
think about diversifying anything if
something made the point that Russia is
sells something like fifteen billion
twenty billion into the US versus China
versus EU that could easily get to fifty
billion one hundred billion two hundred
billion dollars worth of Commerce
between these two countries that's a lot
of jobs for the America right so I mean
if you'd approach jobs I would think
people are gonna can't Trump just make
that point like you know what the
sanctions are stupid because we're gonna
export 200 billion into Russia that's
another anyway we gotta go we gotta go
Chris darn it love to pick this up on
the time thanks for being on the COS
report boomer alrighty that's gonna do
it for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me nice guys Rusty's here but the
thing or goes Chris Weiland did I catch
us on twitter it's Kaiser report until
next time oh yeah
