president Trump's former adviser Steve
Bannon has announced plans to spark a
right-wing revolution in Europe he wants
to create a new foundation promoting the
ideology the plans were revealed in an
interview with news website The Daily
Beast Bannon says he aims to rival the
impacts of Open Society Foundations set
up by liberal billionaire George Soros
valence foundation is called the
movement and is expected to have
headquarters in Brussels the
organization would offer polling
think-tank research and advice on
targeting European right-wing groups
these plans that sparked outrage among
some members of the European Parliament
an attack on freedom and democracy in
Europe will all not stand idle we will
respond we have to fight now with good
arguments confidence and truth
it's a frontal attack on the EU and
European values George Soros has spent
billions to promote leftist ideas for
years
for example funding pro-eu campaigns by
supporting a second brexit referendum we
asked mep Stelio scholar glue from the
syriza party what he thinks of bannon's
initiative what is wrong with promoting
an alternative does it not challenge
views so you get debate you get
conversation instead of name-calling
people in the United States are ask you
to follow the money so where the money
how who is going to find us this obscure
movement which is a movement rather for
the division of Europe and note court of
the unity of Europe right could that
argument not be made to George Soros as
well why shouldn't these parties and
groups who have support of large Suede's
of the population get some help
from the outside the same way that the
left has been getting help from Soros
another like-minded billionaires this is
not the poem there yes if we know where
the money comes from they can finance
themselves but they they are financing
their exams for what they are in favor
for the rich they are in favor you know
for the privileged they are available
for the you
Chris yes well that's not really our on
the working class Delia's is that
there's a lot of working-class people
who fear that their jobs are being
taking by possibly by immigrants
possibly by other forces at play and
they're voting for who they think will
be able to solve those concerns and at
the moment across Europe in many
countries it's not the left they need an
alternative well yes this is this is a
problem shortcoming of the left of
course I admit that there is no you know
it's but it's very easy to be demagogue
you know to say to find scapegoats
whether escape coffees mr. Soros or the
scapegoat is the refugees there are
white workers they are voting for the
extreme right and we saw it in in the
United States and also in Britain with
the brexit but now there is you don't
have to be an extreme right winger to
have views on immigration do you when
you're seeing so many people coming from
North Africa and sub-saharan Africa into
your nation that they did not vote for
well if you see so many people come in
from different places you have to to ask
why yeah and the people you know they
are coming from foreigners from Middle
East which are quality people are
political refugees there are people we
United States Great Britain and after
people bombarded you know they destroyed
the countries and now they are denying
any an historical and political
responsibility and this is the same and
the same goes for the food people not
refugees parameters come from Africa who
devastated Africa for decades or
centuries
you know they reach European countries
they have to take their historical
responsibility for that
you
