Chinese President Xi Jinping is in
Rwanda as part of a four-nation trip to
Africa to establish deeper trade ties he
earlier visited Senegal which is the
first West African country to be
involved in China's belt and road
infrastructure project Beijing has been
expanding its presence in Africa in
recent years in 2016 alone China
invested 39 billion dollars in the
continent bringing the total to more
than 200 billion but the initiative
hasn't been without its critics the u.s.
thinks the countries are not prepared
for such huge investment and may end up
deeply in debt to China however recent
offensive remarks from Donald Trump have
strained relations with the continent
the president of the United States is
racist he really is the devil this is an
actual quote from the actual president
this is the gift that he decided to give
the American people they're not whole
countries for one Donald Trump isn't
their president
political analysts we spoke to think
that countries in Africa are turning to
China because of US government policies
the United States has a very small
outlook towards Africa and the rest of
the world they do not want to invest in
infrastructure which is long-term
investments but it improves the entire
economy and they haven't the basic
attitude of the United States especially
which I'm I know well is to make money
to make double-digit profits overnight
they're not interested in the long-term
development of the country that's why
the United States and the West nope no
railroad - they've been built with
China's help China has built the new
energy hydro energy plants China has
built the new ports and there's many
more things that they're working on in
of course Africa assessment so the
problem is that the West expansion is
not really thinking power to developed
is confident to think in terms of how do
we make some fast bucks as we say in the
United States these United
its influence on Africa was already
dwindling being well before Donald Trump
came into the play and it will continue
to dwindle because of some of his
comments his attitude towards Africans
and his position on Africa in general he
is only interested in military bases and
Africans I'm afraid are very much
interested in in partnership and those
that take them seriously
and and of course like a liberalized
continent its voting with his feet and
is changing the United States in every
sector that I know of in favor of the
Chinese oh and of course China already
had a huge presence and an influence and
that influence has just grown to levels
for which even if the Americans were to
try now unlikely to ever catch the
Chinese in my lifetime
you
