people in Bristol in southwest England
are divided over a plan to add a plaque
to a statue that commemorates a 17th
century merchant involved in the slave
trade
Edward Colston is a prominent figure in
the city's history for his philanthropy
however much of his wealth was acquired
through the Royal African company which
was involved in the slave trade
residents say people need to be more
aware of Colston's past and are
demanding a plaque mentioning his role
in the slave trade with many now also
calling for the statue to be removed
altogether we spoke to racial equality
campaign ally Jasper and Steven Morris
from the English Democrats why have we
got the statue of a man who sold over
millions of Africans into bondage and
slavery rips African babies from their
mothers breasts separated families
killed maimed and murdered millions of
Africans but he gave some money to
charity so we should have a statue of
him in our town square we have to look
at the full history of the slave trade
and this was going on for thousands of
years before Europeans arrived where
Africans were enslaved in Africans and
selling them to the Arabs way before we
got there and it's actually quite unfair
to judge the past by today's standards
and today's morals so for me it's it's
part of the history but it really got to
be showing the full history of what was
going on at the time and not just to be
a seen as an anti European issue against
the slave trade when the slave trade was
very predominant across the entire
continents at that time so for me yeah
look at the history but we've got to put
it into context actually the 50 million
people for what we know we design and
find it that they're historians of the
time are all consensual around that
figure so I think it's you need to get
your facts straight it all depends what
the plaques going to be saying because
you've got to put things into context of
what was happening at the time
now you're the guess is just going on a
complete and utter random and whatever
AG whatever point he was trying to put
forward
whatever argument he was trying to put
forward has actually been lost in his
actual rant
now you're the guests this man is a
raisin granted that's what that plaque
whatever trying to put forward you're
going to put a historic plaque there
then you have to make sure that you put
it into context of what was happening
around the world
we shouldn't be imagining and
celebrating Coulson it should be either
a Bristol Museum of shame which he can
go in and all the other colonial aspects
and relics of the past can go in but
either way it should be contextualized
as the most horrific period in Bristol's
history you cannot judge historical
events by today's standards you have to
look at what was going on at the time
and more blacks was enslaved by blacks
than they were by the Europeans so he
needs to why Artie why are you
subjecting me to the most ignorant and
base racist rewrite a B Street here we
go to name white man who's got no idea
now he's making ravemon more black was
enslaved by blacks than they were by the
Europeans so he needs to image to
actually look and stop being very
hypocritical
you
