praise that this massive relocation
effort has received in the West from
some of the most senior people in charge
seems absolutely unanimous
it is a chorus but barely any one of
those joining in the course has actually
spoken to civilians on the ground and
Artie has done that and I'll tell you
what there is a rather strong contrast
between what the big names are saying
now and the things that we heard when we
talked to these Syrians but I do want to
join you heiko in celebrating the
fantastic news that we've been able to
get these brave people and their
families out of Syria after the
extraordinary work they've done saving
lives the video shows them helping the
people but they only help their own
rebel fighters their relatives those
close to them the last thing they cared
about is civilians reminds our
mid-course Battalion together with Great
Britain but also our Canadian and
American friends and partners we
campaigned for the evacuation of the
white helmet and are very grateful now
that this was successful and that some
of these people and their families can
be accommodated here in Germany well no
one did anything of humanitarian
concerns it was all about money they
joined the white helmets and others only
for money no one cared about the Syrian
people and what was the urgency behind
this relocation well right now these
hearing government troops are making
some serious advances in the south of
the country and that's where areas have
long been held by the militants that are
seeking to overthrow the Assad
government and I can tell you that there
have already been attempts a successful
attempts I should say to move some of
these rebels to the country's north
where areas are held by some elements of
the Syrian opposition but now it seems
it is turned to relocate the white
helmets although they are being moved
abroad and this is perhaps another sign
that these people have long had some
political connections with the West and
after all it is no secret that the group
is being kept afloat with cast from
Western countries
in some cases that's taxpayers money
which means millions of dollars and the
white helmets have been working very
hard on building and maintaining not
just a positive image but an image of
heroes their networking their PR efforts
efforts to visualize their rescue
activities are really impressive but all
of this may backfire if you cheat all
that was used in April by those trying
desperately to prove that the Assad
government use chemicals against
children and Duma was a white helmets
video but later the very same people who
featured in it insisted that the entire
rescue operation after the chemical
attack was staged we were in the
basement and then heard someone outside
scream go to hospital we were scared
they started to pour water on me I don't
know why they did this you can easily
think of other controversies for
instance videos with jihadists holding
executions and then suddenly out of
nowhere men wearing white helmets
emblems showing up or videos when people
wearing white helmets were waving
al-qaeda flags plus you can just take a
look at some of the things our
correspondent saw when he tried to trace
the footsteps of the notorious group on
the ground in Syria here's what you'll
find in one of the rooms of the former
white helmets headquarters here in
Bustan al-qasr aleppo bomb elements
fiends as well as detonators hundreds
and hundreds of empty bullet casings
this was by all appearances a weapons
factory a bomb-making factory over here
shrapnel this is what they put in bombs
to cause horrendous casualties over
there you'll see an industrial mixer
again what they use to mix chemicals and
gunpowder so clearly there's a lot of
inconsistencies here how these concerns
been ignored by Western governments
altogether no not in all cases you may
remember when the white helmets won an
Oscar for a documentary about the things
they were doing that's when their leader
was invited to the US for the award
ceremony but then he was banned from
entering the country and that was
something that led to a rather awkward
situation at a US State Department
briefing is the US taxpayer supporting a
group whose leader you have banned from
coming to the States
I mean if you have reason to revoke his
visa that he could be a security threat
or something like that
why would again you need to support but
again I'm trying to separate this
individual from saying that basically he
is suspect that his group is not well
again I can't speak to the specific
allegations against him that no I'm
sorry
so it might indeed get complicated when
it comes to some elements of the white
helmets group and the security back home
you
