the Israeli Prime Minister says that his
country initiated the evacuation of the
controversial white helmets group from
Syria
at the request of Donald Trump and other
Western allies the white helmets operate
in rebel-held areas and have been linked
to jihadist groups yamaja deem it
several days ago President Trump
contacted me as did Canadian Prime
Minister Trudeau and others and
requested that we assist in evacuating
hundreds of white helmets from Syria
these are people who have saved lives
and whose lives were in danger
therefore I approved their passage
through Israel to other countries as an
important humanitarian gesture as well
evacuated over 400 members of the group
and their families to neighboring Jordan
after Canada Britain and Germany
reportedly agreed to accept at least
some of them as refugees Syrian
government forces have launched an
offensive against militants in the south
of the country where members of the
group were located the white helmets
described themselves as a civil defense
organization saying their mission is to
save the lives of ordinary people in
Syria
however they faced wide criticism in
particular over funding as most of it
comes from the US and other Western
countries
in addition to the evacuation of the
white helmets the area has seen hundreds
of militants and their families moved to
the rebel-held north the evacuation
comes as the Syrian army advances along
the country's southern border with
Jordan the area has long been held by
Western backed militants seeking to
overthrow President Assad Vanessa Bailey
who's an independent investigative
journalist wonders why the white helmets
are more privileged when it comes to
evacuation than ordinary Syrian
civilians this is an exceptional
evacuation it's an exceptional
evacuation for an exceptional
organization created by the
Exceptionalist regimes in the United
States and in the UK and in the EU the
NATO member states but also supported by
particularly Qatar and Saudi Arabia we
saw protests by the UN agencies or
demand rather that the white helmets be
evacuated and given priority in effect
over civilians and that's what we're
seeing now we're saying Syrian civilians
being laughed at the border of Israel
and the border of Jordan while the white
helmets are again being given
exceptional progress through those two
countries and on to the countries that
are supposedly going to host them
you
