yeah mr. Pompeo I'd like to go back to
this issue and it's transparent to our
national tragedy in the Technical
College of carriage we have received a
large number of messages expressing
their support and condolences
these were the words of true compassion
towards our country I would like to
express my gratitude once again to
everyone to ordinary citizens to the
authorities to journalists to the
international organizations large number
of words of sincere support have been
received thank you very much now let us
move on to the traditional topics the
minister's agenda on the 26th of October
Moscow will host a meeting between the
head of the Russian Foreign Minister
Sergey Lavrov will the foreign minister
of Kyrgyzstan jingis Hydra back off this
will be the first contact between the at
the Foreign Ministries of the two
countries after the appointment of mr.
drew back up on the 17th of October they
are expected to discuss the upcoming
events at the highest level as well as
the matters of bilateral cooperation and
exchange opinions on the current
international and regional issues the
Russian Foreign Ministry is assured that
the ministers meeting will from all the
implementation of the agreements reached
at the highest level as well as help
building up the bilateral relations in
the intense political dialogue
reflecting the good dynamic of strategic
partnership between our two countries
the 26th of October I also see meeting
between Russian head of the Foreign
Ministry with the president of the
Syrian opposition
folks committee in astral Hariri they're
expecting substantial talk on the
situation in Syria in order to settle
the crisis in the country through
inclusive intra-syrian dialogue based on
the resolution 2254 of the UN Security
Council keeping in mind the results of
the Congress of Syrian national dialogue
in Sochi the priority topics for
discussion with the Syrian delegation
include the efforts to create a
constitutional committee as well as
eliminating the terrorists presence in
the territory of the Syrian Arab
Republic restoring the destroyed social
economic infrastructure establishing the
conditions for the return of internally
displaced persons and repatriating the
Syrian refugees from abroad the program
of the visit of natural Hariri in moscow
also includes consultations with a
special representative of the Russian
president for Middle East and Africa and
the Deputy Foreign Minister of Russia
mr. Bogdanov from the 28th to the 30th
of October Russia will also host the
High Commissioner of the OSCE for
national minorities members an year the
agenda of the stay includes the meeting
with the federal agencies in Moscow
including the authorities of the
enlightened ministry Russia transistor
agency the federal agency for
nationalities maroa mr. Sanyal will take
part in the second international
conference protecting our huge organized
by the russian jewish congress and on
the 29th october the Russian Foreign
Minister will meet mr. Zanger to discuss
the current situation with the
russian-speaking population in Ukraine
the Baltics and Moldova as well as
inform the High Commissioner of the
current measures of supporting national
minorities in Russia on the 30th of
October
but minister lavrov will host the
meeting of the Business Council of the
Russian Foreign Ministry as an update to
the discussions that took place during
the meeting of ambassadors and foreign
representatives of the Russian
Federation in July this event will focus
on the matters of increasing the
efficiency of political and diplomatic
support for the projects of Russian
business aimed at increasing high-tech
exports from our country the agenda also
includes discussions on the promoting
Russian producers positions on foreign
markets the event will include the
authorities from the Russian Foreign
Ministry and other ministries as well as
heads of leading business associations
and large Russian companies on the 31st
of October Moscow will host the 6th
World Congress of Russian compatriots
living abroad this is a planned event a
regular one held under the aegis of the
governmental Commission for compatriots
and the world coordination Council of
Russian compatriots the Russian Foreign
Minister Sergey Lavrov will give a
speech at the plenary session during the
opening day of the Congress I would like
to talk in more detail of the contents
of this event on its program and its
participants each of the five previous
congresses was a new step in the
development of the relations of Russia
with its compatriots opening new
opportunities and prospects for future
cooperation this year the Congress will
include activists of the Russian
diaspora and the renowned
representatives of our diaspora
overall over 415 delegates from 98
countries are expected including heads
of state authorities of the Russian
Federation heads of regions
representatives of ministries and
agencies leaders of Russian traditional
religious confessions members of NGOs
and of course members of the academia
and the media the forum will take place
in the format of plenary sessions and
five topical sections which include
protecting the rights and legal
interests of the compatriots saving
Russian identity supporting Russian
language education the role of the youth
in consolidating the community mass
media of the russian foreign desperate
in the modern world economic cooperation
of russia with foreign countries and
compatriots the events will also see the
awards of compatriots and diplomas of
the governmental Commission for
compatriots abroad these will be awarded
to the most active representatives of
the russian foreign communities whose
activities are aimed at promoting links
with russia and as preserving and
supporting Russian language and Russian
culture in the last three years we have
seen more intense links with the
multi-million and multinational Russian
diaspora to work with our foreign
competitors or I would rather say
interaction and partnership with our
compatriots this work this cooperation
and partnership has reached a new level
in such important areas as protecting
the rights and legal interest the spread
of Russian language attracting the youth
to the compatriots movement in spite of
the active and to russian sentiments
spread in the world today fortunately
our diaspora is strong and as united as
ever
I think this unity is unprecedented from
the point of view of our previous
experience our foreign compatriots are
open to dialogue and are ready to
improve and enhance the links with our
country while making large efforts to
the
the cooperation of their own countries
with the Russian Federation and the
first of November within the program of
helping the subjects of the Federation
in the development of their foreign
relations the reception house of the
ministry will hold the presentation of
the Moscow region such events have been
held by the ministry since 2007 the
presentation will include the accredited
diplomats in Moscow federal and regional
authorities and agencies business and
media representatives you are all
invited to attend this event its aim is
to show the economic opportunities and
the investment potential of the Moscow
region as well as make a presentation of
the plans of the local regional
authorities to continue building up
their business links with the foreign
partners this event will include
presentations of new projects which
could be interesting for the business
and foreign authorities
the Russian Foreign Ministry and the
governor of the Moscow region mister
vorobyov are expected to give a speech
the second of November the talks between
the foreign minister of the Russian
Federation Minister Lavrov and the
secretary-general of the OSC mystic
remenber
during the meeting the leaders will
discuss the current agenda of the OSCE
keeping in mind the upcoming mysterio
session of the OSCE in Milan on the 6th
and 7th of December Russia is currently
working on draft decisions on such
important problems as fighting terrorism
fighting the drug threat promoting the
language and education rights of the
citizens freedom of access to media and
public access to information the sides
will exchange opinions on the current
unifying potential of the topics of all
the three dimensions of the OSCE
military political economic and
environmental and humanitarian
they will also promote and support the
efforts of the OSCE including the
special monitoring mission in Ukraine
moreover the minister and the
secretary-general will discuss the
activities of the OSC specialized
institutions such as the Democratic
Institute's Bureau and the High
Commissioner for national minorities and
the representative for freedom of the
media as well as the field operations of
the OSC in the post-soviet countries and
in the Balkans decides will also express
their opinions on the current budgetary
and employment aspects of the OSC moving
on to other topics on the international
agenda I would like to begin with the
topic of mister much Kirov who was set
free from prison let me remind you he
was detained on the 21st of September in
Oslo and made up accusation of espionage
on the 19th of October as you know we
reported this previously he was set free
from the Norwegian prison the Russian
citizen is currently in Moscow at the
same time the police security service of
Norway has declared I quote that they
would continue investigating this
so-called case as previously stated by
Russian officials this can only be
qualified as an unfriendly act of the
Norwegian authorities from the very
beginning saying that the accusations
against mr. much colorful false and
made-up there have still been no
apologies from Norway including
apologies from the Parliament who
started this incident of course such
actions go against the interests of the
development of Russia Norway relations
and would have inevitably result in
negative consequences for the context
through the parliamentarian line
I mean some of you might even notice a
mysterious we're keeping a very close
eye on the situation around our citizen
Russian citizen Maria boots Anna let me
remind you that she was arrested in the
United States of America on a made-up
pretext of acting as an agent of a
foreign government this is what the US
authorities said in their accusation
last week the diplomats from our embassy
in Washington had a meeting with her and
we were satisfied to learn that her
conditions in prison are improving in
particular she was allowed to work in
the local library we're sure that
constant access to books and the press
will provide our compatriot an
opportunity to somehow get additional
moral support from all these hardships
when her name has been tarnished when
she's being used to create an atmosphere
of hatred she was turned into a symbol
of the current United States political
russophobia we will continue working on
transfer of Maria Booton into another
cell since in the current conditions
with the upcoming winter
the conditions are hot the temperatures
are falling these are the practical
matters which are all on our agenda and
they will be solved by our diplomats at
the same time the court working on her
case has not yet given her the materials
of the case even though the new session
is planned on the 13th of November
unfortunately these gives additional
reasons to doubt the impartiality of the
US justice in this particular case to
what else can be said about blocking the
normal preparations of our citizen to
further hearings
I think these are obvious facts we
insist that Maria Buitoni is not guilty
she was arrested just for being a
Russian citizen and without any doubt
she is a political prisoner we demand
the immediate liberation we will
continue doing all efforts to protect
the rights of our compatriot and her
safe return home on the 23rd of October
we learnt of the decision of the hjerson
City Court to continue the arrest of the
head of RIA Novosti Ukraine Karol
wyszynski he is a professional
journalist who was arrested on a made-up
pretext on a fabricated accusation of
treason we call on the international
community to influence the blatant
violation of international obligations
of Ukraine in the area of the freedom of
media we're awaiting declarations and
accusations from international
structures and NGOs not just short
messages on social media we're expecting
them to take control of the situation
we expect them to remind Kiev and its
regime of its direct responsibilities
since they've signed up for them and
since the regime and Kiev constantly
declares its adherence to the values in
particular freedom of the media freedom
of speech and safety for journalists we
are against the repressive policy of
Kiev on journalists these matters will
be discussed by the official
representatives of the Russian
Federation in particular the Foreign
Minister Sergey Lavrov during his
upcoming contacts with the
representatives of the OSCE I will now I
have told you about these contacts
once again we demanded the Ukrainian
authorities set free guerilla Wyszynski
at once now moving on to the situation
in Syria the situation
continues to be complicated in spite of
the overall success of the memorandum on
stable is a ting stabilizing the
situation in the idli the escalation
zone signed following the talks of the
Russian president with Turkish president
in Sochi on the 17th of September in
spite of this the terrorists who are
still in need lip continue their regular
attacks on 20th of October the armed
groups acting in the northwest of Aleppo
have fired 37 mines against the
neighborhoods and quarters of the city
killing two local citizens and injuring
tan in the north of the Hama province
and the the south east of it lives own
sometimes we see shellings of the
government positions by the nusra and
the al Qaeda affiliated groups in this
regard I must remind you that one of the
undoubtable priorities of the efforts of
the parties in the Syrian crisis
settlement is the overall elimination of
terrorist presence in the whole
territory of the Syrian Arab Republic
this should be understood by those
participants of the illegal armed groups
who are currently facing a choice a
moral choice whether to comply with the
memorandum of the 17th of September or
to rely on the Union and alliance with
nusra and al Qaeda we're still concerned
by the situation in the northeast of
Syria where the Americans still try to
play with the separatist part of the
Kurdish groups as well as the situation
in the south of the country in the Alton
fur region there in fact we see the open
occupation by the US forces of the
territory of the sovereign Syrian state
according to all information the
fighters who found a safe haven or
shelter in the arbitrarily established
American 55 telemeter exclusive zone are
in fact asking the locals for bribes
those who wish to leave the zone
are expected to pay 2,000 u.s. dollars
per person according to Syrian sources
the us-led International Coalition used
white phosphorus armaments around the
village of Hajj in a week ago on the
23rd of October the Coalition performed
an air strike against the mosque in the
Alsace locality in the east of the Deir
Ezzor province killing over 70 people in
this regard the Syrian authorities have
sent messages to the secretary-general
of the UN and to the president of the UN
Security Council calling on an
independent and transparent
international investigation of these
incidents should also remember that in
October it will be one year since the
so-called liberation by the coalition of
the city of Raqqa
in fact the city was eliminated from the
face of the earth following massive
shellings and auxilary strikes as of
today 80% of the city's territory are
uninhabitable the positive aspects are
also present in particular the Syrian
government controlled regions continue
the efforts to restore normal life and
to build up the current repatriation
efforts for refugees and internally
displaced persons
following the nasib checkpoint at the
Syrian Jordan border hundreds of Syrians
decided to come back to their homeland
from Jordan in addition to the existing
flow of people coming back from Lebanon
and on topic related to the settlement
we commented when we are were asking
your question were answering your
questions like to draw attention to stop
a pause again when speaking about the
statement about the retirement of mister
mr. I like to stress once again that
understand and to remind you that don't
on the 17th of October a special envoy
of the general secretary general of the
air said that he was going to leave his
post and I'd like to say that Russian
side has always maintained close
contacts with him in about retro and
natural cameras and he also took part in
the work of the Congress of the Syrian
National Dalek in Sochi he took part in
this Congress personally and we note his
contribution to the process like to
continue cooperating closely with his
successor could be appointed by the
Secretary General as it is established
by the basic principles of young
mediation which in which they candidate
which the special animal was engaged
they can new candidate should be
admitted to the Syrian Arab Republic and
he should with his duties in a neutral
and impartial way and with the strict
compliance with the UN Charter and the
resolutions of the UN Security Council
almost every briefing we touch upon the
topic of Afghanistan the current
situation clear scene a special
statement and by a few shows officials
who said that Russia was exaggerating
the threat of Isis in Afghanistan we do
not deem our estimates of other threats
emanating from Isis as exaggerated we
like to say that the ISIS
strengthen their positions in the north
of the country and they are conducting
propaganda among the populations and the
air coming out major terrorist attacks
we have been repeatedly noted the
flights of helicopters without
identification marks who are
transporting their arms and other
products the air to their bases it's a
very strange at the time when this
surgery is a field with a theme members
of the USA and NATO organizations it's
hard to imagine that a helicopter not
even a car is flying without any
identification marks those who are
landing in the airport of Kabul can
imagine how the airspace internet
although internal space of the country
has been controlled and therefore it's
very unlikely that the helicopter
transporting arms and being in the zone
of terrorists contact it's almost
unimaginable so this always happening
any other borders of our close neighbors
and allies all for the Commonwealth of
Independent States
and extra Minster do not conceal that
they want to topple out their civilian
authorities and to establish a Caliphate
we still have to comment on the
installations grudging our contacts with
other movement of Taliban I'd like to
remind you once again well to the main
purpose of the contacts is to ensure the
security of citizens of Russia residing
in
denistoun and also are aimed at ensuring
national reconciliation in this country
USA in other countries also maintain
parity contacts with Taliban and I hope
that it's for the peaceful process in
Afghanistan let's move to another topic
the statement of the authorities of the
United States about the possible
withdrawal of USA from the treaty of
elimination of intermediate range and
shorter range missiles the INF 3d the
defense ministry's and foreign ministers
representatives spoke on the topic and
the international community also
provided comments and reaction was
shocked the question are still being
received by us and we've analyzed to
them and we prepared a comprehensive
response and the additional answer our
questions on the topic the statement of
a mr. Trump to withdraw from the INF
treaty is deplorable and their causes
serious concern we believe that it can
be one of the most dangerous mistakes on
of the steps done Bern Washington in
within many international agreements as
within international structures it seems
that the SC tries to slow down his some
historic processes and they want to
ensure their predominance in different
areas including the military one this
increases turbulence
International Relations the disruption
of their treaty on the elimination of
intermediate and short-range missiles
can be every dangerous move that will
affect negatively the situation the
international situation and strategic
stability
this will make whole region's join the
arms race and it seems so that the USA
has a long plant this move there were
concrete military programs that were
launched under the contract pretext of
withdrawing from the treaty the around
contrary to the spirit and the letter of
the INF treaty we are convinced that the
destructive actions of the SI will not
be sympathized by the international
community who is committed to to
stability and security and strengthen
arms control after these initial
statements there were expert opinions
and the media response we call everyone
who feels responsible for the fate of
the world to send an equivocal signal to
Washington oh no the danger of its plans
we hope to continue work working with of
the American side but it seems that the
intention of the USA to draw from the
NIF treaty encircled by the reluctance
of some forces in Washington act as in
Washington to come to agreement with us
on an equal basis
and on the attempter to gather some
advantages in this regard they want to
make this acacia loop like it was
provoked by some Russian violations it
is a totally unacceptable because it
doesn't it is not the truth it is a lie
the American side has not managed to
present any evidence that would
substantiate their claims their claims
are baseless anti-inflammatory we still
reiterate that Russia strictly abide by
the provisions of the treaty they have
shown that self-restraint and patients
although turned a blind eye on the
violations of the treaty by the USA you
know we'd like to warn a day here say
that if the American side disrupt the
treaty I will have to respond it was
discussed in detail by our president as
we were already noted although the
treaty is not ideal under contemporary
conditions but it's still of value and
were ready to work to maintain its
viability but should we we need partner
that would be interested in such
movement and we would like to have a
sincere equal and constructive italic
and we hope that Washington will finally
realize this fact we received a number
of specific questions regarding the
statements of American politicians
concerning these initiative
we were asked to comment on the
statements of the United States
concerning the possible journey of China
to the treaty as for the information
presented by some Washington's
Washington officials they were about the
trials illegal trials conducted by the
by the Russian side in violation of the
treaty would like to say that the
campaigner started against us is
unprecedented in his groundlessness the
American side has denied for a long time
to present any objective data proving
that Russia has flight tested cruise
missile land-based crew cell 9mr seven
to nine that it that has the range
prohibited by the treaty have many times
confirmed that all the programs that we
implement within the scope of the treaty
and it refers to the Greece Martin
missile in its result we show maximum
transparency in particularly the
ministry of defence and this information
is published in the media the ministry
indicated the media the maximum range of
our dismissal and a distance of which it
flew so we provided this information
through special dialogue channels it was
not only in open space but special
channels self communications were used
if the American site is does not agree
with that then it could have asked her
for details but we didn't receive any
questions they just referred to some
secret qualified information but this
approach seems like intentional blocking
of a discussion of that issue
this problem is far-fetched and
preposterous
they are just promoting the effector of
China this issue and this question was
asked to to the Minister of Foreign
Affairs to the Russians of the Russian
Federation Sergei Lavrov discussed this
topic in detail in the interview for the
program in the one of the Russian
channels some instructor would be
available today on our website so this
is a question on the possible joining of
China to the new agreements on
intermediate or shorter range missiles
and this question shouldn't be addressed
to us I'd remind you that Russia has
many time proposed to universalize the
obligations under the treaty but our
initiative didn't receive
widespread support we're ready to
discuss any constructive ideas and I'd
like to say once again that they should
be leading to strengthening
international security and stability but
in this case we need mutually acceptable
consensus decisions would not stand any
dictate or blackmail as I already said
this is not the only piece of news about
the intention of the gesture withdrawal
from international agreements they made
many statements another one concerns
that withdrawal from the Universal
Postal Union as you know the Universal
Postal Union is a major international
platform for the exchange between the
postal offices that work on out the
principles of functioning of the
international postal postal exchanges
and on the main objectives of the Union
is developing international postal
service the increase in the number of
correspondence that is sent through the
post and also in increasing and
improving the quality of service we the
decision of Washington was Circosta by
economic economic reasons in
particularly a negative influence of
tariffs tariffs of the Universal Postal
Union on the American companies involved
in this area we believe that this
decision is
counterproductive because it undermines
the principle sulfur this common postal
space and we are convinced that the
international organization like that
should reflect the interests of always
participants we believe that it's some
kind of truth that does not need to be
demonstrated to to set ultimatums to
deliver ultimatums and these big bleep
mail is not acceptable I have some
examples from the US history and we
remember when Washington loudly slammed
the door and withdrew from UNESCO in the
beginning of the eighties and then
quietly joined this organization once
again two decades ago today decades
after that so they say that we do not
comply with our allocations obligations
and also concerns cyber exercises
concerns the use of some advantages and
imposing its will on other participants
of for the International Affairs
representative of the US administration
commanded on the intention to draw from
the treaty which was just discussed they
said that it didn't correspond to to the
realities of the modern world
we should elaborate something on equal
basis Russia proposed to work out new
approaches in know the cyberspace and we
proposed projects leading to a peaceful
use of cyberspace so to say the Western
countries just build up their potential
under the training itself so to start a
war you know these cyber area they want
to integrate a unified code for contact
that would prevent conflicts in this
area their policy of Western countries
into the USA is endangering the safety
of these economy space and we would like
to support those countries who do not
want you to cyberspace to become a
testing range spoken to the people and
on the 23rd of October there was a
report in Britain on British cyber
technologist called and this information
and fake news this document was rather
scandalous and it's interesting from the
point of view of analyzing the campaign
unleashed by the Western media on the
so-called
Russian interference in the information
space and democratic process
the thing is in its response the British
government confirmed that it did not
have any proof evidence of the
successful foreign influence including
from Russia on the electoral process in
this country the government did not
respond to the issue of the number of
episodes of Russian interference in to
the British policy currently
investigated by the
authorities of the country and the most
thing interesting thing is that the
authorities response was not accepted by
the president of this committee mr.
Collins who said he was disappointed by
the missed opportunity to log the spread
of the malicious information it seems
that they are confused themselves let me
explain and put it simply first the
executive authorities in the United
Kingdom's for several years have been
talking about the Russian interference
into everything the internal process in
the United Kingdom it's politics it's
matters of security and so on in so
forth
following such a massive information
campaign stated by the highest
authorities in Britain the local
legislative authorities demanded the
relevant confirmations and evidence as
shown by the response of the US
government they did not possess any
facts they could not show anything to
their own legislators this whole story
is externally faced it is meant for the
ordinary local consumers but when it
comes to responding to the legislators
when this response could be used
compromising materials which could
debunk this whole disinformation
campaign then they do not have any exact
facts this genius this whole skimming as
you see the British government who
created and fabricated the maze of
Russian hackers and disinformation
specialists is being cornered they've
used so much resources and made so much
efforts to unleash all these lies and
fakes but now it's almost impossible to
explain to the public opinion how these
hackers interfere into the elections in
various countries but still have no
influence on the situation in Britain
this is logical impasse but I think this
should serve as a good lesson for the
future on the 23rd of October let me get
back to the topic that was common to
torn by the Russian embassy in Rome on
23rd of October 1930 local time
Italian time at the republic metro
station an escalator broke down this
incident resulted in hospitalization
according to the latest data of 16
Russian football fans of this Seska club
as you remember they came to Rome for a
game of the Champions League between
Romans sk club's later two more russian
citizens were hospitalized due to trauma
received during local fights with the
Italian fans football fans that is the
injured have been placed in six Roman
hospitals they were immediately
contacted by the diplomats of the
Russian embassy in Italy our diplomatic
missions has organized the hotline for
communications with the relatives or
defense they created the list of the
hospitalized Russians and established
contacts of the injured people with
their friends and families in Russia
following the incident signal the
Embassy established HQ established a
hotline and provided information support
through the local media and the relevant
departments of the Foreign Ministry of
the Russian Federation Russian diplomats
urgently arrived to all the seven
hospitals of the Italian capital with
the Russian injured citizens and thanks
to the actions of the hospital six hours
after these tragic events by 3:00 a.m.
on the 24th of October the
details of all the injured persons were
established and most of them were
directly contacted by our diplomats they
also create the detailed list of the
citizens who were hospitalized in Rome
throughout the night and the following
day the employees of the Russian embassy
were in hospitals providing aid and
support to the Russian citizens helping
with translation deliveries consular
organizational and other matters
diplomatic employees providing calm
constant eighth to these six remaining
Russian citizens the constantly
Department of the Foreign Ministry is
providing aid to the authorities of the
Russian football club organizing trips
for the relatives to Rome the Consul
General in Moscow has expressed its wish
to provide visa support the Russian
president has called on investigating
all the circumstances of this incident
this was made against the background of
the claims of supposedly indecent
behavior of the Russian fans which
supposedly resulted in the breakdown of
the escalator we call for an independent
expertise an investigation to establish
all the circumstances of this case and
to find out the truth of what had
happened this put an end to such
disinformation we also took note of the
comments by the deputy secretary of
state of the United States during the
visit to scope here in the context of
the implementation of the RESPA
agreement we're talking about new
uncrowded accusations against Moscow on
interference into the internal process
into the Republic of Macedonia
they were stated by the deputy deputy
state secretary of the u.s. major
partner on the 22nd of October
and it's important that he told about
Russian interference on the territory of
scope here let me remind you that it was
the US and not Russia who used illegal
methods on the 19th of October blackmail
threats and bribery to push a decision
in the local Parliament to impose
changes to the Macedonian constitutions
in the spirit of the prospect rement
it's worth noting that it was the US
ambassador to scope here who was in the
building of the Macedonian Parliament
and controlled this whole process at the
same time these people are talking about
some Russian interference our partners
are ignoring the fact that the prosper
agreement is opposed not by Russia but
by the majority of the Macedonian
population which was shown during the
referendum on the 30th of September
Russia's position on the issue of the
name of the Macedonian state is
unchanged it is transparent and clear
the long-term solution should be found
by the size themselves without external
pressure not to the dictate of the US
ambassador and without imposing any
artificial deadlines and conditions
based on the large public support and
solely within the legal field and the UN
Security Council resolution 845 moving
on to other topics I'd like to draw your
attention to the upcoming important
event in the Russia Lebanon relations
from the 31st of October to the 7th of
November the st. Petersburg days are
expected to be held in Lebanon concerts
with the youth groups of st. Petersburg
exhibitions organized by the Russian
organization Russian Geographic Society
talks and lectures on the current
Russian literature and new works of
authors from Petersburg video
presentations and other events all of
this will take place in Beirut and a
number of other cities in the country
one of the features of these initiatives
aimed at supporting Russian diaspora in
Lebanon and acquainting the local people
with the Russian northern capital is the
fact that it was ideally inspired and
organized by nongovernmental
organizations the st. Petersburg region
organization Russian Arabic Cultural
Center and the autonomous non commercial
organization the central of cultural
programs culture and the world this
shows that the relations between our
countries are improving the human Heron
links have always played an important
role in the bilateral relations of our
two countries
we welcome the cultural event which
would undoubtedly promote further
enhancement and improvement of the
relations between the Russian Federation
and Lebanon we hope it will be reflected
in the media from the 5th to the 10th of
November Shanghai will host the first
international fair of imported goods in
partnership with the World Trade
Organization the UN conference for trade
and development and the United Nations
developed industrial development
organization it will draw over 1000
participating companies from 130
countries our country will take part in
the event has an honorary guest in the
preparation of the Russian Federation to
take part in the fair is held by the
Commerce ministry the Economic
Development Ministry and the Russian
export center the Russian exhibition
will show the trade and industry
potential of the Russian Federation as
well as the most important projects
implemented with our Chinese partners
first of all the exposition will include
joint Russian Chinese projects in the
area of oil and gas atomic energy
transport logistics and a number of
other areas
on the margins of the fair there will be
meetings with the potential Chinese
partners presentations workshops and
roundtable discussions which would allow
the Russian participants to have an idea
of the trends and needs of the Chinese
market they would also open additional
opportunities to develop business links
the unfortunately traditional topic
related to the destruction of monuments
for the soldiers of the Red Army in this
case we're talking about Warsaw one of
the most known monuments of gratitude to
the soldiers of the Red Army is being
destroyed in this corrosive ski park in
Poland it was established in 1946 on the
burial site of 26 Soviet soldiers they
died in September 1944 fighting to
liberate Warsaw later the remains were
transferred to the memorial graveyard on
the Gherkin vigorous Street this is
another attempt of the Polish
administration to review the results of
world war two to tear out the pages on
the decisive role of the Red Army in
liberating Poland from the fascist
conquerors and occupants unfortunately
this has become a tradition to accuse
the Russian Soviet forces of being idle
during the Warsaw Uprising in 1944 even
though during this whole time there were
constant fights and the region of the
Polish capital with our losses exceeding
two hundred thousand people is
destructive and the Russian policy in
the memorial area is immoral it is a
blatant violation of international legal
obligations it is destructive for our
bilateral relations and the Finnish I
would like to answer a question from the
previous briefing
I was asked on the current existing
agreements between Russia and Iran in
the energy area in the
context of new sanctions of the United
States of America against this state
first of all I would like to reiterate
Russia's position that unilateral
sanctions of the US are illegitimate and
illegal we are trying to minimize their
negative influence on the Russian
Iranian commercial cooperation secondly
I'd like to say that cooperation with
Iran in the area of energy has
traditionally been one of the key areas
in the bilateral economic agenda there
is a large number of agreements in this
area in particular through the Russian
Iranian Intergovernmental Commission on
trade and economy cooperation the most
important energy projects include the
construction of the power plants Eirik
in the south of Iran and construction of
the second and third energy blocks of
the atomic power plant Bashar now I am
ready to answer your questions yes
please I know Sonora Moscow Baku
Information Agency as we know advisor of
the u.s. President John Bolton following
his visit to Moscow is now doing a tour
of the Transcaucasian countries and both
in Azerbaijan and Romania he is a
representative of the co-chair of the
OSCE group has made a declaration on
Karabakh in particular saying that the
conflict should be settled in a peaceful
way and that the countries should find a
solution themselves how would you
comment the fact that Bolton went to
Transcaucasian region following Russia
and made the Declaration on Cara Bock
speaking frankly I see no reason to make
a comment the country is carrying out
its own independent foreign policy and
maintaining its contacts and this has
nothing to do with the Russian
Federation it's just the way a sovereign
country is establishing its diplomatic
contacts as for the matter of Karabakh
settlement in this case I did not see
the statements of Bolton
but of course peaceful settlement is
what corresponds to the interests of all
the participants of the means
group of the osc the parties themselves
and this is what we've always talked
about and the second question if I may
you may and the Baku human harian forum
started today as you know it was
established eight years ago by the
presidents of Azerbaijan and Russia
how could you comment the fact that such
an initiative of Russia and Azerbaijan
has resulted in the active platform for
humanitarian cooperation a respected
platform for many countries any
development of bilateral humanitarian
links and links which give us an
opportunity for developing multilateral
cooperation are only welcomed especially
when they reach such a high level and
yield such results yes please TAS Agency
recently the Japanese Prime Minister
Shinzo Abe a declared that the country
intended to sign the peace agreement
with Russia only after solving the
territorial disputes therefore I have a
question when and where will new round
of the Russian Japanese talks will take
place and what is the foreign ministry's
position on these Japanese declarations
you know our position very well both you
and Japan in the recent times we've
reiterated on numerous occasions that
all the declarations should go along
with the existing agreements as for the
agenda of upcoming contacts I will get
back to you and with more information
for now I cannot tell anything more yes
please I'm wrong the son of terah TV
channel less than two weeks remain until
the Congress elections in the US if I do
not interfere my question what are your
expectations how do you think the US
policy towards Russia might change when
will it change if the Republicans
enhance Oh
lose their position and one more
question before the briefing the
European Parliament adopted the
resolution calling on the EU authorities
to increase sanctions against Russia in
case of an escalation in the AZ of C
let's start with the second part of the
question the Sea of Azov is another
propaganda trick being played by our
Western colleagues if you take a look at
the declarations of the u.s.
representatives the European
Representatives now we have in the
European Parliament all the statements
are identical and they do not have any
facts for a basis they are just an
example of political propaganda
criticizing Russia on the topic of Minsk
agreements and non-compliance is an
absurd topic it's impossible to talk
about this anymore everyone understands
perfectly well that the whole process
has been blocked by the regime in Kiev
so they need a new fresh topic and
that's what what he came up with this is
just a propaganda approach which were
witnessing we have stated our position
on this topic it is available on our
website speaking of the legislative
elections in the United States of
America as well as the legislative
elections in other countries these are
internal processes our position is that
we never change our approaches towards
mutual and respectable development of
our dialogue as for the elections the
votes and winners these are all the
questions for the Americans and for the
US voters and for the experts and
political scientists
should analyze the situation this is not
a matter for them Foreign Ministry's of
other states
we cannot give out our preferences we
always respect the choice and the vote
of the US people which they show through
their democratic expression of will by
choosing other the president or the
legislative authorities this is an
internal matter for the United States of
America let me say once again that we
support the development of normal
mutually respectable full-fledged
relations with the United States go to
the iminium maria vladimirovna Minister
of Foreign Affairs of Russia reiterated
the threat to Russia of the American
laboratories and the access of Russian
experts today's laboratories what is
your evaluation on this matter and did
the experts found anything dangerous in
their laboratories
I will specify this from the experts and
I will clarify what is the stage of this
issue get even nova a female newspaper
next week or mania will become corps
president of osc group and they will
prepare the meeting of the next meeting
mr. Mahmoud Yadav said that after the
change of authorities in Armenia the
process of nagorno-karabakh settlement
has been delayed and after the
deliberations what changes may be done
on the
initiative on the settlement of the
nagorno-karabakh issue your comments
please as for the process of changes in
general I haven't actually heard about
this and what is your question what is
the basis of your question maybe you
could clarify it maybe you are asking
about the focus of the experts but we
are operating the facts here good
evening
Russia today New York Times published
recently an article that says that
Donald Trump has several personal
iPhones each iPhone is listened by by
all countries or just certain countries
maybe there is one one that is open for
Russia and the other for China as for
China it is said that they are not only
following the information that Trump
shares in in his talks but they use this
espionage way to follow the those he's
talking to and they do it to affect to
influence on the on foreign policy in
the United States do they refer to any
sources
they refer to their sources but they
have no names could you share some
information on this issue yes I do have
the information on this issue this is
actually another example of an absurd
situation in which were the that we are
facing today when New York Times without
referring to particular sources without
naming their sources or facts speak and
they speak about the
issue of spying on US president and at
the same time the United States and this
is an official data that was published
but the United States were listening to
the talks of America what do we want
from this world if the United States of
America in particular the media is so
much caring about this issue what is
more interesting for them than the use
of by US politicians or special
audiences of special equipment for
spying on their colleagues in NATO for
example but in New York Times or other
newspapers for some reasons didn't pay
enough attention rather they devoted a
lot of time to Russian meddling but the
information about this meddling was
groundless various boutique agency radio
agency we hope that you believe in
public diplomacy and therefore family in
from Latvia opened restaurant of their
traditional cuisine but they are
threatened by a criminal investigation
and maybe there is a way to
find a way out of the situation they do
not have enough money for an expensive
lawyer but they launched a campaign in
the internet maybe you could join the
program just to support them I'll have a
look at this if the official authorities
use use power to harm the business of a
person who is who does nothing illegal
why not supporting them but we will have
a look at the situation once again
Disney kavkaza on Tuesday said
International Conference Russia Turkey
took place on multinational partnership
how do you evaluate the dialogue between
Russia and Turkey dialogue between
Russia and Turkey at the moment is
developing rapidly in all directions in
political sphere and economic
humanitarian areas in particular I
didn't mentioned even today about the
meetings and agreements between our
leaders in the context of Syrian
settlement as for this particular event
I will gladly share our evaluations as
soon as we have had them al Jazeera TV
what is Russia's position with respect
to new details on the killing of Saudi
journalists and if the involvement of
Saudi authorities will be proved could
it affect somehow the relations between
Russia and Saudi Arabia and second
question recently u.s. advisor on
national security Bolton said that he
shared with Russia information that is
available for the United States about
the killing do
any details on this information or maybe
even say something
I welcome aljazeera to our briefings I
can count the occasions when you visited
us and I hope that you're interested not
only in the fate of this one particular
person but many people who were killed
in those who died in Syria for example
so we are very welcome here and we will
gladly answer all your questions as for
these questions about the journalist
that in I don't think that I have to
repeat myself because I mentioned this
two weeks probably ago during the
briefing we gave all types of
evaluations but if we sum up everything
that have been said that we proceed from
the fact that an investigation should be
conducted and we believe that for today
the political statement should give
space to an impartial investigation
after the investigation that includes
all the legal procedures then the
evaluations and political statements
will be made but for the moment the most
important thing is to conduct an
impartial investigation and we also
welcome the work that was initiated by
the parties by Turkey and Saudi Arabia
and it was a joint work on this issue so
you should come here more as for Bolton
I cannot say that Russia received the
information on this issue we understand
in
government of the United States and the
story because it was journalists who
worked for US media and unfortunately
this is a well-known fact that is always
lost in the amount of the information
will receive all the time but and from
the very beginning it was very clear why
mr. Bolton decided to dwell upon this
issue
Almudena TV channel and he about the
middle man getting back to the
corporation between Russia and Iran and
the agreements in energy sphere what
could you say and they said I have just
commented he received this question
during our previous briefing and today I
commented on this it was the last topic
of my introductory speech Washington
Post could you say that according to
Intel Fox in next meeting on Afghanistan
in Moscow form it will take place on the
1st of November and they also mentioned
that the that Kabul and Calvin will
participating in this meeting I have
just seen that they were references to
the exact dates I can only say that at
the moment the dates and modality of and
the participants all these aspects are
under consideration I do not have I'm
not ready to give you the exact date and
the list of participants the same about
the participation of the Minister of
Foreign Affairs of Russia as soon as we
we have the exact data I'll tell you for
the moment we do not have it maria body
merimna ria novosti
the biggest nativity sites training has
started today with the involvement of
from Finland and Sweden and it was also
said that their ships and airplanes of
the two countries will also participate
in the exercise training previously the
governments of the two countries said
that they are not going to be involved
in this military activity Russia
considers the whole situation as a
targeted work of NATO trying to drag
Finland and Sweden in the practical
activity of North Atlantic Alliance
including regular participation of their
military troops in NATO exercises and
the establishment of and the involvement
in the training including on the
territory of Finland and Sweden this
doesn't help to strengthen this the
stability and security in the north of
Europe and on the continent in general
and this approach risk to worsen the
situation in the region since NATO is
headed by the United State and from all
points of view considering the
approaches the situation goes along with
the general policy of the United States
aiming at decreasing the level of
security in Europe this is another
aspect of the whole picture and this is
really so in terms of security
I think that the influence is important
and the United States try to use the
military and political potential of
Finland and Sweden to implement their
own political tasks they do tend trumped
up pretext and we think that they are a
way of real threats to European security
but these threats are coming definitely
not from Russia Minister of Defence of
Serbia today in Beijing and the
international forum said that today his
country faces a very important challenge
that is called create Albania how do you
evaluate the possibility to implement
the idea of a great Albania and attempts
of Kosovo to have army and to have the
border with Kosovo it's a very big
question as for Kosovo we do not
recognize the state and we repeatedly
said it and we are concerned with all
the trends and developments that are in
the country we already mentioned that it
is about the filling the about the
feeling of the state with arms and
weapons and their desire to have weapons
and it is very concerning as a state
it's a failure as for our evaluation as
for the evaluation of the statement by
the Minister of Defense
about the quality and quantity of
threats that is their right to speak
about the ways the threats are coming
from so I live it the Serbs to comment
on this this Delta V channel on sunshine
for Security Forum Alexander Furman
deputy the defense minister said that
human base was attacked by drones and
they were controlled by proceed on eight
how could you comment on the statement
and will there be a reaction we can only
confirm this information because it's
truth was given by our military
specialists we repeatedly spoke about
our concerns on this issue and of course
during our contacts with American
partners and so we will make them aware
of our concerns to the press information
agency the decision to leave our enough
treaty was may just before the visit of
Bolton to Russia they discusses what
Sergei Lavrov was the president of the
russian federation with ministry of
defense but nevertheless after all the
meetings that they had they want no
changes to this decision because they
already launched the process as we
understood what is the reason to your
opinion that Russia didn't convince them
that we have this type of missile or
they are not listening to us maybe you
missed something from what I have said
previously this is not a spontaneous
decision of the United States it was
adopted just before the visit of mr.
Bolton to Russia it is a well-planned
military and political strategy that is
being
implemented by Washington for the last
several years so this is the main idea
we were even publicly discussing this
issue was the United States and other
partners for a long time it was not
something unexpected
of course the question went in which
form and when and how it was announced
so the all these questions remain on the
American side is the issue of their
political statistics I have spoken about
this today and I made examples will
refer to this issue several times during
this month and we said that it was very
clear where the developments go and we
spoke about our concerns about the lack
of facts taking into account the
political situation over the last year
is and answering your question I can say
that this strategy is has been
implemented by the United States for a
long time as for the fact that it wasn't
changed after the visit of Bolton to
Moscow I don't think that he came just
for this reason is to change the
strategy
so maybe etiquette radio pretty here is
just not maybe my next question was so
naive but
maybe this missile doesn't violate the
treaty
maybe you should present their
characteristics of it just listen to the
statement of the United States of
America the speaking about China not
about our missile Chinese our neighbor
just look at the map they are changing
the arguments month after month yes
firstly we're speaking about the missile
and then about the violations by the
Russian Federation so now they are
referring to China in the first place
the strategy is being implemented and
the arguments are to see you to the
moment yes please yeah I need thank you
maria vladimirovna
spending a TV ad Sputnik our news agency
there is a an international forum
conducted in a Warsaw and the Minister
of Foreign Affairs says that Poland
here's the heightened presence of Russia
in the Baltics with regard to the
construction of the pipeline dear I can
quote if you are speaking about the note
stream - it can give an argument to
Russia to widen its presence in the
region of the Baltics not only the
Minister of Foreign Affairs are for
Poland spoke about that there were
statements on the concerns for different
levels we do not understand
could the new channel of deliveries of
gas to Europe could endanger the
situation with the security as far as
we've always understood and understand
now this is actually the in the interest
of the European Union and water in
particular as for the economic aspects
like to remind that the non stream to is
shorter than the Iranian one and the
price of the transportation would be
lower many fold
doneita goes through the Ukrainian route
it is publicly available information it
is have been constructed on the basis of
important technologies that reduces the
risks of breakdowns and it reflects the
collage a concerns also there is a clear
understanding that the opponents
opponents of the North stream to a not
so concerned about the energy efficiency
in Europe or ecology much rather they
concerned about the rule about the own
significance you know the energy system
said already that any European country
can buy liquefied gas where it deems
necessary so in this case you should not
mislead anyone and deceive anyone you
are buying
more expensive products then it's just a
political decision so you know you we're
speaking about classical politician of
cooperation here and this polarization
being conducted not by Russia but by
Warsaw as Ukrainian transit trans is
cast in the Polish capital Russia has
repeatedly stated that the
transportation of gas through Ukraine
could be conserved if this way is
economical economic and efficient my
name is Andrey should have represented
test agency
I'm very pressed more impressed than the
you were in Washington we didn't have
such Hall in Washington we couldn't get
any vacant seats so now it's your
personal set only for you and no one
could deprive you of this sit so we were
discussing it's a topic about balton I
try to ask question posed by booty but I
didn't have any time so the put in
question
that's not rich - um I was about the
situation which followed to the
Imaging's Helsinki I like to ask whether
Bolton responded somehow to the topic
button discussed this with mr. Lavrov
and with other officials
maybe mr. Bolton gave any comments
during the meeting with mr. Lavrov
correctly correctly that that is this
meetings with it within our competence
but it's not very correct to cite what
was said behind closed doors we shared
our comments and what was generally said
but the only thing that we can
understand that that they are having
hard times there in Washington like to
ask another question about the expert
can be expert community about the
Congress I got into your estimates as
for the situation abroad where Russia
possesses influential expert communities
if you are speaking about the instance
on the political situation we are not
aiming to infants the situations in the
countries where
competitors leave our main aim is to
solve the problems and issues relating
to the learning of the Russian language
use worked for many years in the United
States and you know that there is high
interest in learning Russian we are also
dealing with passwords with contacts and
so on and we're also supporting the
initiatives as a community we are
supporting the media and cultural
projects undertaken by them whether
these expert communities where the
consolidated actually we have a special
section which is in charge of this topic
we had recently Congress in in New York
and the Brooklyn Congress relating to
the comparison topic there's
discrepancies in the views so we can
speak about Germany about Canada about
other countries where our experts
communities are very strong and we are
maintaining regular contacts with them
maybe Argentina is out of your the scope
of your questions but a year ago I
visited this country and I had
consultations there I'm at the
representatives of our community it is a
very well-structured
a reflecting this public the social
structure in Argentine
nice fella pilgrim system can create
leadership and our community post a
special targets special task that we
needed to turn and work on like the
education and work with a children and
so on
Associated Press news agency
how could you command that Mister sense
of gold and award of European Parliament
saw her of award I do not know what to
command about that it was a highly
politicized decision we do not know the
reasons and the motives behind a
decision in fact that it is politicized
is obvious any more detailed information
how this decision was taken maybe he can
share this information with us because
when I'm asked about about a director
sense of I asked her whether any one of
you watched his movies and it turns out
that almost no one the decisions and the
mode is for the decisions well this were
defined by the organizers maybe they
should have chosen
Savchenko rather than a sense of because
her situation is moon grave then of the
sense of because she returned to the
homeland and where she had been between
she was supported and inspired at first
like in the case of sense of
and then she was restrained yes Japanese
her news agency I would like to ask a
question about the INA tree yesterday
Deputy Minister are f-cove
was giving a speech program first
channel that said too that Russia would
give a draft decision to one of the
commedia cell for the UN this is just a
dreamer plan so the fact that that so
said about the verification of the
treaty you say that Russia is always
open but not imposing anything don't you
think that there are unique
opportunities now to solve the problems
with the United States and then spread
to the provisions of the treaty to other
regions
we have also missile problems between
Russia and Japan because we are planning
to introduce the anti-missile defense
yes defense distant against the North
Korea Korean missiles and Russia is
against that so if our we are making
this treaty Universal we could resolve
many more problems as for Russian
passiveness would like to remind you the
story about the
since the tiny electrical components
produced are only imparted here the
ballistic treaty we had different kind
of a motives Iran for instance just
remember how actively Russia has tried
not a demonstrate but just to show on
different examples the visibility of the
Earth's motives to draw from the treaty
draws down on different levels Moscow
hotels hosted a meeting with a
participation of all all the circles of
academic circles political circles the
participants were showing that the
arguments have presented by the yes they
were not acceptable because it they
disrupted the and undermine in the
system does an open conference for all
the participants and even those didn't
manage to come they receive the
materials this is a one not example of
our responsible attitude we understand
that each country has its own stunts
sometimes they have different opinions
are different times like the United
States
we believe they can change their
position like I'd like to share by this
example our active role in preserving
the current agreements in order to
maintain the international stability
it's not to the question about our
passiveness we were conducting outreach
activities on these ABM Treaty we were
providing answers on any American
statements where we were presenting our
own facts every meeting we were posing
this question to the leaders of the
United States to the administration and
it was also in the presidential agenda
but the issues not about us and not
neither about our position but in the
wish of the United States to draw from
many of international agreements I've
talked about the Universal Postal Union
these agreement concerns almost all all
countries and these move reflects the
yes current position as for the future
architecture of the security if this
treaty is a distraught disrupted on the
wish of one country the world should
think how it would live in the future
they say that they want to introduce a
new system of stability but actually we
do not see any signs of it in what is
being done by the United States maybe I
can cite some examples next time
don't you Valley news agency there would
be a new meeting on Syria in Turkey with
the participation of Russia Turkey and
other countries at the presidential
level maybe you could provide some
comments and what could we expect from
that what and how with what role will
the corporation play in this process mr.
Ellis as for the meeting itself it's up
to the presidential administration as
for dialogue it is always important and
relevant in spite of the level even
especially when we're talking about the
countries that are playing an important
role in the region yes please
Pakistani media rebel general recently
Pakistani authorities have seized the
activities of a number of non-commercial
organizations in the area of charity and
health care they were accused of holding
anti governmental activities on the
territory of the country it is worth
noting that nine of these organizations
were from the United States three from
the United Kingdom judging by the
experience of Russia what are the
possible consequences for Pakistan in
the country which tries to establish and
hold an independent political line and
does Russia regret that back in the day
in spite of international pressure it
managed to defend its rights and its
sovereignty and to take relevant
decisions you know judging by your
concerns by the independence of Pakistan
I would base my uncertainties and say
that based on the Independence of the
decisions of Pakistan commenting on the
internal agenda would not be
possible and correct if this is the
decision of Pakistan then this is a
question that was agreed upon in
Pakistan and has nothing to do with the
Russian Federation this is a matter of
your internal agenda if in this case
there is a certain link with the Russian
Federation and please state it I don't
know about it
speaking of Russian experience yes
unfortunately in the recent years we
have faced certain countries and
activities of organizations related with
the United States of America and other
countries in Europe these NGOs were not
conducting the activities that were
officially stated this much I can
confirm these concerns NGOs and
unfortunately a whole number of media
yes please
thank you Rudolf TV channel
unfortunately I could not answer asked
my question to John Dalton I didn't get
my turn so I come back to you again
during the meeting with Minister Lavrov
was there any discussion on the Russian
concerns on the US intention to
establish a quasi-state in Syria and
what was the u.s. position keeping in
mind the fact that Bolton stated that he
had an agreement with Moscow to
coordinate the efforts and actions in
Syria the u.s. position on this matter
as you said is a question of your future
Locke when asking questions for mr.
Bolton and other US authorities
representatives as for Syria of course
this matter was discussed and Russia has
stated its own approaches once again I
think the Americans know them all too
well since we have regular dialogue in
particular on the Syrian matter talking
about the future of this state
as an integral independent and sovereign
state and the country this is our
position of course in this case I think
we're not tied by Bolton's visit this is
our Republic position ain't at everyone
including the American partners and
other interested parties this is the
position of the Russian Federation in
the context of the Syrian crisis
settlement we say that division in Syria
is unacceptable it is unacceptable to
establish any enclaves in its territory
which would not be controlled by
Damascus by the official and legal
authorities yes please remenber all of
the federal news agency Russia I have a
question on Ukraine the leader of both
Kushina party Yulia Tymoshenko stated
that in case of her victory during the
presidential elections once again yes
again she would reclaim Donbass
she said that they will have peace on
Ukrainian conditions she said that she
would reclaim Ukrainian Don bus in
accordance with Ukrainian law they would
demilitarize the territories in your
opinion is it possible to reclaim
Donbass by Ukraine it is possible to
implement the Minsk agreements while
make up any new schemes which only
reflect the internal political views in
Ukraine Ukraine itself signed the Minsk
agreements the Minsk measures as a real
road map as you said towards reclaiming
Donbass as said by the international
community to solve the internal
Ukrainian conflict the Minsk agreements
exist they just need implementation
perhaps that is the way that the
Ukrainian politician meant by saying in
accordance with the Kiev policy this is
a question that should be referred not
to anyone else yes please miss Front
international news agency the Bulgarian
section my question also concerns the
new initiative of Donald Trump to
withdraw from the INF treaty commenting
on his initiative in Stoltenberg the
NATO secretary-general accused Russia I
saying that the problem is Russia's
behavior and that is exactly the reason
why the u.s. takes such a decision
perhaps he did not hear that the u.s.
President was talking about China if I
make a quote he said all the allies are
united in their thought that the u.s.
fully complies with the treaty
conditions the problem and the challenge
is Russia's behavior I have an advice to
the NATO authorities and let me give a
piece of advice to mr. Stoltenberg
please read the declarations that were
made by the US president there were many
of them perhaps it could be useful to
read all of them and take a look at the
concerns expressed by the American side
before once again accusing Russian
Federation of everything there is one
more aspect mr. Stoltenberg who holds
regular dialogue with the head of the
Russian Foreign Ministry and if Nader
had any exact facts we have bilateral
agreements and if NATO expresses the
will of the allies and if NATO had any
information that Russia did not comply
with its obligations he could have
passed them on he could have used this
initiative but we did not receive any
materials of this kind even though we
had a reason
meeting with him if you do not have any
more questions then let's do a second
round follow-up questions to your Ansan
Karabakh and Bolton can we say that
Russia and the United States have full
understanding on the matter of Karabakh
settlement that the countries have this
similar direction you know at this point
judging by the actively promoted digital
diplomacy of the United States for any
talk about the similarities position is
rather risky everything changes several
times a day I was answering your exact
question in the part relating to the
peaceful settlement of the Karabakh
conflict in this case peaceful
settlement is what we support
since this complies with the Russian
approaches now thank you very much see
you next time goodbye
