like never Sierra there's been garaged
anemia progressed the organelle the
law-enforcement agencies have begun
their walk according to the latest
information of the Russian executive
Investigative Committee this action is
qualified as a murder of two or more
people the authorities of the Russian
Foreign Ministry and our employees would
like to express our condolences to the
friends and families of the victims
we wish an expedient recovery toll those
who were injured we wish you strength
and courage to live through these
horrific minutes we share this pain and
the sorrow with you I also wanted to say
that we are receiving reactions from our
foreign partners and colleagues from the
heads of foreign States from diplomats
from the public with words of
condolences and support for our country
in these tragic minutes we are grateful
for the sincere words and condolences
and the support that we hear we also
receive questions on whether the victims
include foreign citizens this
information as well as any other
information that might be available by
the citizens on this issue
on whether there is confirmed
information on foreign citizens among
the victims can be related or to the
phone line the number is present on your
screens first of all the hotline of the
Russian Interior emergency ministry
encouraged as well as the consular
section of the Russian embassy in Kiev
and the representation the mission of
the Foreign Ministry of the Russian
Federation in Simferopol the phone
numbers are in front of you we will also
put a message on our social network
accounts aside from the work carried out
by law enforcers please take note of
verified information you may also use
these phone numbers to confirm the names
and the citizenship of the people who
killed or injured in today's attacks we
can only verify this information and
keep you updated I shall now move on to
other topics the schedule of the Foreign
Minister on the 20th to the 22nd October
the Foreign Minister of the Republic of
Madagascar will visit Moscow on the 22nd
of October the Russian Foreign Minister
will host talks between the foreign
ministers of two countries the two
ministers will discuss a number of
issues in the Russian Medicus curling's
with a priority on their further
development it will exchange views on
the current issues on the international
agenda including on blocking the
conflicts in Africa with a particular
focus on the Great Lakes the Central
African Republic South Sudan and the
Horn of Africa
27th of October in Moscow the Foreign
Minister Sergey Lavrov will take part in
the Russia Africa forum organised by the
world Russian University Alumni
Association and the African business
initiative the invitees include
prominent Russian and African political
and public figures the scientific and
academia community business community
students and youth organizations the
goal is an exchange of opinions and
views on the current issues in the
development of Russia African relations
their state and prospects including
political commercial humanitarian and
cultural links this forum is considered
in the context of the upcoming Russia
Africa summit its importance was
underlined by Russian President Putin
during the 10th summit of breaks in your
hands Berg in July this year on the 26th
of October the Russian Foreign Minister
will take part in the opening ceremony
of archive materials on the 190th
anniversary of the establishment of
Russia Brazil diplomatic relations it
was prepared by the Russian Foreign
Ministry with the support of the Embassy
of Brazil in Moscow invitations were
sent to the members of the diplomatic
corps members of the academia cultural
community media and public organizations
an exhibition will include documents and
photos on the history of the links
between our two states the beginning of
this links was marked on the 3rd of
October 1828 by the order to appoint the
first Russian envoy to Brazil currently
our states have strategic partnership it
was established in the year 2000 Brazil
is an important partner for Russia in
the Latin American and Caribbean region
our countries have constructive
cooperation on the key international
forums and arenas including the UN g20
and breaks we have increasing volumes of
cooperation in the trade and economic
spheres in innovations investments and
science we also have increasing links in
the civil society area moving on to
another international matter I would
like to begin with the situation around
Maria butanna we are keeping an eye on
the situation with Russian citizen who
was arrested in the United States and
America on a made up protect of being an
agent of a foreign government according
to our opinion she is a political
prisoner on the 10th of October Russian
diplomats in Washington visited her in
prison at the end of September her
imprisonment regime was changed and the
attitude towards the Russian citizen was
improved she does not have to stand the
humiliating procedures anymore she is
now allowed to take more walks outside
of her prison cell she has the right to
communicate with other prisoners to read
books in Russian language overall this
helps stabilize the morale of our
citizen currently along with the lawyers
their preparations are going on to the
next court hearing plant on the 13th of
November this year we insist that the
Russian citizen is non guilty we
reiterate our demand to set mariya boots
in a free this is a definite case of an
anti Russian campaign by Washington and
she is another victim of the so-called
American justice she is in fact a
political prisoner I repeat that once
again and you constantly visit the Maria
Buettner will take place on the 17th of
October moving on to Syria the situation
in the state remains complicated the
memorandum on stabilisation of the
situation in
it lived escalation zone is being
carried out it was assigned after the
talks of the Russian president with the
president of Turkey in Sochi on the 17th
of September on Monday Oh on the 15th of
October all radical groups were supposed
to leave the Demilitarized Zone part of
the terrorists following the previous
withdrawal of heavy forces actually left
but the terrorists from high attack rear
al-sham the former al nusra front
refused to do so al nusra managed to
consolidate a number of other al-qaeda
affiliated groups included Horace al
Deen and the Islamic party of Turkestan
therefore the terrorists have managed to
establish a United field headquarters to
continue their provocative actions we
hope that our Turkish partners will
carry out their part of the work in the
memorandum and will provide its
implementation we're still concerned
about the situation in the northeast of
Syria where the American forces were
their allies from the Kurds are trying
to establish the quasi state structures
of control to replace the illegal Syrian
authorities the activities of these
structures do not show efficiency and
their outrageous actions provoked
protests among the locals there are
increasing cases of terrorist attacks by
ISIL forces as well by new illegal armed
forces who are discontent with the
self-proclaimed rulers recently ISIL
forces captured several hundred people
several hundred civilians in the Alba
Roth camp most of the hostages are
people who lived in the villages on the
eastern bank on your Freitas they were
trying to escape the violence of
terrorists and the bombings and
shootings and shellings from the
coalition supported by the Kurds and led
by the United States according to some
data ten hostages have already
executed by ISIL the Kurdish forces are
supported by the US military but they're
doing that in a rather strange or
unprofessional fashion often they use
indiscriminate actions which do not
healed they required or stated results
last Saturday the Syrian media reported
they used by the aviation of the
coalition of white phosphorus munitions
around the village of Hajin
they killed civilians children and women
while the United States did not sign the
Additional Protocol to the Geneva
Convention of 1949 as well as the
Convention on certain conventional
weapons of 1980 which call the white
phosphorus munitions weapons of mass
destruction and ban their use but the US
military could not realize what
consequences they might face and what
consequences the use of such weapons
might have there are certain positive
aspects the territories controlled by
the Syrian government still have efforts
to restore normal life on 15th of
October and you now see frontier
checkpoint was opened on the Syria
Jordan border traffic has also been
restored on the highway between Beirut
Damascus and Amman this event is very
important in the restoration of economic
activity in Syria there is now an
opportunity to come back for hundreds of
thousands of Syrian refugees who found
temporary shelter in Jordan we would
like to emphasize a serious contribution
of the Russian military in providing the
establishment of the work of this
checkpoint
as well as the efforts of Israel and
Syria
and the separation line according to the
agreement of the 31st of May 1974
according to our information following
long talks the US has finally agreed to
provide safeguards for security in the
55 to a metre established zoning round
their illegal military base of all towns
for the UN humanitarian convoys as well
as convoys of the Red Cross committee
and the Syrian Society of the Red
Crescent let me remind you the
historical manner of our Western
colleagues who were demanding access for
humanitarian cargo in other parts of
Syria now when we are talking about the
territory that they are controlling and
doing that in an illegal fashion the
access for UN convoys was a very
problematic point to talk about the
convoy was supposed to deliver the
long-awaited medical and food aid to the
people living in the rope car a rock
band camp for internally displaced
persons we hope this event will take
place in the nearest future at the same
time the lack of access of the Syrian
authorities to the Alton phase owned
aggravates the situation in the south
and regions of Syria and turns this US
occupied territory into a safe haven for
terrorists and radicals and prevents the
organization of voluntary and safe
withdrawal of tens of thousands of
people who are locked in rugburn from
long months and cannot come back home
now talking about the white helmets
as serious thoughts coming back to
normal life and people still worrying
about the safety of their friends and
family they start actually talking about
what they've been through revealing such
shocking details of their activity of
the so called white helmets who are
being called heroes in the West but in
fact they're only carrying out pseudo
activities and fake activities and it is
horrific to think what these people have
been through it is apparent that the
white helmets have discredited
themselves and tarnished their
reputation as the so-called source of
trustworthy information along with the
London pub that was turned into an
observatory for human rights situation
in Syria and the sponsors of these
so-called NGOs include the more of those
who think about the feasibility of
further financed mints for the
organization's it is apparent that white
helmet activists will continue carrying
out their criminal activities as long as
it is needed by their creators and by
those who provide them with financial
aid this is seen in the de-escalation
zone of Eid Lib which still has high
chances of a false flag chemical attack
on more than one occasion independent
journalists doctors and bloggers like
vanessa billy raja lemah veer members of
the swedish doctors for human rights
organisations not simply unmasked in the
white helmets know they published the
real shocking facts and information
which prove the deliberate damage to the
health of civilians in syria just to get
nice shots and videos and to prepare new
propaganda
use the locals currently claimed that
for example in Aleppo enrollment to the
white helmets did not require emergency
aid skills they required recommendations
from the local al-nusra front the
information on the admirable work of
these so called humanitarians was
exaggerated most of them were not
volunteers they were on the monthly
payroll and even as members of the
organization's they did not get any
medical knowledge this is not what they
were paid for but they did receive
military training including shooting and
mining and this was necessary for them
to work I wonder what these people are
feeling what about those who for
glorifying the white helmets and put
them on a high pedestal along with the
people who gave their lives in the fight
for peace I remember all over the world
these organizations was shown as a
paragon of virtue and humanity I wonder
how the ideologies feel now that they
know that the white helmets impose real
bans on medical help they threatened the
doctors with weapons until they made the
required videos there is also another
area of activity in the white helmet
activity the black market organ
transplants it has also been flourishing
under their patronage I think that
unfortunately this part of their
activity will only be under
investigation and the facts that will be
revealed
and shown to the judgment of the public
and this information will absolutely
shocked all of us several months ago
nobody in the West doubted the methods
of the activities of this organization
we all remember the liberation of the
Syrian territory when white gas with the
active financial support of their
sponsors hastily started evacuating from
Syria to Jordan so since that time it's
been more than three months and the
representatives of these organizations
keep remaining in Jordan of course they
do have prospects of going to Holland
Germany Great Britain but for some
reason the Western sponsors the founders
of this movement who from the very
beginning promised to white Cask to host
them in European countries in
approximately three weeks didn't do so
what is obstructing them from this do
they have no money for a way tickets or
they cannot issue a visa so is it about
something else
hundreds of these activists and the
members of their families live in a camp
near the city of zurka isolated from the
external world their legal status is not
defined all of these points to the fact
that in the West these people are not
really welcome now in normal European
countries maybe it's about the fact they
there they learned about the biography
of the proto JS who've been trained for
many years so after this they decided
not to host them well who doubt that one
thing is to commit crimes in Syria and
the other thing is to bring these
luggage the so-called luggage to Europe
at the same time you never know what
these white cask
start expressing when somebody asks them
about their activities and sponsors in a
free European land they have to live
through and earn somehow some of them do
to not really understand in this
situation start to talk about the
trainers who didn't manage to get them a
fine life so perhaps they would start
talking about their real activities we
will continue closely monitoring this
topic and we will share information
about the human tere and activities of
Wight casks and other pseudo human
turian organisations like them that are
still in Syria and continue damaging the
settlement and the normalization of
civilians Libyan 9th of October Tripoli
sentenced the crew of the tanker in
Libya it was detained in 2016 in Libya
on a charge of smuggling of Libyan oil
products and two citizens of this crew
and the first officer mr. Sam olive as
well as the second officer of the
captain who is the Ukrainian national
was sentenced to four years three months
of imprisonment and payment of more than
10 million u.s. dollars to compensate
the harm done
currently Russian diplomats clarify the
details of the sentence and the
procedure with appeal and they are going
to render all assistance to our
nationals
from the time our russian seamen were
detained in Libya the issue of the
freedom is always raised with the Libyan
authorities by foreign ministry and
law-enforcement bodies and the this girl
is the priority in the Russian Libyan
relations and its agenda another
topic on Libya we received questions on
this and we were asked to comment the
materials that appeared in British mass
media on the alleged Russian meddling in
Libya including the supply of arms to
live in national army under the command
of mr. Hoffa we've reiterated that there
is a real information war waged against
Russia it is a real battle without rules
it is inspired by various conjectures
regarding the activities of our country
and I think that one of the main roles
in this is unfortunately played by
British medium and there are various
topics in this field now there is a new
ok not really new topic but it started
at a new level here you have for your
attention a topic these are the
innuendos on the Russian Medellin in
Libya but I think that those who chosen
who've chosen this anti Russian policy
they wouldn't rest on this laurels so
they'll find other methods so we cannot
really start a serious discussion it has
no use we think it's not really
important but on the Foreign Ministry
webpage we have examples of such fake
news so I'd like to underline as for
Libya Russia rigorously fulfills the
decisions adopted by UN Security Council
regarding Libya and it's in its
practical steps it focuses on the
interaction with all responsible Libyan
parties for the benefit of Sunna
implementation of the provisions of
roadmap of national reconciliation Libya
that was drawn up by a special envoy of
the UN secretary-general on Libya mr.
Salam and we will inform you on our
efforts on these avenir on a daily basis
Ukraine
you've all witnessed a outrageous
situation the 14th of October in Kiowa a
group of nationals from the right sector
of the organization of Ukrainian
nationalists and other organizations
held a number of provocations on another
anniversary of the Ukrainian army that
is in famous for its severe attitude
toward civilians during the Second World
War and these radical groupings think
about the fifth column
among the Ukrainians and to scare them
they marched with the xenophobic and
Nazis motors through a series of various
cities the largest took place in keya
where they tried to destroy a monument
to the heroic memory among them the
monument to various heroes and who by
the way liberated Kiev and died because
of the allies of the Nazi collaborators
besides the a building was throwing
stone Center and the National still feel
quite free and nobody punishes them in
Ukraine and even international
organizations started paying attention
to these but the current leadership of
Ukraine supports them and there's a
number of these arbitrariness events and
all of this has to do with the so-called
Russian threats of these anti-russian
sentiment national sentiments in you
cray obstruct the implementation of
Minsk agreements and feel these
sentiments in the country and all of
this is exploited within the political
campaign to attract the Elector through
such wild measures at the same time the
president of Ukraine was talking about
another Russian aggression on the issues
of Azov sea and we hope that Ukrainian
authorities will find some strength to
refused this destructive policy that
only increases the split in the society
and fuels the controversy it's never too
late and I hope that the Ukrainian
people would give their own assessment
to these deeds and in relation to these
examples of such nut cyst manifestations
and xenophobia I would like to talk
about the draft resolution during the
East 73rd session of the UN General
Assembly that together with other
co-sponsors planned to submit a draft of
the traditional resolution called
combating the glorification of Nazism
neo Nazism and other practices that
contribute to fueling of contemporary
forms of racism racial discrimination
xenophobia and related intolerance this
initiative has to do with our deep
concerns over the march of various kinds
of extremist groupings such as neo-nazis
and skeet has that resort to violence
against people with other skin colour
confession and immigrants we are also
concerned with the rights of xenophobic
and racist incidents again the backdrop
of the migration crisis in Europe quite
often these groups are inspired by the
ideology and practice against which the
United Nations fights and it was founded
to fight against these seventy more than
70 years ago and the world was supposed
to learn lessons from this history the
resolution condemns the glorification of
Nazis movement and former members of the
waffen-ss organization which includes
the opening of monuments and memorials
as well as halt in public demonstrations
in order to glorify not Syst past Nazis
movement and neo Nazism we lay a great
emphasis on the erection of monuments in
honor of SS and marches and such actions
that is honor memory of numerous victims
of fascism they affect the younger
generations and contradict the
obligations of UN member states and the
co-sponsor can not ignore the fact that
the countries who
what against anti-hitler coalition or
collaborated with Nazis insistently try
to glorify Nazis heroes and we think
that it's not about being politically
incorrect but is it is an outrage
cynicism and profanity towards those who
liberated the world from this courage of
National Socialism and the draft
underlines that such acts is not the
administration of Rights but it is the
abuse clear and obvious abuse of the
freedom of peaceful assembly and
Association and freedom of opinion and
expression and this falls within the
scope of the article four of
international convention of the on the
eradication of all forms of racial
discrimination this has to be prosecuted
criminally the draft resolution
considers the recommendation of the
Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms
of racism of the UN Council on Human
Rights drawn up by the Tendai heo media
and it has a nemesis on the problem of
the use of ICT to proliferate various
racist and Anton ideology and ideas of
Nazism and neo Nazism Russia and other
co-sponsors cannot turn a blind eye to
the expanding yellow expanding practice
of holding Memorial events with the
participation of officials in honor of
Legionaries of Nazis group waffen-ss
that is responsible for the death of
tens of thousands of people during the
Second World War and these are people
from various countries and we cannot be
indifferent to the deeds when instead of
Soviet liberators we see monuments to
Legionaries of waffen-ss and the day of
the liberation from nasa's 'm is
declared the day of mourning and the
police protects the marches our veteran
Nazis in military dress with all the
decorations who annihilated civilians
the stalks are on the Russian draft
resolution is scheduled for the end
October and
we hope that there will be a
constructive dialogue with members of
other delegations we are convinced that
this will unite and consolidate other UN
member states Sergey Lavrov repeated in
his interviews that we will submit into
the first committee of the UN General
Assembly the draft resolution on the
informational Security International
Security and on the tolls of October the
draft was submitted for General
Assembly's consideration it is aimed at
the rules adopted by international
community - for responsible behavior of
States and information state and it
focuses on a solely peaceful use of ICT
non-use of force or threat of force
non-interference in domestic affairs of
other countries respect for state
sovereignty and prevention of conflicts
in this field it is aimed at protecting
the digital field from slander
provocation that and the state that used
their technological advance and want to
dictate their will to other states
despite active countermeasures of these
countries as of 16th of october the
russian draft has 12 co-sponsors with
the total population of these countries
accounts for one-fourth of the world
population currently the United Nations
launched an active discussion around the
Russian initiative whose aim is to
ensure peaceful interaction of all
states in the information space we've
repeatedly stated our opinion and we
promise to answer your questions
regarding the topic and a depressing
situation with the visas long granting
of visas by the years - citizens of our
countries this process is virtually
blocked and we paid attention to the
statements made by the representatives
of the consulate service of the US
in Russia we were proposed a battle on
visa insurance number and we said that
we are ready we are ready to harmonize
timeline for consideration of visa
applications and the way these
applications are submitted I mean the
simplification of the application
procedure but our respond remained
unanswered and in practice I can say
that the timeline for the visa
obligatory visa interview is 300 days
which massively disrupts trips
I mean business cultural scientific
sport and just friendly trips and Human
Terrain trips as well people have to
sort out the problems but they cannot do
this and the US authorities also
purposefully obstruct the normal work of
Russian diplomatic and consulate
representatives for many months
sometimes more than a year they do delay
and food track the permissions issues
for the entrance of new employees and
these visa denials also have go for the
permanent mission of Russia to UN they
use the fact that the UN headquarters
are located in Washington although they
committed to ensuring unhampered
activities for the organization and of
the foreign missions accredited at the
UN the United Nations headquarters and
as for the purposeful food dragon in
consideration of visa applications the
Russian representatives who are posted
to specialized events taking place in
the year at the UN headquarters they
also have problems because of these
obviously this is done to silence the
voice of Russia at the UN another bright
example of such policies the non
granting of visa that was applied for in
July by a important employee of foreign
ministry who was awaited for the session
of the first committee of General
Assembly and it's work started in
October merhaba recently
American authorities without any reasons
denied entrance to a Russian national
was officially appointed to a UN
Secretariat it is interesting that they
delayed the answer for a year thus
creating problems to the United Nations
that the vacancy was not fulfilled and
this issue is a problem not only for
Russia but for other UN member states so
the US authorities who carry out this
policy and implement this blatantly
abuse the privilege of locating the UN
headquarters in Washington I'll remind
the organization is called United
Nations it's not regional it is an
international global organization
doesn't belong to anybody it is a world
organization so the u.s. manipulates
visas and visa issues to exert pressure
on other countries and they arbitrarily
define who is allowed to take part in UN
events and who is not and this is not
acceptable it is a violation of
international law and the international
community has to start monitoring this
situation and I have to comment these
statements of American politicians and
diplomats made over the last time it has
become out traditional but we paid
attention to the statement of the Envoy
to Armenia mr. Nields he participated in
the amin ian american event on the 9th
of october in this statement was very
outright the US ambassador said that
over the last ten years the US embassy
has been supporting certain groups in
the amin ian society and certain
representatives in the parliament of
iminium and the ambassador was talking
about the meddling into domestic affairs
over mania
without any embarrassment even with a
fried know of this is done for the
benefit of Armenia to make it a just and
transparent society and off quote at
some point the ambassador understood
that it is a wrong track and he adjusted
his words and he said that the recent
changes in the Republic of Armenia were
caused by internal reasons and by the
wheel of the population of Minea to
change things but the first part of his
statement was voiced in the TV channel
he was talking about the functioning of
the political system he gave pieces of
advice on how to develop the economy of
the country an example a quote so the
ambassador of the US in uranium I'm
concerned by the signals that I received
that somebody in the government of
Amenia thinks that it is necessary to
consolidate the limited resources of the
government in high-tech sectors and I
know about their resources that for this
reason have already been eliminated from
such sectors as winemaking tourism and
to extraction what that is very
interesting so is it good to meddle in
the domestic affairs of other countries
or not let's define something about this
so the outgoing ambassadors concluded
with the following words my friends in
the Iranian medium be principled and
watch the activities of the government
of Armenia so that was an advice to
those who were going to remain in
Armenia he also mentioned that the
strengthening of civil society and media
would require a line share of the 26
million dollars American aid that would
go to Armenia in 90 in 2019 so I've
started this part of the briefing I
talked about the situation around Maria
Bettina she didn't bring any money to
the years she was not telling the US
authorities how to allocate resources
whether to work on why making or tourism
oh she didn't try to change the official
status she didn't have an official
status she was not an official member of
Russia she didn't tell the civil society
how to act Maria Medina is imprisoned in
the American prison she is humiliated
and she is called names across the world
what are the American ambassadors
allowing themselves on top of this
attack to democracy when media
representative cannot answer they are
also killing themselves by this and this
is a the manifestation of hypocrisy
reigning in the US public life
all this is an eloquent example of the
current policy of Washington that
interferes into the internal affairs of
foreign countries on the scent of
Socktober Canada entered into force the
cannabis act as a 45 we are sure that
this legislation runs counter
international regime of an track control
and in this context Russia
participates actively in the community
fighting against drug trafficking
illegal trades in tracks and etc we
received a lot of questions that of
course it requires our countries of
course it violates the stipulations of
Convention of 1971 80
61 and Convention on the fight against
drug traffic 1971 according to which a
member country should take measures to
prohibit export and import of cannabis
and the Canada legislation does not
include the considering of cannabis as a
narcotic substance such truck liberate
run counter the agreement on to reach
Canada has to has not to refer to
internal legislation to justify non non
observance of these treaties and the
principle of factors on cervantes still
a pliable legislation of recreational
cannabis is allegedly aiming at
improving health and well-being of
canada's citizens it is false this is
quite a false interpretation of existing
anti-drug legislation and Canada ignores
drug regime we believe that anta logic
of selective observance of international
agreements since high hypocrite
hypocrite and it distorts the rule of
water and conception that has been
promoted by certain Western political
forces the
of Drug Control and the violation of
such a regime creates from our opinion
the situation when the traffic in
cannabis would be increased to countries
that strictly observe such conventions
Russia is other countries will have to
will have to create new law new
extraordinary measures were taken
against RT channel in the USA the
channel was excluded from Broadcasting
Network in the USA comcastic even
spectrum cover in New York New Jersey
Santiago Los Angeles and Chicago in one
case the decision was justified by John
McCain amendment into the act on
national national defense for 2018 in
other case they referred to change in
strategy of broadcasting because
according to them developing of internet
made it unuseful to broadcast and it is
true and it is evident that I will speak
here about a systematic pushing out of
RT that offers alternative opinion on
some international events and on
clarifying some facts that are not
that's not fit into the logic of
Washington and we will keep eye on the
situation these
this measures into the logic of of the
observance by the USA on the freedom of
a medium now turn into the media
we heard some absurd and wild
accusations against our countries about
alleged cyber attacks of our countries
to the Islam Channel and first of all we
would like to underline that inspiring
conjecture towards the activities of
Russia is very widely promoted in the UK
after this hysteria over us cripple Keys
we see is that there is the need to
insinuate once again more and more
Russia our best embassy in London I
spoke about the situation with the
leadership of the channel and it has
come out that cyber attacks took place
in 2015 and trials were made by
investigators by British investigators
and these investigations revealed that
the state was not named and that they
were not briefed enough to name such a
state we heard about such so-called
Russian case from the media so you see
when intelligence and law enforcement
bodies of the UK worked closely with the
leadership of the channel as a result
they were not given such a
precious information and now after some
months and even years we hear such big
news
and leadership of the channel I was
really surprised about these
publications and they made relative
statements and the Russian commentary
was received positively by the channel
because it is quite absurd and it is
evident that this attack was used by
London to accuse our country of
information and information in Greece
aggression we also received questions of
citizens of foreigners I would like to
underline and to remind you that all
these few months remain until the end of
the year and I would like to draw your
attention and attention of foreign
medium to the fact that those who
obtained past periods of spectators and
fans football fans are free to enter
Russia to you the 31st of December of
this year and the information is
available in six languages that clarify
the rules and the procedures of the use
of passports please
give this information to everyone we are
really we are often asked about visa
simplification with European countries
and the Baroque on visa liberalisation I
was very active until 2014
the agreement between Russia and the EU
on these visa simplification stipulates
for visas up tension for five years and
some opportunities to
isolated regime forever also developed
but in March 2014 the EU took unilateral
decision to freeze is a free dialogue
with Russia and denied and refused to
continue talks on further visa
liberalisation this measure took
negative effect on the interests of
Russian and European citizens and
diminished opportunities for serious
progress in this year these countries
were not embarrassed by the fact that
this discrimination is a blatant
violation of basic international and
European norms in human rights area
Russia remains committed to the possible
future non visa regime with new
countries
Sanchi policy such such an ideology as
free cultural and tourist relations is
stipulated in many international
documents for example of the OSCE this
is not a simple wheel it was formulated
and put into a written form and we
continue in the context of difficult
reality insist on the necessity to
resume visit I like on different venues
for example in the Council on management
of visa issues and liberalisation on
visa procedures and we proceed from the
fact that this process is possible only
in the reciprocal way
another topic we were asked to comment
on the statement of deputy assistant
state secretary mr. Kent made in Baku in
context of nagorno-karabakh conflict I
would like to underline that Russia's
position is known and it is reflected in
a statement of Russia Russian US and
French presidents made in 2009 2013 with
the statement with these statements you
can be acquainted in the sight of all
sea during the meetings of with
Azerbaijan leaders they are ready to
discuss what measures should be taken to
settle the situation in nagorno-karabakh
according to the statements made in
tuition bail and the final topic of the
first part of our briefing on the 9th of
October in frak frak
hi University of democritus in Black Sea
region at the center of Russian language
and culture of Russian world foundation
was opened the aim of the center is to
develop programs of Russian and which
learning and University and this would
contribute to expanding cultural
exchanges between Russia and Greece we
are very grateful to Greece a
counterpart Greg to our Greek
counterpart
from 2000 this university teaches
Russian and language literature and
culture and the popularity of rational
in language is increasing we are sure
that this Center will contribute to
mutual understanding between our people
peoples I would like to wish all success
to all participants and students of the
centre now days of Japan are held in
Moscow and we wanted to talk about rich
program that was prepared but Moscow but
because of today's events I believe that
this information should be additionally
placed into our informational resources
honestly speaking I understand that this
information was prepared by many people
who dedicated a lot of time to it but
because of the solo that we express it
is quite inappropriate I am ready to
answer your questions
channel sacred River demon from
September this year the summit is
prepared between Turkey France Germany
and Russia on Syria why do you think
this summit is delayed is it connected
to the problems in Italy the
difficulties of withdrawal of terrorists
from these territories or maybe European
partners doesn't have willingness to do
it what is your attitude towards such a
format or for countries you know I would
like to stress that traditionally we do
not comment on some its organization
because special bodies in
as for example the administration of the
president works on it and the topic that
is not connected to recently planned
protocol or a plant visits and foreign
visits or the ochenta connected to
international forums when we speak about
assignments current some its current
international problems they are
organized not for medium but for real
outcomes and to make sure that on the
level on the production level decisions
can include decisions would be brought
the summit on this topic requires
thoughtful analysis and of course
progress on the grounds and I don't
think that in this situation or we can
speak about and willingness or lack of
possibility or lack of harmonization in
this case it is possible because
nowadays we assist to detail elaboration
as far as the level the ministerial
level is concerned the representatives
of mentioned countries that take part in
Syrian settlement they meet regularly to
settle practical problems and another
part of my question about your attitude
towards the creation of the platform
similar to a sternal format you know
exists informants
operate effectively some of them
unfortunately for example Geneva format
have to progress a lot to be efficient
and the creation of a new format should
be based on realistic approach and
exists in form as they should be result
if strana Coventry Japan TV channel
yesterday the special representative of
a channel of secretary of state of the
u.s. Patriot to Moscow and the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs commented very poorly
on his visit could you please comment on
the meeting of special representative
with mr. Markkula whether they spoke
about know North Korea and why he met
two Russian ministers one of these
ministers is responsible for the
situation in Asian region mr. Markkula
and another Minister Minister is
responsible for Russia America relations
and of course the meeting is very quiet
logical comments were so and detailed
and what did you ask again you spoke
about the visit of regime gene into
Russia yeah I can say once again that in
this case the Russian Foreign Ministry
cannot provide comments on this topic
this is a prerogative of the
administration of the Russian president
yes please
I have two questions first one what do
you think about the statements of mr.
klimkin concerning the annulment of the
agreement between Russia and Ukraine on
the use of the sea of azov and second
question at the end of October mr.
Bolton is expected to visit Russia and
hold a meeting with Minister Lavrov
could you elaborate on the talk on the
topics of the talks and are they going
to discuss the reclamation of diplomatic
property you know they've already made a
comment on the four party high-level
meeting yes speaking of the previous
question concerning Russia France
Germany and Turkey I see a quote by mr.
shikou from the administration of the
president I suggest that he used them as
for your questions the first one on the
statements of mr. klimkin this is
something you was it may today yesterday
I did not take note of it I think we
cannot afford to react to every
statement made daily in Kiev there's no
point in doing so because they all go in
the same anti-russian vein we already
commented on our attitude to the
destructive processes in the context of
the elimination of the basis of our
bilateral relations we've always said
that these processes damage the
bilateral relations and take toll on the
people of our two countries I think we
should not make additional comments on
this exact statement of mr. Clinton
as for your second question concerning
the visit of mr. Bolton I can say that
he might have possible contacts through
the foreign ministry and other
structures of other agencies they can
make their own comments as for the
meeting with Sergei Lavrov it's still
being worked on and I think that if we
reach an agreement we will make an
additional announcement later as for the
issues to be discussed and whether they
include the matter of Russian property
this matter still remains on the agenda
of our contacts with the US colleagues
at all levels we regularly send
diplomatic notes through our embassy in
Washington we send them to our
colleagues in the Department of State
and thanks for reminding me I think that
by the next briefing I should update
this information and tell you how many
requests have been made to visit our own
property how many requests have been
sent to our embassy in Washington I will
provide you the facts so the topic still
remains on the agenda we raised this
issue during all of our contacts at all
levels and I think that any further
contact with the Americans will include
this topic yes please grafton maria
vladimirovna international affairs
magazine the Spanish El Pais newspaper
has published an article it's also has
analyzed the whole number of foreign
media and makes the following conclusion
at mcpoot the European Union sees the
rapprochement between the Trump and
Putin this scares Europe now Europe
supposes that it will stop playing in a
role in the world affairs this has
strengthened the European tendencies to
move closer with Russia who is also an
exporter of energy resources that means
Europe admits its secondary role
the world politics and wants to make
friends only with strong ones can you
comment on this rhetoric this was said
by LPS in Spain if we're talking about
an article in a newspaper well the
author has analyzed a large number of
publications in Western media the
magazines the newspapers this is the
general context I did not see this exact
article I shall read it still I think
that the media should contain political
materials otherwise they will stop being
real media I cannot start a discussion
with the author without reading the
original article I think that would not
be appropriate let me read it and then I
could make a comment yes please toss
information agents say I have two
questions
Staffan de Mistura stated that he
resigns after the end of November as a
year and Special Representative for
Syria for personal reasons can you
comment on this and the second question
in Warsaw the monument to of gratitude
to the Red Army is being dismantled
how can you comment on it as for mr. de
Mistura we highly appreciate his
contribution as a professional as a good
specialist and a diplomat who worked on
the Syrian crisis settlement and on the
negotiation process this is a man who
was listened to by all parties and by
the international intermediaries there
are different opinions of him he of
course he cannot be liked by everyone in
such a complicated matter
as you know Russian diplomats have been
working very closely with mr. de Mistura
at all levels as for his future
activities
and as for the matters of the this post
I think this is a matter of the future
it is too early and premature to talk
about them and you had a second question
I think yes a question on the
dismantlement of the monument in Warsaw
yes unfortunately the general trend is
obvious the dismantlement of monuments
does not simply mean a change of the
image of cities or localities this is a
classical rewriting of history changing
history post facto this is a textbook
example an example of historical
disinformation a mutation of our
historical memory and this is a very sad
fact we're not just talking about
monuments to certain political events or
political activists we are talking about
a monument to ordinary people the people
who gave their lives not due to their
political beliefs but just because of
their personal responsibilities for the
fate of similar ordinary people when
they could help they did everything to
liberate Europe to liberate their fellow
man the people and their families from
fascism from Nazism from all the scourge
and evils who were ravaging through
Europe this is the most atrocious thing
unfortunately politics always meddle in
the historical context and these
policies make the people forget about
the fates of people the exact people
whose names are carved into these
monuments they forget about the
destinies and the fates of the people
this is unacceptable since Poland
adheres to the same democratic values
that we've heard so much about we've
heard so much about human rights so much
about everything related to the
protection of the basic modern European
values how come so we're putting a cross
on all of these values these actions are
carried out with the complacency of the
local authorities in Warsaw or perhaps
the regional authorities these are the
things that do not coincide with each
other of course we can provide another
comment on these facts but still the
trend remains the same and once again we
hear numerous declarations from the
Polish politicians and the Polish
authorities saying that these are
singular cases no they are not singular
this is a global political strategy a
political one and the timing was not
accidental
they chose a moment when our last true
veterans are leaving us the veterans are
the people who still can tell the truth
they can stand for the honor of the
people
who remembers those events their voice
becomes weaker by the day this is the
natural course of things and the moment
when the veterans do not have the
strength including physical strength to
go to rallies and to protect and save
the memory of their compatriots of their
brothers in arms the authorities start
offending their memory starts rewriting
history they violate the memory and the
fates of exact people yes we have
different views on our past yes
in some ways our views coincide yes we
have certain difficult issues of our
common history but then there are fates
and destinies of the people they were
not fighting for politics they were
fighting along with the Polish soldiers
to liberate the country this is their
memory this is their fate and their
destiny
the destiny of their families
unfortunately no one in Warsaw remembers
them and thinks about them yes please
good afternoon West kavkaza Agency last
week mrs. Bajoran camp reported that
Azerbaijan will host new high school of
economics and giemo affiliate structures
how can the Ministry react to this we
can only react in a positive manner d.c
is a very important element of our
bilateral humanitarian cooperation and
we wish we had more examples like this
but this requires further work and this
work is being carried out alright yes
please
newsfront international news agency the
Bulgarian section a question on the
upcoming elections in Donbass we can see
that the US and Ukraine are unwilling to
see such elections
let me quote the first deputy president
of the Rada of Ukraine quoted by
Ukrainian inter Fox the keyed amount and
the key argument of the Ukrainian
delegations and all groups is the demand
to the Russian Federation and its
puppets to cancel any preparations for
the fake elections in the occupied
territories of Donetsk and Lugansk this
was declared during the briefing in Kiev
how can you comment on these statement
and does Ukraine and the US have the
right to insist on canceling the
elections in Donbass I just want to say
that the puppets in this case are those
who the Ukrainian authorities signed the
Minsk agreements with the attitude to
the people has changed so much the joint
action plan with them was signed by the
official authorities of Ukraine I think
this is an indicative example of Kiev's
attitude and its true intentions in
implementing the Minsk Accords if anyone
is serious about implementing the Minsk
agreements then the people of Donbass
should be called our compatriots or
citizens of Ukraine they should be
called a part of their own Ukrainian
people not puppets but perhaps this is
the real attitude to them and I think
when Kiev starts accusing the Russian
Federation of not implementing the Minsk
agreements once again
we can just
remind them of this quote there is
nothing good in inciting additional
hatred and hateful ideas towards their
own people morover
so if we're speaking about recreating
Ukraine and re-establishing the
Ukrainian statehood such declarations
arrows shot into the already wounded
body of the Ukrainian state yes please
German peril of federal News Agency
several questions first also concerns
Ukraine making a comment on yesterday's
su-27 plane downing alexander sharon of
the parliament expressed his concerns by
the actions of the US military he said
that this is a widespread practice when
members of different states intends to
take part in joint military actions what
does the ministry think about such joint
actions between the Ukrainian and the US
military and the second question on
Egypt today the president of Egypt had
talks with Vladimir Putin and they
discussed restoring direct flights
between the two countries what does the
ministry do on this issue I think the
second question was commented on by the
president during a joint press
conference that was much expected today
that's why we delayed the start of our
briefing so I have nothing to add on
this one as for your first question I
think you are mistaken when you're
talking about the joint actions we're
not talking about in joint actions this
is a relations between the big brother
Washington and it's controlled let me
say puppets
this is the most suitable word for the
political relations between the US and
Ukraine so the in this case we are not
talking about equality or at least
mutually respect in this case the
delivery of all various kinds of lethal
and non-lethal weapons and providing
additional finance meant the endless
incitement of hateful rhetoric and the
demands of Ukraine to enter different
blocks and the endless use of the words
and notions which give a clear
understanding and a clear picture of the
apparent military scenario of the events
all of this has nothing to do with the
respectful attitude to this state and
these people there is nothing worse at
this stage of Ukrainian development than
pushing it towards new military ways of
solving the intra Ukrainian conflict why
are they doing this I think we've
already mentioned it today definitely
this is not done for the sake of Ukraine
and for the sake of reaching normal way
of existence unfortunately this only
aggravates the problems yes please
Ruud our TV channel this situation in
the north east of Syria in particular in
the Syrian Kurdistan
un means the Lavrov have said that this
threatens Syria keeping in mind the fact
that since 2013 the local authorities
have been established
when Damascus lost control over these
territories and there were numerous
statements that the Kurds have a right
to self-determination so what is the
current today's threat is it coming from
the Kurdish authorities or is it
explained by the presence of the US
military bases and the second question
as a follow-up you remembered you
reminded the Geneva format and mr. de
Mistura is currently in Damascus working
on the creating the constitution
committee do you think he will manage
the created before resigning thank you
the motive of Wilson as for the second
question I cannot answer it it is not a
practical question as for the first
question you asked how Russia sees the
problem what is the concern is it the
American presence or the formation of
Karadzic elements of self-government
well we've been talking about it in an
open fashion and today maybe relatively
I've mentioned that these territories is
the place where the Syrian government's
authority is trying to be eliminated so
at these territories the legal authority
cannot implement the reforms and it
cannot administer its authorities and
mandate so the presence of Americans is
illegal in this region it is an
additional element and component of
instability and they implement strategy
that is not aimed at the unification and
reconciliation of the country or to
solve the problem now these are the
factors that facilitate disabilities
disabilities ation please give me an
example
the American forces located somewhere
somehow helped to stabilize situation in
political terms there's no such example
so to stabilize the situation
politically we need to work on an
inclusive dialogue to boost it and not
to divide the people population Sierra
according to various layers but instead
we need to work on a common Constitution
new political parties and unions based
on something common we need to start
with the reconstruction of the country
in a political way so there's no example
when the American forces ever
facilitated such a process so it's not
because you don't know about these
examples just that we do not have any
even more so that all of these happens
against the backdrop when Damascus
cannot exert control over its own
territory nobody's against and nobody
denies that there are local authorities
local self-government it is supposed to
be there if we are talking about an
integral state and this is how we want
to see Syria in future so a integral say
it's supposed that the capital is
supposed to administer its authorities
across the country in all of the regions
when there's no dialogue and you've
mentioned that as well so what is the
role of Russia in continuing their
dialogue with Damascus but mr. mallum
said that we do not plan any dialogues
so what did you say yeah so the quote is
we are going to take control of the
region that we are discussing so how
much is Russia interested in continuing
these
dialogue especially considering that the
Kurdish side never said that it was
going to separate from Syria that would
be strange because we're all talking
about it that we see Syria as an
integral state it is Russia's position
the position of main actors it is stated
by them publicly at least so everybody
without any exception Syria as an
integral state freestyle that has an
opportunity to administer rights of
people meaning various faiths political
beliefs and so on but on the first place
we repeat one and the same idea that
Syria is supposed to be a integral state
as for the dialogue of course the
Russian party will facilitate and boost
this dialogue it is our original
position as for the statement of mr.
mallum I've never seen this statement so
I cannot make any comments upon it but I
know these statements and opinion of
official Damascus it said that it will
continue combating terrorism and the
military force would be used only
against terrorists and militia but we
cannot refuse the legitimate government
their right to carry out his policy
across the country even more so that we
see now that the overwhelming part of
the territory of Syria that is 90%
returned to be the under the control of
Damascus and we see an active work on
reconstruction the country so with the
help of dialogue we can solve many
problems and answer many questions that
Syria faces at the moment but again here
is a question the American forces do
they facilitate this dialogue or do they
have something else on mind do they
encourage courage to do something else
on these territory so the question is
open
yekaterina TV channel star yesterday
Novaya Gazeta published that in czech in
the Czech Republic there was detained
citizens of Russia and Vietnam allegedly
they were involved in issuing permission
for a stain and the law enforcement body
are already involved in Czech Republic
but the Russian law-enforcement bodies
did not start cooperating with them you
ever seen this statement that the Czech
Republic detained several several as it
was mentioned Russia's nationals so the
Russian embassy in Czech Republic has
contacts with the corresponding
law-enforcement bodies and tries to
clarify the details including whether
the arrested had Russian citizenship
Rajab Safarov Iran Roux outlet Maryam
the US have been threatened for a long
time that on the 4th of November it will
introduce the most the severus sanctions
regarding Iran when do they have the
elections by the way remember I mean the
elections in America do you remember so
you see right
so they threat introducing the router
sanctions whose aim is to is against
Iranian oil so the Iranian mass media
even the most I haven't got one hinted
at the following Russia somehow tries to
assist Iran in avoiding negative
ramifications of those sanctions and has
been prepared a large agreement energy
agreement between Russia and Iran and
according to these agreement Russia
purchases Iranian oil from the Caspian
Sea and thus facilitates the process of
to mitigating the ramifications of those
sanctions so can you assess the u.s.
actions on the withdrawal from the
Iran's nuclear deal and the introduction
of new hardest sanction and is it true
that there's going to be find a large
energy agreement between Russia and Iran
s for us pulling out from the jcpoa will
repeatedly assess today's withdrawal mr.
Lavrov all Russian and political figures
assess this as you righteously mentioned
this this goes not only for a policy but
also for economy and world stability and
a number of other aspects of
international life and foreign economic
activities of our country and countries
across the world so these actions were
destructive they contradict the vision
of this situation by the international
community we see that these actions
contradict international law as they
were entrenched in the UN Security
Council resolution and those resolution
with the resolutions were binding the
agreements were binding so this was not
just an agreement between several
countries but this was a legally binding
world-scale document so all these
nuances of the Russian positions are
well known you have all the materials on
the webpage affirm ministry and I
briefly mentioned the highlights so
there's nothing constructive in short
term and long term prospects so this
situation will create additional
tensions in these region we think that
this situation
we'll politically disabled eyes the
region but even in military politically
terms economic terms because the
foundation laid by these agreement the
resolution of concerns political
concerned these all of these paid way to
economic and political and energy fields
and we started interaction European
markets and companies started
cooperating with partners in Iran as for
Russia you know that we had cooperation
with Iran although with restrictions
imposed by international law but in that
code in the context where we had the
right on some room to cooperate with
Iran we did all these and we understand
that the lifting of the embargo and
various tracks was very important and
the decision of the u.s. was a shock for
all of us and we understood why they did
this and there were pre-election
statements of the new administration
that at that moment had been working on
the on the election campaign so at the
moment when all this started we knew
that this decision has been thought upon
and it is very destructive politically
and in terms of the international agenda
I think that it is not a coincidence and
here I'll indulge into a political
analysis so on the 4th of November these
day as it is not a coincidence I ask you
for a certain reason why are the when
are the elections in the US are going to
take place so these accusations that are
borderline accusations and these bright
statements all of these is a part of the
domestic Opel itical strategy the
domestic battle that goes beyond all the
reason so I'm not going to assess the
domestic
events because they are not domestic
anymore but anyways I want the experts
to assess this so you said that Russia
wants to help you run to avoid
ramifications right that was the
question so here I want to I want to
tell you that it's not about assisting
Iran in particular it's just that when
we are talking about energy field we are
all interdependent and this is not the
matter of salvation of the bilateral
relation it goes beyond this so if you
see the concerns voiced by EU structures
and other countries you can see that
everything all the objectives and the
plans of large companies the energy
field companies when these jcpoa was
planned all this has to be cancelled now
and moreover the us of threats
additional unilateral sanctions and so
on and so forth and all of these is a
direct impact on large business and all
of these would lead to destructive
consequences as for the agreement I'll
clarify this and I'll send you the
information two questions the Russian
delegation in the Emirates and do you
have any information about the outcomes
of the visit to the Emirates second
question is on the human terian aid i'll
drug bun camp in the east of syria in
information on this yeah i mentioned
that maybe you were late so at the very
beginning of the briefing i told you
that you have mentioned human terian aid
thank you one second any other questions
our mini a TV channel spouse of the
Deputy Prime Minister initiated a
peacekeeping initiative called women for
peace whose aim is to appeal to peace in
our region and many famous Russian women
visited nagorno-karabakh and appealed to
peace among them
Ludmila Eliska a poet and her then a
head of the moscow theatre diary of
state duma majora and other influential
women so how what's the opinion of the
Foreign Minister of Russia towards this
peace initiative well we appreciate all
the peace initiatives aimed at peace as
for this act the organizers and
participants from Russia
well foreign ministry didn't contact
them so it's very hard for us to assess
the objectives of these visits so we
just learned about this from medium but
we'll proceed from the fact that for
such events to have success it's
important to have attention and support
of all the parties to conflict and here
I'm talking about the situation in the
garden kehrberg other questions
if not then second round marilla team
UNAM i would like here to comment on the
situation that boy since Istanbul in
Consul General because of the merger of
journalists made journalists made the
comments on the situation but the
comments did not clarify the situation
honestly speaking professionally and
personally thank you bye keep an eye on
all available information because
here we speak about an eminent
journalist about the representative of
journalists community and this is one of
the most serious accusations accusations
that we heard towards diplomatic
agency's missions war states we keep an
eye on the situation the situation was
commented on by Sergey Lavrov he said
that we need facts
and I would like to stress that for
enforcement bodies in this case should
act as the main source of information
and secondly we appreciate appreciate
joint actions of Turkey and Saudi Arabia
on investigating available information
as far as your comment is concerned that
many political figures commented on the
situation I would like to stress once
again that it didn't clarify at all the
situation despite the number of comments
I believe that we must base base our
beliefs on the sources of law
enforcement agencies and this is very
important that world reveals the truth
of the situation after the investigation
by proper law-enforcement bodies and
their verdicts you have not questions
may I please greedy until the future
review
