hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
some call Donald Trump a traitor and the
Helsinki summit treasonous as the media
continue their meltdown a second summit
is in the works to be held in Washington
what was accomplished in Helsinki and
what is the point of a sequel summit
Groff sucking summits I'm joined by my
guest mark sloboda he's an international
affairs and security analyst and in
Cyprus we cross to Alex Cristofori he is
the director and writer for the duran
dot-com
alright gentleman crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate
Alex let me go to you first in in Cyprus
I want to in this program I want to talk
about what was and what could happen so
let's it's unpacked Helsinki I don't
necessarily think that it was a failure
for Donald Trump as it was a failure for
the media and their continued meltdown
go ahead yeah I think it was we don't
really know many details as to the
actual policy that was discussed between
the two leaders in Helsinki and one of
the reasons we don't know that much
about the meeting which we should be
discussing policy because after all
that's that's why they met and that's
the important part of the summit all
we're hearing about from the media is is
the meltdown over how Trump is a traitor
how Putin is a thug how Trump sold out
the United States of America and the
this mass hysteria is is clouding and
it's fogging up any discussion as to
what the policy that these men discussed
was what did they talk about regarding
Syria regarding Ukraine
regarding nuclear proliferation no one's
really discussing any of the details and
the important stuff and all we're
hearing is this complete hysteria about
Russia about trouble about how he's a
puppet of the Kremlin and it's it's
reached the point where it's madness I
mean you have to be beyond stupid to
believe that Trump is some sort of
Kremlin spy some sort of Kremlin puppet
it's it's beyond dumb yeah but that's
the narrative that they're pushing Peter
24/7 yeah I know I know mark you know
your take on this because I mean I don't
know if they believe it but they want
the public to believe it this is the
ultimate expression of their rage over
the 2016 election they still haven't
gotten over it neither has Donald Trump
good good point that's a very good point
now I I agree with Chris
Alex Christopher's last statement that
the the idea that it's it is see that
he's some type of Manchurian Candidate
or something but everything else I
disagree with of course there was no
policy being discussed because there was
no policy settled that we don't know
that there was any policy talked about
I'm not quite sure that Donald Trump
really has the capability to discuss
policy on a level and a par with
Vladimir Putin and certainly no
deliverables no preparations were made
anything that Trump and Putin - agreed
in in private if they agreed to anything
so he doesn't it doesn't exist so Trump
is partly responsible for the really the
media reaction yeah absolutely I think
Trump's performance was incoherent
unhinged it showed how insecure he was
with his own electoral victory he's
standing there next to the President of
Russia in devolve akin the conversations
about how he beat Hillary ranting about
the electoral college and so on I cannot
I don't know what was going through
Bouton's head as he was standing there
but all I kept thinking that Putin would
think is my god they really will think
that you are my puppet after this and
and perhaps a little bit of shade and
proud all right this is Russia's
adversary on the world stage and its
leader is completely melting down
standing next day it's just not let me
go back to Alex it's just not Donald
Trump didn't perform as well as he
should have I think a lot of it was
self-inflicted mark is absolutely right
I mean here he is at a summit in
Helsinki standing next to Vladimir Putin
and he's talking about the electoral
college I was in utter shock okay that
he said that however the media you know
the Trump was triggered that and then
the media was triggered I mean it was
this kind of mutual destruction
okay everybody was triggered and you
have Vladimir Putin kind of stepping mix
next was like what the hell is going on
yeah well I mean I think no matter where
Trump goes oh no matter who he speaks
with on an international level it's
always going to go back to - this
narrative it's I don't think there's
there's anything the media talk about
any more even
wants to talk about whether it's it's
stormy Daniels and creepy porn lawyer or
Russia meddling or or the fact that he's
tutoring children away from their their
moms and immigration it's no matter what
Trump does it's always going to go back
to these basic narratives these basic
points that the media continues to push
and these are points that the American
public especially the flyover States the
people are going to be voting in the
midterm a large amount of those people
are gonna be voting don't really care
about he doesn't care about it that's a
real that's an Alex it's a really
interesting point because his base and
I'm gonna turn to mark now the base
seems to be you know so what okay Donald
Trump promised to engage the Russian
leader he has and for again I will do it
he checked it off on the back of his
envelope in his jacket met Putin let's
keep going yeah yeah I agree completely
let's talk the numbers right I thought a
Trump's performance was horrible on here
in Jenin coherent but I'm no longer the
target audience let's discuss the target
audience okay so Axios is pol published
in newsweek shows that seventy nine
percent of republican voters thought it
was a successful summit and that trump
did well i don't know how but that's
what they say and presumably these are a
lot of foreign viewers too now the
opposite polarization ninety-one percent
of democrats did not think so and
sixty-two percent of independents also
did not think so
but this might give donald hope some
Trump going into the midterms
independence Ted not the vote during
midterms and he makes it
Gallup also has a pullout that's very
important it asks the question of a
whole series of issues a lengthy series
of issues what do Americans feel is the
most important problems facing the
country their government and leadership
was high at the top as was immigration
as was racism down near the almost
absolute problem bottom is problems with
the situation with Russia in fact the
numbers were so small and syncopated it
didn't even register statistically so I
think to a large extent he
right that this again foreign policy is
not necessarily the most important thing
on Americans minds either during the
elections or in between them and I
honestly think that most Americans who
are not part of the active resistance
conspiracy theorists are a little tired
of the whole thing you know Alex you
know yeah go ahead because we've you
just kind of go ahead put some
perspective yesterday on CNN Michael
avenatti was back on discussing don't me
Daniel stuff in the Michael Cohen stuff
it's just in a continuous loop yeah the
whole thing you know you're absolutely
right but one of the things Alex I think
that you know the liberal media doesn't
want to talk about is the Donald Trump's
popularity is higher than higher than it
is with Congress higher it is than is
with the media so I mean again if you
cut a step back you know there there's a
broader perspective here in the second
half of the program I want to talk about
the Washington summit but Alex I want to
stay with you one of the things I found
kind of curious and looking at cable
particularly at Fox I did see a lot of
people coming out defending the
president very few except Gorka came out
Rand Paul but but that's different okay
because that is the he's not part of the
Trump team but I didn't see a lot of
Trump world people coming out defending
the president I found that odd Alex well
I think when it comes to Russia and to
enter Putin you're gonna get both left
and right speaking out in unison and I
think it's a situation where Trump
cannot win when it specifically comes to
Russia and when it comes to the
intelligence community because in
today's world if you say anything in
today's America if you say anything
against the intelligence community
anything it's heresy it's you just
cannot do it it doesn't matter you're a
Republican or a Democrat I find to it I
find that absolutely hysterically
disappointing mark there's a lot to
criticize the intelligence community for
lots of it for decades okay I mean this
is how these manufactured consent that
the media is complicit with we should be
having a conversation about it okay but
I know
that's politically risky and I'll give
Trump that he just stumbled his way
through that criticism that's what
disappointed me yeah never never mind
how many times the intelligence
community in recent memory has lied to
the American people from the Iraq war to
James clapper lying on surveillance to
Libya talking about genocide to Syria
moderate rebels right we you know we've
heard all of this but it's pure
partisanship right in the run-up to the
election when Democrats believe that
commis investigation of email servers
which really wasn't an investigation at
all then we know now they were decrying
the intelligence community at the time
they thought it was sabotaging their
their their Queen to B's victory so you
see how partisan shifts opinions on this
completely regardless of any real facts
I think the media I think we should stop
talking about it as the corporate
mainstream media and start talking about
it as the media intelligence complex
when when John Brennan and James out of
their positions as the very embodiments
of the deep state at the CNI and
Director of National Intelligence are
now the pundits giving you your
propaganda telling you what you should
think about such things particularly
foreign policy directly not even a
middleman I mean going to be gonna tell
us here before we go to the break here
Alex Comey clapper Brennan not an
unsurprising they're coming out as
spokespeople for the for the
intelligence community you through the
good services of the liberal media they
all need to be deposed and they all need
to be questioned about their behavior
during the 2016 election yeah one of the
interesting things about Trump
derangement syndrome is that every now
and then it starts to unmask another
member of the deep state and this this
throw around
we saw Brennan unmasked we've seen Peter
strike we've seen Comey we've seen all
these guys but in this particular case
we saw Brennan really lash out and now a
lot of people are asking questions about
Brennan and his role in the entire
Russia gate steel dossier
narrative that's been going
so Brennan almost brought hit brought
focus to himself yet because of hysteria
John Brennan being the spokesman is
supposedly decrying Trump's talk about a
deep state
he is the deep state I would posit he's
treasonous mark I have to jump in we
have to go to a short break and after
that short break we'll continue our
discussion on summit state with our team
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter LaBelle
to remind you we're discussing summits
okay let me go back to mark here and
right before we went to the break I I
think you know I mentioned the
Washington Post so I mean the the
Western media was decrying this summit
as Pearl Harbor the gulf of tonkin 9/11
Kristallnacht these are the descriptions
I heard of it
it wasn't any of those things it might
have been embarrassed Andy what Trump
wasn't prepared for it but the
Washington Post summed up I think the
idea of their view coming out of the
summit perfectly Washington Post article
by Eugene Robinson yesterday god bless
the deep state my god I think that only
the deep state stands between us and the
abyss at this point and they're not even
hiding it anymore I mean they're not
even pretending otherwise meanwhile
Russian media has the exact opposite
perspective they have a very sober and
muted respect coming out of this summit
they do not regard it as Putin's victory
over the United States or anything like
that
in fact they worry that Trump's
performance was so bad and he faces such
significant domestic partisan political
hurdles over it
that it may end up hurting us Russia
relations rather than moving them a step
forward you know Alex let me go back to
you and in Cyprus I think Marc sums it
up very very well there
why the second summit so quickly on the
heels of Helsinki as you pointed out in
the top of the program we really don't
know what policy was discussed though I
haven't we made to me talk later I have
a feeling that some of the ideas that
were surrounding Syria are already being
enacted okay we could talk about that a
little bit later but I mean why so
quickly does Trump want another bite it
bite at the Apple go ahead Alex I think
this is kind of typical Trump in a way
in that he had his performance in
Helsinki after that performance and
after probably a lot of pressure I
imagine from his from his own insiders
and from his own staff he gave kind of a
quasi apology quasi walked it back a
little he didn't walk it back full but
he did kind of apologize a little bit
too
to the intelligence community and he did
say I recognize that Russia medal in the
elections hostage video God point-eight
the back of his head tell Trump wasn't
buying into it you could tell that he
was just saying it because he was he was
probably being obliged or forced to say
it but and that and then you have the
tweets coming out about another summit
and so I think this is very much Trump's
way of just kind of maybe you know
pressing forward and as we said he hits
that checklist and no matter what hits
um he wants to tick off those things on
his checklist and he wants to also stick
it in the face of these deep state guys
in this media and to show in a way that
look I may have given a little bit of a
walk back but I'm not backing down and I
think the next move for Trump before he
goes to any kind of summit in Washington
he needs to hit that base he needs to go
somewhere middle America and give some
rallies give some speeches that's where
his wheelhouse is I think rocks starting
to realize and understand that Trump at
this moment as you as president going on
these summits and meeting with these
world leaders is not his forte this is
not where he's at his best when he's at
his base not this way he's talking to
his base he's talking about things that
are important to him the wall
immigration these things you can tell he
cares about these things and that's when
he's at his best
yeah me no mark I mean first of all what
did the media expect from Helsinki they
did they want a meltdown summit I guess
that's what they wanted what would that
actually they were afraid that the
United States would of Trump would
recognize the reunification of Crimea
with Russia or that some deal would be
reached in the Donbass and Ukraine or or
that Trump would do what he actually
said he would do and pull US troops out
of Syria something like that so this is
what they're afraid of this that we know
happen yeah but okay then it didn't
happen so what's your crystal ball tell
us about a summit in Washington yeah
because I what has to change for a
different at least the optics to
perception I think that's why I'm very
cautious about this yeah
you and I talked before many times we're
both eclis basically in the same page it
has to be about policy and what you
would change yeah I don't think this is
a good idea for either side I I think
Christopher o is exactly right Trump
needs to attend to his midterm elections
domestic politics is all he really seems
to care so when is this summit before or
after the midterms if I would think the
smart thing would be to put it after the
midterms he seems to think otherwise and
that he can spin the what will surely be
the mainstream media fury to his
advantage
yes Christopher about that what do you
think Alex I mean I think they're being
very cryptic on purpose summit before I
think it's after I can't I can't imagine
him fitting it in before no better I
mean he's got the Supreme Court justice
to get into place he's got he's got a
he's got a rally and he's got to go to
to get the Republicans elected to win
the house and the Senate I just don't
see how Trump can possibly even fitted
it even if it is a good idea I don't
think how he can fit it in until after
way after the midterms yeah
let's not even talk about waiting the
House and Senate let's not talk about
let's talk about not losing them too
badly as is normal for presidents
midterm election Eric vote it's actually
favoring am Imanol decline for the
Republicans but with time we've got a
long way to go we've got a long way to
go and we learned in the last election
that polls are not the end-all be-all of
everything so I I think from a Russian
perspective they're actually interested
in getting things done the Western media
seems that all Russia wants is
legitimacy as if the only way the rest
of it doesn't gain legitimacy is
America's Imperial grace descends on him
and they jet and he blesses him with the
chrism and of legitimacy and so on this
is ridiculous
Russia wants its national it's
legitimate national and security
interest respected and compromised and
dealt with on by a rogue hyper power
that thinks the whole world is its
sphere of interest and it's above
international law there was one good
positive thing I heard
coming out of this summit very quietly
not being reported on by the Western
media the Russian state taz information
service has it closed-door meetings
finally about a new new start and a
renewal new start and a new intermediate
range nuclear forces treaty are going on
if they're smart it will also include
cyber warfare which the US has already
always denied but that that is that is
positive but that doesn't need Trump and
Putin sitting down to do that that that
can be done it should be done at a lower
State Department and other security
apparatus you're absolutely right now
let's um get back to you cuz I mean I
don't understand I mean it seems to me
that Trump wants to paper over what he
probably believes deep inside that less
than stellar performance in Helsinki he
wants another shot at it and but mark is
absolutely right I mean we know what the
issues are they have been identified and
now we need to get the State Department
in the Russian Foreign Ministry to get
to work on them I don't understand why
they have to meet again so shortly okay
well maybe maybe run maybe Trump also
sees it as being in Washington he'll be
more comfortable and he'll be in better
form when it's in Washington you know he
hosted macro in in DC and obviously
Trump is more comfortable in that
element but we also have to remember
Russia also has to agree to some sort of
summit in DC so I just don't see it as
something that's gonna happen in the
near future and I hope it doesn't happen
in the near future because I think that
Trump the United States as well as
Russia whether they're dealing with
their own stuff or whether they're
working on stuff together have a lot of
stuff to do yeah before these two
leaders meet again
Frank frankly from just a Russian a very
pragmatic standpoint on top of of may be
hurting Trump more domestically and and
and and the issue can any policy be done
there's also a question of basic
security with the hysteria the neo
McCarthyite blew current Russian
security would have to really be on that
is to the very first thing I thought of
absolutely the first thing I thought
can maybe flesh this out a little bit
more how do you think Vladimir Putin
understood the summit because is Trump a
president because of the hostility of
the of the deep state and of the media
is he in a position really to move the
needle in one way or the other on any of
these issues yeah the official word from
Putin is that the subs the the summit
was more substantive than he thought it
would be I I don't I don't wanna you
know presume that to know what house up
Senate if he thought it would be
beforehand I don't see much substance
coming out of it at least not what we
know publicly but I think I think what a
lot of the Russian elite are at least
worried about is that Trump is not a
partner who can get things done yeah
that he's not in control of his own
foreign and security policy that
anything that Russia any meeting any
photo ops like this that Trump sees to
crave you know the limelight of the
camera what it would actually hurt him
more than harm him and isn't going to do
Russia any favors as well but I think we
should talk about what Trump's
motivation is I mean I think it's clear
he's got personal grievances against
many of the leaders of the EU and his
own Intelligence Committee over the
election I think he does admire Putin I
know that's an unpopular political
opinion in the US I think he sees what
what what the Russian people see how
much Putin has done for the Russian
people since the catastrophe of the
1990s how far he's brought the country
back both on a domestic individual level
when we're talking wages and so far all
the way up to Russia's you know strength
in the world but Henry Kissinger has
been pushing the idea that what should
be going on a grand strategic
perspective is a realignment of the u.s.
geopolitically trying to drive apart the
growing alliance between Russia and
China do you think it's too late I think
it's too late what do you think it's too
late I I hope it's too late i I think
that Putin is far too intelligent at
this point he knows that the next
election is going to see a reversal but
Kissinger said
back in 1972 he said in 20 years
speaking to Nixon your successor if he's
as wise as you will wind up leaning
towards the Russians against the Chinese
because it was Kissinger who helped lead
Nixon last 30 seconds go to you Alex
maybe the summit in Helsinki in
Washington is the plan is to make sure
relations don't deteriorate more just
damage control and if that's the thought
I think it's it's wrong wrong headed go
ahead Alex possibly it's possibly with
Trump you don't know by my hunches says
there's so many actors that do have an
agenda within trump's inner circle it's
that's not fair we haven't talked about
Mike Pompeo we haven't talked about
bolted and what he wants and what's his
motivation so I think there's a lot of
forces at work that are also pulling and
pushing Trump in different directions
yeah and I think you have Trump who's at
the end of the day I just don't see he's
as engaged in foreign policy and
international affairs as he is well okay
know it Alex we got gonna jump in here
we run out of time many thanks to my
guests here in Moscow and in Cyprus this
is the end of our broadcast segment stay
with us for the extended version on our
YouTube channel see you next time
remember crosstalk rules
now for the extended version of our
program we have political potpourri
okay market see Europe first what's on
your mind yeah I continue with where I
left off in the in the main section
Kissinger and Nixon were the ones who
split the Soviet Union and the People's
Republic of China in the late 1960s and
which probably won the well they were
pretty much at odds too they had the
reference so they didn't realize how big
the division was but they did push him I
did push it I I think it won the Cold
War personally and Kissinger has spoken
about of a geopolitical grand strategy
now of shifting the other way now we
could all have our opinions of Kissinger
and what he got up to in Argentina and
Vietnam and so on but compared to a lot
of the neo-cons
and the humanitarian interfere Allah
Cindy see today he almost seems the same
and peaceful one which is a pretty sad
commentary but Trump speaking back in
2015 one of the worst things that can
happen to our country is when Russia
ever gets driven to China we have driven
them together we have driven them
together that's a horrible thing for
this country we have made them friends
because of our incompetent leadership
well he's right I mean that's
essentially that's one of the that's one
of the things he meant when he sent that
tweet out before the Helsinki summit
okay you know we're laying blame and but
I keep hearing this theme about you know
trying to divide Russia from China that
train left the station at the very least
10 years ago maybe 25 years ago
go ahead Alex I mean what the funny
thing about the the hysteria and the
meltdown that took place is we've been
talking about this on cross talk for a
while now why are people surprised about
Trump's desire to engage with Russia
he's been saying this since he started
campaigning he's been saying the same
thing over and over
I think it's constructed to speak with
Russia I think we should engage with
Russia being friends is a good thing
it's not a bad thing
they make it seem like no
how poorly or even how well some people
may have thought he did at the summit at
the end of the day Trump is doing
exactly what he said he would do when he
first started his campaign he is he is a
man who is going through a checklist and
he's checking stuff off that he wants to
accomplish it may be some of the stuff
that he wants to accomplish is pretty
rough and he and he has some stumbling
blocks when he's doing it but he's still
moving forward and trying to accomplish
those things and with Russia speaking
with Putin and having a meeting with
with Putin these things he's been saying
since 2016 but Alex I mean this does he
want this because of geopolitical grand
strategy personal vengeance or just
because of the PP tape I mean I I think
I think it's all about business I think
he sees a big market in Russia I think
he's he's a big energy market I think he
sees a market that is untapped by
American businesses he sees the
Europeans have had pretty much and the
Chinese have had you know they can just
do whatever they want and Russia
business-wise without the US and
American companies coming in and taking
their fair share and doing businesses so
I think for Trump he sees Russia and he
sees dealing with Putin very much
transactionally as another business deal
and I think he sees a lot of money on
the table for this you know but also I
think marking I mean I think it's even
actually more simplistic than that is it
you know Donald Trump is he's a legacy
guy he thinks of legacy all of the time
what makes him a little bit different
than other politicians and presidents
and United States he wants his legacy in
real time now he wants it no you said
the cameras you're absolutely right he
sees himself as a historical figure but
he doesn't want to be remembered down
the line he wants to be remembered now
is a great historical figure and
Singapore and Helsinki are not things he
wants to be remembered for I'm sorry I
was very disappointed with the presser
not because of what he said but how he
presented himself and gave the opening
to the media and once he gave that
opening the rest went to the side no one
noticed what was going on you hardly
even noticed that Putin was there
because of the opening the dog
Trump made yeah I mean he the man is is
is its it would be terrible to say he's
an egotist you know for all his
blessings and faults and also that he
has a very short attention span that's
mostly revolves around him in the last
person he spoke to in the last 15
minutes the press out this week is that
he's extremely disenchanted that no
rapid progress has been made with North
Korea I don't know who led him to
believe that peace would break out
overnight with you know him just doing a
photo op with Kim jong-un but it doesn't
bode well for his future foreign policy
and everything you think that his the
circle of people around him people that
have been appointed and confirmed ones
that don't have to be confirmed
they couldn't fulfill his policy wishes
of course not I mean I I think they're
primarily there to block is foreign
policy wishes I think that's the purpose
they're there most of these people were
forced on him by the Republican Party
establishment he they you know not not
only could he not get anyone closer to
his own viewpoint through congressional
appointments but I think they were
actively I think he was probably
actively threatened by the GOP
leadership that the neo cons might
defect and and go with the Democrats on
a people good Alex on this cuz Mark and
I spoke about this earlier if he fired
some of these people like sick Dan
Coates or Kelly okay chief of staff even
mattis also I mean that's when the
Republicans in the Senate will say we're
gonna Joe will get a cross over to the
other side of the aisle whatever you
want us to vote on you know what I'm the
p-word okay
no impeach me I'm sorry impeachment I
think that's the position that's the
precarious position that trumps trump
finds himself in I think it's it's hard
to say who he can trust in there I mean
maybe Kellyanne Conway but I think the
number of people Ivanka chair I don't
even know if he could put trust in Jared
who knows all right but definitely guys
guys like Pompeo and Bolton and Coates
and these guys know because Pompeo is
looking for a 20/20 for himself our 2010
full trust there's no doubt he can trust
these guys and and these
definitely have their own agenda
specially guys like Pompeo and Bolton
who we know they're I mean you guys have
a track record we know what they stand
for we know what they want they've got
10 20 30 years of giving their foreign
policy and telling the world what they
think of a range of issues from Russia
to Assange to you name it these guys
have an agenda and they're not going to
stray away from it the question mark is
what is Trump think and what is Trump
gonna do and that's the question that
everyone just doesn't know including
Republicans like McCain like Lindsey
Graham and these are the guys that are
gonna hit Trump hard even Paul Ryan
they're gonna hit Trump hard if you file
you're someone like coats or bolted or
Kelly or any of these guys but that's
what they want him to do don't they
a lot of them yeah a lot of the McCain's
no doubt about it I think you have guys
who are extremely extreme extreme like
McCain then you have guys like Ryan who
kind of flip-flop back and forth and
they play a little both sides of the
events it'll be really good to see the
back side of his head real soon
Alex real quick give us a update Carter
page FISA Court update yeah well you
mentioned a few names in our in our
first segment Peter about some people
who are part of the the Deep States and
some of the people that have been
unmasked through Trump hysteria and what
happened today today yesterday was that
the FBI released the Faisal war it's
heavily redacted but they released it
the New York Times published it and the
signatures on that FISA warrant for
Carter page were Susan Rice clapper
Brandon John Kerry all these people
signed off on the vice of warrants early
push the judge to issue the FISA warrant
they put their signatures there so that
they could spy on Carter page so get the
whole Russia Trump collusion seeing
moving so we have the whole kabuki
troupe on on display mark okay it's
something that we all had talked about
for months and months on ends not new
data it's not new to anyone here and
they don't who's been watching this show
right last comment mark Israel very
quietly - crickets chirping from the
Western mainstream media Israel passed a
bill through the the Knesset the Israeli
Parliament that has constitutional force
they've declared they
proclaimed Israel as the national
homeland of the Jewish people now
certainly there are Jewish people in the
United States and elsewhere that
disagree with that with that
Proclamation but course goes a bit
further they declare Jerusalem the
entire the United unified Jerusalem as
the capital they say that only the
Jewish people have the right of
self-determination in Israel it's unique
to them which means of course there
they're saying there is no Palestine and
there can be no Palestinian nation and
they solidify this settlements process
and let's be clear this is ethnic
cleansing and colonization right of what
was Palestine what's left of Palestine
it's not much left of it at this point
and they say that it is a national value
and they talk about developing that
state resources further state resources
to develop and consolidate it which
means taking more this this is not
declaring as far as I'm concerned as
many people said Israel as a Jewish
nation state but rather Israel as a
apartheid theocracy because of course
there is no ethnicity of Jewish people
Jewish people come from ethnic
backgrounds all over the world so you
know they've basically declared a state
religion here what's really interesting
at an end on this point here is what I
found really interesting is that the the
media put up a big fuss about when Trump
should have or would have would should
whatever word he should have used or
shouldn't use and then you give us this
story mark about what's happening in
Palestine and no one talks about it in
the mainstream media what a shame
that's all the time we have for this
part of our program extended version of
our program we hope you enjoyed it see
you next week and remember crosstalk
rules
you
