I think it will be unfair to say that
nothing has changed but what we what we
call for is that the change should
happen more quicker we see that the
level of destruction that happened a
year ago is still very visible even
infrastructure hasn't been repaired yet
hospitals haven't been reopened yet
there's a lack of water there's a lack
of electricity
going back and potentially finding their
bodies in in your house in your Street I
think that that psychologically is very
devastating because once again you're
confronted to its all those horrible
things that happened in Mosul yes there
are two bodies still down there and
there are four more bodies in that house
behind us they're still inside the
stench coming from them is very strong
and children are getting sick because of
this
our dad lets it sit in the Farhat there
was six of us my daughter was killed we
lived in that house after the airstrikes
I just couldn't live there anymore
mm girl um but they said we're not going
to treat her our priority is the
fighters we can give her an injection so
she dies immediately better for her to
die at home
you
you
