next guest Len Matlock is an original
member of the Sex Pistols and his new
solo album good to go is out next month
he joins me now Glen welcome back to
going underground so on this day 1976
the world woke up to the aftermath of a
leak in the UK being premiered in
Manchester it was indeed why has it
become such an important record so many
years later just because it was censored
no I think because it was jolly good
actually
I think there's lots of things that all
came together at that point in time
possibly with that song and it struck a
chord with people that still
reverberates around the world today this
many decades later don't ask me but we
must have done something right okay the
production album as compared to your new
album so so different what is the new
album good to go sound a bit Bowie in
1873 it sounds a bit buried 1973 but
there's certain elements of the spiders
from Mars album that I dig and I
particularly liked we're by Bowie sort
of powers everything with the acoustic
guitar get a guitarist to imitate that I
did it oh you did Alec plays all the
lead but he plays the twiddly bits and I
apply the simple bits and kind of come
on lads it goes what this kind of thing
but I mean Punk presumably was a
reaction not only politically against
that kind of glam rock no serious no no
it wasn't it was it was it may be a
reaction against on a more overblown
supposed to prog rock kind of bouncy I
even have trouble getting that without
prog hopefully don't remember actually
know some of it on reflection people
saying it is quite good but you know so
that clam rock stuff that spiders from
Mars
Bowie early roxy music new underground
i'll give it to sound on this album is
more reminiscent of some elements of
prog rock no it's more mind- of punk
music and it's a different thing I know
I've been doing I've made an album
others because I've been doing lots of
acoustic shows around the world which
would do quite a lot and I kind of
didn't I wouldn't repeat a band together
for it but I didn't want to it be too
overbearing so the songs could breathe a
little bit more and I asked my mates
Windham Fenton who plays most of the
drums on the album if he be up for doing
any deed and it's kind of lending it a
bit more of a swing it's you've got more
of a simpler kind of sound I'm like kind
of skiffle and airy rockabilly and stuff
always I've done he suggested getting
else lick in and I didn't know he knew
and mod met him before it's all kind of
came together and album to come out
hopefully a total more than the sum of
the parts of the people involved but you
have been playing these songs of the TU
C Union March for a new deal for workers
how did they go down pretty well
actually
thank you very much you come from a
trade union my dad was in the transport
General Workers Union and I always
remember when I was a lad in late 60s he
came home from work and he it was a bit
of nervous something yeah and he said
well all the blokes at work a bit voted
me shop steward and I said when I
sprayed that all like you that much time
on evacuated no no it's gonna be trouble
and about a month later I was redundance
in they laid up all the shop stewards
first so that kind of struck a bit of a
chord with me that if people are trying
to stand up for their rights even at an
early age there's always somebody who's
trying to pull the rug from underneath
your feet no no I'm not interview your
father but maybe that's what I mean do
you trust Jeremy Corbyn because you also
you were at the Corbin label oh yeah far
more than our territories because at
that particular concert then where you
played the mainstream media I was saying
there's lots of publicity given to it
which is quite rare for
activist gatherings and they said it was
a complete failure I think that's
rubbish laughing that's what I wanted
just I don't was trying to make out as
many people there was 10,000 people that
have bought tickets and I think by them
saying it people actually went out and
bought more tickets and the first time
they'd ever done anything like that and
I thought it was kind of quite a cool
thing to be involved in so there's a lot
of right-wing press in this country and
they particularly hate Coughlin because
obviously that's of the Blair raids
weren't currently Delicia because he's
not in their interests as I've gone
through the world his musician done
press and travel around the vested
interest he come across a I've become
quite power more than if you weren't
doing what I do well arguably when it
comes to vested interests the Korean War
which killed maybe a fifth of the entire
country Britain bombed career and maybe
20% of the entire population
no one can say that you were playing for
any vested interests you played at the
Demilitarized Zone yeah amongst a bunch
of other people's others just kind of
going over there as a Western musician
to try and show some solidarity to my
engine cousins over there to kind of
lend a hand I think that the whole thing
had become a bit of a quagmire I said
the guy in an office found himself you
know this pickleball despot is but I
think he's found himself painted into a
corner not really understanding why and
I think anything that can be done to
open the door a chink you know can only
about help it was this before Donald
Trump signal the thing was set up before
everything happened with the University
of Seoul indistinct yeah when there was
a whole bunch of people are involved
was just trying to bring some awareness
to it I wanted to go and find out for
myself I'd never been to Korea before
and it's kind of quite an eye-opener and
so I didn't know that we met the
Mayoress saw who's hotly set to become
the next president they come up on the
train today in the dead zone of DMZ zone
and he was saying how we met him at the
station and how he hoped that in a
couple of years time if everything goes
all right it will become Seoul
international station what kind of
workout and he said what the line needs
to go all the way to Moscow not the
Berlin maybe one day it will even come
direct to London but he can't because
they can't mend their differences with
North Korea and the border stop the
running game so what didn't even know
that matlock thank you before we go
Glen is going to play us out with a song
from his new album good to go we'll be
back on monday to go on the ground in
Afghanistan where Theresa May has just
sent 440 troops to support NATO's
longest war till then keep in touch via
social media we'll see you on Monday 57
years to the day of the founding of the
sandanista movement in Nicaragua which
would defeat CIA backed contra death
squads in the 1980s paid for by US
taxpayers
he has Glen Matlock with his new song
hook in you
whoa
a pretty Phoebus tell you I live gonna
make my
without even trying
I'll tell you quite a few
I'm gonna give my here no matter what
you say no matter what you believe I'm
gonna give my
ain't gonna fool around I'm gonna go to
town I'm gonna go to town
no I'm a solid ground washi no
hesitation won't be no fuck you Asian
this is a situation
information no matter what you say no
matter what you do better believe it I
know you know I'm really sorry she's
telling you so bad
Oh open-and-shut case
