a poem by British writer Rudyard Kipling
has been removed by students at
Manchester University in the northwest
of England they claim the author who's
best known for writing the Jungle Book
was racist the poem if that was penned
in 1909 was displayed in a newly
renovated campus building but was
quickly criticized by members of the
Student Union who said they should have
been consulted beforehand they say
Kipling sought to legitimize the British
Empire's presence in India and
dehumanize people of color a verse from
civil rights activist Maya Angelou still
I rise
has now replaced the poem we asked
people in London about the students
initiative he's a man of his time and
you got to accept that that was this
time today maybe not well you don't
deface things just cause you don't agree
with it that's free speech is out of the
window if you do that oh that's a trick
question I'm really into art and that
kind of thing but I did read the
reporter they'd've and Eliza and I think
that's really bad in any any case I
don't agree with defacing I think there
are other ways of protests in your point
I think when we're looking back on
history and judging people from the
framework that they existed in it's a
little bit different I think everything
in a time period is significant in its
own right you know we can look at those
in different views and attitudes now you
can learn a little bit from that you
know that it was a bad thing to do you
know the it's not right now but still
you know it's people did do it in the
past I don't think
we should then disregard them as people
all that works because of an opening
they had actually I think there have
been many great artists also in this
museum have been quite misogynistic and
quite problematic people in their
private lives but that doesn't
necessarily mean that there are
countries that values but it also can
mean that so it should be acknowledged
and it should be they're open for
discussion but the further it should be
be Center Kipling is of course not the
only author whose work has been
criticized as of late here are a few of
the others
it worth that Western material
achievement and progress made no dent on
the rounded sleeve of China at once he
forgive me for all of my friends without
his ever saying anything they were
simply little something shameful between
us like this billion open of the horses
in bullfighter
there is a trait in the Jewish character
that does provoke animosity maybe it's a
kind of a lack of generosity towards
non-jews Hitler didn't just pick on them
for no reason
unless in the Jew and the Jew rotted
your empire and you yourselves out dude
the Jew and the big Jew has rotted every
nation his wormed into
you
