Israeli Air Force is reported to have
launched massive airstrikes on Hamas
positions in Gaza let's cross live to RT
correspondent Paula Slayer Paula what
details can you tell us well as you say
right now as we speak there is a massive
bombardment being carried out over Gaza
the largest since the last war back in
2014 now the country's Defence Minister
Avigdor Lieberman has threatened to
quote him that it will be a large and
painful military operation he says that
Israel will go to war with Hamas
if the kites and balloons that are
attached to explosives do not stop
coming from Gaza into Israeli territory
and today Friday was given as the
deadline that has not happened and that
is why we're now hearing from a senior
Israeli official that becoming hours
will tell whether or not Israel goes
ahead with a full-scale military
operation at the same time in the last
few hours there has been an emergency
meeting held by the country's defense
and political leadership and will be
hearing from the Israeli Defense Forces
is that they're promising a response
take a listen
the idea of use today's attack and the
hostile activity orchestrated by Hamas
throughout the last months with great
severity Hamas chose to escalate the
security situation and will bear the
consequences for its actions
now residents who live in Israel along
the Gaza border have been ordered to
stay near bomb shelters at the same time
we know that Hamas is evacuating army
commandos and ports under the
understanding that there could be an
Israeli attack that will intensify in
the coming hours now this is not
something new already earlier this week
Israel did launch an attack against ours
and we have heard the country's Prime
Minister Netanyahu promising that he
would strike back during the Sabbath we
hit Hamas hard our policy is clear when
anyone seeks to harm us we will strike
back with great force now in the late
hours of this afternoon and into the
early evening there were clashes along
the Israel Gaza border we are hearing
from the Gaza Health Ministry that at
least four people are confirmed dead and
120 have been injured the Israeli army
released a statement in which it said
its actions were retaliatory that its
troops had been fired on by Palestinian
militants at the border and it confirmed
in the statement that it had hit eight
Hamas sites it says that it's tanks and
its aircraft are carrying out those
strikes at the same time the IDF has
been accused of excessive force we are
hearing some reports that it has used
live ammunition in several cases now the
protests along the border have been
happening for the better part of four
months and this flare-up comes four
years after the last Gaza war that was
known as Operation protective edge that
was a war that lasted seven weeks there
were thousands of people who were killed
and certainly the sense on the ground
and the concern on the ground as
tensions escalate between the sides is
that we might be witnessing another war
unfolding in the coming hours only
thanks our correspondent in Israel there
Paula Slee with the very latest
information for us thank you okay let's
speak to a guest now you only been
Menachem and Raley journalist general
director and chief editor of Israel
radio Kol Israel thanks for coming in
first of all your your reaction to these
airstrikes do you feel that these are
justified or not
I think this is a retaliation for
provocation of Hamas today when they
made an ambush and a sniper shot towards
an Israeli soldier we I cannot specify
exactly what happened there will be an
idea if statement later on but I think
this is the retaliation of the Israeli
Defense Forces for the escalation of
Hamas and I think this is a very
dangerous game and they are trying to
drag Israel into another round of
violence and I think the situation is
escalating and unless there will be some
intervention from Egypt or from the
United Nations I don't think that these
rounds will stop and the situation is
very dangerous you talk about escalation
now I mean this is serious escalation
from Israel isn't it claims of sniper
fire at the IDF Defence Force members
now we're talking about them retaliating
with air strikes this is a retaliation
that were also respond to of Hamas they
shot rockets at least three rockets were
fired by Hamas in the last hour towards
Israel so it's not just that Israel is
attacking the Hamas is using violence on
the border by taking the IDF soldier on
the other side of the border not in Gaza
itself and - shooting rockets and mortar
shells towards Israel so this is the
duty of the Israeli Defense Forces to
protect the citizens of these
how confident are you about the accuracy
of these strikes that this there will be
no civilians injured I think that Hamas
expected these air attacks these are
only attacks on the military facilities
the military infrastructure of Hamas and
other organizations in Gaza it's not on
civilian targets it's only on the
military facilities and Hamas evacuated
all these facilities the early this
afternoon so they anticipated it and I
don't think there will be civilian
casualties how do you think this will be
viewed globally as you said it is an
escalation what do you think the
international response will be to this
I'm sure that the Security Council of
the United Nations will discuss the
situation in Gaza but this has been
going on for the last four months from a
March 30th when Hamas started March the
campaign of the march to the borders and
then they started using balloons and
kites in order to cause fires inside
Israel this is a thing that is going on
and the problem is that it's escalating
and not coming down there were some
attempts to to reach a ceasefire there
was a ceasefire for long for a short
time but what we need is a more
intervention from the Egyptians who are
mediating between Israel and Hamas in
order to achieve some ceasefire and try
to calm things down the way it looks now
I think that Hamas is trying to initiate
another round of a small confrontation
military confrontation with Israel many
thanks for Tom have been speaking to
Israeli journalists you need that
mannequin thank you in the meantime
another for Palestinians have been
killed on Friday brings the total number
of those
have died - over 130 since the start of
the protests as part of the great march
of return journalists Hindu jury has
more from the Israel Gaza border nearly
150 meters away from Kearney defense and
as you see the Palestinian youth
protesters are describing and expressing
expressing their rage by climbing this
fence I have to say that this is one of
the hardest days we have been covering
the protests on weekly basis for more
than five months and this is one of the
hardest days today we saw explosions on
both sides scores were injured we have
been also hearing air strikes our
terrorists are Televi targets we have
been also hearing explosions on the both
sides today is a very very hard day it's
very dangerous and it was one of the
toughest days we have ever witnessed by
live ammunition teargas air strikes and
a lot and a lot of more weapons the
Israelis have been using against the
Palestinians
you
