reports coming in of a stabbing attack
on a bus in the German city of Lubeck we
go live now to Charlotte Dubinski for
more Charlotte we share details could we
sketch you right now what do we know so
far though well we're still waiting for
confirmation from the police and from
the local authorities exactly what
happened but we have got some witness by
witness information from the ground what
we understand from those eyewitness
accounts is that there was a full bus a
public transport bus that was driving
through the northern city of loob egg
which is about three hours north of
Hamburg by driving and what we
understand is that a bag dropped on the
ground it started smoldering it at that
point the attacks started to happen now
we believe that up to 14 people have
been injured reportedly injured in this
mass stabbing on that bus some appear to
be seriously injured but I must say none
of this has been confirmed yet we are
waiting for the authorities to give us
specific details about what happened
there are also eyewitness reports that
another man tried to pull a gun out on
the vehicle we don't know if these two
men were connected or perhaps if there
is a second person who pulled out a gun
whether he was actually trying to stop
the attack as I say the details are
still very sketchy at the moment what we
do know is that as soon as this attack
took place and the bus driver was made
aware of it he did an emergency stop on
the bus
opened the doors and tried to get as
many as the passengers out as possible
we also understand that there are
reports that the police were able to
apprehend the stabber at the scene and
that person is now in custody a mass
operation is underway in that town of
Lubeck in northern Germany and police
are examining the situation and the
circumstances before they decide to say
whether this is a terror attack or some
other attack on a German city but of
course Germany is not new to terror
attacks back in 2016 there was that big
attack on the Christmas markets in
Berlin where 12 people were killed that
was a terror attack at the moment we do
not know if this is a terror attack what
we know is that
14 people have been injured in a mass
stabbing some of those have been injured
seriously police are said to have
detained the attacker and we await more
information from the authorities okay
Charlotte Dubinski there with the first
details of that breaking news appreciate
that Charlotte we'll get back to you as
we do hear more including that official
confirmation of course from the police
you
