British military personnel could be
prosecuted for alleged war crimes
committed while assisting operations
conducted by America a two-year probe
into drone use carried out by a
cross-party Parliamentary Group found
the UK may have been complicit in
targeted killings in Afghanistan Iraq
and Syria as well as Yemen Somalia and
Pakistan countries where the UK isn't
even officially at war the inquiries
report raises concerns about the
legitimate use of combat drones abroad
claiming that it could lead to a number
of unacknowledged civilian casualties
and this report says that the UK is
complicit in illegal strikes conducted
by other states which have been
receiving British military and
intelligence support the UK government's
policy regarding drone use in the report
is branded quote as opaque ambiguous and
effectively unaccountable we spoke to
Lord Nazir Ahmed a member of the
parliamentary group behind this report
we need to be more transparent and it
has to be very open and the information
needs to be available they should be a
parliamentary oversight and the
government also needs to make sure that
there is proper legislation to ensure
that this transparency and also
accountability as well as legality in
under international law and this also
means that we make sure that there are
no civilian casualties no extrajudicial
killings and wherever possible those
culprits that they won't want to catch
they should be caught and brought to
justice rather than the easy use of
drones and killing them without us
knowing exactly what the allegations are
according to the report some drone
strikes were conducted without
Parliament's approval with the Defense
Ministry admitting to only one civilian
death we do everything we can to
minimize the risk to civilian life from
UK strikes
it is therefore deeply regrettable that
the UK air strike resulted in an
unintentional civilian fatality the UK
drone strikes within Syria have killed
one civilian that's the according to the
official
statistics obviously anyone that knows
about drone strikes knows that that
figure is absolutely ludicrous no one
that I know finds that credible at all
the UK government claims that only one
civilian has been killed in a drone
strike is insane no one believes that
because it's low-risk it means they
don't have to
there's no impetus on reporting it so
there's no coverage in the mainstream
media and there's certainly very little
coverage from that from the likes of the
BBC here in the UK there are various
sort of civilian groups in in the UK
that are trying to monitor drone strikes
but it obviously is very very difficult
but the the problem is growing
definitely in it it is a worry
you
