the hashtag walk away used by people
abandoning the US Democratic Party has
now been picked up by the media who
suggests that trend is actually the work
of Russian automated accounts or BOTS
trying to sow discord we spoke to the
creator of the walk away movement to
find out more anybody who thinks that
the walk away campaign is comprised of
Russian BOTS I would suggest that they
check out our Facebook page which is
where the campaign really takes place
that's hashtag walk away campaign go
there on Facebook and what you'll find
is video testimonials of actual human
beings who are looking into their
cameras and telling their stories I mean
I saw Brendan's video I was instantly
hooked to his message but Democrats
don't care about us not one bit they
walked away from us a long time ago and
it's time for us to do the same I chose
to walk
oh they're telling their stories about
why they're walking away from the left
and there's people on the right we're
also telling their stories about
reclaiming their voice in the narrative
of what it means to be a conservative
which has been hijacked by the left
they're telling you know what it means
to be conservative and what their values
are and welcoming people who are walking
away from the left so I mean this is a
pretty easily disputable thing these are
real people making real video
testimonials and you can see them with
your own eyes the movement whose motto
is quote not just a hashtag has gained a
strong following online with more than a
60,000 subscribers on Facebook and new
cases of former Democrat supporters
abandoning the party's ideals are
emerging each and every day now the
media are pinning walk away on Russian
BOTS as the movement was mentioned by a
site that tracks Twitter accounts links
to link to a alleged Russian
interference it's called the hammer home
project but the site itself says the
media have got it wrong
most of the third-party reporting on the
dashboard continues to appear with some
variation of the headline Russian bots
are pushing X this is inherently
inaccurate they are not all in Russia we
don't even think they're all commanded
in Russia at all
we think some of them are legitimately
passionate people that are just really
into promoting Russia
it's Brandon striker again founder of
walk away on why Democratic officials
are trying to denigrate the movement I
think it's an incredibly desperate
attempt by the left-wing politicians and
then the Democrats to explain away the
fact that people are leaving their party
and they're no longer happy with what's
going on on the left you know it's like
they've tried every every trick in the
book to sort of dehumanize people first
it was you know calling people bigots
calling people racists calling people
Nazis you know anything that they could
do to dehumanize people and that didn't
work so now they've actually doubled
down and literally started calling human
beings robots all of this in a desperate
attempt to cover up the fact that their
party has no plan their party has no
appeal to people anymore because they
really just become a party of rage anger
hostility and now bordering on violence
people don't want it anymore people are
leaving the left they're not robots
these are actual people who are fed up
with the Democratic Party
you
