for three long terrible years the people
of four and kefraya lived besieged two
pro-government villages in the middle of
Eid Lib al-qaeda's Kingdom and Syria and
Islamists the Warlord's and the
terrorists were out for blood there had
been previous evacuation attempts last
year's five thousand civilians were
being bused out and a deal with rebels a
suicide bomber blew up nearby over a
hundred died
I met some of the evacuees last year
they were clearly traumatized scarred
here men woman and yes even children
fought for three years they held out
tears of joy thank God I was separated
from my family we've met again my god
the siege was very difficult it's not
possible to describe it it's impossible
to express it this latest deal was made
by the Syrian government and hi at
Tahrir al sham previously nutri Oh al
Qaeda in Syria Islamists let 7000
civilians leave the two towns and the
Syrian government releases hundreds of
militants from prisons the rebels have
lost the two villages they used as
bargaining chips for years they have
also lost vast swathe of territory in
Homs and Goethe and southern Syria that
are in the span of mere months
after the evacuation rebels drove tanks
in tofu and caprara trashing national
flags and defacing assets portraits and
Damascus now has a serious problem
Ede lib filled to the brim with
Islamists and rebels from all over the
country and with nowhere left to run the
stage is set for the last bloody
showdown of the Syrian war
you
