I remember the first time you tried
coffee you're like wow this is horrible
now you're addicted to it welcome with a
kaiser report Stacy well max in the
second half we're talking to Dan Collins
of the China money report we're talking
about what Donald Trump is doing with
the trade or Dan is over there in China
so he's seeing from the front lines on
the other side of the war what's
happening and here in the United States
you know we've been having a financial
war for the last decade at least it
started a little bit before that I
reckon but certainly in 2008 when the
financial crisis happened and we brought
in this great hope the great savior of
the of our economy and our culture and
our politics is Barack Obama and he was
supposed to hopefully do something about
these banks member we had Occupy Wall
Street and all that sort of stuff and
what did he do he pointed Larry Summers
and all those Schmucks and Timothy
Geithner and all those sort of people
into his administration and nothing ever
happened because he said we have to look
forward we can't look back
well something shocking has happened in
the past week or two and nobody of
course is paying attention to this
certainly not on the likes of MSNBC but
Villanova man gets 14 years for
predatory payday lending feds so this is
Villanova Pennsylvania and apparently
they're proud of their home grown man
Villanova man reputedly known as the
godfather of payday lending will spend
more than a decade behind bars for
scheming to collect millions an unlawful
debt obtained from high interest loans
according to federal authorities US
Attorney William n McSween said Charles
Hallinan 77 of Villanova was sentenced
to 14 years in federal prison in order
to pay a two point five million dollar
fine he was found guilty on 17 counts of
criminal conduct the government charged
him and it's in its indictment under the
RICO Act two counts of conspiracy to
violate the RICO Act one count of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud wire
fraud and money laundering two counts of
mail fraud and eating and bedding three
counts of wire fraud and aiding and
betting so it's a pretty deep go as one
of the guys who basically is crack
with engineering and innovating the
payday lending market and predatory
lending Wow this is a feel-good story
yeah so this guy who is involved in this
hellacious payday lending racket he's
going to jail you know it reminds me we
were back in the UK and when we were
doing stuff with Russell Brand
you know we highlighted one of the
payday lenders in the UK and they in
fact closed up shop and it was very
effective it's it's one of the most
pernicious and ugliest and underhanded
way to destroy a society is by letting
payday lenders you know exploit the fact
that they can get away with two thousand
three thousand fourteen thousand dollars
percent a year interest on these small
he started in 1997 under Bill Clinton
and continued up until 2017 when he was
charged by the Trump administration the
US Attorney charged him with predatory
lending he was apparently an inspiration
to many other payday lenders and they
followed on the things he got him so as
States introduced an time predatory
lending laws he circumvented them and
found innovative ways to get around it
but I also bring this up this is either
good news or bad news
because Obama Treasury secretary linked
to accuse the predatory lender that
looks like Timothy Geithner Timothy
Geithner who you grew up in the same
town there over in Larchmont that's
right he we both played as Flint Park in
Larchmont yeah I played on the baseball
team the green demons I believe he was
on the yellow submarine's
right actually I know you were at the
yellow so I was actually on the yellow
so when you're eight years old these
things that matter nevertheless I think
okay this could be good news because
maybe we will finally get some justice
Occupy Wall Street will finally get some
justice because of course Timothy
Geithner was at the New York Fed
overseeing the bailouts of all of these
banks and and helping out all his
buddies and then became Treasury
secretary and got away with all his uh
failure to disclose the IRS all his
stuff when he was working at one other's
World Bank or IMF sort of things but it
could be that like maybe we're gonna get
some justice that might be another 20
years or it could be bad news
because like maybe this he's he's like a
mafia sort of guy like edging out all
the competition getting the competition
arrested thrown in prison but according
to The Daily Beast article here Timothy
Geithner who served as Treasury
secretary during the Obama
administration is now president of a
private equity fund that manages a
company that has been accused of
predatory lending practices according to
the Washington Post the newspaper
reports that Mariner finance which is
owned and managed by New York firm
Warburg Pincus offers poor Americans
high interest loans by sending them
checks in the mail
customers who can't repay the loans have
sued for the money they owe plus
interest processing fees and legal fees
sometimes within months of the checks
being cashed the consumer installment
loans that Mariner Marcus who mailed out
checks encourage recipients to accept a
loan on an impulse with interest rates
as high as 36% Geithner who infamously
blamed thirty four thousand dollars
worth of unpaid taxes on his use of
software TurboTax previously called for
states of police predatory lenders but
now he's the capo de Cobo what you mean
he just sends poor people money with
these huge interest rate attached to it
predatory lending schemes the second
thing deposit that check he refers him
to the prison industrial complex right I
mean this is mail fraud I mean a guy
ders involved in mail fraud he's
involved in stoking the prison
industrial complex this is Timothy
Geithner condemning an entire population
to be preyed on by the worst kleptocrats
we've ever seen in history to kill to
beat them to subjugate them to imprison
them but other than that it sounds like
Warburg Pincus has a good money maker
well the effect is you know many
activists who used to be in the Occupy
Wall Street movement are now looking for
a universal basic income they think that
the government should give everybody in
the United States $1,000 a month or
something like that so here's a guy who
was at the front line he was at the New
York Fed during the time of the Occupy
Wall Street he saw Occupy Wall Street
therefore would have been only two
blocks away he would have seen what they
are complaints where he would have seen
what the issues are so here he knows
that okay they're looking for a
universal basic income so I'm
introducing a policy of universal
to debt so here every Americans gonna
have a thousand dollar check from me and
they're never gonna escape it because no
matter what they're not gonna go to
prison they're gonna stay out of prison
because they're gonna keep on servicing
that debt to me and that's that that's
their life of internal purgatory hell of
debt because they'll always have that
debt around their neck and of course you
know with all the data collected on
Facebook and Google and Twitter and all
these companies that sell their their
information and data analytics to the
likes of Warburg Pincus of course they
know exactly when you need that money
and they know exactly when you're
vulnerable maybe a child has been ill
maybe we have you know medical expenses
maybe you have an elderly parent in a in
a assisted living and you have needs for
money and desperate for cash and they
send you a check in the mail you just
open your you know it's not like it says
sweepstakes that used to Ed McMahon used
to do it's like here we have a check for
you and of course people are desperate
and the cash to five thousand ten
thousand dollars check and lo and behold
they instantly this is part of what RBS
did with grg is they they randomly seize
they asked for you to pay the principal
back okay you've cashed the check now
pay the principal back you know a week
later right so in an angel we're talking
about universal basic income by giving
people money strings no strings attached
there's a way to accommodate them for
the fact that their economy's been
gutted by the likes of Tim Geithner and
his friends who financialized everything
and then gave themselves free loans for
decades to do private equity deals to
suck all the equity and cash out of the
economy so now we're going to universal
basic income but his spin on it is let's
do it differently lets him you know
burden these people with unforgivable
loans that wind them in prison that's my
take on the point yeah I don't know
about the prison thing but certainly yet
debtors prisons are coming back but
certainly they are destroying people
with debt here's a guy who also
engineered all of the the not tarp but
he engineered all of the Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac HAMP and the restructuring
of these loans that actually didn't end
up helping any American mortgage holder
who was underwater but it helped all the
banks so here
Obama to put us in the context when you
start at the second you're saying during
this Obama period when he came into town
and he basically threw the keys to the
to the Washington elite they can
Washington Consensus and this is what
they have come up with on top of that we
have another situation where apparently
America's labor shortage is approaching
epidemic proportions and it could be
employers who end up paying so of course
they're very concerned about this all
these financial press is concerned that
employers that there's apparently an
epidemic of labor shortage so one thing
most people learn in economics 101 is
that usually if there's a shortage of
say apples or milk you raise the price
and what happens apple milk arrives in
the market right wages are going up well
right now there's an epidemic of
shortage the employers are unwilling
unwilling to give more money right
workers are unwilling to ask for more
money they're in a standoff so they're
freed because they have these these
predatory lending loans that Timothy
Geithner they're former Treasury
secretary they they assume they hey this
guy must be a nice guy
heesu Simon and here he is giving me a
loan and now if castellone and now I'm
desperate and I have to pay the 36
percent interest rate so dare I ask for
any more money no but am I willing to do
that job for $10 an hour when that's not
even it's gonna set me over into an
Obama care policy that's gonna cost more
than going to work so there we're at a
like strange juncture because there is
things like the Obama care policies that
do if you earn too much money then you
get basically you become negative net
worth because you have to pay the
healthcare costs that are like more than
most salaries in America it's like the
plague in Europe you know in the 1400s
they wiped out half the population and
then wages started going up that was the
beginning of the middle class so America
is facing a plague of an infestation of
bankers like Timothy Geithner who's
gonna cause a wholesale collapse of the
economy and a die-off well that point go
up well if you have a universal basic
debt then you have a situation where
workers are afraid to ask for more money
but then employers can't hire anybody
that's willing to work because it's well
they don't earn enough to even cover the
interest so tweet from david sirota he
says about this it's telling that the
political class calmly cites supply and
demand economics to justify a forty
dollar bottle of water during a natural
disaster but the same political class is
horrified that supply and demand
economics might force CEOs to pay
workers are higher wage and a labor
shortage so there's a labor shortage but
nobody's willing to move because all
these CEOs know that you're poor they
all know that you have universal basic
debt and they all know that their only
way out of it is to take whatever meager
income they're willing to offer you and
you're afraid to ask for more money
because you are a universal basic debtor
you are like one step away from some
debtor prison they're ready to build
someday and where where does it go from
here it's kind of a stalemate right so
they love capitalism when they can
charge $40 during a crisis but they hate
it when they have to actually adhere to
supply and demand cards when it comes to
hiring workers yes so therefore what
they end up with is the worst of all
possible worlds kleptocrats and criminal
a serial recidivist criminals like
Timothy Geithner in charge of companies
who are out there wholesale slaughtering
Americans for their amusement debt
slaughtering water you know Rachel
Maddow conspiracy theory yeah we don't
want to be like yeah debt slaughter
desolate hey we got to go to the second
half who's in the second half as I said
Dan call into the China money report
don't go away stay right there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Dan Colin
to the China money report in Shanghai
Dan welcome back hey max thanks good to
be back all right Dan you're one of our
favorite guests because your call on
Asia and China has been spot on for a
number of years so once again we call on
your expertise to help us get to the
latest news it looks like trade war is
on last year on Kaiser report you said
that the trade war has been on for a
long time it was only the u.s. who
didn't know it I think now they know it
your thoughts down yeah absolutely max I
think I said last year that the trade
war was been lost for many years and I
think that's been borne out by the facts
US workers haven't seen a paycheck
increase in two decades most of the
manufacturing areas of the country you
know I've been you know needed a lot of
work forty fifty thousand factories were
lost you know for in the last decade we
have less workers in manufacturing
United States since we've had in the
1970s and that's not all Automation
there's there's actually more
manufacturing workers today than it has
ever been
they're just not in the United States
because the United States was the only
country they didn't protect its workers
and a u.s. had a two and half percent
duty against everybody else and people
like China here as a 25 to 50 percent
duty I know this because I've spent 20
years here closing factories in the
United States and opening them in China
so unfortunately that's been a situation
now trade war I think it was lost I call
this the Trump reconstruction economy if
you look at these tariffs 50 billion
dollars 34 has already been set
additional 16 billion are coming these
are took a look at the tariffs in detail
they're all centered around
reconstructing and reindustrialize in
the United States lot a you know
motors industrial lubricants furnaces
for steel manufacturing I mean it's
current mostly based around
manufacturing not a lot of stuff that'll
hit Americans in the retail pocketbook
so the trade war is just starting over
here
they called the Maui John it's a lot of
press I've had a couple deals postponed
already because of it I think we're at
the first inning of this I think it
could get continue to get uglier and
uglier
China's gonna run on a Hamill before the
United States China only buys about 130
billion years from the US u.s. buys 500
billion so in that way the u.s. does
have a lot of cards in their pocket to
play in this trade war right so a lot a
lot to unpack there Dan but first of all
just to summarize you are saying that
Trump really recognized the facts on the
ground that there has been a trade war
America lost a trade war and he's simply
now getting back into the game so I
think that needs to be recognized number
two he said something there very
interesting I want to get your further
comments on it that the China would run
out of a gas before the US and this
trade war and can you go into that a
little bit sure as I mentioned the only
they've only by about a fifth of what
the United States buys from them so in
terms of just constantly packing on
terrorists it doesn't work if it you
know this whole deindustrialization
concept of the United States which we've
been talking about here for several
years is borne out by the fact of what
China has targeted fourth on terrace the
united states soy beans fish nuts the US
has become a 19th century agrarian
economy and we have very little to
export any more so it needs to be
reindustrialize china has other ways
though they could go at the trade or and
just as opposed to tariffs right now
just on the big macro picture okay
America needs to be reinvest and so
factories come back to America it may be
cheaper to build a factory now in
America than in China okay so that means
that wages potentially in America go up
but it also means that prices go up you
get to get inflation so the American
worker will get more money in their
pocket but stuff will start to cost more
so it's the exact opposite of what we
saw off the past 20 years Americans were
willing to accept lower wages because
the stuff at Walmart that was
manufactured in China was depreciating
in value faster than their way
ages so they have that sense of well my
lifestyle is actually going up because I
can afford a big-screen TV I can afford
all these clothes made in Asia even
though I make it less so is it correct
to say that whole equation is now going
to go into reverse damn yeah I believe
we're at the an inflection point here I
mean I've been here 20 years this is the
inflection point the world's not gonna
be the same China no longer has the
cheap labor I mean literally they're
making 60 to 70 percent of what US
workers make now the u.s. is the new
emerging economy then all the
infrastructure needs to be rebuilt the
workers actually make very low wages now
10 bucks an hour 12 bucks an hour not
much more than to get here in China and
I see big opportunities here in US now
it's like two reindustrialize inflation
could come back however as you bring all
that new capacity online in the US the
prices will come down so it will start
out with a tariff but US Steel adds more
plants and other steel companies ahead
more plants the price will naturally
come down Americans will have workers
and then they'll have their own
industrial base again all right well
this sounds like a big positive for the
US so how is this being portrayed in the
media in China how are they talking
about this over there well the number
one issue here now of Max is the people
throwing themselves off buildings
because they lost money in the World Cup
thanks a lot Germany oh and number two
is the Maui John the trade war and
people are a little bit nervous 23
percent of the exports out of China go
in United States however if you look at
plant by plant company by company a lot
of companies have a hundred percent of
their exports go to the United States
and that's all they do these guys could
be in severe trouble you know they could
be out of business the day after next
you could have a lot of economic
dislocation you could have a lot you
know China now's the time to confront
China because you have a lot of debt
overhang you have this one bill one role
you have all this money going all over
the place and now's the time I think if
you try to confront China in ten years
it'd be too late but now it's probably a
good time for United States to do this
alright so Trump as Savior you're coming
in at the just at the end of the
possible nick of time to save and
reindustrialize America sounds like a
good reelection campaign so Dan tell us
about the belt and road initiative and
what the impact of that might be so just
a quick synopsis there this is the idea
of kind of the New Silk Road right
they're gonna go all over Asia connect
Russia China with this huge new trading
geo area outside of the traditional can
give us some filling on that damn this
is China's challenge to the IMF the
World Bank
you know they created the Asian
infrastructure bank a hundred billion
dollars that's funding this new Silk
Road also the maritime Road this is
about locking in all of China's
neighbors into their infrastructure and
technological footprint you know they
build the bridges the ports the roads
the rail they come in and build the
telecom network that gets you in with
qualify or ZTE it's all about getting as
many countries into their sphere of
influence and mo there's many more
countries now trade dependent on China
than they are the United States so this
is a this is their geopolitical strategy
to you know roll their country outside
their own borders you know Dan back in
1980s 1989 there abouts I was working on
a Wall Street and
the theme of the day was that Japan was
going to take over the world and that
real estate Tokyo was skyrocketing and
America was becoming a vassal state to
the Japanese miracle and then Japan
crashed and they've been in a
deflationary 20-year period is it
similar with China you know China was
touted as going to be the
market of the 21st century that they
were gonna take over the world it seems
like now the rubber is at the road and
maybe not so much is there a parallel
there down well I think this is the time
that'll tell I would I remember the the
Japanese comparison as well I would say
China has for every one Japanese citizen
there's 20 Chinese so it's a much larger
scale we're talking about you look at
the reality of the real economy they
have kind of taken over the world
they're by far number one in most
markets in the world you know they feel
more steel in six weeks than us does all
year their car markets twice as large
will they continue this growth path if
they continue on the growth path they
have now absolutely all dominated the
world Chinese have cities now with GDP s
that are the size of European countries
dial in the GP of dial n is bigger than
Finland the GDP at Hangzhou is bigger
than Sweden the GDP of Rohan is bigger
than Greece so this is a you know 13
trillion dollar economy but it's grafted
onto a 1930s political system and I
think that is its weakness and if now is
the time you know in world history where
it will fork off it'll by far be the
number one power in ten years or they
could stagnate in follow kind of the
Japanese model alright Dan what is China
25 20 25 and why is there so much
trepidation the government to talk about
China 20 25 what is it
well China 20 made in China 20 25 is
Chinese industrial policy to get
everything localized within Chinese
companies high-tech products that they
still can't do today a lot of those are
on high-end chips little high-end
semiconductor testing equipment they're
pouring huge amounts of money and Evi
electrical vehicles and electrical
vehicle batteries so it's basically just
an industrial policy I don't blame them
for that I don't think what you
criticize them for that common mix makes
good sense for every nation to do that
China doesn't like to talk about it they
you know there's a Chinese saying that
hide your strengths and bide your time
and that's what they're doing with
trying to put the silence on made in
China 2025 in the press right so they
will in other words like a product like
Apple it's designed in California built
in China they want to get in and
that design dollars and be original and
they get the entire you know dollar from
from every bit of the of the ecosystem
but I want to move on to some on the
Trump administration are claiming China
is behind the scenes trying to ruin the
North Korean deal
so is this the beginning of semantics
China propaganda that usually leaves to
isolation when applied against others
etc I've not heard of this we'll have
you heard of this what would tell us
more Dan well I think we talked last
time in North Korea they're they're 90
percent trade dependent on China China
is the puppet master of the whole North
Korean piece wouldn't surprise me if
they try to throw throw throw that in
with their negotiations but I don't
think anyone has any real proof of it so
we'll have to see how that goes along
all right so at the moment though you
know at what point do the catwalk and
the Chinese government kind of keep the
lid on the fact that there's a major
seismic change coming and how much of an
impact will this have on what's done the
average Chinese person well I think it
depends on the job losses I mean it's
quite interesting you know so when Trump
gave them a restart the ZTE we're being
able to buy the Qualcomm chips I think
people in us criticized that but they
didn't understand ZT is a hundred
thousand employees so if you want a real
trade war you shut down a company that
is a hundred thousand employees and pull
them out put them out of work in one day
so these things need to be managed very
carefully so you have the ZT example but
you have thousands of other factories
that could go idle overnight in the long
run it may be good for China China is
getting old very fast in ten years it
can be one of the oldest countries in
the world you already can't find factory
workers they Chinese industrial policy
but they have currently makes no sense
to keep building factories and export
building factories as an export it
doesn't make sense so there's a there's
incentive for China to come to the table
and have both these large countries you
call G 1 and G 2 work together will that
actually happen though or remains to be
seen
alright thank
thanks so much for being on the Kaiser
report thanks Meg all right well that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy Herbert want to thank our guest
Dan Collins of the China money report if
you want to reach us on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye y'all
