UK media are reporting that
investigators have identified those
behind the poisoning of double agent
Sergei scrapple and his daughter earlier
this year a source with knowledge of the
probe told Press Association
investigators believe they have
identified the suspected perpetrators
behind the novel jock attack on the
scruples
all right live now to London artis poli
Boyka joining us here hello to you Polly
can you take us through what's been
revealed so far
yeah well this has allegedly come from a
source close to the police investigation
into the original poisoning in Salisbury
of the script house-surgeon Ulis
crippled back in March and this
anonymous source told the Press
Association that investigators are
apparently closing in on the suspected
perpetrators of that original attack
they've apparently been scanning CCTV
images and they've crossed checked this
with records of people that were coming
in and out of the country at the time
because and the bombshell here really is
that they are sure apparently that the
suspects are Russians now it's important
to note here that this information is
unconfirmed as yet so far it's just come
from this one anonymous source speaking
to the press Association but naturally
it's doing the rounds here and it's
headline news now even though as yet we
haven't had any official updates from
the police investigation this hasn't
stopped the press speculation though so
according to the Sun for example
Scotland Yard apparently believes that
it was a two-man hit squad that carried
out the attack on behalf of the Kremlin
the Peres thought to have left the UK
for Russia the morning after the attack
and I mean this is a quote directly from
the Sun they're thought to be under the
protection of President Vladimir Putin
Moscow's consistently denied any claims
of involvement in this case even though
Britain the British government pointed
the finger at the Kremlin soon after the
attack took place saying it was highly
likely that Russia was behind it
and now following on from these
unconfirmed these new unconfirmed
reports the Russian ambassador to the UK
Alexander Yakov an Co has already
responded take a listen to what he had
to say Russia wants to hear the names of
those accused of poisoning the scruples
from the authorities for now there are
only media reports you can see there the
Russian ambassador actually upping the
ante some what he's saying well go on
let's see the names then if we're gonna
talk about this why why is this all
based on unconfirmed reports and we've
just got a line from the Russian Foreign
Ministry as well back in Moscow they're
saying that if the UK keeps these
alleged Russian suspects classified if
the case becomes secret then Moscow will
interpret it as a cover-up of the
perpetrators so there's clearly a
growing sense of frustration from the
Russian side here that the British media
can sort of go on making these
allegations they're worried that the
perhaps they'll be able to go on making
these allegations indefinitely without
having any sort of official statements
from the investigation to back up these
claims all right our tease Polly Boyko
live in London thank you
you
