US President Donald Trump's facing a
backlash after claiming that he misspoke
when saying he saw no reason why Russia
would hack America's presidential
elections he was already under intense
pressure from the US media over his
performance at the Helsinki summit with
Vladimir Putin naughty Samira Khan
reports from Washington on Trump's
latest remarks the key sentence in my
remarks I said the word would instead of
wouldn't I have President Putin he just
said it's not Russia I will say this I
don't see any reason why it would be a
sentence should have been I don't see
any reason why it wouldn't be Russia
sort of a double negative so you could
put that in and I think that probably
clarifies things pretty good by itself
it's not just politicians from both
sides going absolutely nuts over the
Trump Putin summit it's the media as
well and it's mostly just criticism of
Trump's willingness to talk to Putin
there's a reason there is a big national
freakout happening right now over what
the president just did in public
Vladimir Putin pitched a shutout Trump
got beat up in the locker room what
worries me that you mister president is
you seem to say only good things about
your enemies was shocking it was
appalling
there was a real sense of defeat you
have been watching perhaps one of the
most disgraceful performances by an
American president get a chance to show
loyalty to the men and women in uniform
and instead he betrayed them it's a
disaster now it's forced Trump to
backtrack saying he misspoke which
allowed him to reiterate claims made by
the US Intel community but they're still
not convinced instead of standing up for
our democracy and democratic principles
president Trump coward in the presence
of Putin it was a wholesale betrayal of
the values and interests of this country
there is nothing more heartbreaking to
me than a president who refuses to stand
up for our democracy presidents sided
with the enemy with the perpetrator of
the election interference disgraceful
performance of the president are a
treacherous act ignore
and willfully disrespectful president
Trump continues to take the word of
Russians enthusiastically embracing
their excuses is unable to confront
Russia on anything the highly
controversial meeting has prompted calls
to release transcripts apparently they
want to know exactly what happened and
what was said behind closed doors we're
worried about what the president said
publicly we're even more worried about
what happened in those two hours when
the president was alone with mr. Putin I
believe the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee should hold a hearing with the
American translator who was present
during President Trump's and president
Putin's private meeting to determine
what was specifically discussed and
agreed to on the United States behalf
now this all comes a despite agreement
reached upon so we're just going to have
to see if domestic backlash hinders of
Russia US relations I think we have a
the mainstream media and we have the
military-industrial complex whose goal
it is to shame him in any way possible
when he speaks against their agendas now
he was right to challenge the military
industrial complex of which the
intelligence apparatus is one part one
very important and very expensive part
but the fact that he then turned tail
and apologized just shows that he lacks
the backbone for this job it's going to
help if Trump can actually use what he
said which was right he was right to
call the intelligence community into
question because of their bad
intelligence we are stuck in one
nonsensical quagmire after another so if
he can actually take that and say you
know what I retract the apology I wasn't
wrong we need to put we need to put a
leash on the American intelligence
service if he could do that
that would be fantastic I don't see that
happening though what I see is someone
who's blustering a lot and showing any
kind of lack of any kind of real
backbone on this well Donald Trump has
tweeted that in fact the intelligence
community quotes loved his performance
in Helsinki he also claimed many haters
were bothered because of how well he got
along with Putin
you
