our NATO allies by over forty four
billion dollars and secretary Sultan
Berg was fantastic as you know he
reported that they've never had an
increase like this in their history and
NATO was actually going down as opposed
to going up and I increased it by my
meeting last year forty four billion
dollars and this year will be over
it'll be hundreds of billions of dollars
over the coming years and I think
there's great unity with NATO there's a
lot of very positive things happening
there's a great spirit that we didn't
have before and there's a lot of money
that they're putting up they weren't
paying their bills on time and now
they're doing that and I want to just
say thank you very much to Secretary
Stoltenberg he he really has been
terrific so we had a tremendous success
I also had beatings with Prime Minister
May on the range of issues concerning
our special relationship and that's
between the United Kingdom and ourselves
we met with the Queen who is absolutely
a terrific person where she reviewed her
honor guard for the first time in 70
years they tell me we walked in front of
the under guard and that was very
inspiring to see and be with her and I
think the relationship I can truly say
is a good one but she was very very
inspiring indeed most recently I
returned from Helsinki Finland and I was
going to give a news conference over the
next couple of days about the tremendous
success because as successful as NATO
was I think this was our most successful
visit and that had to do as you know
with Russia
I met with Russian President Vladimir
Putin in an attempt to tackle some of
the most pressing issues facing humanity
we have never been in a worse
relationship with Russia than we are as
of a few days ago and I think that's
gotten substantially better and I think
it has the possibility of getting much
better and I used to talk about this
during the
campaign getting along with Russia would
be a good thing getting along with China
would be a good thing not a bad thing a
good thing in fact a very good thing
we're nuclear powers great nuclear
powers Russia and us have 90 percent of
the nuclear weapons so I've always felt
getting along is a positive thing and
not just for that reason I entered the
meeting with the firm conviction that
diplomacy and engagement is better than
hostility and conflict and I feel that
with everybody we have 29 members in
NATO as an example and I have great
relationships or at least very good
relationships with everybody the press
covered it quite inaccurately they said
I insulted people well it's asking for
people to pay up
money that they are supposed to pay is
insulting maybe I did but I can tell you
when I left everybody was thrilled and
that's the way this was to my meeting
with President Putin was really
interesting in so many different ways
because we haven't had relationships
with Russia for a long time and we
started let me begin by saying that once
again the full faith and support for
America's intelligence agencies I have a
full faith in our intelligence agencies
whoops they just turned off the light
that must be the intelligence agencies
there we go okay you guys okay it was
strange but that's okay so I'll begin by
stating that I have full faith and
support for America's great intelligence
agencies always had and I have felt very
strongly that while Russia's actions had
no impact at all on the outcome of the
election let me be totally clear in
saying that and I've said this many
times I accept our intelligence
community's conclusion that Russia's
meddling in the 2016 election took place
could be other people also a lot of
people out there there was no collusion
at all and people have seen that and
they've seen that strongly the house has
already come out very strongly on that a
lot of people have come out strongly and
then I thought that I made myself very
clear by having just reviewed the
transcript now I have to say I came back
and I said what is going on what's the
big deal so I got a transcript I
reviewed it I actually went out and
reviewed a clip of an answer that I gave
and I realized that there is need for
some clarification it should have been
obvious I thought it would be obvious
but I would like to clarify just in case
it wasn't in a key sentence in my
remarks I said the word would instead of
wouldn't the sentence should have been I
don't see any reason why I wouldn't or
why it wouldn't be Russian so just to
repeat it I said the word would instead
of would and the sentence should have
been and I thought I would be maybe a
little bit unclear on the transcript or
unclear on the actual video the sentence
should have been I don't see any reason
why it wouldn't be Russia sort of a
double negative so you could put that in
and I think that probably clarifies
things pretty
by itself I have on numerous occasions
noted our intelligence findings that
Russians attempted to interfere in our
elections unlike previous
administrations my administration has
and will continue to move aggressively
to repeal any efforts and repeal we will
stop it we will repeal it any efforts to
interfere in our elections we're doing
everything in our power to prevent
Russian interference in 2018 and we have
a lot of power as you know President
Obama was given information just prior
to the election last election 2016 and
they decided not to do anything about it
the reason they decide that was pretty
obvious to all they thought Hillary
Clinton was going to win the election
and they didn't think was a big deal
when I won the election they thought it
was a very big deal and all of a sudden
they went into action but it was a
little bit late so he was given that in
sharp contrast to the way it should be
and President Obama along with Brennan
and clapper and the whole group that you
see on television now probably getting
paid a lot of money by the networks they
knew about Russia's attempt to interfere
in the election in September and they
totally buried it and as I said they
burned it because they thought that
Hillary Clinton was going to win turned
out didn't happen that way
by contrast my administration has taken
a very firm stance it's a very firm
stance on a strong action we're going to
take strong action to secure our
election systems and the process
furthermore as has been stated and we've
stated it previously and on many
occasions no collusion yesterday we made
significant progress toward addressing
some of the worst conflicts on earth so
when I met with President Putin for
about two and a half hours we talked
about numerous things and among those
things are the problems that you see in
the Middle East where they're very much
involved we're very much involved I
entered the negotiations with President
Putin from a position of tremendous
strength our economy is booming and our
military is being funded 700 billion
this year 716 billion dollars next year
it will be more powerful as a military
than we've ever had before President
Putin and I addressed the range of
issues starting with the civil war in
Syria and need for humanitarian aid and
help for people in Syria we also spoke
of Iran and the need to halt the nuclear
ambitions and the destabilizing
activities taking place in Iran as most
of you know we ended the Iran deal which
was one of the worst deals anyone could
imagine and that's had a major impact on
Iran and it's substantially weakened
Iran and we hope that at some point the
red will call us and we'll maybe make a
new deal or we may be low about Iran is
not the same country that it was five
months ago that I can tell you they're
no longer looking so much to the
Mediterranean and the entire Middle East
they've got some big problems that they
can solve probably much easier if they
deal with us so we'll see what happens
but we did this best Iran we discussed
Israel and the security of Israel and
President Putin is very much involved
now with us and the discussion with Bibi
Netanyahu on working something out with
surrounding Syria and Syria and
specifically with regards to the
security and long-term security of
Israel a major topic of discussion was
North Korea and the need for it to
remove its nuclear weapons Russia has
assured us of its support President
Putin said he agrees with
100% and they'll do whatever they have
to do to try and make it happen
discussions are ongoing and they're
going very very well
we have no rush for speed the sanctions
are remaining the hostages are back
there have been no tests there have been
no rockets going up for a period of nine
months and I think the relationships are
very good so we'll see how that goes we
have no time limit we have no speed
limit we have we're just going through
the process but the relationships are
very good president putin is going to be
involved in the sense that he is he is
with us he would like to see that happen
perhaps the most important issue we
discussed at our meeting prior to the
press conference was the reduction of
nuclear weapons throughout the world the
United States and Russia 90 percent as I
said and we could have a big impact but
nuclear weapons is I think the greatest
threat of our world today and they're a
great nuclear power we're a great
nuclear power we have to do something
about nuclear and so that was a matter
that we discussed actually in great
detail and President Putin agrees with
me the matters we discussed are profound
in their importance and have the
potential to save millions of lives I
understand the many disagreements
between our countries but I also
understand that dialogue and the when
you think about a dialogue with Russia
or dialogue with other countries but
dialogue with Russia in this case well
we've had such poor relationships for so
many years dialogue is a very important
thing and it's a very good thing so if
we get along with them great if you
don't get along with them then we'll you
won't get along with them but I think we
have a very good chance of having some
very positive things I thought that the
meeting that I had with President Putin
was really strong I think that they were
willing to do things that frankly I
wasn't sure whether or not they would be
to do and we'll be having future
meetings and we'll see whether or not
that comes to fruition but we had a very
very good meeting so I just wanted to
clear up I have the strongest respect
for our intelligence agencies headed by
my people we have great people whether
it's Gina dan coats or any of them I
mean we have we have tremendous people
tremendous talent within the agencies I
think they're being guided properly and
we all want the same thing we want
success for our country so with that
we're going to start a meeting now on
tax reductions we're going to be putting
in a bill Kevin Brady is with us and I
might ask Kevin just to say a couple of
words about that and then we'll get back
on to a private meeting but Kevin could
you maybe give just a brief discussion
about what we talking about yes sir mr.
president thank you for having members
of the Ways and Means Committee here
today you know peace through strength
his foreign policy that works and works
best when America has a strong economy
and a strong military under your
leadership House house in Senate
Republicans are delivering on both of
them today is about how we can
strengthen America's economy even more
and we think the best place to start is
with America's middle class families and
our small businesses so today we're here
to talk to you about making permanent
this tax relief one so they can continue
to grow - so we can add a million and a
half new jobs and three we can protect
them against a future Washington trying
to steal back those hard-earned dollars
that you and Republican Congress has
given them so thank you very much for
having us here today
and the time of submittal what would you
think that would be given so we
anticipate to the house voting on this
in September in the Senate setting a
timetable as well well that's great
thank you very much everybody
