behind the US media speculation of
whether Donald Trump is in fact a
Russian agent or not Saturday summit in
Helsinki did in fact see some impressive
diplomacy one of the issues where the
leaders seemed to have common ground
with Syria and Russia's Defense Ministry
says it's ready to implement any deals
agreed upon now joined in the studio by
RTS Maria finocchiona now we're at
what's been achieved at this summit then
in fact it's really hard to say what has
been achieved and it's not clear what
concrete steps are what exact changes in
the two countries US and Russia military
strategies and tactics in Syria we can
expect following these claims and the
dialogue that we had yesterday on Monday
but what we can say for sure and what is
clear is that this is certainly a
positive sign for Syria the rhetoric
between the two countries recently has
been very uneasy we've even been here in
Russia and us accusing each other each
other of disturbing the situation in
Syria and even warning the other side
that certain steps could be dangerous
and a certain reaction could follow so
it was quite tense and now we hear that
russia's President Vladimir Putin says
that the two countries coordinate in
Syria very well and we heard Trump
saying that actually the military gets
loaned very well and they've even gotten
along better than any political leaders
let's take a listen factor military's
actually have gotten along probably
better than our political leaders for
years but our militaries do get along
very well and they do coordinate in
Syria and other places so it's still yet
to come and see what follows but
definitely it is a positive and good
sign for Syria I guess what's important
to understand is what is currently going
on in Syria right now well the war has
been raging there for more than seven
years already as you know so the
situation remains very difficult on the
ground but recently the focus has been
on the region in Syria bordering
esra
as you know Syria and Israel the
confrontation between the two countries
has been very high actually always
pretty much and remains today but we
heard reports shortly after the meeting
between mr. Trump and mr. Putin that the
Syrian government managed to regain
control of a strategic region in that
part of Syria border in Israel and I
have to say that these reports are very
hard to verify at this point but we can
say that it's not a secret that the US
has a certain influence on Israel and if
we hear President Trump saying that they
are ready to cooperate in Syria we can
expect that the situation could ease in
Syria and maybe could even mean some
gains for for the Syrian government on
the ground of course we'll be following
along closely to see if any concrete
actions are taken Arty's maria fernanda
thank you so much we can now bring in
geopolitics expert via Emmanuel tome on
now mr. Foreman we know that some
agreements have been reached but not the
details at this point do you think the
deals will help Syria I think this is a
new process and Vladimir Putin and
Donald Trump have shown to the world but
they want to be in charge so of course
we don't know yet the detailed content
of what we negotiated but I think in the
future when you might learn more but
what is important is the will of both
actors to go although there are big
differences and they want to start
negotiations on the real political basis
and I think this is a good start because
with option ideas in international
relations always fail and they admit
their rivals they want to
identify common grounds for cooperation
and try to overcome their differences
and this first bilateral meeting also is
a sign of a new world
emerging we are in a new multipolar
world where central actors negotiate on
basis on their national interest to try
to contain regional crises to spiral and
destabilize their own relations and
world peace and this is I think more
productive and we ancient approach which
was from the US the goal was to
westernize the world to impose a
normative multilateral East ideology but
with unilateral interpretation of the
West and this new has a key summit
exemplify the acceptance from the u.s.
of the new multipolar world and I think
this is also a good sign for Europe
because if Americans are Russians
arrivals then European territory becomes
a part of a theater of confrontation and
if Russians and Americans can go over
their differences is good of a stability
of Europe along that line yesterday we
heard a lot about the humanitarian
crisis in the country about helping the
Syrian people if they do work together
in the situation does improve in Syria
could this ease the migrant crisis in
Europe of course the migration crisis
was a big big problem for Europe because
of massive migrants coming to Europe but
the source of a crisis is of course
stabilization of Middle East with regime
changes in the region with the Iraq war
the Libyan regime change and the attempt
to do a regime change in Syria and of
course stabilization of his region this
crucial to stop the destabilization of
Middle East and also to regulate
moreover migration crisis
you
