meanwhile there are other ways that the
portation can run into hiccups too
because France has apologized after its
police drove into Italy and dropped two
undocumented migrants off in a forest
without Romans permission let's get more
on this story now from our Europe
correspondent Charlotte dibinsky who
joins us live good afternoon T Charlotte
just tell us them what's been Italy's
reaction to this well Italy caught it's
French police counterparts red-handed in
the last few days after a French police
van was as you say seen over the border
in Italy near the ski resort of clavier
as a result that they saw two men of
African origin who were immigrants being
ushered out of the van and then the
police officers actually fleeing the
scene they started an investigation and
as you can imagine italy is furious
about this latest incident the Interior
Minister meteo Sylvania gave this
absolutely furious response to what
happened in Italy in the last few days
abandoning immigrants in an Italian
forest can't be considered an error or
an accident why does France talk about
policemen who did not know the way if
the van returned to its country at great
speed and without hesitation we will go
all the way we are facing an
international dishonor and mr. macron
can't pretend we do not accept the
apology well as you can imagine as you
see there italy is furious about this
and French authorities have admitted
that the incident took place but say
that it was an error and the police
officers involved didn't know the area
very well as part of a repatriation of
illegal immigrants mission
French police crossed the French Italian
border in the direction of clavier Italy
without any authorization from the
Italian police
well as you can imagine this is not the
first time there have been tensions on
this French Italian border in the alpine
region earlier this year Rome actually
summoned france's ambassador over an
incident where French customs officers
actually crossed the border and forced
an Italian citizen to take a urine test
because they suspected him of having
drugs ingested in his system completely
out of their jurisdiction
now given that president McGowan has
said many time and criticized the
response that we've had from the
Interior Ministry of Italy over the
situation with migrants they've
complained many times about the burden
of migration and how they feel that they
are shouldering that burden across the
European Union he said the countries
like that which don't show solidarity
for the EU project could be kicked out
of the Schengen area so it's pretty rich
when actually what we see is French
police officers being caught red-handed
in a cloak-and-dagger operation and
actually deporting migrants directly to
its neighbor Italy
you
