Dianne Feinstein has long been a top
boss among the Democratic Party but
recently the California Democratic Party
decided not to throw its weight behind
her but instead to give its endorsement
to a progressive named Kevin de Leon
now Kevin de Leon saw this as a
political blowout this is what he said
about his shocking victory we presented
Californians with the first real
alternative to the worn-out Washington
playbook in a quarter century this fits
a pattern here in New York City a
28-year old socialist defeated longtime
representative Crowley
now Nancy Pelosi a leader of the
Democratic Party says that progressives
gaining the upper hand is no big deal
this is isolated circumstances in
certain districts they made a choice in
one district so let's not get yourself
carried away as an expert on
demographics and the rest of that
district in New York more progressive
then well Joe Crowley is the best
but more to the less than joke rally is
about that district it is not to be do
as something that stands ready now now
DeLeon
and Acacio Cortez say that they're
giving voice to issues that the
mainstream of the Democratic camp has
long shied away from they want free
health care and education for all
Americans they also want to abolish the
immigration police for good now we
decided to talk to sander Hicks a
progressive who's running against
mainstream Democrat Carol Maloney in New
York City people need health care Dianne
Feinstein was against single-payer she
made 52 million dollars for herself in
her 10 years she's one of the richest
senators out there and he actually
doesn't believe that people need health
care so that's pretty pretty plain to me
that's why Bernie Sanders really struck
a chord and people like Feinstein people
like the incumbent here in the 12th
congressional district they've got to go
carolyn maloney yeah she voted for the
Iraq war she voted for all the Wall
Street bailouts the patriot act just
like dianne feinstein voted for the
Patriot Act people are out of touch
they're endorsing this national security
paranoia state that favors Wall Street
and war at this point the Democratic
Party seems to be pretty well unified
around only one thing opposing Donald
Trump however among the rank-and-file
there are some pretty clear
disagreements about policy and it's
pretty clear that an either party to be
seen as a defender of the status quo
just doesn't cut it with voters Kayla
poppin RT New York
you
