rapido
firstly Russia as a state has never
meddled in the internal affairs of the
US and in particular has never meddled
in its elections after or secondly but
wait wait just let me answer have some
patients finish quick your opinion we
really think that it was possible to
meddle in the u.s. elections in the
territory of Russia and to influence the
choice of a millions of American
interested people yet it's ridiculously
cancer at the post efficient lot I'm not
asking whether they influenced I'm
asking whether they tried I will answer
them what the heck is about whom
everyone was talking about I really turn
to it do not worry they opened the
emails as they told us and there was
information that inside the Democratic
Party there were manipulations in favor
of one of the candidates and that is all
and that the leadership of the executive
body of the party resigned so they
admitted this fact and that was the most
important thing in all of it that the
manipulations of the US public opinion
must be stopped and they had to
apologize to the voters tell me then and
I will stay silent but if you want
Americans to hear my opinion even have
more patience mr. Miller and his
colleagues why mr. Miller and his
colleagues disrespectful you won't stop
relations between the US and Russia the
hostages of your internal political
struggles do you want to be given some
documents on this issue at least some
material as you see no one is saying
anything specific that it's like in the
case of the accusations against us over
the meddling in the u.s. political
process we had not been given any
documents and now we see that two more
people became the victims of the
so-called Navi chunk but I hadn't even
heard the names of these people before
who are these people
and from what did they suffer and why
pachinko and supposedly they picked up
the bottle that was used to attack
scribble I can may I ask you one last
question sir the solution let us handle
this issue first who picked it up and
from where but now and what is its
chemical form is that stuff and whether
there are different regions for which
these people have suffered and maybe
these reasons are inside the UK victims
ringing tunic which but no one wants to
investigate this properly well they just
throw empty accusations and for what
sake why worse than the relations
between our countries when Russia wants
to build them with the UK properly so
little bit then you came across three
doors new motors do you see the summit
as a turning point and end by effort of
the effort by the West in recent years
to isolate Russia we destroy it usually
we see that these efforts do not see any
success and they could never have seen
it given the size and the violence of
Russia and the scale of global security
and in economics and I mean the energy
cost part of the world's economics the
understanding of what is uniting us and
on what we have to work together is
leading us to the idea that it is
necessary to stop the attempts to fight
each other and on the contrary to unite
our efforts for overcoming common
difficulties and problems I think it is
a good start
you
