just hours after Putin and Trump
finished their meeting new accusations
appeared of Russia interfering in
American affairs a Russian woman was
charged by the Department of Justice
with conspiracy to act as a Russian
agent 29 year old Maria Poochyena who
recently graduated from American
University in Washington DC was arrested
on Sunday
she's accused of developing relations
with those who have influence and
American politics to advance Russia's
interests her attorney made a statement
denying she's an agent he also said the
woman offered to be interviewed by the
special counsels office but they showed
no interest in speaking to her we
brought up the issue with political
analyst Lionel what you're going to hear
regarding this this Russian citizen is
that she is called a Russian agent what
is missed completely is that agent
should be referred to as lobbyist an
agent in law in American law means a
representative of when American media
say agent they think secret agent sir
espionage agent you know something
nefarious something involving behind the
scenes something illegal something that
is other than an agent
this particular person was charged with
basically being a lobbyist in essence
without having registered with the
Department of Justice could more
indictments happen absolutely will the
media American media clarify what that
means absolutely not
you
