it's simple Facebook exists to serve
advertisers not users not you and I
senator we run ads I say advertisers pay
money they want direct access to the
rights uses the target audience you
might fall into the interested in Islam
category or interested in homosexuality
group it depends on the things you click
online which Facebook tracks and then
advertisers or governments contagion but
one of those categories was treason
interested in treason officially Russian
people who Facebook deemed as
anti-government to anti-russian and
Facebook confirmed it to us treason was
included as a category given its
historical significance given it is an
illegal activity we have removed it as
an interest category that is their
official statement they added that the
keyword was hardly ever used by
advertisers which means that it was used
there were people out there searching
for treason inclined Russians and
serving them with presumably propaganda
encouraging them to commit treason
against Russia months it was found out
Facebook removed the category but the
pundits managed to twist even that this
isn't about 65 thousand Russians being
targeted with foreign propaganda
meddling in internal Russian politics
Lenin
see they say the real controversy is
that these people could be targeted by
Russian authorities
imagine if Facebook categorized certain
Americans as potential traitors for
advertisers that log Zuckerberg up I've
expressed how upset I am that the
Russians tried to use our tool to sow
distrust what they did is wrong and
we're not going to stand for it and
that's the meat of it when it's
Russians being targeted by propaganda to
sow distrust in Russia that's fine until
you get caught RT has sent a request to
a number of human rights and activist
groups asking for comment as to whether
such a practice constitutes meddling in
the country's internal affairs and we
also spoke to former mi5 intelligence
officer
Annie national and she told us our
facebook is a treasure trove for
intelligence services I've been saying
for at least a decade that Facebook is
effectively the spies fantasy because we
offer up all our personal information
for free and it's all sorts of
information that intelligence officers
like I was in the 1990s would have a
team working on to build up over weeks
or days so Facebook in itself I see it
as not a force for good then we have the
fact that it's it is signed up to the
prism program which is one of the very
first disclosures made by the NSA
whistleblower Edward Snowden and we know
that Facebook does cooperate with the
state intelligence agencies in the West
and it cooperates with the corporate
corporate world in the West as well to
monetize and utilize the information
that we offer up to it they are now
claiming that these 65,000 accounts have
an interest in something called treason
and it strikes me that this might well
be another form of political meddling be
it you know it's it's it's not the
intelligence agencies necessarily it's
not the corporates necessarily but it
could just be a way of stirring up
suspicion and discontent within Russia
you
