issue of California comport and please
anyone else join us I acknowledge as
well be sure that everyone who is here
is acknowledged there are other members
who are tied up in their other
committees now who send their regards
their thoughts their concerns their
suggestions on how we go forward they
will all provide insight into the deep
damage that the president has caused to
our democracy and to all Western
democracies under the threat from Putin
it's really sad it's almost
heartbreaking to acknowledge this in
1975 America and the Western world
United to counter the Soviet threat by
forming the Helsinki Commission and when
that was really the work of President
Ford who was part of the negotiation and
also signing the Accord it's strange and
disturbing and again throughout the
values that were the basis of the health
thinking commission when he was cowering
before President Putin yesterday instead
of standing up for our democracy and
democratic principles
president Trump coward in the presence
of Putin and the entire world watched
and saw that from eagerness to sellout
America proves the Russians must have
something personally politically or
financially on President Trump as DNI
Dan Coates has said the intelligence
community has stated the Russians are
once again waging a campaign to
interfere in our elections but Trump the
president Trump continues to take the
word of Russians enthusiastically
embracing their excuses and gives an the
president gave a green light to continue
to attack our democracy to the Russians
yesterday the president sided with the
enemy the enemy who made an assault on
our democracy disturbingly it appears
that the House Republicans have chosen
to side with the enemy to all year the
Republicans in Congress have wasted our
time with weak words and sham hearings
and today there
to eliminate funding for states to
protect their electoral systems mr.
pokey will speak to that momentarily and
thank you for your leadership Democrats
are moving to force a vote to restore
that funding to helping States enhance
their election equipment counter at
cyberattacks and defend against future
intrusions on the financial services and
that will happen on the Financial
Services bill we also want to protect we
also want to protect the muck the
integrity of the Moller investigation
and our colleagues will speak to that as
well we are Lian the leadership of
congressman Eric SWA well proposed an
independent commission to review what
happened in the last election and to and
finding out to ensure that it would not
happen again Republicans and Congress
have resisted that call as well perhaps
now with the damaging disgraceful so sad
performance of the president yesterday
the Republicans will see the light and
respond to some of the initiatives that
Democrats have been putting forth for a
while now honoring respecting respecting
the confidence of the Intelligence
Committee and their assessment that the
Russians and were involved in the
disruption of our election will see and
the integrity of our democracy is at
stake we must protect it an assault on
our democracy is an assault on our
country we have no time to waste to
protect our country and with that was
great pride I'm pleased to yield to a
ranking member on the Intelligence
Committee
a person who has stood tall and strong
and showed us a path on how we can work
together in a bipartisan way to do just
that protect our country
congressman ranking member Adam Schiff
madam leader I thank you as many of you
know leader Pelosi served as the ranking
member on the Intelligence Committee and
as an ex officio member has a longer
tenure on this committee than any other
member of the House we are gathered the
current and former members of the
Intelligence Committee to
express our strong support for the men
and women of the intelligence community
who were denigrated by the president's
performance yesterday whose work
difficult work often life-risking work
was undermined by the chief executive of
the country who disregarded their
conclusions who essentially sided with
the perpetrator of the election
interference rather than siding with his
own Justice Department and intelligence
community we have worked closely with
the men and women of the IC cumulative
ly for decades and decades we have the
greatest respect for the work that they
do and to see that their work product
would be so cavalierly discarded was
something that shocked us all but what
the President did yesterday and Helsinki
went beyond disrespecting the men and
women of the intelligence community
it was a wholesale betrayal of the
values and interests of this country
Ronald Reagan once said that he didn't
leave the Democratic Party the
Democratic Party left him had there been
any doubt it was removed yesterday the
Republican Party has left Ronald Reagan
there is nothing left of his legacy in
the GOP as represented by this president
this president said yesterday that as
between the word of his own intelligence
director and the word of Vladimir Putin
who strongly asserted that he was not
responsible for the election hacking he
didn't know who to believe except that
he can't imagine why the Russians would
have done what they did I do not for one
believe that the president could
possibly be so naive as to that take the
word of this former KGB operative I
believe the president somehow feels this
is in his personal self-interest
his only ideology is self but whatever
the motivation is the result is clear
and unequivocal and that was a
denigration of our country its justice
system its intelligence community its
values its alliances he is Ari
aligning our country not with fellow
democracies but with fellow autocrats
and as men and women who have served
with our intelligence community to help
strengthen democracies and democratic
institutions around the world and to
fight authoritarian regimes who would
undermine the freedoms of people around
the world that was a unprecedented
betrayal and so I'm proud to join with
my colleagues in condemning what we saw
and voicing our strong support for the
men and women of the IC and the
unparalleled work product that they
produce I thank you madam my great
pleasure to introduce my predecessors at
Ruppersberger a wonderful former ranking
member and probably someone who
represents more of the IC than just
about anyone else
Thank You leader Pelosi for bringing us
together
the first thing okay
I want to reiterate to all of my
colleagues that we stand behind the
intelligence community intelligence has
been said one of the best defenses
against terrorism nuclear weapons all
the issues that we deal with
I represent NSA so I spend a lot of time
dealing with cyber security and when
President Trump first was elected I sent
him a letter and I said to him but as
president United States you need to make
sure you know the threat of cyber
attacks when the most serious threats we
have other than maybe nuclear weapons
and I never got a call back It was as if
he didn't care now you know I want to
talk about the Putin suggestion with
with our president about the task force
and this task force coming together with
our country is clearly an attempt to be
for Russia to be recognized as an equal
peer in cyberspace of which they are not
the u.s. has nothing to gain by solely
by jointly investigating anything with
Russia officials in cyberspace unless
the president bluntly shows that
evidence that special counsel Muller put
into play in English for him on Friday
must must be addressed with puh
the indictment by the Department of
Justice clearly lays out Russian efforts
to influence the democratic process in
this country and is clear that our
president's performance yesterday when
he was in Putin's palm that he was
unable he is unable to confront Russia
on anything now the task force is not
necessarily for the purposes of
investigating what happened in 2016 we
know what happened in 2016 a task force
would only bolster the green light our
president has given by Putin by giving
them greater insight into our
investigation as mindset and playbooks
if they want to collaborate and show
that they will properly act with us
going forward so called cyber norms I
think it's a conversation our State
Department is already having and one
which started in previous
administrations and the Trump's should
support that effort instead of
denouncing it this really is about our
democracy and the rule of law in the
United States of America and when you
attacked our democracy we must call you
out for that on the national stage and
I'd like to introduce Terry Seoul who we
serve together in the Intelligence
Committee said Terry thank you all for
joining us today I'm honored to stand
here with current and former members of
the Intelligence Committee as the proud
representative of Selma Alabama I have
to tell you there is nothing more
heartbreaking to me than a president who
refuses to stand up for our democracy in
the face of overwhelming evidence that
our elections were under attack two
years after we first learned of Russia's
hack of the DNC we now know more about
the full breadth of Russia's attack we
know that Russia targeted our election
infrastructure itself and hacked
computer networks containing voter
information we know that Russia's actors
posted more than 3,000 advertisements on
Facebook in an attempt to influence our
elections they were so bold as to
sponsor pages that were named black
activists and paid for it in no less
than rubles
their sole purpose was to sew swords of
discord souls of discord throughout our
nation we have to guess that they did so
because they knew that having a covert
influence campaign would have an effect
on our election we know that Russia
specifically targeted minority voters in
an attempt to sow discord in the
American public and encourage minority
voters to stay at home yes
Russia's attack was no less than voter
suppression the evidence supporting
these facts is overwhelming
for starters Russia actors paid for
their ads on social media in rubles and
often blatantly stated where their
location would be in Russia second
guessing the intelligence agencies
reports that Russia is responsible for
interfering in our elections by this
president is no less than ignorant and
woefully disrespectful of the fact that
these men and women of the intelligence
agencies put their life on the line day
in and day out to protect our democracy
and for the leader of our nation to go
against their word to throw them under
the bus if you will was unconscionable
in this in this case the TAT comes at
the expense of our democracy and when
Trump undermines our intelligence
agencies when he undermines our courts
and our Free Press
he is playing into the hands of a
dictator he is failing our democracy and
the generations of Americans who fought
bled and many who died in my state of
Alabama for the right to vote in free
and fair elections now is not the time
for Republicans to issue half-hearted
statements reacting to president Trump's
friendship with Putin now is the time
for Congress and the Republicans that
led it that lead it to act that means
protecting our democracy by passing
legislation to secure that molars
investigation against an attack by
President Trump can continue that means
passing legislations to secure our
election infrastructure against another
cyberattack but
we know from our 17 agencies that Russia
will do it again more than a year out
from the 28 2016 elections it is
inexcusable that this Congress has done
nothing more to make our elections more
secure against another interference as
we approach the 2018 midterm elections
there is no urgent need than to act and
I am proud to stand with current and
former members of the Intelligence
Committee to do just that
to stand up for our intelligence
community and to stand up for our
democracy
this is unacceptable and we should act
now I'd like to bring to the podium a
former member of the Intelligence
Committee from the great state of
California representative Thompson I
served on the Intelligence Committee for
eight years and with many of the people
who I'm honored to join on the stage
today and I know for firsthand
experience that the men and the women
who serve in the intelligence community
are some of the finest and the most
devoted Americans on the face of this
planet
they're professionals and they put their
lives on the line for our country and
our freedom and for every American
everyday and the president in his
actions and remarks completely
disregarded them and completely
disregarded their work on behalf of our
great nation it's because of the men and
the women of the intelligence community
that we have evidence not only of
Russia's interference in our election
but also the illegal annexation of
Camellia Crimea and the invasion of the
Ukraine Russian arms transfers to Syria
and Russia's illegal trade with North
Korea Putin is not our friend we can't
trust him and we must not allow the
sanctions against Putin to slip in any
way shape or form the president missed
the opportunity yesterday to stand up to
Putin and to stand up for America and
for our values his behavior yesterday
was reprehensible reprehensible we need
to make sure that we
stand up strong against Putin keep these
sanctions in place and keep close watch
on our American values and our American
future and now I'm proud to introduce
and ask to come to the podium
representative Mike Quigley from the
great state of Illinois good afternoon
the Russians attacked our democratic
process and they will be back the real
truth is they never left we have to ask
ourselves if we are prepared and the
short answer is we are not 40 states
have election equipment that's over a
decade old ill fit to handle modern anti
hacking software 13 states use equipment
that doesn't even have a paper trail to
it so when you electrically scan your
vote there is no way to Aude it after
the fact
just exactly what if anything was done
to that equipment we are extraordinarily
vulnerable secretary Johnson and
testifying before our committee
mentioned the fact that most entities
don't know that they've been hacked most
entities have to be told by someone else
that they've been hacked and usually
it's a year and a half to two years
before they know that it's taken place
we are that vulnerable 9,000 entities
operate Federal Elections folks and they
range from municipalities the size of
Mayberry all the way to large counties
border and state boards of election
dozens of them were hacked
prior to the last election including my
own state of Illinois in August of 2016
an attempt to address this the last time
we had an election catastrophe this
government spent 3.5 billion dollars
after Bush Gore why because we treasure
the democratic process and no matter who
wins we want to know that it was a fair
game we're not in that position anymore
in 18 and 2018 we spent three hundred
and eighty million dollars out of the
Appropriations Committee my subcommittee
Financial Services the decimal point was
in the wrong spot but every state
applied for that money most states
maxed-out because it simply isn't enough
money to handle the technology they need
the training they need and the equipment
they need so this year we attempted to
put another three hundred eighty million
dollars into that same pot it was zeroed
out by my Republican colleagues on a
partisan vote this week the Republicans
will get an opportunity to show which
side they are on after the extraordinary
performance by the president in Helsinki
I'm asked the most most common question
is what do you want the Republicans to
do I said this in addition to supporting
and defending the Moller investigation
they can do something this week they can
vote for a very simple amendment that
restores that 380 million dollars
because they're all distancing
themselves from the president but a
tweet is one thing actions are another
this week in that committee we will have
a vote and whether or not the
Republicans want to support the critical
funding we need to defend our election
infrastructure let's find out which side
they're on I'm pleased now to bring on a
colleague of mine who has served
extraordinarily well on this
investigation
representative Castro from Texas Thank
You congressman like millions of
Americans I was stunned yesterday to
watch what was essentially a treacherous
act by the president United States first
he should never have gone to Helsinki to
meet with radomir Putin most especially
after the latest round of indictments of
12 Russian intelligence officers who our
intelligence community believes and
knows tried as hard as they could to
interfere with our democracy in 2016 but
once the president made the decision to
go and meet with radomir Putin the first
thing he should have demanded was that
those 12 individuals as well as the
folks who had been indicted before from
Russia should have been made available
for extradition to the United States
rather than trying to come up with a
plan for Syria or anything else that
should have been a
for the President of the United States
you know along with Adam and Mike and
others Eric on the on the Intelligence
Committee right now we spent hours and
hours and hours listening to testimony
from a variety of witnesses and during
all of that testimony not once
in during this investigation not once
did the Republican leadership use the
subpoena power to subpoena travel
records or bank records or do anything
that would verify the information that
was being told to us this Congress also
has not done anything as congressman
Quigley said to make sure that our
election systems are secure many
Americans are surprised to realize that
there isn't a single federal law and not
a state law that I can find that
requires any level even a basic level of
election security protection for our
voting systems there are no standards in
place that say what an election
administrator in a certain County has to
do to protect our election systems
that's astounding in 2018 the fact that
Russia did interfere in our 2016
election and that the president by his
presence there at that summit by his
praise for Vladimir Putin by his
unwillingness to ask for the extradition
of the twelve Russians who interfered
with our election he has given Latimer
Putin Russia and others who would do the
United States harm the green light to
interfere again in 2018 2020 and beyond
and we have to make sure that we do
everything that we can domestically to
secure our elections but also with our
allies to form a kind of cyber NATO a
mutual defense pact when it comes to
cyberspace NATO of course deals with a
defense pact when you have a sign of
physical intrusion of an allied country
the nations then join together in
defense no such thing exists at all in
cyberspace it's clear that The Times
demand that we make that happen thank
you
now I'll introduce congressman Hinds
from Connecticut Thank You Joaquin and
I'm delighted to join my intelligence
committee colleagues here to reflect on
the disgraceful performance of the
president in Europe and of course in
Helsinki in particular we don't do this
with any mirth or joy or with any
partisan intent we do this because
traditionally politics have stopped at
the water's edge but traditionally the
president United States has been an
advocate and a supporter of US interests
abroad and so it is terribly important
today that all of us stand up to the men
and women of the intelligence community
who were disrespected off of our shores
by the president United States it is
important that our adversaries hear that
the opinions of the president with
respect to the attack on our election
are not the opinions of the United
States government they are the opinions
of one man in the United States
government to the Russians I would say
we know exactly what you did how you did
it and we will work very hard to make
sure that you do not do it again now
we're at a point in time where
Republicans some of them are standing up
to the president and saying this is not
acceptable this is not American an awful
lot of other Republicans are saying but
what can I do and you've heard some
answers here today around cybersecurity
election protection at the very top of
the list of what can I do is to protect
the investigation which has produced so
much information both about people
associated with the President nighted
States as well as information about the
full depth of the attack on our election
there is a bill that has come out of
Senate Judiciary backed by Republicans
and Democrats that awaits action on the
floor action that has been denied by
Majority Leader McConnell that should
pass the Senate and pass the House this
week protecting Muller is essential for
a bunch of reasons number one the
critics of the Moller investigation have
been wrong at every turn whether it was
those who like Chairman Nunez vouched
for the honesty of Mike Flynn an
individual who subsequently pled guilty
to lying to the FBI two in the house
a report and absurd report that came out
of the Intelligence Committee denying
what the intelligence community and the
Senate Intelligence Committee committee
and concluded which is that Russia
undertook this attack for the express
purpose of installing Donald Trump as
president they have been wrong they
should defer now to the fact that it is
others who will tell us what happened
number two
the president seems to have a profound
interest in this investigation and he
should understand that there is one
thing and one thing only that will clear
him if he is innocent of collusion as he
maintains and that is finishing this
investigation if he is in fact blameless
and innocent this investigation and only
this investigation will tell that story
most importantly of course is as
recently as yesterday we saw the
indictment of Marie abou Tina something
that many of us up here on this podium
did not see coming day in and day out
the investigation produces more detail
about the mechanics of the attack on the
core of our democracy and if this
investigation does nothing else painting
a picture of the details of those
mechanics so that the American people
can understand how they were manipulated
so that all of us can understand what
the appropriate response must be is
essential to the integrity of this
country and to the thing that makes this
country exceptional which is that power
lies with the governed and it is
expressed through elections the first
thing my Republican colleagues should do
today is to protect that all essential
investigation that is how we protect our
democracy with that I understand we turn
to question and answers to be moderated
by leader Pelosi thank you very much I
take great pride in the membership of
our Intelligence Committee past and
present as a ranking member Schiff
mentioned I served on that committee
myself and I was ranking member at one
point so I knew the challenges that
members face there that's why when I had
the privilege of making appointments as
leader and a speaker now as leader again
I want nothing but the best for the
committee and as you've heard we have a
great leadership on the committee I
think
the United States was equally to blame
with Russia for the state of the
relationship between the countries he
trashed American intelligence took the
word of the KGB over the word the men
and women who worked so hard at the CIA
the president's behavior is left
everyone in the United States scratching
their heads his behavior was so bizarre
so weak so deleterious to American
interests in our national security that
millions of Americans are left wondering
if Putin indeed has something over the
president that is the most logical
explanation of the president's behavior
so now the question looms what will the
Senate do in response Republicans seem
to be shrugging their shoulders some of
them claiming they've done all they can
statements are not enough we need action
and we cannot act unless our Republicans
join us in bipartisan action so here are
a few things that the Senate can do
immediately in response to the
president's disastrous summit first we
can ratchet up sanctions on Russia not
water them down the sanctions were
passed 98 to 2 here in the Senate they
haven't even been fully implemented and
we want to make sure that they are not
weakened in any way at all as some on
the House Republican side may be
attempting to do second and probably
most importantly our Republican
colleagues need to immediately join us
in demanding open and public testimony
from the president's national security
team that was in Helsinki and any others
who might be privy to what happened
we're worried about what the president
said publicly were even more worried
about what happened in those
two hours when the president was alone
with mr. poop does anyone believe that
he was tougher on Putin in secret than
he was publicly why did he meet why did
he not want anyone else in the room if
he was so sure and confident that what
he did would stand the light of public
scrutiny so we need these people to come
we need secretary Pompeo there's some
talk he may but there's been no
commitment that we have seen and we want
DNI coats ambassador Huntsman and many
others to come before us this is too
important not to get the full story out
before the Senate and the American
people next
where are the notes from that meeting
the contemporaneous notes what did the
president agree to with secretary Pompeo
briefed afterwards did he write anything
down were any other members of the
president's team the contemporary
contemporaneous notes that were taken
particularly in regard to the two-hour
closed meeting should be turned over to
Congress immediately I'm calling on
leader McConnell and his leadership team
to immediately request a hearing with
the people I mentioned Pompeo Coates
Huntsman and the rest of the national
security team and I'm calling on leader
McConnell to join us in demanding the
contemporaneous notes that were taken
next our Republican friends must end the
attacks on the Department of Justice
want to pass legislation yes most
important legislation we can pass given
the president's attitude is the
bipartisan bill to protect the special
counsel that senators Coons Booker
Tillis
and gram author along with senators
White House and Blumenthal and that
passed the Judiciary Committee put it on
the floor immediately immediately if you
mean what you say
leader McConnell if you're gonna walk
the walk not just talk to talk forth the
president must release his tax returns
and insist on the extradition of the
twelve Russians inside it indicted for
election interference we need given all
of the innuendo this president should
have released his tax returns before he
was elected but what happened yesterday
makes that release imperative he should
do it a Republican colleague should join
us
in asking him to do it and finally we
was moved to protect our election
security to its credit the Senate and
bipartisan fashion led by some of the
people around me and many others passed
three hundred and eighty million dollars
in the last omnibus for election
security but more is needed and more
protection is needed more substantive
legislation there are there is
legislation by senator Klobuchar there's
legislation by Senator van Holland
there's legislation by Senator Harris
and others that is necessary hardly
sufficient but it is necessary to do we
hope our Republican colleagues won't
just go tsk tsk tsk but will actually
act to protect the security of America
and join us in doing it in a bipartisan
way senator Menendez
well Thank You mr. leader as someone who
has served 26 years on the House and
Senate Foreign Relations Committee from
a foreign policy point of view I believe
yesterday was a day of infamy for the
United States the world saw a supplicant
American president capitulating fawning
and ultimately aligning with Putin an
authoritarian leader who orchestrated an
attack on our democracy and continues to
do so as we speak the president turned
his back on our own intelligence
community which unanimously agrees that
the Russian government carried out
attacks intending to disrupt and
interfere with our elections and
continues to do so they disregarded his
own government disregarded the advice
and expertise of foreign policy
professionals military leaders and
diplomats who have served this country
for decades
from my perspective he violated his oath
of office to protect and defend the
Constitution of the United States and
his comments below any justifiable
explanation for someone who seeks to
uphold American ideals advanced American
interests and protect America's security
to suggest that it was a great offer
from President Putin to send Russian
intelligence officers to cooperate in an
investigation when they all the
perpetrators of the crime is beyond
belief and so I have to ask my
Republican colleagues is the price of
siding with Putin and against our own
democracy worth a domestic agenda of tax
cut in a Supreme Court nominee or are
you going to exhibit the patriotism
that's called for at this time we as a
nation must know exactly what the
president discussed and what he may have
promised to President Putin the American
people have a right to know and
President Putin and his government are
wasting no time capitalizing on
yesterday's meeting and using it to
advance their national inch
we cannot afford to be blindsided or
outmaneuvered today the Russian Ministry
of Defense publicly stated that it was
preparing to stop him start implementing
an agreement that the president
apparently struck in Helsinki with
President Putin and agreement that
neither the Congress nor the American
people have been informed about so on
the Senate Foreign Relations Committee
we want to know these answers to these
questions what specific topics did you
discuss what were the suggestions that
President Putin made to you did you
discuss any changes to international
security agreements and if so what are
they did you advocate for the
extradition of the 12 Russian
intelligence officers indicted last
Friday did you make any commitments
about the u.s. role regarding Syria the
depressed Russia to return to compliance
with the INF treaty and halt its nuclear
threats against Europe did you discuss
US sanctions on Russia including caps of
sanctions and if so what did you agree
to did you call up on President Putin to
withdraw from Crimea in eastern Ukraine
so those are returned to the southern
sovereign government of Ukraine did you
discuss NATO military exercises
scheduled for this fall and did you
agree to rollback or change the nature
of those exercises did you discuss US
security assistance to the Ukraine and
make any concessions regarding their
continuation what if anything did you
commit you I I just simply say the
Secretary of State has to come before
the committee in open session in open
session and talk about what has
transpired here and we need to have the
administration fully implement the
mandatory sanctions you know the
Congress spoke in 98 to two for
mandatory sanctions against Russia
without waivers of an administration
it's both then of the concern that
Congress had that this president might
not implement sanctions if he was given
waiver authority we did not first time
in all the sanctions I've ever helped
write that there was mandatory sanctions
without waivers we need to see those
implement and we need to show the
American people what it means to be a
it over parties especially at a time and
that our essence of our democracy is
under attack by a foreign government and
that
