so we're having an international kick
about here I got very lucky that we got
fan football fans from all over the
world
we're gonna eat them in where do you
wanna do
where's the best place to go is the
question let's take a look one
photographer is offering people the
opportunity to take in the stunning
views here on the rooftops you can see
the city's bustling with the markets and
everything yeah you could it's amazing I
mean if you look around you have so many
classic buildings all over the place and
it's a really beautiful city of course
they are
and after the excitement of all the
football you can unwind relax the jungle
boat ride in the Venice of the north
whoa
Lord Narcisse lobby through la salut
shining graph Yahtzee is for you zhamuhe
yes an awesome are you
you
