I've decided to familiarize fans of
other national teams with Russia's
traditional head where the cosmic oh
like a natural you look like a natural
st. Petersburg it's arguably one of the
most beautiful and picturesque cities in
all of Russia
it's called the hundred yards bar and
that's because it's long and it needs to
be
to defy the kings of people waiting to
go in here to the bunker of Stalin and
you are so this is what Leo Messi will
be seeing out of his hotel room it's the
hotel's issued right here so there's a
mural on the wall but if you think that
ends here follow me so we go around the
corner literally around the corner and
there's another mural that is Messi's
archrival Cristiano Ronaldo and not only
that but look I scored four goals can
you beat that Leo that's some way to
inspire motivation with Argentina's
biggest eyes in it I am never one to let
an opportunity for a stereotype to go to
waste so while we're here initially
Novgorod for this last 16 rounds I'm
here on the Volga to meet up with some
Vikings well I know what you're thinking
guys Andy why are you at the beach and
not at the game
so Rostov finally huffing on the train
for what 16 hours let them get much
treat finished today this place feels
more like the Copacabana beach in Rio
perhaps let me show you why this is a
good one
we have got here in Volgograd it's a
cocktail called another shock how is
that
how fish dot is called the antidote
you
you
