welcome to Artie's coverage of the 2018
FIFA World Cup I know you're watching at
home because it's the World Cups what
else would you be doing right now the
atmosphere in the city amazing it's a
wonderful scene I'm not the biggest
football expert but I've been dying to
get on their troops the best to do win
in every television about to start in
just under 40 minutes from now speakers
really decide we're going to watch that
welcome to wet st. Petersburg we've been
very unlucky the last few days that you
need to go to Moscow whoo
we are embracing the very English
weather up here on the rooftop studio
it's all been specially lined up my
daily routine organized the weather
personally
Tellis so you know this no you don't get
nervous when you watch for ago you were
nervous but very proud father this
evening I can imagine how was it as a
Portugal family it was law has been
passed in England if you are an English
person when talking about the World Cup
you have to say it's coming home yeah
let's hope England don't get stuff by
Croatia sorry about that I hope you've
got another looki patriotic red shoe or
you're gonna have to put that on a very
fast wash tonight by the way
Casper was absolutely amazing at this
tournament he's normal I'm sorry Peter
but he was even better than you but you
know he played first game against who
well you know I don't really get Mexico
thank you thank you very much we could
have this all night amazing
like in Thailand I think this voice from
my Sunday since there were babies they
were eating a lot of meat on breakfast
immediately they'd be goalkeepers we're
in safe hands
thank you up a quick question for PETA
as a goalkeeper sorry nail I know as a
midfield dynamo as you fancy yourself
but a quick question for peace that's my
good that is unfortunately the situation
in the World Cup you can have many teams
that you support mechanically and beyond
only one and there's only one guy with a
horn but he's really making the most of
it
the relative a little bit what do you
want to toss it over yes yeah well I did
you
