I'm delighted to be joined by Alexis
Arakan who's the 2018 Russia's CEO he's
basically the judge but who's put all of
this on so Alexei people are saying it's
the best World Cup ever how do you feel
about it well it's the first that I I've
been part of as an organizer so it's
it's hard to compare but it we're happy
to have a lot of positive feedback a lot
of positive reaction and the social
media and Facebook Instagram all kinds
of accounts that were even the we're
happy that Russia became home for many
fans and players so how it's all panned
out we're now just one match away and
then it is all over how has it lived up
to your expectations well everything
that we planned has been implemented
successfully implemented all the little
and big things that we had in mind
worked very well and ID free transport
free shuttles you name it so we did not
were quite quite astounded at the
popularity of our fan fests our site
that the Red Square has been enormously
popular so have we known that we may
have done some some bigger bigger sites
but but in general it's overwhelming
success so looking ahead then russia
2018 do you think after what you've just
said it's possible that Russia could
host another big tournament well would
be happy to we I think we just proved
that we not only we can play football
but we can organize football so maybe
one day yeah we can we can bid for
something else so we'll be happy to but
2020 we're hosting euro in st.
Petersburg it's also very important
winter olympics we've hosted so so one
day maybe yes I can get four Russian I
think that was helped by how well the
national team played wasn't it yeah
national team I think surprised
everybody surprised not only with the
quality of their performance but by the
motivation the level of determination
that they showed on the pitch was a very
surprising yeah oh say let's look back
to what it was like five years ago I
remember interviewing you just it had
been announced Russia had won the rights
we're looking forward we're looking at
all the infrastructure absolutely
everything and at that particular point
you were you were saying that Russia
wasn't so open it's time to sort of open
up do you think the world has a
completely different view of Russia in
there I think this World Cup has changed
perception about Russia in every respect
I mean first of all we fulfilled every
promise that we made to the world
football community second we we can
boast were proud of absolutely wonderful
atmosphere everybody who wanted to come
to Russia
had an opportunity to come here and they
saw absolutely new Russia hospitable
smiling open and it's a it's a game
changer
and how do you think look at you're
talking amongst Russian people as well
how do they feel the World Cups come I
think everybody's happy with the figures
that we've seen the polls finian polls
are just extraordinary and everybody
supports the World Cup there is no
nobody angry with it nobody nobody does
granted so it's it's been wonderful I
think Russian people enjoy it as much as
our guests absolutely and and so going
forward as well is it a case of this
will have an impact on how do you say
international relations at a high level
but on a lower level do you think it's
helped people understand each other
across the world better baby absolutely
yes there is a lot of a lot of contacts
I mean to understand the country need to
personally be there not to read about it
plus it will certainly cause an influx
of tourism we expect our tourism
industry to grow indefinitely over the
coming months because most the people
who have been here said that they would
like to come back and that's the
probably the best result of our work
absolutely I mean we talked before you
said about tangible benefits and
material benefits I mean so base of
those going forward it looks positive
for uh shovin yeah it's not only the the
tangible legacy which is not only
stadiums and small stadiums but airports
railroads stations hospitals hotels but
it's also the people the atmosphere the
the the mood in society around football
about sports in general and also a lot
of experts in football that this World
Cup will will produce and you said you
mentioned there as well about the
stadiums as well we've got first-class
stadiums and everybody found the world
has been able to enjoy those do you
think that will create a lasting legacy
will it boost Russian football
absolutely in our new way a new venue
always results in 50% increase in
attendance and I just hope it won't be
an exception maybe even beat that
statistics a little we see how
pleasurable is for Russian fans to come
to new stadiums to enjoy new
infrastructure now the it's up to the
club's to to use it properly to use it
prudently and to commercialize whatever
has been built by the country and that
can only benefit the national team can
absolutely clubs that provide with
players to the national team yeah if you
just looking good for Russia then so
let's look at some of the football aside
from the born I the national team what
other teams have surprised you at the
World Cup well there has been quite some
surprises I mean
we've all regret that Germany went a
little soon home I mean Spain was a
surprise many people expected it to last
longer I mean it's our we're happy that
it's our team that send them home but
still and actually Croatia is a bit of a
surprise because they still absolutely
the first time that their countries has
made it so far in the tournament so
we'll see how well they're performing
today so of the matches that you've seen
it there any that stand out in your
memory well certainly it's the it's all
Russia team matches and then it's one of
the best matches I've seen is Spain
Portugal maybe it was one of the first
that gave a lot of impressions but was
on the second day of the tournament but
it was a great match so if you if I'd
said to you five years ago when we were
at the HQ for russia 2018 and we sat and
talked about all the negative things
that people were talking about we said
how russia was going to tackle that in
terms of they said about it was sort of
two gay propaganda and there was also
issues or alleged races and so forth in
terms of the social issues do you think
the russia's address those thats got rid
of dismissed some of those issues think
it's great that's during the competition
nobody wants to talk about bad things
that's what we witnessed over the past
month nobody's talking about anything
negative that means that this World Cup
has been very good very successful for
everybody I mean all these things are
fast nobody intends to talk about them
right now there hasn't been a single
security incident there hasn't been a
single racism incident during the World
Cup - exactly we promised so I said five
years ago if you look back then looking
forward now and you've seen how it's all
panned out
are you happy see you yes I'm happy so
it's a dream come true it's a little sad
that it's all over now it's eight years
of work for me and my colleagues but
something else is coming I'm just
finding one question than the lecture
before we go it is the final now it is
France against Croatia could you have
predicted that and what would you how do
you think it's going to play out
no we never predict we were the
organizers we we predict that every team
is an equal position and that the
strongest wins that's the best
prediction that we can have it's very
diplomatic and in the end it's always
true Alexis are rocking thank you very
much indeed
you
