I'm delighted to be joined by AC Milan
and Brazil can thank you very much
indeed for joining me today
so it's been an incredible tournament so
far that's just my opinion what's your
opinion of the tournament here in Russia
it's the same thank you very much for
having me here today and is my opinion
is the same as yours
I think it's a very good tournament very
competitive and we are ours to see a
great final between France and creation
and also France Croatia Croatia may be a
bit of a surprise there what are you
expecting from this match a big match
for sure France it's a big team solid
with big names in Croatia with this
organizing team with a lot of heart a
lot of they are very strong and so we
are we're gonna watch a very very good
game so you know predictions there's
right are no predictions I mean as you
said two very strong teams particularly
France do you think that France have
gained momentum they've got better as
they've gone along yes this is good for
this team for France because they are
getting better in every game so also the
players they are getting more involved
and a few players get more this is if
doing the work up so we can talk about
in repair we work during the World Cup
he now everybody's talking about him and
it's it's fair because what his
increases during the World Cup was
unbelievable absolutely and also we can
look at some of the other players France
has great would they say strength in
depth lots of strong players they could
have picked maybe two teams actually
France lots of good strong players they
have not conceded any goals in their
last few matches so their defense is the
key point here yeah it's very solid
defense I played with butter in Real
Madrid so I can nominate him as the
leader of the the defensive part of
France of course it's a system it's not
just one player so the way that they are
trying to defend it's very good and also
have to say about pogba is doing a very
good work up and he makes everything
easier for the defender as well
absolutely and talking of a midfielder
but you can obviously relate to their
Croatia obviously feigned very much for
its midfield Luka Modric and also even
para such as an England fan he did a lot
of damage England didn t yeah I think
this midfield from Croatia is one of the
key points for them and so they are very
strong very mature players look a
moderate is leading this team in a very
specific way and so rocketed very seats
they are doing good together
so the midfield it's it's the king
absolutely but Croatia they've played a
lot of extra time three lots of extra
time being English we know that's an
entire match more than France also
France had one day more s do you think
the English media said it Croatia would
be tired do you think they will be time
this is something that we can this some
details that we can pick two
to put pepper for the game right but I
don't think it's gonna be a problem for
the creation because they they've been
playing a great game three overtimes the
last one against England was different
from from for them and they scored in
the overtime different the other two
that they finished with the PKS
and so I think this one day and the
overtime is not be a problem for them to
keep their heart on the field and fight
to to the end for this incredible
journey absolutely which teams
throughout the World Cup have surprised
you which players have surprised you the
team I think it's Croatia I think before
the World Cup a lot of people said that
brush it could be the surprise and they
just beat the expectations and they are
here for the final and the players I
think I'm nominated in BAP a big knows
what he's doing so far 19 years old
sometimes during the game seems that
he's got a 35/36 very mature and
sometimes shows that he's just 19 so
it's very good to see and we are very
blessed to see a player like this in the
work of like this just 19 years old yes
you pad and would you then think that he
is a contender for the Golden Ball do
you think he is one of the best players
yeah I think his season with PSG was
normal but what she's doing for the
World Cup it's incredible and it's a
it's it's it's count a lot when you
think about Golden Ball and individual
awards the World Cup counts a lot so we
will see the end of the final and but if
France wins I think in but there will be
one of the finalists for the individuals
award so as we said it's France against
Croatia not Brazil as so many as so many
people exactly people were predicting
how do you think Brazil has played at
this tournament I think Brazil played
very very good of course for us
Brazilian when you know achieved the
final or we it's you fail but for me I
think Brazil did everything that they
could
so TT as a coach increases the change to
Brazil to win the players was committed
so I think Brazil did a good tournament
and in the against Belgium we watch it a
very very good game with the high level
of technique tactics was unbelievable I
think both oates did a very good
strategy and the end it's it's the game
but Iago Silva had a chance two minutes
before that company had their chances if
the ball the Tiago's balls going eat in
probably the result will be different
and today probably we'll talk about
Brazil but this is part of the game this
is why we love football because nobody
knows what's going to happen in a few
also one one person I must talk about
because he's a colorful character let's
say is his name our people have lots of
opinions about Naima how he is world's
most expensive footballer what's it
what's he like what's he really like
what did resilience think of name well I
love him because I think he's one of the
best players in the world one right now
of course he's just 26 a lot of pressure
a lot of things on his back but I think
as a 26 year old guy I think his is okay
he's good for what the responsibilities
that he's got by now and of course he's
gonna mature he he has a lot of things
to to grow and to increase and but for
us as a Brazilian we love him and he's
one of the best players that we we have
so as a Brazilian are you optimistic I
mean 2014 we don't really talk about
that but going forward are you
optimistic for Brazil yes I'm very
optimistic I don't know what's gonna
happen with TT our coach but I think and
it's good for Brazil that he is doing
the national team because till now he's
got a two years working for the national
team if they keep him as a coach
probably for the next one he will have
six years coaching this team and with
different players he can put the the
pieces together to be better on the next
World Cup and will be completely
different it can be an interesting World
Cup next time as well also being in
control can I just ask you you're here
in Moscow isn't your first time in
Moscow and what are your impressions no
it's my fourth time here I came here if
Roma do to play I came here to launch
this ball few months ago and I came also
for the commentary for China
this was the nicest one because I went
to places to visit to know this city and
to understand more about this future
that it's incredible
brilliant so let's say which you've been
to Moscow where else in Russia have you
been - I've been in some Petersburg as
well nice City amazing beautiful and
this is the took place that I've been
here
absolutely so in the mean time then can
we just ask you do you mind just signing
the ball and this is the ball that we've
asked all our guests to sign here so
excellent thank you very much indeed so
you'd be just written just a signature
no absolutely
so if I could really push you for some
predictions here how do you think today
is going to go well I would say French
yeah because the way that they played
the World Cup
it's so my predictions that France is
the favorite team to win tonight okay
and have you met many fans while you've
been out in there yeah it's a lot of
fans a lot of fans from everywhere so
it's nice to have this feeling as well
and I brought my my son ten years old
boy Luca so I think it's good for us to
have this this time together and show
him what is work up this is a team
asphere to see different countries
different futures everybody together so
this is why I love sports and football
most of them so it's it's good and how
is the Russian World Cup different to
the Brazilian World Cup I need to say
that congratulations to Russia and to
the Russians because it's like Brazil
there are there were a lot of doubts
about the work of the organization
they're gonna make it or not and at the
end I think it was really good very
organized everybody's happy because
everybody work it in the the way that
everybody was expected
so in Brazil was the same had a lot of
doubts about Brazil and at the end 2014
unfortunate for us position was not so
good but for the people from Brazil was
very good to host a World Cup I think is
the same for the diversion
absolutely the one thing I we were
anticipating when it was coming up to
the Russian World Cup it was so he had
Leo Messi Cristiano Ronaldo so that
didn't really happen did it quite simple
yeah I think we saw I think this workup
gave us a lot of lessons so how
competitive is the game right now how
the talent is just talent is not enough
anymore so a lot of these things showed
us how how important to to have this
group to a strong team but I still think
that Christiano didn't believable with
Portugal he scored a lot of goals Messi
tried so so bad to put Argentina on the
top and fortunately he couldn't but we
saw other players shining and I think
this is the World Cup
absolutely do you think that we will see
either Messi or Ronaldo in the next
World Cup I mean because of their age
maybe you do you think another one below
because however here is like wine No so
Ronaldo it will be 36 maybe and I wish
we can we can see him in the next World
Cup as well depends on his motivation
but he's very strong on his head
he keeps his mind on targets on beat
records and so probably and I wish this
is more of my desire to to see him
playing for for for to go another World
Cup and I think Messi it's probably we
will see he'll be 34 so I think Mexican
can arrive in a very good shape and
motivated for the another World Cup with
Argentina
so maybe just one more than just one
more possible yes I think
and finally going forward we've seen the
European teams do particularly well it
is in Europe that is often how it works
do you think that we it's a new era or
do you think South American teams will
come strong again or African teams or
Asian teams I think we have to take a
lot of lessons also from the European
teams maybe some tactics organizations
and something that we can bring for the
hotel about South America because I'm
closest to this these countries so I
think for us will be nice to have this
this kind of lessons we had a very good
lesson with Germany in 2014 now we saw a
different team and different
organizations so this is something that
we can put on the balancing and take the
good things from from this experience to
see the South American countries and
national teams doing better and arriving
to to lift it up the World Cup again and
finally just before we let you go when
you leave when you leave Moscow when you
leave Russia what will be your main
memory what will you take with you when
you go I think it will be the great
three days four days that is been here
with my my family to enjoy another great
World Cup so these are Timo's fear for
the the workup it's it's unbelievable so
this is something that it's memorable
as many as rememberable - lovely to meet
you thank you
you
