the Syrian army has regained control of
the city of Daraa a strategically
important position in this south of
Syria it's considered to be the area
that swelled the revolution against
President Bashar al-assad seven years
ago an uprising there sparked a
nationwide revolt that turned into civil
war but the Syrian flag has now been
raised in the region for the first time
since rebels took control in 2011 a
Russian mediated agreement was reached
with militants to give up the majority
of areas on the border with Jordan local
rebels must surrender their weapons or
face exile it's the latest in a number
of agreements brokered by Moscow which
has helped the Syrian government regain
Suede's of territory across the country
political sciences professor dr. Bassam
Abu Abdullah from Damascus University
believes the syrian flag being hoisted
in Daraa again is a signal that the war
is one step closer to being over we know
that who who is a already loose in Syria
is a foreign power some foreign powers
who wanted to divide Syria or wanted to
make Syria weaker and weaker everything
is clear now if we will see or notice
the what kind of wibbels we could say in
there are we could see openly a French
Whipple's American Whitman's and
American support their Israeli support
so it shows us that what happened in the
south or other parts or she is not
revolution and it's not some kind of
protest it's very important to free this
city we can see that the civil flag is
raising it's a big symbol for the end of
this war against see or start of ending
of this war against us
you
