in the liberal side of American media
Donald Trump was in hot water they had
him on video praising robert e lee the
pro-slavery confederate general during
the u.s Civil War they even had video
evidence for their claim of obvious
racism it also gave you a general who
was incredible he drank a little bit too
much you know I'm talking about that so
robert e lee was a great general but it
turns out that NBC misrepresented the
comment the general that trump called
incredible was actually ulysses s grant
the general of the Union Army now grant
was anything their racist in fact after
he became president he even sent troops
to fight the Ku Klux Klan years after
the Civil War was over NBC had to run a
retraction and show the full soundbite a
general who was incredible he drank a
little bit too much and his name was
Grant General Grant the anti-trump
faction smelled blood and went into
overdrive they ran all kinds of
headlines about Trump praising the
Confederate General even said he was a
big fan of General Lee they even quoted
distant descendants of Lee denouncing
the president yet again our president is
lying and showing us his true colors he
is showing us that he supports an idol
of white supremacy and of hatred robert
e lee fought for the continued
enslavement of black bodies but the
pro-trump crowd was watching a
completely different movie the news in
right field was the Trump was innocent
victimized by scheming liberals so folks
in the anti-trump camp got confirmation
that the Donald is a racist meanwhile
those in the pro Trump bubble got
confirmation that the liberal press is
out to slander him and that's just one
example of how Americans seem to live
almost in two different realities with
loyal audiences getting sucked in by
different narratives they lie in bed at
night trying to decide if the Trump
administration is more sinister or more
incompetent well let me relieve you of
your burden
would you go to sleep next time you can
say that it's both incompetent and
sinister I think it's fair for black
Americans to say you know what I could
consider the Trump agenda made in
America make America great again so
we're here in liberal New York City and
we're gonna see if average New Yorkers
have even heard some of the headlines
that are all the rage among
conservatives did you hear about the
controversy regarding the movie about
the moon-landing and Donald Trump I
didn't know no I did not one controversy
I haven't heard about no no I haven't
did you hear about Trump praising robert
e lee yeah everybody lee yes i think i
have yes i do you feel like americans
are divided and that like those who
listen to pro Trump media hear one side
of the story and those who hear anti
Trump stuff hear another side part of
your question I definitely feel like the
country is divided
I believe that Trump followers follow
incorrect maybe fake news but I don't
I'm not a Trump follower I believe the
media I do feel like it's divided we
have to be open to listening to
different countries different different
people's interests as long as there's a
divide between ethnicities and cultures
and no line of respect between each of
them there's always gonna be a divide
and there's always gonna be people
living in different universes to some
Donald Trump is a heroic champion making
America great again to others he's a
power-mad fascist inciting bigotry no
matter what you think of Donald Trump
it's pretty obvious that Americans are
more deeply polarized than ever before
and Waring media narratives are
deepening that division caleb Maupin RT
New York
Donald Trump has branded NBC's coverage
as dishonest claiming that the channel
deliberately made him look bad well we
discussed the situation with
investigative journalists and Maxim
Blumenthal who says Americans are being
left none the wiser by their news
coverage point worth making about Fox
and MSNBC is that their formula
is to cover a very narrow range of
topics so if you watch these networks
you probably aren't going to know much
about what's happening outside of
American horse race politics so no
matter which network you're watching you
are going to wind up less informed
unless you're completely concerned with
the different Palace intrigues going on
in Washington that's why a lot of
Americans are turning to alternative
media as well as foreign media and why
foreign media is under threat in the US
why this network for example has been
forced to register as a foreign agent
it's pretty apparent with the national
security state in the US doesn't want
Americans to be particularly well
informed about foreign policy and what's
happening on the ground in Yemen or in
Palestine or Latin America
you
