Secretary General of the Supreme
Committee for delivery and legacy for
the 2022 World Cup ahsan al hadees
thanks for taking the time because you
must be very busy watching everything
that's been delivered here in Russia so
it was eight years ago you found out you
were gonna get the chance to host the
World Cup for years to go are you ready
to deliver how far along that path are
you we're ready we're on the path based
on the planet we've set up what our
first stadium was ready last year two
stadiums will be ready by the end of
this year by 2021 all our stadiums will
be ready our infrastructure will be
ready as well the metro system will be
up and running by 2020 fully operational
by 2021 where we're excited we're very
excited and what we saw in Russia has
made us even more excited
how many venues is over we're planning
for eight stadiums we're waiting now for
the final number from FIFA between 8 or
9 we're confident that the operational
model we have is sufficient for an 8
stadiums what do you hope for 48 teams
or 32 teams because it's not been
decided yet I don't know it hasn't the
decision got moved over from FIFA 2 to
be a common decision between FIFA and
Qatar so now we're studying the
feasibility of expanding it to a 48 team
however all preparations as of today are
on 32 teams tell us a bit about the move
to what people are calling like a winter
World Cup now it's been extremely hot
even in Russia so we can understand it's
just it's just not feasible to play when
it's going to be like 50 degrees so
everyone understands why it's being
moved and what are the challenges that
that's going to bring around in terms of
interruption of leagues around around
the world and a few guys as the well I
think first it's important to point out
that when we barely bid for a summer
World Cup because we actually have
cooling technology in our stadiums our
first stating was called in 2004 of said
stadium since then we have moved on to
the third generation of cooling
technology which is about 40 percent
more efficient in terms of cooling sixty
percent more efficient energy
consumption and the one the stadium will
open yes last year it was in the summer
and the outside temperature is around 40
degrees the inside temperatures around
1920 degrees the cooling technology
actually works but again we recognize
that people might have thought that was
a risk of the football family decided to
move it to winter obviously not
everybody was on board in the beginning
but I think
bro amongst you know the league's all
that all the Confederations agreed to
the change and people are coming around
to the fact that it might actually offer
better quality football because you're
actually looking at players in the
middle of the season not at the end of
the season and say actually looking at
players representing country
representing their people representing
their flag at a time when they can
actually deliver at their height of
their of their peak performance so we're
hoping it's gonna be actually fantastic
World Cup that's that's to be seen so
well I think we've seen incredible
quality of football in these World Cups
and then we had for one of the teams
Croatia in the final where a lot of
people don't understand why they're in
the final how they could get there with
the challenges that they face so but but
there is of course there's another
challenge what we've we've seen here in
Russia is this incredible party that
people are having everywhere on every
square in every pedestrian speed every
everywhere now we know there are
different rules and different laws in
Qatar and how are you dealing with all
this well for us I mean it's important
to also point out that we've hosted
major events throughout our history
you know 2015 had the handball World Cup
that's just one example so we used to
actually host the major events and we're
used to welcoming people from different
walks of life in different parts of the
world into our country and simply put
everybody's welcome and everybody will
be having a good time yes there will be
maybe slight slight differences you know
in particularly let's address it you
know let's go let's address the white
elephant in the room alcohol alcohol
will be served it just won't be served
for example you know in public places
and streets and so on but there will be
designated areas you know open areas
where people will be able to have
alcohol you know be able to have a drink
and enjoy themselves as well so it's not
you know it's a different culture yes
but it's not a restrictive culture as
people might actually think it might be
so this terrible Asian to host the World
Cup comes with a lot of expectation but
also pressure and and very big
differences in terms of culture but
we've seen in Russia that can be an
opportunity as much as a kind of an
obligation how are you feeling about
this the pressure that's on you
we're embracing it you know from the day
we actually bid to host the World Cup
you that there's nothing like the World
Cup no platform like football in the
World Cup to change people's perceptions
to bring people together from different
walks of life in different cultures and
to actually break down stereotypes you
know and and we that was that was our
message from the very beginning bring
the World Cup to the Arab world let the
world see who we are in allowing to see
our hospitality a rich culture and
heritage and our sense of humor and our
passion for football Russia I think has
has hosted a fantastic tournament and if
there was ever a tournament that you can
see quintessentially transform people's
minds about you know from from human
interaction Russia did it and and you
know we believe in the power a
transformational power that Russia has
succeeded in doing Qatar is the next one
to come on why how much do you think
that that has helped you in in terms of
perception but that Russia did this
great job well it's it's a double-edged
sword
you know they've definitely put you know
it's big boots to fill no doubts about
that but we're very confident we're
gonna fill it it's helped us a lot
because again for all those naysayers
for all those doubters who you know who
written and written and spoken and
talked about the fact that Russia is
gonna be in are gonna be a success I
think today we can all see that the
reality is very very different to the
perception it is it has given us a
bigger boost as well and we will be
built we will be a more successful
tournament because we're building it on
the success of this World Cup I think
the rewards are huge
if the organizers pull it off in the
right way but it isn't easy and I'll
give you an example I saw some England
fans walking through the Metro drinking
pints of beer now you know they're
treating it like it's a bit of a holiday
for them you can't do that here but I
noticed the police turned a blind eye to
it so there's some flexibility needed at
times do you think you're going to be
able to do that know when to bend
without letting people go too far look
of course I mean in the end we are we
are a hospitable welcoming nation you
all with what you want to do is it's
always a balance between two things
between showcasing our culture and
accepting other people's cultures that
is the way we
we thrive as human beings that is the
way we believe football was you know is
designed it's designed for all of us
supporting different teams having
different passions going ahead and at
the same time being able to interact as
a unified group of people will
definitely they'll be flexibility in
different areas they'll be a
conversation between us and the fans and
I think that that's actually the biggest
boots to fill but this is exactly what
is happening in in Russia you know they
showcase the culture and they have
accepted the culture and that that for
me has been the best part of this World
Cup now let's change the football right
because you qualify for the World Cup
yes no as host nation how is that going
how's your team preparing and well we've
got a very good group of young players
unfortunately we were you know we
weren't able to qualify for this World
Cup but we've got a very young group of
people coming through the aspire Academy
which is one of our centers of
excellence for developing young football
players there's a significant amount of
investment as well going into a young
played younger generation players around
the age of between 16 and 17 we're
confident we're gonna have a good team
that will do us proud will they be as
successful as the Russian national team
that was here
well awful way to see but it's Qatar's
yeah because you mentioned the the the
World Cup handball World Cup in 2015
did you have any Qataris in that was a
while but I believe I believe it was one
but anyway made more than one but they
were here yes was it yet but yeah and
you finished runners-up in 1990 which
was a great result for you but then we
had the conversation earlier on and you
told me that you know it's very
important for you that it is Qatar
absolutely and not no I mean for us
again you know we follow FIFA's rules
right when we look at mashing that
naturalization and a lot of lot of
national teams throughout the world of
course naturalized players and that's
and that's that's within the rules and
regulations but having said that there's
a significant focus on young players
young grassroot players coming from you
know from from from from Qatar we have
some fantastic players you know some
fantastic talent some of them actually
played in La Liga on loan some of them
played in Belgium and
one of the clubs that open one of the
clubs that we actually affiliated with
so there's there's an expansion of young
talent coming out and I think they're
being influenced also by the presence of
some great players as well for example
Chhavi was influenced a lot of players
in a very positive way and I'll said and
so on so it's coming it's coming there
and I think I think in four years time
we'll find a team that will do us proud
and what do you expect the legacy in
terms of actual football plane will be
for after the worker what what I mean
you will it for a big a league or
building for more I think well I think
well let me actually flip it on this on
its head and then when we look at the
World Cup the legacy for us is much
bigger that you know footballs big
there's much bigger than football the
first World Cup in the Middle East has
an opportunity towards creating job
opportunities you know we've launched
initiatives for example one of our
initiatives has been Jessore Institute
which is a center of excellence to
develop people within the sporting
industry from all written from all
venues so you're talking about for
example sports law commercialization of
sponsorship venue management and we've
engaged with for example Georgetown
University in the u.s. Liverpool
University Leeds Beckett University as
well as Adidas Nike a number of other
international organizations to provide
workshops as well as on hand training
for art for the Arab population not just
Qataris with the Arab population and the
idea is to develop the sporting industry
and to lift it up to the level that's
available in Europe it's available in
the US where it's a contributor to the
economy we've developed also initiatives
on social front for example generation
amazing where we go to underprivileged
areas and we utilize football to develop
life skills leadership communication
social engagement civic engagement and
so on and it's been a great success as
well we had some fantastic success
stories we've launched initiatives to
support entrepreneurs and innovators so
that they become part of the supply
chain for the World Cup which will also
be utilized as a platform to launch them
into potentially regional markets or
even global markets I have some
fantastic entrepreneurs in the region
that are part of our
so as you can see our approach when it
comes to this world cup is wide-ranging
you know social change for example we're
talking about working welfare
improvements and so on there's a there's
a significant amount of reform that the
world cup has instigated and led to so
there's a lot of changes going on all
over the front on football we definitely
look towards better quality football
higher quality football we look
definitely for let's say a more
developed league the league is developed
and it's been ongoing for a number of
years but definitely hope that that will
take us to the next level
we're not listen to the music in the
background the listen to the people
applauding I mentioned that because
that's kind of an intangible that you
probably don't talk too much about when
you're bidding for a world cut the the
supports coming from the local fans is
such a big thing and I think it's worked
out really well for Russia there'll be a
lot of russia fans in the stadium in st.
petersburg for that third fourth place
play-off match today now how big an
interest is there from local people in
Qatar how much are they going to provide
towards this world a lot a lot really I
mean look there's an image that I don't
know if I can ever actually capture and
show it to the audience there's an image
of when we won the right to host the
World Cup in 2010 and in three of the
biggest public viewing areas actually
they were public views and there's a
park it was there was another area which
was like a cultural center and there was
a it was a marketplace and we're not no
one like a local marketplace but it's
actually quite quite big this the three
places got filled up filled up screens
were put in place all watching and
anticipation for the announcement where
the Qatar was gonna win it up and when
we won it was euphoric it was an
eruption of absolute joy it was it was
it was it was I mean for me I was just
remembering it right now you know I got
goose bumps and I get teary-eyed
because it was it was one of the most
emotional moments of my life we were
obviously in Zurich but when I saw the
video I saw the footage it was
absolutely electrifying that is exactly
the feeling that is exactly the the
atmosphere that we're gonna be creating
and people are creating and I just want
to follow on from that what's what's
also key then is the performance of the
host nation I was looking at some of the
recent results that actually I mean
pretty impressive me when people think
can tell maybe they don't think of a you
know a particularly strong football team
the results have been pretty good and I
know that the aspire Academy has been
around
quite a few years now how far along are
you on that level of development are
they gonna surprise people I think I
think we will surprise people I mean as
you said our results have been quite
quite impressive unfortunately again
when it comes to and I think for example
you know we were very close to
qualifying for a real in 2016 I think
you know to a certain extent was
potentially the lack of experience that
led us to lose matches you know final
matches in the last 15 minutes but up
until the last 15 minutes we were
dominating the field we were playing
fantastic football but I think it's you
know it's lack of experience that kind
of led us to that last 15-minute lapse
of judgement that's just one example of
where you know the level of football is
developing and getting to I think you
know seeing where it's been 10 years ago
where it is today no it's quite
impressive and it's quite an impressive
jump considering that were also a small
population you know we're not a big
population in 2022
that's no hindrance we see in these
World Cups they don't have to be four
hundred million people not to create
results you you can be 4 million 4.2
spiration
absolutely great you know we're a little
bit less than that are you looking
forward to the final I mean it's the end
of what's been a fantastic not slightly
sad but a great exciting nothing to
finish with absolutely and then we're
talking about France from Croatia
potentially a new winner we're looking
at Croatia a team that battled to the
last minute in three matches turned it
around every time you know a lot of a
lot of passion a lot of dedication
France playing fantastic football filled
with fantastic name fantastic stars I
think as a footballer for me you know as
a football fan you can this was the idea
I mean everybody initially might have
anticipated different teams and they
said this would have been the ideal the
ideal teams looking at how the games
have unfolded from the beginning to the
end and the stories behind it
I think this truly is you know the ideal
match and who you rooting for
that's that's where ever the most
Liverpool players are you remember so I
see I just assumed that they appear rude
and secretly rude
Croatia because they shine liver and
listen I'm gonna say you're clairvoyant
my friend you're clairvoyant no I mean
in the end it's the underdog you know
considering it's considered the underdog
potentially a new winner potentially
writing history you always gonna fork
well it's funny how that always sort of
seems to be the answer we like it on the
dog
we like that of course I see I'm on
defense here I like both teams that I've
really like friends for the quality I
think they they they're the one team
that came in was such a great squad and
they stepped it up when they needed to
step it up absolutely but they're
Croatia the way they've come to this
point it has been beautiful and that's
the beauty of the World Cup that now
everybody can pick aside if it's not
yours country they take a side well I'm
already excited looking forward to the
next World Cup us and please appreciate
you coming in thank you very much what
happens the next begins
you
