the US Justice Department has charged 12
Russians with hacking offenses it's part
of an investigation by Special Counsel
Robert Muller into alleged meddling in
the 2016 presidential election the
indictment charges 12 Russian military
officers by name for conspiring to
interfere with the 2016 presidential
election eleven of the defendants are
charged with conspiring to hack into
computers steal documents and release
those documents with the intent to
interfere in the election while the 12
Russians said to be members of Russian
military intelligence are accused of
hacking Democratic Party emails and
Hillary Clinton's campaign the
indictment says they created online
personas to publish the stolen
information the Justice Department
though says there was quote no evidence
the alleged interference changed the
course of the election there's no
allegation that the conspiracy changed
the vote count or affected any election
result Moscow says the timing of the
announcement shows that it's designed to
have a negative impact now on monday's
trump putin summit you know and he'll
discuss the controversy with a
correspondent egos done off in a bit
more depth everything in this
investigation when it comes to the
hacking of the Democratic Party it
revolves around the DNC server so we
don't know as I've said that where a
mullah got his information from but what
we do know is where he didn't get it
from apparently and that is the FBI as
they themselves have numerously
admitted to fail to examine the server
themselves have a listen
when did the DNC provide access for to
the FBI for your your technical folks to
review what happened
we never got direct access to the
machines themselves a lot begs the
question doesn't it if the FBI had no
access to DNC servers egor who had in
this exact case we don't know exactly
but we know that previously all the
information about this server came from
a company named CrowdStrike it's a
company that was hired by the DNC
received money for the from the DNC
see for maintaining and taking care of
their service and so they were the ones
who provided the FBI with all the logs
and all the information and although the
CrowdStrike itself says that the
information they gave it's a carbon copy
of it's like the exact same thing as
what was on the actual server
there's no way real way of proving that
of like you know verifying that because
they have tampered with the server quite
a bit they have already restructured it
back in 2016 in this whole server so
that's did raise some questions as well
DNC never turned the server over to law
enforcement if you're investigating
either from a law enforcement or from an
intelligence standpoint the hacking by a
foreign hostile government wouldn't you
want the server wouldn't that help you
number one identify who the attacker was
if they had turned the server over to
either you or director Comey maybe we
would have known more so I guess what
I'm asking you is why would the victim
of a crime not turn over a server to the
intelligence community or to law
enforcement and this question is what
many many people are asking because
think of it from a following standpoint
say there was a crime in some apartment
the police show at the door and then the
victims roommate shows up and says look
I live in the same room I saw everything
happened here's your forensics like
fingerprints you know traces of hair DNA
pictures from the crime scene you're all
good and the police they say oh then
fine then we won't examine the actual
crime scene since what you're showing to
us is the exact copy and the exact like
account of events of what happened this
is pretty much what the FBI did there
what happens now is there a trial well
naturally yes this is what Mueller is
pursuing but this is a catch because
look at who he's indicted he's indicted
several intelligence Offices of Russia
and obviously if there is a trial is
failures based in Russia of course and
if there is a trial it is said to happen
on the US soil
no one in their right minds would be
sending intelligence officers to a
foreign country I mean it doesn't really
matter whether or not they are accused
of anything whether or not they're
guilty or not it's just it's
intelligence officers they have like
information clearances and everything
they some of them may not be allowed to
travel abroad at all
so Miller has found is finding himself
with this indictment in a very
comfortable position because if a trial
happens it will be a trial in absentia
which means that chances are nobody will
represent these intelligence officers
which pretty much guarantees a guilty
verdict the executive director the
Rampal pace Institute believes the
timing of the case here is highly
significant if you're the victim of a
crime why would you not want to hand the
evidence over to the police the fact of
the matter is the company they had doing
their security it is a politically
biased company that was involved in all
sorts of things to steal dossier and
other things so it is a it is a big
question but the other big question
really is the timing and once again we
have an indictment on it Friday before a
weekend but not just any weekend this is
a weekend before the much-anticipated
Trump Putin summit the political
implications of dropping the indictments
to poison the waters in advance of the
pull out Trump Putin summit this is
clearly the work of the u.s. deep State
you
