Ecuador has agreed to partially restore
Internet access for WikiLeaks founder
Julian Assange who has been denied that
since March sources close to him of told
RT that he's been given guidelines on
how to act online but Ecuador also wants
Assange to be on his very best behavior
offline as well but also to keep the
place nice and tidy
so now WikiLeaks has actually published
their 9 page protocol for more details
on the story here's our correspondent
Lisa Ally sources close to Julian
Assange of told RT that the Ecuadorian
embassy are to impose a new protocol
which covers the day-to-day aspects of
mr. Assange's life inside the Ecuadorian
Embassy in regulating it really they
cover things like how his visits are
managed and any visitors who wish to go
and see the former editor of WikiLeaks
will have to make an official inquiry
via email and also how he communicates
with the world we know that six months
ago his internet access was cut off it
will now be re-established albeit part
partially and also things like his
medical treatment how he's treated
medically that will be covered within
the framework of that memo and also it
prohibits him from the doing was saying
anything which is deemed as interfering
in the internal affairs of other
countries and of course six months ago
when his internet access was cut it was
a result of the various statements he
was making with regard to the
independence referendum in Catalonia and
as a result of that of course having his
internet access cut off they've now
prohibited him from making any statement
that are considered to be political
meddling now in September mr. Assange
was forced to resign as editor of
WikiLeaks he was replaced by Christine
her after CERN an investigative
journalist from Iceland and WikiLeaks
releasing a statement saying that it was
due to the extraordinary circumstances
that he had been placed within the
Ecuadorian Embassy which is why he had
been made to stand down now of course it
remains to be seen exactly how this set
of rules impacts Mr Sanders life inside
the embassy and also remains to be seen
exactly when he will finally be able to
leave the embassy
you
