hi there I'm max Kaiser this is the
Kaiser report yeah we keep moving on
down the trail doggies Staci max do you
remember under Nixon President Nixon
sounds like a David Bowie song do you
remember your President Nixon well
remember he had the madman policy he
acted like a madman against the Soviet
Union and other communist states at that
time he believed that the madman policy
would scare them so much that you know
this guy Nixon might nuke you all
and while Kissinger used to go over to
you know North Korea and say you know
we're afraid of Nixon he's so crazy we
don't know what's gonna happen I hope
you guys come to a settle yes of course
and I think they made a film about that
and here's a tweet from Zero Hedge
craziness becoming strategic NATO
leaders in panic mode ahead of Trump
visit of course Trump is over there
visiting as we speak and the people are
well it's hard to tell who's crazier
Trump or the protesters but nevertheless
here's a quote we used to roll our eyes
at Trump's policies but now we are
seeing the craziness becoming strategic
is senior EU diplomat told Reuters we
now have to seek out all kinds of
partners to further our goals so this
comes after his um you know quite a
memorable speech in front of a big crowd
in America where he was like dissing
NATO and calling them freeloaders and
basically and saying what's wrong with
uh being friends with China and Russia
before the election I said Trump was a
change agent right so that is a nice way
to say he's crazy he's gonna go into any
situation and just overturn the table
and say let's start from scratch was it
exactly what is needed for the United
States because the United States was
very poorly positioned to head into the
21st century so we needed a guy like
Trump to come in there and just you know
knock over all the pieces on the
chessboard and start playing checkers I
mean and start all over again and so
that's what he's doing and
is on notice it's a bloated bureaucracy
it doesn't really do much for anybody
except themselves like all these big
multinational globalist institutions and
bully bully for Donald Trump certain the
weapons dealers and we had talked about
that they were concerned about a piece
breaking out in the world of course
because then they don't sell weapons and
there's no reason to stockpile of them
but if we've had decades of diplomacy in
polite language where our president said
oh really you NATO people should spend
more of your budget on military and
defense and instead of the u.s.
basically providing the entire budget
for NATO and it never works so here he's
coming in like you know calling them out
publicly so this after Trump continued
his theme and recent remarks of NATO
allies freeloading for not paying their
dues and treating the u.s. like Schmucks
and further that wait a minute is that
the quote yeah what he said that NATO is
treating the u.s. like Schmucks Trump
said NATO's treating America like
Schmucks yes now that's a New York kind
of Yiddish Lower East Side in-your-face
about this guy and then further he also
said that NATO is as bad as NAFTA lately
he's repeatedly berated other member
states for not living up to a 2014
pledge to reach 2% of GDP on defense by
2024 only three European countries have
reached that mark he's expected to urge
other governments of the Alliance to
dramatically increase military spend and
lower import tariffs quote this is what
he said to the crowd max I'm going to
tell NATO you've got to start paying
your bills the United States is not
going to take care of everything
Trump confidently told a rally in
Montana last week we are the Schmucks
that are paying for the whole thing they
kill us on trade absolutely he's
brilliant he's correct and that's what
we need and that's what I said along is
that all these rotting institutions
especially in the eurozone and a tomato
is you know they have their own crazy
man policy they they point to Russia and
say they're crazy so we got to build up
arms against this crazy actor in the
world of course that's false everyone go
into the World Cup they can see that
frickin Russia is like you know the
shangri-la where people are happy and
eating borscht and playing sound too
much like that North Korean what's the
deal man I mean they're just out there
you know selling stuff you're right
however that NATO does act like okay
they use the madman policy against their
enemies they say that their enemies are
madmen and we can't trust them and we
need therefore to build up our defense
so here they said you know Trump said to
the crowd he said getting along with
Russia and getting along with China and
getting along with other countries is a
good thing not a bad thing but of course
it is 100% a bad thing for the
military-industrial complex and for
those listed on the stock exchange of
course this has both CNN pundits and
NATO diplomats of full panic mode as
Reuters notes quote two senior NATO
diplomats told Reuters they are prepared
for a worst-case scenario that trump
would announce a freeze and u.s.
military exercises or withdraw troops in
the Baltics in a gesture to Putin that's
that that's the madman policy in Reverse
Trump looked at the balance sheet of
America when he came in he said the
military budget is too high the easy win
is to pull out of South Korea and make
peace of North Korea that's what he's
doing another easy way to pull out of
NATO because having 50,000 troops in
America in Germany makes no sense and
then he's gonna make peace in the Middle
East why to save money why because he's
a New Yorker why because you just want
to be a schmuck okay it's so freakin
easy just look at the balance sheet I
don't want to be a schmuck you know if
you go to the poker game and you're the
one you don't know who that schmuck is
or the loser it's you you know Trump sat
down to all these international
organizations they say okay who at the
table too big loser if you don't know
it's you
he's like America shouldn't be the big
loser I think schmuck also goes with my
tweet about this because I responded to
this madman policy thing as madman
policy has been official u.s. foreign
policy since we went off the gold
standard it's the only way to keep other
nations scared enough to keep using the
dollar so it's also I think Trump
playing up this big like I'm trying to
save money I'm trying to save money it's
in order to maintain the illusion that
he needs to save money that the United
States needs to save money and they need
to make sure that they don't spend too
much because this has value and it's as
good as gold well he's like crazy Eddie
if you remember crazy
from New York you would be selling
stereo equipment these prices are insane
so like Trump goes to these institutions
and it says look we could have save you
like 30 billion dollars you just put
away the nukes put away all their
hardware you know kill these publicly
listed defense contractor stocks okay
Martin Marietta Lockheed those stocks
are gonna get crushed because those guys
are gonna be out selling hot dogs on
Coney Island to make a living we don't
need all that blows in the American
economy they're gone as soon as you get
sort of those guys he's gonna go take a
scalpel to the health industry and slash
those guys okay well stock market could
get crushed but wages in America are
gonna go up didn't crazy eddie end up in
jail yes for fraud Eddie are Kara I
believe his name is right so anyway so
now we're gonna move on to crazy man and
farts okay because of course that's a
natural segue it's a natural segue and I
know in our second half you interviewed
15 year old Oliver Morris so when he
watches us he'll be able to get some
giggles out of us saying fart the
headline is fart bill indicates Trump's
intention to dump WTO report so I
believe this is from Dow Jones market
watch so I can say fart because it's
from their headline right the Trump
administration has crafted a draft bill
ordered by the president that would
declare America's abandonment of World
Trade Organization rules according to
Axios which said over the weekend that
had obtained a leash copy of their
proposal the bill essentially provides
President Donald Trump who has argued
for a better position for the US and big
trade pacts a license to raise US
tariffs at will without congressional
consent and largely outside of the
international rules governed by the WTO
the bill is titled the United States
fair and reciprocal trade act or fart is
is being called the consensus is that it
won't make it through the Congress but
it's him acting like a madman to
Congress is that I should hold your fart
it's not good for your health
good good : health you know just let it
go let it rip well what do you think
about this policy of introducing this
notion that the president can impose
that will tariffs rather than have to go
through the US Congress well once again
the idea here is that Trump is just
slashing and burning his way through
everything I said it also
Trump got elected that this would be a
test of the US Constitution it would be
an acid to acid test of the US
Constitution so I mean this is what he's
doing he's pushing the Constitution to
the very edge and freely forcing
Congress and the American people to
either go to court and defend the
Constitution or rewrite the Constitution
but he he believes that America is on
the was on the precipice of completely
being annihilated in global trade and
being eviscerated from the face of the
earth and so he's taking policies to
protect America make America great again
and he's not taking any prisoners he's
just it's a scorched-earth policy he'll
go he's the mile I incident of
presidents they'll just go in there drop
acid and go berserk he doesn't care so
it's up to the rest of the world to take
action or get out of the way well of
course up until Trump it was only Kim
jong-un who had he was the one madman
get crazier than Kim Jong that's why he
went to visit him so I could look him in
the eye and say okay how crazy is this
guy I could out-crazy him he's not as
crazy as he thinks I'm actually a lot
crazier and I got a bigger economy we're
gonna freaking out crazy this guy and
he's doing brilliantly well and of
course on the other hand he's also been
totally deranged toward our so-called
allies because if he's willing to do
that to his allies then the competitor
nations like China was she's trying to
do a one-on-one trade deal and and scare
into basically fixing this trade deficit
right so what better way than to just
rampage your way across the world
insulting every one of your allies like
Justin Trudeau and calling Europeans
murderers and you know and and they're
trying to make us Schmucks so of course
by the time you arrive in China the guy
is like okay remember the last time we
saw ahead of China is that some
conference saying where we're gonna be
the globalist superstar in the world
economy
and forget America they're all
isolationists are gonna become regional
they can become provincial we're gonna
be the superstars of the global economy
and now he didn't realize that actually
he's holding more than a trillion
dollars of American US dollars that are
about to become worthless because we've
got a psycho in the White House so the
joke's on you Z well it's very Game of
Thrones like this is what you do in
order to scare your competitors who
might want your throne is you if
you behead all your friends first before
your enemies powerful statement so the
build title the United States fair and
reciprocal Tariff Act would give Trump
unilateral power to ignore the two most
basic principles of the WTO and
negotiate one-on-one with any country
the first is the most favored nation
principle that stipulates countries
can't set different tariff rates for
different countries outside of
free-trade agreements the second
pertains to bound tariff rates which are
the tariff ceilings that each WTO
country has already agreed to in
previous negotiations so of course I
think it's quite interesting that the US
if they exit WTO it's kind of a symmetry
to China entering the WTO under was it
under Nixon so what was Clinton but they
entered the global economy under Nixon
right when as I said on the front the
madman policy began right it would be
nice book end to kind of the centuries
that we dominated in this country and
now we're gonna be dominating a 21st
century because we've got the bigger nut
we've got the bigger psycho we've got
the guy who's willing to genuinely push
the button cake China so don't fight so
don't don't don't but then we're not
gonna do it don't be a schemata
don't be a schmuck we get the button
we're gonna push it now without question
China without ducks
he's our own dr. Strangelove these are
dr. Strangelove a president Trump they
gotta be out there you know lead you
know lead by leading be out there don't
don't pretend to be crazy you should
drop in on the NATO summit I guess it's
on Monday he should drop in know his
meeting with Putin is he should ride in
on a missile you know that's a great
entrance I wanna genius those guys
anyway we gotta take a break when we
come back I'll be talking to a 15 year
old kid who's probably gonna take over
the world so don't go away stay right
there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Oliver
Morris who is a Python developer and who
is 15 years old Oliver
welcome to the Kaiser report thank you
for half a minute it's great to see you
we saw you up in Dublin at money conf
and we got to meet you
we know that you've been developing max
client for a few years and I understand
it you and when 8 years old first saw
Keyser report is that correct and then
you started to get into crypto yeah
so what I want to know is walk me
through what were the steps in other
words okay you're watching Kaiser you're
like okay this guy max is like he's
obviously insane but Stacy seems like
she's normal yeah so I'll keep watching
and then oh Krypto what's that so then
in recent yeah how do you I get into
crypto I'm just watching what happened
at that moment so I researched on a
Bitcoin and understanding of Bitcoin and
the blockchain and then well eight years
old I didn't get too much into it and I
was about 11 or 12 by obviously knew
about it back then I was only a that's
when I was doing the gaming or and I was
more into gaming and not programming at
all but I have so from the last three or
four years I've been into Bitcoin and
development my way I got into Bitcoin
was through Chris Ellis and he he I
tweeted to him once I saw him on the
cars report in 2016 talking about his
full node Raspberry Pi foot project
that's right he he was very big into
getting nodes out there on the Raspberry
Pi the Raspberry Pi is a miniature
computer that stores all its memory on a
micro SD card it's important stuff it's
got all you can stick your t4 net
Ethernet you can all it's all the old
Raspberry Pi Kristen Alice has always
been a big name in the space getting
people into crypto and then he started
to learn Python was that hard so meat
learning - I was programming with
another developer and also Chris and so
we put most each in each other about -
and no nails only from him the Bitcoin
the Bitcoin rails papaya and
stalling Bitcoin and then I also wrote
bash grips for installing Bitcoin on the
raspberry PI's and how much do you watch
like YouTube and stuff like it's that
part of this place of autodidactic
learning process I learned Python off
youtube like those different tutorials
on Python the basics intermediate
immediate and advanced a in Python and
so I just learned from the basics and
then obviously a Bitcoin on YouTube is
not too much when I was first going into
it in 2014 or 2015 but it's more now but
I was thinking obviously writing more
writing more videos or teach people
about the Bitcoin Python is a
programming language is written in the
nineties and it's a really really good
languages language it's got so many
different libraries for writing websites
writing I do a lot of the Bitcoin Python
libraries for writing it's like using
the Bitcoin blockchain and you grab
grabbing all the blockchain data from
from the blocks so block cache the
merkel wrote the transaction hash and
all the other stuff that's in a block
there are a number of other coins out
there so called alt coins and of course
max coin is one of them you're big into
the max coin space we'll talk about that
in a second but tell me about the salt
coin market because it seems like it's a
place to kind of experiment right I've
kind of Ramone coin well I have faults
like one before I didn't launch anything
like that and I was messing around with
the main C++ file file looking at each
of these sort of hashed Genesis block
the Genesis block and all the info
within that file so I was experimenting
on how how a blockchain is created and
I've also written Python code working
with the algorithm sha-256 and sha-512
don't know what github is what other
github there's an open source platform
for releasing your code
and so it's for free you can open-source
your code for the code that you've
written to upload so people can download
it or view it online what's amazing to
me is that up until recently the whole
world of engineering and technology and
developing expertise in all this
required one to go to university to
study quite diligently to go into the
lab an experiment but here you are you
starting at eight you're now fifteen and
you're involved with open-source you've
got all the especially need on YouTube
and your programming altcoins and you're
looking at Bitcoin so you've imagined
and built your own world is do you feel
like that or are you so immersed in it
now that it just seems completely normal
I suppose yeah when you speak to other
people and they say what is that any
kind of art or trying to explain I mean
you kind of feel how much you actually
know or you kind of so writing a code
also about being in university I would
have to go to university to study this
but being homeschooled I've been able to
study it for last three or four years
and be dedicated homeschool point I was
talking here debts I'm then in fact he
recognized that this was a passion of
yours and it would be years before they
had it in school yeah so he homeschools
you and you just have immersed herself
in this and and now you are fully
dedicated to it what are the next
programs or languages or what do you
what do you think what's next for you to
learn please C or C++ so I can get more
into actually building on the blockchain
with the actual source code of like max
coin or Bitcoin and other alt coins so I
can actually understand the actual
source code of the blockchain I
understand the actual lights a Genesis
block or the hashing the hashing
algorithm and also the different
transaction hashes but actually
programming actually with the blockchain
for learning a language like C++ I think
that's my next goal for somebody who
says Oliver tell me about max coin why
is it so great what do you say say max
coin is a say more
secure than a Bitcoin or using char free
and no signatures and quantum assistant
but yeah I'm just being associated with
Max Keiser which of course gives an
incredible cachet globally in not only
in the crypto space but in the local
population of humans here on planet
Earth
aliens traveling through space you can
travel through time with max coin you
can go through shape-shift don't stay
she's not gonna help you but you like
max coin and you think it's something
that worthy to work out mmm I also the
team as well I think it's really good
there was another team debut cerana
joseanne Alex at a minor license they
have a good really good developers I
think there's a meet up in the fall
oh yeah in Portugal but what you go
didn't get the memo on that idea things
in September isn't I think so we gotta
work on that yeah big meet up pick me up
and down and Portugal and the max coin
so people surprised when they learn the
year fifteen years old or as am I
missing some kind of single as what
David said is it's not ageism and it's
also not obviously my intelligence or my
for me my age is my photos David didn't
believe me and I suppose even for me
Stacy didn't believe me when I said I'm
50 years old but when I really got to
know me I suppose then he realizes old
but it's kind of a shock to some people
myself Stacy was saying oh I'll remorse
he watches showing is eight but you know
people do come up to us and say we like
the show it's changed our lives to some
degree or we you know we got crypto and
really is a big influence on us but for
this is like a new thing for us where
someone who is like eight and is now
seemingly been you know directed its
going someplace that we have some kind
of influence on it's where are you
taking us what are we going weren't
where am I headed
what's going on nas the future
oh the future of Krypton well I mean
like I feel so overwhelmed at times over
this whole crypto space is so big and
ever-changing and you've got the youth
and your brain is still fresh I'm like
decrepit and old I can barely get
through a day without dribbling out
myself
where work what can I look forward to I
suppose
my intelligence also the future of my
own Mitaka TG Pro coming maybe oh I
suppose I don't know about if you'd want
to learn that we have a lot of
confidence where does that come from
where you get your confidence from is it
just in that I've been singing or
performing I suppose onstage doing
singing since I was three years old so I
suppose confidence since I was four
years old for all this time and then
doing well Kreutzer Network or beyond
the show of Chris back in 2016 I was
able to be able to talk more so it's got
the confidence for motive I know
scoring if score but a bruise on her
face from kickboxing kungfu little
control that our programming I do I've
been doing kung fu for about almost six
years now and I'm a black belt and I'm
also I do Tai Chi as well so do
meditation there's a good ways I'm
Windell man all this is all happening at
the same time well I mean I'm completely
gobsmacked the more we talked the more
I'm wondering are you some kind of
vision from the future I mean you're
like a hologram or a shape-shifter are
you in fact the quantum particle sent
from the future to test the quantum
resistance of max coin I'm back well
fabulous oh let's go on to the next
question then shall we
you hear about people in the tech space
like a bill Bill Gates or Steve Jobs and
you know they totally transform the
industry they're visionaries
do you think you might be following in
their footsteps or is that just being
over the ties no I suppose the influence
or being able to teach other people no
I'd really like to teach more people in
a space maybe even younger people as
well if they were interested or bit orga
actually would dedicate
more to it like I have but yeah I
suppose I like to be quite a good
influencer in space right so you're
gonna use your powers of influence to
educate yeah
that sounds pretty noble and you know
what's going on it like you just have
such a great presence about you it's
very impressive
we've got max kind going down we've got
we got conferences coming up more and
more of them when you travel around the
world are you do you look out for folks
and say hey they're getting into crypto
they're getting into Bitcoin you're
looking for adoption do you try to you
know tell people about it on your
travels
or do you consider yourself like a
disciple of the Satoshi in that way yeah
I do try and tell other people about the
Bitcoin or crypto that a lot of people I
was not really interested or they don't
understand that or you try and explain
it and then as I was trying to help
other people it's hard to explain it
also does teaching Python or the basics
and I've known so many different people
that in schooled studying just Python or
programming in general that they kind of
get bored and I suppose if you get into
blockchain or you have the right
influences to help inspire you more to
learn more then then you might carry on
learning yeah I think we were talking at
Jimi song right Jimmy song has a program
he's developing programmers and doing a
lot for creating programmers and I think
probably gets you into one of the Jimmy
song sessions coming up soon and that's
a real credit to the the programming
industry you know Jake Jimmy we got one
for you here but anyway we got to go
thanks for being on the cars report
Thank You max alrighty that's gonna do
it for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me Max Keiser and Stacey urban
claims thinking I guess I'll remoras if
you want to find us on Twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye y'all
