one-on-one with russia's Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov on this special
edition of politics
welcome to politicking I'm Larry King
and historic summit looms between the
United States President Donald Trump and
Russia's leader Vladimir Putin at a time
of increased tensions between their two
nations mr. Trump has signaled that
serious sanctions military exercises
election meddling may be on the agenda
but what is Moscow want from this
high-stakes face to face to find out we
now talk with Russia's longtime Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov who joins us from
Moscow thank you for the invitation
Larry
okay let's get right into it a wrap up
of the NATO summit with Justin
President Trump and other members agreed
to a joint statement which among other
things condemned your countries Italy
they called it illegal and illegitimate
annexation of Crimea also reaffirmed
support for Ukraine's aspirations to
become a member of NATO what mr. foreign
minister is your reaction to this
you know there is nothing new in this
statements we have been hearing them for
quite a number of years so we take it as
inertia by the Cold War thinking not
nothing more than that
I thought the Cold War was over
well that's why inertia of the Cold War
unfortunately still with with NATO and
it's high time for NATO to leave it
behind it at his news conference
Thursday President Trump said that the
NATO allies have stepped up like never
before on defense spending he also the
call the alliance of fine tuned machine
how what mister farmers did what are
your thoughts about NATO
well NATO is a reality
it's an atavism of cold war times but it
is a reality and we take it as a reality
we don't believe that what NATO is doing
by trying to expand further and further
close at the Russian borders swallowing
countries who frankly do not add to the
security of the Alliance we don't
believe that this is the way to resolve
the problems of today today we have
common threats common enemies terrorism
climate change organized crime drug
trafficking and none of this is being
effectively addressed by NATO expansion
NATO should certainly be taken as a
reality as I said but NATO should
understand that it is something which
cannot dictate to each and every other
country how to handle the international
security matters dialogue is required
we have been proposing many things to
NATO which we can do together
counterterrorism then the discussions of
military doctrines discussion of
transparency measures in a military
buildup
all this was frozen after the events in
Crimea after the referendum in Crimea
and NATO took the approach that exactly
the same approach as it took when in
2008 and August and then President
Saakashvili of Georgia launched a war
against his own people in South Ossetia
and then we demanded a convening of
nato-russia Council but Condoleezza Rice
the Secretary of State at that time said
no way we cannot discuss anything with
an address quote-unquote then she
corrected herself and all NATO members
agreed that NATO must be always the
nato-russia Council must be all-weather
forum and that especially at the time of
crisis it should function on the basis
of equality and taken into account
mutual I mean interests of each other so
after the Crimean referendum which was
free and fair as I said and as many
international observers assert the
mistake was repeated once again and as
of the defense expenditure even without
any further rise the current statistics
is that NATO together with the United
States spends about 20 times more than
Russia spends on its defense and without
the United States the Europeans spent
about four times more than Russia spends
on its defense budget I assume that it
might be partially related to the
productivity of labour to the difference
in productivity of labour but this
cannot be the only explanation
how did you react when when President
Trump said that Germany is totally
controlled by Russia
well my spokesman Marie Zahara addressed
this issue I think yesterday when she
gave facts that we sailed yes to Germany
which is business and the United States
has dozens of thousands of military men
and women on the German soil and few
dozens military bases and then any
international observer having the
statistics in front of him occurred
should make their own conclusions I can
only quote what President Trump said
when he was asked where the President
Putin is his enemy or his friend he said
he is a competitor a strong competitor
and I believe we can get along with it
and I hope one day might become friends
but speaking of competition I always
believed in free competition because
free market is about fair competition
and when speaking of gas and Germany
United States Secretary of Energy mr.
Perry yesterday I think said that the
North stream to pipeline must be stopped
and those European countries whose
companies would be participating in this
project would be sanctioned by the
United States because because the United
States is for competition and for the
sake of competition there must be new
terminals to receive American liquefied
national natural gas some some
competition I would say and of course if
Russian authoritarian gas is supposed to
be worse than the Democratic American
gas then I am awfully sorry but this is
not economy this is not competition this
is a pure ideology
and unfair competition
mr. foreign minister are you going to
accompany mr. Putin to Helsinki yes I
would be there as well as secretary
Pompeo we had a couple of conversations
with my pen pal
we discussed what kind of arrangements
we should foresee for the for the
meeting at Helsinki and parallel to the
meeting between the two presidents which
they want to start one-on-one we would
be meeting with Mike with ambassadors to
Russia and to the United States
respectively and we will discuss any
issue which each of us would like to
raise there would be no fixed agenda but
there are obvious items which would
certainly pop up the two presidents
will meet alone by the way I've
interviewed mr. Putin I know him but a
few times and when I when I've been with
him he doesn't speak English are there
gonna be interpreters at that private
meeting between the two presidents
yes
interpreters President Putin actually
understands English but for the sake of
better expressing his views he prefers
to use the interpreters good offices
will they be there'll be no other aids
in the room you will not be in the room
well as things stand now that's what the
American side proposed and we are polite
people so we had read all right what are
you looking forward to from the summit
what from the Russian standpoint will be
a successful summit
well the beginning of normal
communications all channels of Kemal
channels of communications established
during last 7 8 10 years have been
frozen on very important issues
counterterrorism energy drug trafficking
cyber security many others Afghanistan
are the regional conflicts and what we
have now is sporadic meetings between
diplomats and the military mostly on
Syria we also have a channel on Ukraine
where the aid of President Putin and a
special envoy of the United States met
several times but with no visible
progress because our American colleagues
try every every time they meet with with
the Russian counterparts to deviate
radically from the Minsk agreements
which underlie the consensus on
Ukrainian crisis but we keep trying and
I hope that we will certainly discuss
this issue in Helsinki but back to your
question regarding the idea of outcome
ideal outcome would be to agree to
engage all the channels on all the
issues which are devised if on the one
hand trying to see whether we can get
close on those exact topics and also on
those issues where we now can usefully
cooperate for the sake of interests of
the two countries and for the sake of
interest of international community like
a strategic stability for example
i optimistic about the summit
well I'm not paid to be optimistic or
pessimistic I'm paid to be realistic and
we try to stick to the reality we'll see
what the reality looks like
mr. Lavrov
minister lavrov stay right there we'll
be right back with more politicking
right after this quick break back to
this special edition of politicking I'm
Larry King and we're talking with the
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov
it's a great pleasure to have him with
us on the eve of this historic summit
mr. foreign minister what does your
country think of new sort of agreement
with North Korea well I think it's it's
good for the world we strongly support
the efforts undertaken by President
Trump also by by the president of South
Korea to build up the atmosphere that
must fear which would be conducive to
resolving the nuclear issue of the
Korean Peninsula and to bring all of us
to denuclearization and from the very
beginning we suggested together with
China that a first step must be
confidence-building and the second step
should be some confidence-building
measures like freezing lunches and tests
like freezing the military gains and I
believe that what is going on is going
in the right direction I know that the
outcome of the meeting in Singapore
between President Trump and leader of
the north of North Korea is being
criticized by many as just you know
being empty words on paper without any
beef in it late secretary Frontale
visited Pyongyang and then he was also
criticized for not delivering any
specific hard commitments for
generalization but I think serious
analysts understand that this thing
cannot be done overnight it has been a
very deep crisis with very serious
consequences which might
many countries if things went wrong and
we have to build confidence gradually
and that's I believe what President
Trump and secretary pan Pell help helped
to do we support this efforts and we try
to contribute in our context with North
Koreans and with other place a debt
region it's good to hear okay
the unanimous conclusion by the entire
American intelligence community is that
your government influenced the American
elections in 2016 and that President
Trump will tell President Putin to not
do it again how do you react to all of
this and your country's involvement in
American elections your reaction well
I've seen those reports but I was all
respect Larry I cannot agree that this
was a report as you said by the entire
American intelligence community those
who are interested can take a look at
the piece written by former American
ambassador to Moscow Jack Matlock who
described the report produced regarding
the alleged Russian interference and
showed inefficiencies and inaccuracies
and inconsistencies in filing this
report without for example expressing
the the view which which the military
intelligence held it's a report signed
only by three agencies out of a dozen of
intelligence agency the United States
has and who normally would participate
in anything called the opinion of the
entire intelligence
the United States then I saw the report
of the Senate Intelligence Committee
which asserted and you know alleged that
Russia has been interfering with
elections that there is proof and then
no single fact was produced and then it
was announced that the full report would
be made secret because of sensitive
information it's exactly the same
approach as we see in our relations with
the United Kingdom who accused us 10
years ago of poisoning one of the former
intelligence officer who resided in
London missed a little Indian code and
the trial which concluded that Russia
was responsible was also secret now the
investigation of this Salsbury poisoning
is also going on without any transparent
information being provided to the public
without anything given to us
including access to a Russian citizen
and so on and so forth now the this this
is becoming contagious I believe and
highly likely thing and the assertion
that there is no other credible
explanation is becoming a rule on which
the Western friends try to base their
policy on Russia the the latest greatest
event in Greece is absolutely going in
the same thing highly likely we are not
given any single fact and back to the
American elections I've spent some time
in the United States so I believe I
understand how the system is working and
when a year and a half or even more
investigation goes on hearings go on the
special counselor mr. Knoller dozens of
people participating in the hearing
being
and the only thing the public gets is
the assertion that it has proven again
and again that Russia did meddle we're
still thinking whether this meddling did
have effect on the outcome of elections
or not and so on and so forth but apart
from this assertions
there is no single faith and knowing the
American system I I'm convinced that
with so many people involved in all this
hearings closed public secret not secret
it is impossible that no single fact has
been leaked so far yet into the public
domain the u.s. system is leaking very
often and very well and especially on
issue like this once so many people are
involved it's impossible not to not to
have any single fact presented to the
public one way or another so you and I
can say you can ignore and assure you
have to it that this was in involved
President Putin address this issue
several times he once again confirmed a
few days ago actually a few couple of
weeks ago that the Russian government
has nothing to do with what was going on
during the American elections we have
been reading about somebody else's
meddling with Democratic Party side but
this fact which has been proven by the
way is not mentioned at all when this
electoral campaign issue is being
discussed what what we did say was that
we are ready to answer any questions the
American administration might have
regarding this matter
this was actually prep offered by us
when President Putin met with President
Trump one year ago in the margins of g20
in Hamburg and we thought there was an
agreement that
perfect spirits would be meeting the
Americans would put on the table all the
issues which they believe Russia must
explain and then the experts would would
do this somehow
few days after the summit under the
pressure of those who believe that the
administration should not discuss
anything on cybersecurity with Russia
this deal was postponed lately there
were signals that the Americans are
ready to resume this attempt and we
would be ready to discuss any concerns
regarding cybersecurity which the United
States might have speaking of cyber
security and freedom of expression and
so on and so forth we are concerned that
our tea which is not foreign to you is
being labeled by for example the French
government as agent of influence and the
same French government introduced a
draft law to their Parliament which is
intended to compile a blacklist of media
outlets which are suspected of spreading
fake news and even more seriously this
blacklist would be accompanied by
compiling and at the government level at
the legislation level a list of media
resources which would be recommended to
national regulators of cyberspace as
reliable sources if it does not
censorship if it does not an attempt to
squeeze the space of expression then I
don't understand much in this life
I want to add one more thing mr. foreign
minister how morally how can you support
someone like Assad in Syria who has been
so brutal to his own people how how can
you support him in a civilization how
did he support well I think I think you
being a politician I mean some people
say being a politician as being cynical
something healthy cynicism is good I
believe we have to be realistic and we
have to be responsible first of all for
the world security for security of our
countries for the cooperation with
others which would create conditions
making our people safer and if you take
a look in retrospect at that region
Saddam Hussein was a dictator Muammar
Qaddafi was a dictator but if you
compare the sufferings of the people of
Iraq Libya respectively under these two
dictators and the present after the
American and NATO intervention in Iraq
and in Libya in violation of
international law then I believe the
numbers of those who were killed who
were wounded who fled their homes would
be probably hundreds of thousands more
then those who suffered under these
regimes and the same is true for Syria
the people who ruined Iraq who ruined
Libya who now try to invite the
international community to share
responsibility for the migrants crisis
the same people draw no conclusions and
they wanted to put Syria in the same in
the same state some analysts say that
the United States might be interested in
keeping this region in turmoil
so that that it can fish in this muddy
waters I don't believe this is this is
what the United States wants but when
you look at the facts its what happening
it's what happening and this is not to
say that we want to justify dictators
but it's to say that before you start an
adventure you must make every step not
to be a reckless and to find a way to
promote democratic changes peacefully
like the United States do in many
countries of the same very region I
don't need to list them so my point is
that we condemn any violations of human
rights any violations of international
humanitarian law whoever committed
commit them governance opposition
foreign countries interfering but we
have to see the entire pitch and we have
to think about the price of being moral
just for the sake of being moral so you
include Syria in that statement
yes that's what you asked me about yeah
I'm very glad to hear that mr. foreign
minister thank you so much for giving us
your time today have a successful trip
to Helsinki and let's hope that when we
meet in person we have peace in the
world wouldn't that be nice Thank You
Larry thank you very much for the
invitation and thank you for joining us
on this edition of politicking remember
you can join the conversation on my
Facebook page or tweet me at Kings
things and don't forget use the
politicking hashtag and that's all for
this edition of politicking
