all these years that we've been saving
our money has paid off it's a beautiful
country we watch the how to play live
our dream became true unfortunately is
out it's a sad day for us but again the
worlds of isn't over yet and we hope to
make the most of our time
we have grown as football fans right
from we were children we have been
playing football we've been watching
football and it was a dream for us that
maybe someday we can sit in the stands
and watch this match life if we saw that
on the TV every time we play FIFA we see
that but it was 10 100 times better than
what I thought it would be when I look
at looked at the ground when I looked at
the players playing my idol Cristiano
Ronaldo right in front of my eyes
it was unreal I couldn't believe my eyes
it was like I was in a dream
yeah Ronaldo if you're watching this
please know that we've been your fans
since childhood and we will always be
your fans even when you're not playing
it is my first time out of the country
I'm glad that I came to Russia along
with my friends
yeah people to that approval
everybody's so hospitable in Russia we
didn't thought that at first but it is
people are amazing hopefully I can
spread a message of peace and love from
Pakistan to Russia through football and
tell the world that we are a peaceful
nation
yeah
whatever the Western media tells us on
the TV about Russia that the people are
hard they're not helping it's all false
potatoes don't smile at first bit but
when you talk to them when you get to
know them they really know that they're
it's wonderful they try their best to
make us you know feel at home in Russia
you
you
