the World Cup is almost done and dusted
and sadly it will soon be time to say
goodbye to this guy cocky more boots on
the soil after this one let's let B walk
will everyone miss look at that oh no
doubt but who would have thought this
charming furry creature or his name
could poke the hornet's nest FIFA says
Xavi vaca means Baraka means the one who
scores in Russian a very suitable name
for the wolf who radiates fun charm and
confidence but for some a simple
explanation like that is just not good
enough I was fairly late to the party in
terms of making the connection between
Xavi vaca and other Russian words that
have to do with among other things
bullying violence and the recreational
use of marijuana to be fair the author
was inspired by means that had been born
here in Russia however as we all know no
hooligans wolves Fiat mascots or real
animals have attacked anyone at the
World Cup so far when some Russians of
an older generation heard of CdeBaca the
almost immediately thought of another
wolf from let's call it Russia's Tom and
Jerry but unlike clumsy Tom this toothy
cartoon character had more of a way with
alcohol and cigarettes is this really
the way to go do these kind of things
make you happy
but then there was more language related
trouble the word the divides can go with
a preposition not and in that case that
would mean not to care or actually not
to give it down
so the de vacas image was quickly pasted
into some cakes showing a few instances
of not giving a damn in Russia but
enough of that there's no point in
talking about all these associations
without hearing from foreign fans who've
seems to be bothered what kind of animal
is this first of all one more try
Eurasian wolf
otherwise known as Canis lupus Wow
I think it's hot it's a wall do you know
his name I know neither Ryan oh that's
interesting about okay wow that's so
good you have a Russian background or
something yeah that was very good max up
beef up - that's too much bought fit so
what does the B vaca mean okay that's
interesting
dredge the World Cup so I'm saying to
you with gold
maybe go for how do you know that man
yes TV like that guy collection
tiny pants you think this guy's
definitely positive positive and he's a
intelligent but however you read into
the name the mascots all about howling
how friendly this world cup has been so
let's just give him some love while he's
still around
you
