joined right now by you wife of
President Alexander Sharon and it is so
great to have you in thank you so much
for taking the time so how do you feel
about that we had six out of eight
European size in the in the quarter
files all Europeans Emmys and and final
what are your feelings I must say that I
I'm happy but not surprised I think we
are doing a good job not since I'm here
and not because I'm here but you AFI is
approaching the development of football
a bit differently so I think the gap
will be wider and wider why do you think
that what do you put that down to we as
everybody knows generates a lot of money
with all of our competitions we allocate
the money properly
we have coaching conventions we work as
you know with former players who don't
just watch the matches but they help
national associations we work on good
governance we don't send money to the
associations and do whatever you want
with it we invest in project in
infrastructure in development of
football technical sector so I think
that's the and we see it it's the right
way to have success and development of
football every single child in Europe
can be spotted now as a talent and I'm
not sure if that's everywhere around the
world are you talking about money I want
to continue that conversation it feels
as though football has never been more
wealthy it's a huge business it seems at
the moment what's your number one
priority making sure that football stays
the global sports football will for sure
stayed at the global sport I don't know
if it can go up for all the time let's
see what happens in the future but for
me the most important question is not if
there's enough for too much money in
football the most important question is
do we distribute it properly do we
develop footballers governing bodies
that's why for me the European model of
sports is very important because
governing bodies
take care of development of football we
are not companies who care about profit
only we distribute 85% of all the
revenues
show me one company in the world that
distributes 85% of their money for
solidarity so that's why I think the
most important question here is that we
have to stay that way we have to
distribute money we have to build
pitches we have to send coaches and X
players to show children all around the
world all around Europe to play how to
play football and of course we are not
working only on professional players we
are working on
children which 99% will never be a
professional players but there will be
better people they will be healthier
they will be happier they will meet
great people they will travel around the
world so this is our approach and I
think there's never enough money in
European football because we distribute
it properly can you be more specific in
terms of say we for instance we have
this project in how the money are being
spent for example since 2004 we had
so-called hectic project where we invest
into infrastructure all around Europe
Football Association's
have to show where do they want to to
invest we offer not just money to pay
for example to construction companies we
offer also money we offer also people
experts who we are sending them around
saying this is more sustainable build it
that way do it cheaper so we are
involved in every single project around
the world
so indeed this is one thing coaching
conventions are important if top coaches
help us and go around Europe if children
see people like you Peter
I want to see me they don't want to see
sports politicians they want to see X
players they want to see top coaches and
and that way you can develop football if
you generate some revenue and then you
just send it to the associations you
never know what happens will you have to
take care that the money is used
properly so the money you distribute our
earmark to certain things so exactly we
have to know exactly what the Football
Association is doing with it with money
and
I think this is crucial probably
interesting you're talking about this
Alexander because I know one of your
employees
it works in PR it and he said to me many
times that you wafer to so many great
things in terms of getting involved with
communities that people don't always
hear about and I often feel this it's a
bit similar with Russia but it's I know
it's a great country because I've lived
here for a few years and it doesn't
always get that image portrayed what
have you made being here of the
experience Russia 20 doing cuz I think
that a lot of fans around the world have
changed their opinions of the country
just because of the power of football
the power of the World Cup yeah first of
all I would like to congratulate FIFA
LOC Russian Football Union and the
Russian Federation I knew the World Cup
will be organized well but I'm still
positively surprised and for me it's
maybe it's a joke but not completely
one of the biggest achievement is that
even customs police started to smile
they don't smile anywhere in the world
and they say welcome to Russia so I'm
impressed and and I'm impressed by it by
the level of of peacefulness I don't see
any aggression I don't see any any
extreme fans walking around threatening
people that for me it's it's a great
great world and lessons learned that you
can take on to obviously the euro in
2020 it's gonna be in 12 countries but
2024 maybe not in 12 countries so the
lessons learned from from from Russia
here what can you take on the distances
here are quite big and some of the
people were sub were a bit concerned
about it before and the World Cup
started but it it proved to be
in manageable so it's it's nice things
for the thing for us to know sing
Croatia in the final I mean people would
say this is one of the smaller team
certainly in terms of national
population and four million thinking
back to the success that Lester had in
English Premier League how important is
it to see the smaller teams succeeding
do you see that as a good thing for the
game as a whole it's absolutely a good
thing and again proves the good work in
European football
for me Croats probably even don't know
it yet but for a four-million nation
it's a miracle to come to the to the
World Cup finals
I I think they showed so much heart they
showed so much passion so much fighting
spirit that I wouldn't say they can't
win on Sunday
we feel a little bit of a brotherhood
feeling with what they are my neighbors
yeah and I have many friends there but
you know if you have four semi-finalists
from your Confederation you're happy
anyway so I'm a bit more relaxed on this
mattress now Croatia is small but not
food world wise on the other side
Frances
I think the team of the future fans that
I agree with France that you really have
an incredible team it's young it's very
experienced and so many different type
of football players they are tall they
are strong they are fast and at the same
time very skilled which is a bit of a
change I think it's gonna be an
interesting final let me jump a little
bit four years ahead because in four
years time we have the next World Cup in
Ghana and and so obviously all the
controversy aside we're not going to
talk about that it has now been decided
that the World Cup because it's it's 50
degrees this time a year in it's even
here close to 50 years it really is a
hot day today but you cannot play it's
impossible to play football one is 50
degrees so it's been moved so the first
game would be on November 21st and the
final will be played on December 18th so
that is obviously a massive disruption
to the European football calendar now
obviously that that is your jurisdiction
and your responsibility if you like how
do you think that is going to work with
European football and and what's been
done for that to actually be be working
that was settled even before I came for
UEFA president because Qatar was chosen
before before I was here
the league's adopted the league's
adopted the championships will stop but
if I might jump a bit if this idea of 48
team comes out then we will have
probably important to make that
absolutely clear because it is if you
read about the next World Cup it will be
48 teams but that has not been decided
yet there's no decision about that it's
being talked about and it will be voted
on is it next year no it's it's not
decided if you would vote in any case
because we FIFA Council would decide
about that not FIFA Congress your
personal feeling is good or bad idea for
me the main problem is that nobody has a
position we get some information from
the media and then at the end everybody
says maybe Qataris say we are not sure
FIFA says we are not sure common ball
proposes it and the others don't know
anything I think it can present a big
problem calendar-wise but I think the
first step would be that the ones who
proposed it have a position any any kind
of position would be very nice let's
talk about another so just just explain
why you think it is gonna be a problem
Canada why why the chatter where the
challenges are with the World Cup in 222
is anyway as you said before in November
in December where the Nationalists are
are playing it's the shortest period in
a World Cup exactly and and 32 teams you
need less time than 48 if you want to
put it in the same dates but 48 teams
then as our competition experts say you
would you would have to play six matches
per day which means more than 12 hours
of football per day so start at lunch
finished at midnight yes yes yes without
dinner that's hot that's gonna be really
hard working TV for that listicle II it
seems that I get challenges that yeah
that's got to be discussed something
else what I think worth discussing
because the first time we've seen it VAR
in this in this World Cup and it was a
bigger known coming in and I wonder if
we're much clearer about it now what are
your feelings on it first of all it
works pretty well here I must say and I
don't think there's any way back now
with var but the fact is that it's not
still not clear enough this is my
opinion and this is the opinion of UEFA
we are still not sure if the referee has
to stop when they call him if they call
him or not
we had identical situations once checked
by var next time No
we have some situations like if the
linesman shows the sign off site what do
you do if we are says it was not off
site in this core they and they stop and
they would score there are some things
that are for me by my opinion far from
clear but that doesn't mean that that it
will not happen so you want to say in
European tournaments include competition
using the area we will use it sooner or
later for sure it's not sure how when
this will calm your body Zack needs to
happen for you if it to implement it
into the channel technically we have to
find a provider we have to educate the
referees because we have we don't have a
tournament we have a competition that
goes all around Europe we have referees
from all around Europe and 80% on to the
area so this is one technically but from
the other point of view we have two now
two
making analysis after the World Cup and
see what is unclear and proposed some
proposals maybe two - it's too soon to
say we need more more referees educated
- to do to have vowing the Champions
League then FIFA needs for one welcome
our right yeah so what you're saying it
is what you're saying that there are not
enough referees and not enough assistant
referees educated - to do the Champions
League for instance exactly but but it
can be done but not in a month not in
two months but it can be done and it
will be done but let's see the game is
constantly evolving we had periods where
we had extra assistant referees behind
the goal at one point now we're using
technology with var and probably needs
to evolve looking forward or the changes
you're already thinking about maybe we
can improve the game in that area or
another no no be fine I've ever so fast
that you can't even think about it
but we shouldn't forget it's a very
beautiful game
I like I like that answer but that your
first competition as UEFA president
would be the Euro 2020 and again this
has been decided before you became
president that this is going to be now
in 12 countries which I mean I like the
idea only for the reason that Denmark is
now part of this posting group of
countries but you have to qualify and
but then we still have to qualify so
that is different now but now so we can
have European Championship matches in
Copenhagen is it's a big thing for small
countries like they also live on the
other hand I've played enough European
Championships to understand the romance
and the excitement of going to one
country to to play a European champion
and we've seen it very very clearly here
in Russia what it means to be in one
place
what kind of excitement and atmosphere
it can it can create and bring the whole
country in on that now the next the next
one is 12 countries hosting I don't
think there's been a decision on on the
on the one in 2024 what's your position
in this is it a good idea with 12
countries or do you want to go back to
one let's say it's a different idea we
have some serious challenges we have
different countries we have different
currencies we have different legislation
we have visas issues somewhere and the
rest no distance issues that's one point
of view but the other point of view we
will bring Europe together it's
symbolically a very interesting thing to
bring Baku and Dublin st. Petersburg and
Bilbao
together and my team might be a
fantastic event might be the best event
ever but we will have much more work we
will have some problems probably
but in the future we are not planning to
do that again this is a 60th anniversary
of the euros so this is symbolically we
bring all the Europe together and I
think before we depart and you'll be
heading off I understand to watch
Belgium England the third fourth player
we'd be talking about really the
significance of this match it's what
it's like a coup against Cain is that
the most important thing that I know
that I think if you look at it
sportingly there's not really there's
not really much you've you've been
knocked out of the semi-final all you
want to do really as a player to go home
but there I ever suggested because I
know that's it debate with FIFA and and
UEFA if there is any kind of element in
there like we have in this game between
Belgium and England
it's Lukaku against Cain they want to
win the Golden Boot I think and for this
World Cup it should be down there in the
Red Square 1v1 ten minutes each side and
whoever scores the most goals in that
game win the Golden Boot and then
everybody would what do you think of
that I think it's a fantastic idea but
it should be UF as logo behind thank you
very much for thank you for coming and
thank you enlightening us and good luck
hope you enjoy the game and I hope both
teams go for it with you know some schwa
de vivre and with the spirit of football
that see lots of girls Lukaku
can make it an exciting finish to the
Golden Boot you have president Alexander
terrine guests
