my name is go self none of your bloody
business okay anyway every asian man
with a mustache has a story this is my
story I came to this country illegally
thanks France I blended in with the
tires and shit
that is my story I was raised by my
uncle mr. Iqbal Hussain to third he was
a great man he was coined he was caring
he had a heart of gold and he would
never ever hurt a fly
he was quite possibly the nicest man I
have ever met
I then killed him and took all his money
and open my own shop cold bubblegum ha
ha ha my uncle always told me to follow
my dreams and I know deep down he would
be proud
they say behind every great man there is
a woman but that's bullcrap man I also
have a daughter but with the help of
special antibiotics imported from royal
paintings she now has a moustache ha ha
why because no guys will try out on her
and second
deep down inside I always wanted a son
and this is my tip stick son I push him
to wear makeup because deep down inside
I always wanted a daughter this is one
of my workers rubbed on and I know what
you're thinking he has more hair on his
arm then Anil Kapoor is bum crack and
this is my other work and Osman he's so
dumb that when you say smile at the
camera he won't be able to find it this
is my world my life my hello daddy woman
ha
what you making today uh that uh that
looks like shit hmm doesn't matter you
like it pees on anyway maybe darling uh
I've been thinking you know you know
you've been saying how you've been so
stressed lately and you have been no
because hard for you as a bloody woman
you know I mean I wake up and then you
have to wake up as well and then you
have to go downstairs and then you have
to make the food for the breakfast you
know
it is hard for you and I feel this I
really do feel this so I basically I
decided to do something for you to you
know to make it less stressful okay this
one second let me show you okay
yeah Sony Bloggie bedroom think about it
that you don't have to go downstairs and
make the food cuz you're bloody
micro-business the kitchen already oh
you clever rap look you can look at
muddy clean your hands getting your
hands in the bloody bedroom the kitchen
is there in your bedroom
yeah if it gets really hot you could
just let look leave this open
but you bloody AC huh bloody AC I'm
bloody woman come anyone cry for it so
many kidding so credit rating don't they
try to for you daddy
she's sure things at home were perfect
ha ha but at work things got serious
boss Texas any cheater close what
okay as you know the test-score are also
selling their children's clothes so
basically what we need to do
yes come on of course my wife left me
what why didn't you tell Arthur so sorry
what happened basically she's a sickly
shut your mouth I don't care
you stupid shut hey first things first
now when you want to destroy a company
you have to go deep
yes very deep so basically what I need
you to do a service is a go to Tesco
outside Tesco and do a bloody shit okay
boss okay come on I need you to write a
letter of complaint yeah put the disco
what do you want me say save the store
manager and try to rape you please no in
the bubble no sir there's no way I do
this equal both the punch a sir is this
not idiot okay
okay go on there are 56 spelling
mistakes 50 56 come on I knows the worst
thing you know sir messing there are
only 32 bloody was the spelling is
rubbish no one yeah today I might as
well just close the shop and do YouTube
videos I will never like you stoop to
that level man I'll go on your bus what
in me it was on TV that's a bloody
rubbish idea rubbish so stupid a fan oh
hang on why don't be making a star for
TV yeah stop this is my idea what idea
have my ideas my idea for my wife want
to come back to live back with me only
if I go to see and I just right now
please can I for two minutes
yeah that's two minutes there you know
what no but you know what I need you to
do I need you to just stand in and do
nothing for two minutes
yeah stay there don't do anything two
minutes
my friend ready you are camouflage how
much do you charge what maybe if I learn
about lucky let me buy your mom for a
night about look man
pull track what are you doing Oh has it
been two minutes already
it's been two also oh okay sorry about
that goal what's your wife is it too
late it's too late okay you could be my
cameraman go congratulations
gratulations Amitabh Bachan ha ha ha how
are you Amitabh what do you mean who
this is
you know me okay you don't know me but I
run a small shop in put in here yeah
bubble gum is the bubble gum what do you
mean do we sell the rhythm why would you
cell phone is letting children shop
stupid little needle is thinking you
know you can star in an advert oh we
need a professional actor and you're
kind of wrong so maybe you can come to
the land and and do the filming without
payment or this shape you don't need
money
hello hello hello me guys me again ha ha
I think you accidentally hang down yeah
okay hello Amitabh Bachchan
yes who is me again yeah I think your
reception is really bad you know they
even have reception in India what do you
mean stop calling you
you stopped picking up mutagen
something's wrong with Lala
yes who's in trying to find the girl oh
my son I told my son that we need a hot
sexy woman Oh sexy girl do I'll do the
high back so hopefully he's going to
bring one oh it is Harry yes oh that's
my baby
I know it's my lady your bregma are you
angry
it's a baby man she never left keys to
open in the house like I'm joking I had
to break in you see this if I want him
to die fast you know me so die he needs
to die you're fake this gift can you
come here for a second yes thank you
excuse me are you RF along with yeah oh
okay and where you last month the
employee of the month in the curtain
heater desk oh yeah that's right yo okay
one second
hello and welcome to the bubble go there
all your dreams at once taxes to Scott
what what huh I need you go toilet what
wonderfully we ready
you bloody Sylve what's wrong give you
mine what's wrong just go just go take
it
hey wait hey do it outside disco outside
this bank you want this in a good idea
hello and welcome to the bubble gum with
all your dreams and wish why are you
looking at the bloody table you still
look at you you're bloody clutch hello
and welcome to the bubble gum where all
your dreams and we share think you're
clever you can still see that not it is
fun so many people in the world are
starving suffering and are helpless they
have no money food and God even have
clean water
look at this guy he is so poor he
brought and drank 2000 bottles of vodka
because he's broke there are so many
people who are boring me down but you're
not poor so come to the bubble gum and
bring all your money
yeah it's turgor that it's too good
they're going to put it on a starboard
once a three o'clock at night and no
picture or sound because they don't like
the picture and they don't like the
sound you know your opinion doesn't
count just you're lost man do some work
yeah yeah shut up this was really good
ready
