let me get straight to the point yet rah
I ain't said that four time now a lot of
people have been talking what the hell
happened to Hamza I heard he's dead
I heard he works in an animal farm
without animals I heard you as Papa
jackets and someone I've heard nothing
cause I'm deaf I heard he had a sex
change and now he is officially man he's
a man now
I know I know i disobeyed I just wanted
to say to the fans I'm sorry I even
spent three hours writing this poem
which I want to share with you to
express my feelings on how sorry I
really am
I'm sorry man that's it's finished it's
finished the best I can do really only
at three hours
I'd do a picture though it's a cow
breast feeding me kind of looks like
he's peeing in my mouth but actually
yeah
no actually it goes genuinely I would
like to apologize I know I disappeared
let me tell you something I miss you too
so I've made a plan step 1
I will never talk like this again step
t1e i will announce on Twitter the
release date
it's gonna be sick even though I'm done
nothing so far it's been busy in it
sleeping and stuff I do wake up as war
but then I go back to sleep because I'm
not why I'm awake step 3
I'm gonna stop poking like this again no
I'm joking but the biggest news of all I
will then go and perform at one of the
biggest biggest biggest how many
festivals in the whole wide world the
Edinburgh Fringe that's why I'm gonna
have an own show and from the 11th to
the 25th of August I'll be performing at
10:45 I think you'll never lose you
think it's down there
so please calm down show your support
personally some bloody jokes my son make
the jokes for you you say ha ha ha you
funny good job
so please man bring everyone and just
calm down because one day I will be the
best stand-up comedian in the world then
number four I will come back say you
dream be the new shows you get it this
your your duo's every day yeah I like
more every day but number 5
