I had comes Elias
but it's like having AIDS in your mouth
I auntie said that I should get my
tonsils removed I want my voice to
change now imagine if you like became
like that will squeaky and stuff I hate
like my spores anyway I mean imagine if
I went hospital and all the doctors were
Asian okay the bishop is now asleep we
can now open it and take his dogs
allowed or we can just drop two
paracetamol in his mouth and he will be
just fine right guys
bye hey couscous nah I remember the
first time away and I was born in it I
remember when my dad held me for the
first time
okay that's one I said whatever it's
like we can't do that us that's
impossible but even I think they know
everything but he didn't even let that
the doctor circumcise me you know he
said I don't wanna say I don't need no
bloody scissors just grab and pull this
is what the circumcised him is to me how
the war circumcised my side my auntie
she don't even like hospitals I ask like
for different reason in it once I went
to the hospital to get my my moustache
lizard and I broke the desert a lot of
people say that my moustache is very
powerful it's not that bad I just think
it's like cheap quality laser really I
don't never once when I was a kid I fell
down the stairs and broke my leg now if
I had to wait that yeah that he would
turn around and say something like my
trial
don't worry hands-on we're going to take
you to the hospital right now mate don't
worry Hamza I bloody love you that's
what I do I love you but you know what
my dad said I shut your bloody mouth you
got bloody spare like okay
don't bull crap my life go make me tea
yeah two sugars please are you being
serious
you know Hans I go right
make that one sugar please yeah back to
the situation several burbled and they
don't really take much apart form that
jewelry and stuff but for some reason my
dad's blaming me and he says that if I
don't contribute and give him at least
two and a half grand by the end of the
week he's gonna burn my One Direction
album I mean I mean drinks album like
okay that's what I meant to say but
first I had more important priorities
hey bad boy I'm gonna play some
superheroes like I'll be Batman you can
be Robin cuz he's crap how old are you
what's your point
but my sister wasn't down but I don't
really care cuz Robins gay in it but
anyway after four hours of playing
Batman by myself and after I broke my
mom's cable Hummer afford me he said he
was pregnant now I knew the right thing
to do was to convince him that he's not
because I'm a good person is this
dentist no lady
of course okay okay but we came to the
right place basically yeah you know my
man friend
why don't you keep doing this I'm just a
dentist and I'm just a man who knows the
man suspended so please help us
okay let's sit down Thank You chicken my
chicken half alright basically what we
need you to do is a take all your
clothes off and screw it need to do that
too
no need to do that at all what's a
fucking rat I think we need the word
outside bang bang us all okay and give
me two seconds I just need to know Jason
ha ha just kidding
I'll Lube right what are you doing I can
explain anything
Edward there is no way that you can
convince a fully grown man that he's
pregnant son the other most important
thing in my life you're gonna ruin his
life
I know look I am highly qualified
professional there was no way that would
even this
yeah it sounds gonna be gay I knew it no
chat man hi
are you sure whether something won't
definitely way to find out
I'm Labor pilot they leave the x-ray hey
I'm I'm going yet the next umbra
Jamaican bum Hey
and anyway I've always stayed focus you
know get back on track because if I
don't give my dad two-and-a-half friend
by the end of this week that he's
definitely gonna burn my one direction I
mean my Drake album for definite then
you ever work hard for this money he had
so basically I invited my uncle maybe
ask him I love working hard
hello bit up Greenland not when half
panties no problem beta but let me tell
you how I came to this country thirty
good story
they offer its fan to this country in
2001 and made a white friend and try to
marry his mom I got my first tattoo in
2002 I didn't know what to get so it
just says that I tried to make a
girlfriend in 2003 I hit the line man be
my mango chutney I also got attacked in
2003 I also went to hospital in 2003 I
also had seven stitches in 2003 I don't
really want to talk about 2003 I've
asked my bum man in 2004 for the hair on
a bed to a guy in Lourdes it was a lot
of bad there was a lot of lag but I
don't get where I am a Pakistani tall so
that's my cum partner in 2004 and again
went to hospital in 2004 it
like you I'll fetch a shower with a
bucket and you all set take a smile on
your oyster you call fresh but like a
full breakfast you all said wear shoes
no socks you you all sexy if you say
y'all you off like more head on your
chest in your head then then then you
all wanted to be a taxi driver in 2005
they say you need a cup
I said for why I was a Eason I immortal
in 2006 it was been naked underwater
doing the split I meet my own nipple in
2007 didn't tell my friend he said it
was heavy celebrated with the dogs now
with the freshest dogs out of 10 I would
give myself 11 was the best day of my
life in 2008 a girl ask for directions I
thought it was a day I saw a traffic
like decide to do it I always hold hands
with my guy mates marry polish women in
2009 interview me like I committed a
crime or you are you doing this for a
legal stay I said yes they deported me
the very next day my set is like me my
business let me paint baby does a touchy
freaky woman says three three my sweat
is like you my business like me a baby
doesn't that keep ready woman says gee I
will be back soon
Dubuffet I will be back soon don't you
usually hide and seek immigration won't
find me Return of the Jedi no I'm afraid
you are fetching you also you also say
you are searching you also she you are
fleshy you are fresh oh oh you finished
ya can have the money now no okay
let me just call immigration okay oh
yeah evil by blood but how many E's do
we have feel like that once a month or
something
the one thing that I don't really like
about a nose you have demons but hate
when people don't know how to help
properly and to free yeah that's a hog
wrap that's that that's an e hug and
people are you do that twice or two and
a half but to shake your hand about
what's wrong with you but how are you
from Russia
and if you have facial hair that only
means one thing no easy money for you
but my advice to you is that don't worry
about it just rub your little cousins
cause lat they get bear money bro see
all these aunties like trying to fit
into the shoe Alchemy's that they would
like three years ago you see I did the
love handles are popping out bro the
love handles are popping out it that she
sings slowly come to me rough I mean I
wonder come celebra know how aunties not
thinking fuck here's wool but there's a
way that love do you know I hate more
than anything have you see all these
packages on ebay on Green Street waving
the Pakistani flag promise heed its new
Pakistani Independence Day what has the
Pakistani flag what to do with Eid
promised Papa I go bring the buckram no
flags he don't make sense you know I'm
sorry remember last eat with your mother
you know I wanted to buy her something
that would sweep her off her feet
you know so I brought her a broom
to clean the house because the houses
are very dirty and the woman's job is to
clean Hoover is too expensive
really but for some reason she she got
upset I wanted to do something you know
to destruct her to get her her mind of
things I don't want my wife to be upset
so I decided to invite her mother for
dinner yeah I called her up I invited
her it took her coat I made the tender
of myself yeah then I punched it in the
face but you see this destruction you
know it it wasn't good because
technically now I've done you know two
things wrong what people say two wrongs
make a right but not really you know not
not a not really yeah you you back up
for this yeah you know we I know you
alright kiss kiss fuck yeah I ain't even
cool in her back you know then once
there so how much sure you does yeah Oh
two and a half grand man I didn't even
know where I can get that kind of money
before me your boy ruff you come and get
lost freaking him out good job sorry
about that man just came out prison in
it yeah I know how we could get the
money
and this
yeah he's mine
this was a stupid idea Ravi only Cornett
stabbed a couple of times a night oh it
wasn't it wasn't the best idea
true why don't we rub a trap
Robert the Tramp had two and a half
grand he wouldn't be a tramp yeah sure I
feel my muscles cuz I went to once in it
what at one time in it just one tiny
booster right over Hannah let's go look
choppy Cole our key take off Meriden
Devon abolish all la la la you want a
personal quest what scuse me what is
that
chill man Sonny a that looks good fuck
this definitely look bad
hello ba okay that's not a problem maybe
as Asian should go watch a little movie
you know on DVD you know my favorite one
missing boy that sounds good but you're
Asian
what would you say for the elevation bro
you know he noise then I tried to Jack
that go for money
she look like she was rich in it well
that could have gone better but then
Jesse gave me someone's number who could
potentially give me some money if I'm
ever gonna watch best buddy that tena
hello family telling you jointing better
bail you sick
look look up her fucking truck one gonna
spill on Princess Jasmine
oh my lord I see what you're saying bah
she's a legend sting in it so you can't
really final I can show you the little
bit won't the hood because my virgin
Peckham bricks fell over oh no ghetto on
you girl yeah Oh should probably take
the fence about this is what I'm saying
you're my babe let me know yeah I'm okay
I just want magic carpet so he's gonna
marry cuz you feel me is book it doesn't
fly whatever free you also get technical
I'm uncle coffee right boy engineer him
fly
Oh private Nam oh wow your screw free so
much okay
hey what's going on man nice to see you
I don't love me okay hey you're right
yeah yeah what's up uh Kenny trouble but
anyway house family like this ain't fun
yeah
none of that chitchat take this in a
month remember ma that's 28 days yeah
turning on sometimes sometimes but
sometimes it's 100 it depends on the
month I get in a hundred days yeah I
want double back cool Hannah yeah okay
thank you stop looking slugs foot man's
blood sweat man that's right thank you
dude just go hug him just go okay thanks
you don't even get this money man I
don't understand the mystery funny is
that Jose yeah it wasn't one up on this
guy bad man ah
ah ah yeah I'm bad man
yeah
when I saw stop its tidy
sign her up yeah tyro soft yes
say something they take my shoes for him
you know what I'm not having this
nah and you know what I'm gonna show
these people that they should never mess
with me
lucky punch man get there okay basically
a look no say no no how would I decide
there wasn't I know it was real nothing
to do around it would be got lucky that
I would be cool
the jump step in here and z11 I guess
I'll still get oh yes - lhasa 100k they
stood up remover gonna get green
triangle but you seen that movie that's
a good movie you see them hooked up a
bar to stick a nozzle
well to what you coming down tonight
yeah we coming down wait crazy
compensation bonus with some art my back
feeling or wasting my back to your knees
chicks beheaded a nigger on top when I'm
out to be the upcoming Honami la I spank
it in the money load I wanna in that
SMAP kind of music this is Bollywood
dubstep yo it's happening even aside man
look in this happy end in a rhythm a
rockin it
over there over there nope you don't
when they get madder I was like oh go
back Avenger I'll cut up your whole crew
I'm standing still
ruin a snow race which was me chasing
him or D completely go away and after
everything that's happened in my life I
was a breaking point
have you ever felt that the world is
going against you have you ever felt
frustrated confused have you ever felt
that you are the noseprint of your life
you feel so many emotions you're angry
weak bitter lonely betray unloved
depressed have you ever thought that
life wasn't worth living
so if you feel that your world is
crashing down my best advice to you is
just have a little bit of faith and
remember it says that God does not
burden the soul beyond that a can bear
so no matter how you feel no matter how
low you are just remember you've got to
have a little bit of faith inshallah
