let me get straight to the point yet as
you know like die over Batman 2.3 is
supposed to come out black first of
October have you noticed that I said
supposed to so it's putting in it and
like there was nightmare orphans in the
building and I was on fire and I had to
go and save them and one of them was in
in a cupboard and he was that oh I'm
only coming out if to point free gets
delayed and I mean I can't do that to my
friends but I had to say the often
they're basically the new Pro and then a
thief is out
you can't believe me man I've been
preoccupied like scoring goals and
stopping I was meaning to do it is just
does they all go in it I don't even
worry about it cuz like they were by my
like two point three it's practically
finished yeah I can I'm pretty sure
someone put some subtitles at the bottom
staying the fact that I like um yeah I
need short one see it's probably gonna
come out like on the 19th of October
yeah you can't hear me cuz cause it's a
camera not seriously the reason why it's
postponed is because I had to Elias I
was at for like 10 12 days and that's
why I'm behind and I'm really sorry
about I'm working hard and inshallah it
will come on the 19th of October
apologize to anyone that's upset by it's
coming it's gonna be boom and get this
nice not only am I gonna release bad
Mans on a regular basis but man is
releasing two new shows on my channel
soon I can't say much
TV shows coming soon in the next couple
of months or my channel so you'll be
getting the video like practically every
two weeks a month so breath sound
forgiving yet okay maybe you know I
subscribe to my channel because you're
not I've been listening to a lot of
youtubers lately and at the end they
like subscribe to my channel and I never
say that
so can you subscribe to my channel yes
the Angora channel D channel and then
subscribe to my channel yeah you can
scrape you can subscribe to your channel
too now I don't care make sure you
follow me on to that people twelve-foot
of me let's polka me one you know I'm
gonna bro so I like my man
on your iPhone then obviously you have
seven deaths and your life is confusing
and also eats coming up so if you want
to get a hat or a fat man jump or even a
Batman t-shirt go on the website it
should be down at the description
somebody down there in it are you
probably thinking like oh I see this is
like this the first tee shirt he wore
his first Batman videos two and half
years ago you see I need to make money
if we kind of go out even for weddings
always this shirt because cuz I'm
pulling it right no really that's a lie
- I'm I had a headache like now I have a
headache because anymore
