let me get straight to the point here
Batman's back haha thank you guys it
should be yeah booyah
now I know I need to start this show off
with a bang
so here goes nothing actually that's
finally disturbing
wanna see a picture of my black friend
at night actually this kind of racist
let's talk about life try out will now I
ask you a question what do you want to
be when you grow up to be honest I don't
care but when I was young I didn't know
what I wanted to be I even asked my dad
I was like a bougie what do you want me
to be when I grow up you know he said I
want you dead I even asked my uncle what
he wanted to be when he grew up alums
are to be honest uh I wanted to be a
woman followed by the one sided pedo
smile I even asked my cousin don't worry
about that comes up you want to go
paintballing with me Oh baby come to my
house and do some ball painting followed
by the one sided pedo stach kinky ones
in the family
I'm here either smart at the age of
seven success and remember that my mom
always wanted to kill and I had a tiny
feeling that she was in denial that I
was a boy I know maybe it was just the
way she dressed me she still makes me
wear a bra okay
ah but we had great memories I remember
my first birthday she didn't do anything
for me
he just threw me against the ship I
remember when I was naughty
I'm a mom threw me at the house actually
threw me at the house I remember when
she showed me how to be cool I remember
when she used to take me out for long
walks
oh yes I even remember the small things
like when my mom used to let me change a
channel I mean my mom does love me she
hugged me yesterday more of a headlock
really
I remember at nursery when all my
whiteboard friends would brag about
their bedrooms and their cots and their
expensive toys my bedroom was nice too
it's really dark I wonder how long this
measuring tape is let me measure it you
have wix's where is human eye can see
you know that pieces problem in some
proper you know I don't know what to do
I'll be kicked out of my house I'm
always peaceful money oh my gosh bro I
need your help that would be in time for
time in hand
are we doing sorry buddy why are you
talking so you get in and out times I
was destructed in and I was on my own
you have an iphone sound app in it
69p my advertising what we talked about
why would I advertise my balance on
Abaddon sponsored by this is fun
but all the fit people get married the
sacrum the fake
thank you for complimenting my hoodie oh
yeah really nice hoodie thank you for
complimenting my hoodie you you can get
all the Batman merchandise from
w-w-w dot thumbs up
- reductions doctor ok where you can get
great quality with low low prices
Oh you can even buy gold can't rock it
gold is just clothes oh it's just
clothes yeah well that was unplanned so
what do you want can i spare yours
yeah please brough come on man but my
mom is not gonna let some random
Nigerian Alberto stay in my house
I'll go get up okay so you can sleep in
my bed and I'll sleep on the floor the
floors nice here prof call me play
Scrabble I'm on deck yeah naked no that
was rich I'd buy a human slave and he
would play Scrabble with me naked nasty
boy I was rich yes
I'd buy money shit
huh I'm gonna buy peak or should I buy
ice core should I buy Revo if I was rich
I doubt great from a teepee smell can I
get free piece new books I'm not new 9
family new I don't eat no family I know
under where's my wings black back he'll
come back if I was rich I'd wanna buy
one that better get my diamond Accord I
think I'm a girl inside HMV to purchase
The Lion King
I love Simba Bunsen ball middle single
by a toe teenage Ninja love my name's I
break my name draw till I am toasted
ninja nigga s the wall he wrote me wrong
after war here's the richest actor who's
the richest at the ball they rock mirror
on the wall mirror mirror on the wall
you rub me rough pass those rule if I
was rich I never buy Oh mom and now PI
goes back so I have two moms and I have
two stats then I sell my mum and dad so
I can say be with the best parents I've
ever had find out you'll even abide by
my daughter try begging it by saying if
you're my brother we are no Grunk used
esta true but you can never come
underneath my umbrella and that fella
you can be on up it's fine cuz my looks
Chris come on it's brown I'll buy your
smile she's control if froze Richard I'm
your donor by a black kid like I'm a
donor who's in my hand like I'm Arizona
it's kind of gay you're gonna drop me
bro don't fool me vote me raw after war
here's the richest ever who's the
richest actor fall they Rock neighbor
ain't no fool you vote me wrong as the
rule you want me rough pass the war I
was late hey Mira by the hair on my
hotties back
I'll ring on a cone and buy some blood a
to refurbish less buns face I'm a gonna
buy some more black town studies rupees
pounds dollars the peas pounds the
little things that just bullshit say who
it's me pounds door let's repeat pound
scoreless rupees pounds bonus rupees
plus bond now freeze Wow know that I'd
be running for the money I'm on this
wanna be shopping away clothes not
launder something chilly winning the van
on my accomplice getting the rhythm no
wonder we can be accomplished getting
the money I'm a veteran I'm granny and I
really do nothing that I'd be standing
for any cheap talk pay roughly getting a
little muddy
I blow like a bomb B detonating buddy
black cloud you rock me bro
give up never give up never give up
never give up give up
then I had to tell my mom some important
news
I mean I just bought it I mean hey Mort
a sob either all daro mutt me to marry
mark a credit card who ever goose
make way German Menjivar AHA son oh you
betcha
Mooji a Tau to Marimar book horrible
mera saath okay my orders crap just take
me
we belong together hi sir excuse me sir
I'm bloody sexy grow up man how much
want to speak back 500 can I pay by card
yeah okay good deal man fight what
bloody put your in oversight Authority
what the hell could a pin number be well
she is Pakistani one two three four hey
look wait you want to see my brady's -
no
you
he was obviously on drugs so I left but
then I was bored so I bought another bag
this with a bloody doorman
that's not blood in my problem I went to
my auntie's house here and like I asked
her if she's ever stolen anything in her
life you know what she said but the only
thing that I've stolen is the hearts of
young good-looking men why I bet you
steal a nose trimmer Frank's leaky fall
bathing your nose back with Gandhi and
stuff then me and my aunty were
reminiscing about my childhood we were
going through all the baby photo albums
and I came across this picture I was
about four years old and it was a
picture of me and my cousins in a forest
at night in a puddle holding sticks make
it breath who took that fall are we even
in that scenario and my auntie's like oh
that was my idea
here's an idea prison why do all Asian
parents take pictures of their children
naked I'm sorry take your clothes off I
want to take a picture haven't you know
is that all Asian baby falls all the
same you naked in a bubble bath with an
end
Russians are too if you work in curries
in the camera Department and an Asian
woman comes up to you and says hi
basically I love to take pictures of my
nephews and nieces in the forest bacod
what camera would you recommend Peggy
punch him in the face let me tell you
something a few parents why did you
dress your kids like fresh example one
brough why does it look like a rainbow
is just on a patio my bloody face and
put that hell am I wearing gold gold by
look like Goldust example number two
invest me as a sailor a freaking sailor
back even my dear friend says welcome so
that's really gay I know I mean it just
your son a sailor
don't you want bad kids then I asked my
auntie why doesn't my mama love me you
know what she said
would you may put up with that but you
need to illustrate to these beautiful
women guess that cancels you out then
various hey no no no no explaining don't
do it don't ever interrupt me again then
I'm doing nothing I know you made a list
with all our names on it and paid a
police officer to give us all bum checks
my bum is bleeding yard if he helps guys
my name was on the list too ok but
seriously where are you getting all this
money from second macro you could take a
mini coca be near Laguna Maura muster
flags ha ha ha
we are Asian we do understand what
you're saying
even though put the Camino pop
especially the good takamina pop we
still understand he slapped you hmm oh
my god he just got your tentacles rah
rah what you come on Elvis rah rah
you know who I am Do You Know Who I am
for Batman nah bro Superman come on what
what what remember fighting solves
nothing
I love handbags this is a picture my
uncle naked hey you won because of his
dumb piece of paper when I'm found I
stole her credit card I hate people but
you know what surprisingly she wasn't
that angry ah let's face it my mom and I
we just don't get along
I mean I've tried everyone gone to my
dad for help I buy it because the women
they're weak you know 70 80 years they
die man we don't die no no no we we go
to sleep I mean think about it here why
do you think that Catwoman the movie is
strong because she's bloody woman I mean
if it was kept man everyone please say
yeah I want to see the cat man is this
movie I have to see I have to see this
movie because the man is cat but
Catwoman no other words you see the
bloody cat and know the bloody woman
remain shut even have names they should
just be numbered excuse me number 52
food and I predict you sure that that ml
is a woman have you seen my just United
match
you know what she's holding this token
Santa bloody food in the Kapila remember
this one story comes up when I shoot
this person in the fence look I shoot I
shoot this bastard in the fest because
she's bragging woman no faster are you
shaking woman bro she bloody died this I
knew my story you know it's really yeah
it's the end wasn't my story does this
finish Swedish now story the moral of
the story is you you are a woman so I
shoot to your face yeah
you
you must be fully from school even
follow the next day my ugly friends
forced me to apologize to stealing I was
wrong and I realized this you do not
have the right to take something that
doesn't belong to you but you have the
right to take what God has given you
shut up look better I know that I'm not
the best mother in the world
and I'm human and I make mistakes too
but all that matters is that I want you
to know I love you very much
I don't you tell me wow I never had many
moments with my mom like that but I
definitely cherish it forever
so before me and my friends go out I
decided to go out and get my mom some
flowers
you
what the hell man I'll just be fun
watch my mom's meters away whoa man whoa
but I got you flowers but I don't fight
with the dog you know I kind of lost
yeah sorry my bad hey hey
Hamza come with me for a second okay Kim
I'm sorry by damaging hazy and 50,000
okay
you
you
you
you
