ninja why are you not doing here what
are you talking about y'all
we've been for the last three hours yeah
fool
wait yeah you said you were gonna go
downstairs to get your mail oh yeah
hey guys yeah i just ate my mom's I know
go be in it and be a confusing I'm baked
on food what's that - shaimaa maybe
maybe it's um I love now grumpy Andre oh
yeah oh I love you Andre
mystery you skill oh when I get close to
you
bleh still only what the hell is elect
eons oh it's the elections for the mayor
of London yeah ah bang Batman what's the
point
so like one vote makes a difference
anyway well actually if everyone thought
like that then no one would vote and the
scene would be a shambles
don't you dare say the word troubles in
my house again
hmm magic give me that you know what
it's kind of all play because if no one
votes then yes president musharraf
what is that
Ruby III had a cat named Musharraf I
loved him so much so so much but he's
dead cause of the fire
make it stop Bhavani now bad neva neva
be back and super a father's green party
right party they don't win crack don't
like vegetarians Oh
but he looks like he kidnaps people huh
Boris Johnson I don't like him because
he looked like a pakora yeah I agree
call me pray for is here yeah I don't
like boys here when the Tories took away
the EMA what yeah
you mean this mice man is responsible
for taking away your mom yeah
let me just straight to the point yeah
now I know what you're thinking I don't
want to hear Holmes will talk about
politics I rather watch Star Trek naked
oh you do that I gotta do this now
usually I don't like politicians you all
ugly and dumb but you know what I've
been doing my research and I really
don't have boys but he said some really
negative things about Muslims he never
engages with the Muslim community where
I scan does a lot of people don't know
this but for a short period of time I
used to help her an Islamic school and
at the Islamic school Ken Livingstone
came twice after that I respected him a
lot more you see the difference between
Boris and Ken is that Boris looks like
for the rich people but Ken he looks
like for the community Boris and his
party made major cuts on EMA and all
they concentrated on was lowering the
rich person's tax whereas Ken
Livingstone apparently he's gonna bring
back EMA which will give people in sixth
form and in college 30 to 35 pound a
week and to help the local community who
are obviously suffering from this
financial trail Pro X's when I remember
back in the day I used to get on the bus
black pound now I went to the bus you
know ease it to me 50 pound please what
you want me to remortgage my house or is
put everything up if you want less
people to drive cars then why are you
putting public transport fares up it'll
make sense in how many times I woke in
the rain because of this guy knowing
Boris if he gets reelected the feds will
probably go up even more and then
everyone will be busting out with
bicycles by my suppose my but Ken has
promised and vowed to cut face and the
average person will save one grant in
the next four years I don't get by a
religion Pakistan Farrow grand you know
what yeah bundle man
but if I was elected but if I was
elected free chocolate ham free
chocolate for him that's all I got
all I'm saying is please vote because
voting is so important one vote can make
the difference one vote can make the
change by voting you're having your say
and you're contributing to the future so
whoever you are
do your research see you like and make
sure you vote on the 3rd of May for the
London mayor I'm not here to tell you to
vote for I'm just saying do your market
research and make sure you vote for Ken
Livingstone who said that
