let me get straight to the point yeah
now I know what you're thinking oh my
god is fine run a it's finally out hmm
actually no Bethenny just to run the
video sorry it's coming soon in a like
it's like I've been distracted or
nothing like that you know mean an
average man and you know what I haven't
even slept I haven't ever eaten or
anything like that no I have no I you
know it's on my to-do list it's gonna
come soon
anyhoo basically I just wanted to make a
random video to say thank you thank you
to everyone to all the love to all the
support that I've been getting from the
loyal fans I really appreciate you know
what legends are spread out legends
without you look I'd be nothing so I
wanted to make a personal video to say
thank you and also most importantly I
wanted to say thank you to Allah God
because you know what he has given me
this opportunity to make so many people
love so many people smell at the same
time to make people think and I
appreciate that
daddy's getting emotional I think it's
the type of the button it oh yeah black
I'm doing bookings up price way down any
inquiries just email me iPad my booking
I want no no just UK cuz I'm broke in it
I need money bro from we are so broke we
don't even have central heating
my dad you're supposed to cook Iran for
five minutes next wanna make a
difference Barry so brought down my mom
recycled her tea bags now swear down and
this food prices rising dramatically I
think would have to find alternative
haha I lead racing let me know that yeah
yeah oh and get your stalking skills on
and follow me on Twitter and also on
Facebook even though it's false
advertisement because it's not a book
about face
oh and legends make sure you make a
youtube account and subscribe to my
channel please man I only got seventy
thousand for all those people who try to
try to be me all those fake people who
trying to make fake account bad
seriously on the level be yourself
seriously man be proud of who you are
even if you are ugly
oh the biggest news ever hey ready for
this I'm going on my first all-black
yes the first ever UK Muslim Comedy Tour
but it's gonna be bomb London Birmingham
Bradford Manchester I'm not gonna have
performers like Hamza that's me
aka diarrhea bad man we got pimps Abdi
we've gotten a bill I can't pronounce
the second part of that name Jeff Mirza
Nazim Ali MJ and I would say many more
Bank ratio that's it so bedrooms please
book now on the hotline or if you ain't
got credit just go on the website
brap please let Jules come please and
legends one more thing always believe in
yourself don't let other people bring
you down and just realize that dreams
can come true you just gotta work hard
and believe in yourself just believe in
yourself nights just believe in yourself
and think of it like this nothing in
this world is impossible you should
think I know what person I want to
become and I'm possible Brett
