that's when you have to celebrate now
I'm not gonna now could be bothered to
find my hat thing is downstairs but I
wanna go there really it's too much
commitment and you know I don't have to
commit by the 20th episode hey maybe
things are changing under no II 400,000
subscribers guys so close to a million
Bradford the by close but it's okay I'm
so famous mommy but I went to the shop
the other day you know what happened
nothing but I am famous because today is
a special day I basically asked my mom
if my friend can come over any me I
still need to ask for permission and she
replied with that super cool every mom
standard line ask your dad when
translating it actually means ask your
dad so that's not dad and he would like
as long as you do your homework first
kind of finish school like 10 years ago
kinda shows how weak our relationship is
do you even know my name
and I could tell you forgot my name by
his reply I was the best
so my friend came over and he was like I
was a new FIFA 18 and I was like
broccoli came on September why are you
referring to as new so we went upstairs
we start playing before and then it came
to me I should make a video about
annoying things that boys do or girls
when playing fifa I think all of us can
relate this is cancelling out the female
audience then and well and he's a pony
keep it balanced in it what is that by
the way there's a guy sitting on you I
wish I could share girls you don't even
look like why would you take a picture
oh it if I could shy even though one
such a picture isn't Ricky nothing maybe
that's her dad I don't know maybe he
gave birth to his door why did she even
agreed to take this picture knows it's
your boyfriend turns around and says hey
let's take a picture here where I do
close-up of me and you it looks like it
looks like that I knew shit and you are
the shit let me go chase the buns
mr. Pro but this is people not pro what
you wanna trade it to the pro bono move
on that's like having an escort
Rita and now I'm being Rebecca and I'm
like change your clothes so you could
look Larry talk no but she walks you in
the teeth burn and what kind of
disability stops you from doing yourself
why do I have to change the buttons well
don't act like you've never pretty
PlayStation before but be yourself man
you know those people who take things
way too seriously and wing is their own
control bats take Yukari stay in control
pad out on the house and why don't you
control back stick let you bitten shit
where do you play playstation on a farm
and then you have the people who take
those celebrations way too far but I
would do the exact same thing at your
funeral
let's see how you like it Tony you know
those people who guess the thing when
they like circus sure yeah but you take
this a billion times never played this
game before last night she was not
trying that you were playing it last
night
calm your life then you have those fool
losses that took off away you know when
you're smashing it up and you're
trending in double digits but they can't
deal with the embarrassment in the shame
and I'm like that's why you've been
divorced two times you give up way too
easily cause and at least let me finish
the game so I can bully you and the way
they just leave the room and you'll
never see him again even though he's one
of your closest friends and every
argument with your friends or who's
player one I'm here one
I'm okay I wanna get my B player wanted
to know even that deep that you have the
guy that keeps moving around and I'm
never ever what's wrong with you are you
possessed do you have a demonic street
dancer inside of you have you got
physical Tourette's especially those
people who play racing games at this
rom-com your life and then you have
those certain bands that he pauses the
game are you pausing it hey babe yeah I
miss you too
I'm just working with hey Tom ECT and
especially when they go to let more than
twice I'm like well what's wrong with
your better this is a four minute each
half game how can you piss five times in
less than eight minutes but you need to
drop top or just release communicate
with your willy
oh really I know you've been feeling
Hahnville lately and I just I just
thought maybe we should talk about it I
know you're angry at me because you know
don't use a little much but I do wish
you will pony changing his formation
you're losing eight news we're on the
87th minute what kind of Hope do you
have there's more chance of Donald Trump
giving a football barking moss then you
turn it around and just ding mine goals
in the space of three minutes that's
maybe three real minutes let's leave me
four minutes I with the two losers don't
always have excuses I have you ever
heard you boys say dislike this control
Pesci look how sweaty C describes know
what then you should pay with this C
minute that's why I'm I'm not winning
you only win because you can't bear view
of the TV
poor lines length oh my boys don't work
guys my bonds is not working I'm
pressing the button and it's not the
lights not even on but those guys always
keep asking for a Rhema
about one six times in a row you have
never beaten me in your life every day
what do you want to leave you've lost
more times to me then Tim Henman in
tennis and he's brother Shane no feds
Tim if you watch this probably don't
watch it actually you know people watch
this you know Tony and then you have
those people blaming the players mrs.
Hirsch in this you're the one playing
the game it's not him in his ability
blame your demented stand up when
they're taking a Faroese run while
you're standing on it sit down and stop
hiding your bones let your a cash point
your no typing in your PIN you're either
gonna press left alright just go even
that beat and plus if you haven't
tripped my night parity out make sure
you pick I think the league might be
down below and now it's a thought other
day if the words that you spoke appeared
on your skin then would you still be
beautiful that's pretty deep whenever
you get angry or he able upset watch
what you say backbiting can bite you
back have patience and speak about
people the way you want them to speak
about you let me I just made up I don't
know even made sense I'll just find out
enjoy my face I know you're gonna take
this
pony
