let me get straight to the point yeah
the scene was said I was there in the
living room I was ready did my ice cream
pop I'm a spoon crap I was about to
watch Carla Swan on DVD pirate in it
like bigger Chinese people's they're
hustling rugby hustling
I know what happens let's Korean it but
I do i do Asian parents always do that
why does it put curry in ice cream boxes
bag it's a steel box there's supposed to
be ice cream in the ice cream box like
the day before when I was in my dad here
you can't text message crap do you know
what he does hello what are you talking
this is some kind of sick joke Iran are
you afraid of me rap it's a text message
but what's wrong with you man
provide that old then will you boomer
have something busy come on man it's
because they're brainwashed brainwashed
you're asking me how are they brainwash
flag I tell you
Indian dramas and body with movies have
you ever wasted 25 minutes of your life
watching an Indian drama black and
what's up with the sound effects every
time someone will say something bad
they'll be found in the background by
criminal like the funding yet abruptly
it's 2 o'clock in the afternoon and
you're outside and the sun is shining
why is this on the rap let this is the
Indian drama about suede and this is the
Indian drama and every single episode
who had the most annoying cliffhanger
ending you ever see in your life and
then in the end when I look at my mom
and my dad their reactions but I see my
dad on the children what the hell
fit a move but is this for us bloody
hell bloody hell everybody watching
scrap what that's what I'm saying to you
guys why are you watching this crap and
then I say I walk into the living room
and they're watching episode 2 what the
hell man was your life bro where's your
life and Bollywood movies bed they're
even worse Brad I watched my first
Bollywood movie at the age of 14 that
movie finished when I was 15 breath once
I went out with this quit the year and
and I said what form you want to watch I
want to watch it relevantly Shan
however so we went to watch your body
with me breath movie was so long there
was actually an interval who needs a
break
watching a movie blend when I Brobee you
want to get religious brother watching
Indian movie by the end of it you will
have a bid and a half once my fat aunty
she found it she tried to convince me
that Indian movies are realistic so I
sat next to the beast and we started
watching this Indian food I'm not even I
like I had a tingling sensation in my
mom still I was feeling about I felt the
emotions and I was like here bro I can
relate to this this is real real life
brother
that makes them in everyone's dancing
why you don't seem but your dad just
died five minutes ago and waited all the
backstage stones come from mental
institution what coincidentally there
was like an audition for Indian x-factor
and they will come and look hey guys hey
look there's a couple there and they're
about to sing a song and coincidentally
they all know the words and
coincidentally be you're all dressed in
color coordination why don't you do it
why don't we just doing it well don't
you ever notice that they deliberately
choose I'll be backstage dances just to
make the hero and heroine labelled some
of them are so bleak and ugly I suede
out those type of people you'll find in
the village that riding a cow naked
while eating soap and now all the female
backstage dances away let don't you
twisted I love white people white people
are cool but it's just weird in it
because it's Indian everyone's white and
then I found he tried to justify the
song tighten around and say Moo people
do just in love then happy okay let's
say they're just a messed up couple that
sing songs when they're happy okay why
would they climb a mountain in the
middle of nowhere in India and start
singing a song with those hundred
backstage dances ooh lalala this was an
easy mountain to climb in the next
minute they're in Holland once I saw
this film and it was a guy and then he
was the hero and he had a stick and he
walked into this room and there was
fifty people with a case obviously made
by a top leading brand like Panasonic he
won I mean every time they try to shoot
him they always miss they have an a K
and but he's not even running brother
he's like walking fast and his throne
missing my my my you look cross-eyed and
the worst move and then Indian song is
when they're about to kiss each other
and then they
move away cuz they realize it's Haram
it's wrong that it's wrong you're not
even married in your lats and kiss
what's wrong there are you done right
are you dizzy after a while I find in my
room in it and I got too much so I
decided to go for a walk
there's something you should know the
hell sorry the lightning basically
but seriously your lips are moving
Boehner saying anything it's confusing
sorry nervous my back my back chill
chill
I don't basically Bravo me rush your
mail Oh Maria we took his burger but
afterwards he came to us and he begged
for that burger back and in return he
would lead us to you
boomer send you up but I didn't know you
were gonna get stabbed and for that I am
so sorry bro after the shocking news
about manboobs I decided to forget bye
and I wanted to make a new friend that
must be fully fantastical Emily making
them a roll roll monkey you're not a
Jehovah's Witness are you black do I
look like a drop of a witness let his be
15 minutes and you haven't said a word
I'm sorry what the hell man is a find
like this a fun I'm sorry I'm sorry
uh can I get you a drink babbling I'm
not firsty but a dream I just want to
get you any more first eat man I'm not
fresh so just where's your drink go
outside you get some BB piss but check
it out so yeah met outside um but what
are we to stay in not mints camera your
house kind of smells like crap oh man
what's wrong with you
don't hate oh yeah what do we do then
haha now that ain't it
I'm saying nobody void a living there's
no way in the hell what for oh yeah
you're dead mate this is kind of
Oh show you max do you want to make a
southern yeah how's that cold did we
burn sannen mostly the nitrogen do you
want to see my dogs so gets a crack any
worse yellow look it'll be my friend in
Chile oh yeah they'll be great but the
thing is that can't go now cuz like AB
sitting I'm I'm shopping in it hasn't
your mom got legs stop being on just
coming you know what yeah she does have
legs
yeah play Oh calm down my bladders you
know I just wanna say and you'd like an
open arm chillin meet your top okay on a
bland or not man that's what you did I
fuckin told you shut up here to shut up
see my fence fence fence you can invite
we've got it babe you're not - I'm not
no no no no it is not again who's next
new recruit I see legends we don't want
a DVD
oh you're a funny one aren't you blood I
don't speak Chinese
look son I'm watching you as you wear
lads
glad I just fetch Italy what is he gonna
do gun yeah that's what I thought that's
what I thought
think you know I didn't you know hit the
second time slowly come on man what's
going on I'm I subscribe we get back for
you kill but I don't what I know now I
must like it
I don't know spiel act like it I don't
shine no I cooperate 7 a.m. waking up in
the morning gotta be fresh gotta go
downstairs
Tommy's going tickin on and on
everybody's rushin gotta get down to the
bus
gotta catch my bus I see my friend
but I make my mind up boy
and I
it's
and Friday
banging Friday
yeah sweetheart be Rebecca Black so
chillin in the front tonight later see
actually driving cruising has Lane
switchin lanes with a car my side
it was just a hallucination wait why are
you jacking man alone he was supposed to
go shopping with me fool just for that
you grounded for a week
I then decided to teach my only friend
had to do the moonwalk but then I what
text message
it was zippy he said call me go canopy I
was grounded should I found you focus
yeah boy a man understand I'm not a bad
boy I'm a bloodbath
if you had to keep your back nice if you
took the old up you do like fuck man man
problems in my coming is one but loving
me at the age of 100 breakfast are you
button copy who she with you it's gum
steep in Tesco feed me in it oh you look
laughing I tell you Tuffy Oh lol you're
gonna headbutt me I can tell right you
spit I'm a pain you say oh well if I
wish that you would sell to me like you
want your mommy I that woman from
trapeze help this is serious
maybe she just have spickens gonna be
lucky can I get me Madigan sketch but
seriously bludgers and I hate you is
complaining you always mode saying the
same thing while your boys on the phone
boys on the phone cause guy who prints
fuck off you're old and your friends up
dead friends that day lol good Thomas
food contractions in my dog inside how
came this is sniffing your mom
Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham I will deny yo
my son's for like that like I - you see
I stopped eating at the point of one I
never loved you you are ready under my
shoe people say here is who's your son
I'm like come son who I brought you is
of this line
a few days just like in bison giving you
nightmares letting go of your labor
across any more details like spider-man
you like Jackie Chan oh not the Batman
universe man I'd work my mind uncle Stan
understand this my job or my husband
time you season everybody music sushi
clubbing I'm a loser you a damn good
Khushi Kabhi come this is again than I
have one could be who she could become I
don't envy you must tell me who she
could become a new mom
I haven't spoken to my mom for three
days after the battle not because of
pride or arrogance but because of guilt
I wanted to have cool friends I just
wanted to be cool but my so-called cool
friends kept getting me in trouble and
disrespecting and disobeying your mom
bro that isn't cool in life you will
meet different people different
characters and different personalities
you will make friends some good some bad
some will go and some will forever stay
but remember to truly know the character
of a man look into the character of his
friends so see good company not bad
because bad company is trouble and
remember wisdom is not finding ways out
of trouble but wisdom is not to get
oneself in trouble in the first place
no comment
I'm really really sorry for everything
I've been really rude and I haven't
treated me really well recently I know
it doesn't mean much right now because
you're sleeping and you can't have
anything I wanted to say sorry I had
it's Mother's Day so I made you a card I
hope you like it but I'm a judge me my
spinning I love young men and I'm sorry
I review
you
Oh
