video I realized that I needed Vaseline
in my life
I think I needed an operation let's put
it this way if I was married or had to
do an ellipse the pink brush you would
get cop loves paint good teeth anyway
let's talk about that Anton that movie
made beer money bras and run this is
history and I'm not talking about that
history way you know you big job and
then see the fish market let them store
the next jobs and brown I swear not even
men win that's a stupid idea
I'm talking about that Pablo Escobar
rats eating my money kind of money so I
thought why don't I make another idea
for Marvel so get this instead of what
about the
Brown badger will be a hidden South Bay
cinemas in Luton will reopen rum even my
local mallanna will born Netflix and try
watch that thing for the first time ever
an all-asian led costs superhero movie
in DC are too busy making films by
Marvel I feel like I can see the light
that's definitely giving me some sort of
iation you know I'm the 20 years ago in
Pakistan when I was a baby
mathematically that all narrows it right
okay as a kid I used to be a superhero
really but the thing is I do what anyone
to recognize me comes up with the noble
cause and I always say let me guess you
were disguised no I was completely naked
here we go again a lot of people thought
I was poor because they could see a
hammer next to my legs little joke there
I think I can steal it you know you
still along with it so I used to go out
late at night naked but not completely
naked that would be stupid but I want a
hit man just like saruhan in Quail up
but she disguises your forehead exactly
they used to call me the nanda ninja
basically my job in the village was to
protect the sheep from hay from the only
farmers basically most of the uncles and
when I say most I mean old haven't used
to catch and look up funny farmers know
the sheep okay I don't get the story but
one day I caught all the ship and I
locked them all up in an ax in a hut and
the reason why I did this if so no one
could find the sheep and molest them
again and no one could find it except
for Suraj used to call him Suraj the
private I once saw him make love to a
rock for over an hour
I don't know why I was fearing for that
long and one night he found the sheep
and he
he molested all the Sheik what is the
point of this story don't have sex with
the shit
I don't know where I would be without a
vital piece of information such guidance
I don't even need to do the message at
the end there is no track see now I know
that Bollywood tried it and they don't
wanna get right but the only reason why
is because everyone in Bali was on crap
example and this is supposed to be like
the Sri Lankan spider-man but is what
the colour is fully wrong and I think
that every single doe watching this had
some random guy like this the biggest
work ever
my maths for Brixton I don't care he's
from Brixton I think that every girl can
relate to this you know a number and
you're like no I have men you know those
ones will you deliberately have a ring
on your wedding finger even though
you're not married you know even engaged
you don't even have a man and you think
that that ring is a repellent and you
try walk off and the guys still chasing
you like this
let me tell you something the dog smells
in this was what's so bad then it
actually made me question reality was
eating you don't believe in God
that's all I'm saying you don't believe
in God many tried to pick this fat cow
up in it I looked over the way he
struggles
he's feeling that and even pure eyes
then you see some guys son especially I
saw a woman in public like daytime and
everything because obviously that's what
criminals led to do they're like to be
cool in the act in broad daylight no
even on the table in the middle of a
road and the way the villains have sex
him really confused a crapper amoeba
like what they're trying to punch him
trying to give him a backhand I don't I
don't even know what they were trying to
do but they failed fully and the way he
blows this guy's and the way he grabs
this guys crotch
what is this newly going through and
then this made it even make sense why is
he moving in the air so slowly like that
no that's physically impossible and what
do you think they did after
why are you dancing and the people who
got saved are probably thinking wrong
these people are definitely on CBD and
I'm not gonna like the dancing made me
feel upset again and can we all give the
special effects team a raise because I
think they deserve it way everything
just looks so not true and the way
they're faded but it's not even
noticeable
you know it's mad and even the storyline
wicked like he was about to give guy
blows the guy break someone's Lully and
then starts dancing on a stage I mean
it's quite right it really in it but
back to my point my idea work brown bag
I can see it now when the mob will power
up is with good chakra to hold the hair
playing in the background first of all
he don't need like no metal see because
metals be expensive
there's no Asian superheroes I would
spend that kind of money on his drug you
just wear a loose shoe off amis you were
also with butter clippers and a Casio so
he will know how late he's turned up for
the crime scene and he would always be
chewing porn then he gets from his local
or on comms and dog and this will give
him super strength the strength of two
and a half polish builders to be exact
whenever he would ever be and he won't
be able to fly it but because he does
super part-time he could get to any
location a bit quicker you don't need a
cape he needs ways instead of a
spiderweb he would shoot out from his
wrists semia Captain America would have
a shield brown-bagging would have a
patellar lid it would also have a
built-in Kabaddi
which he won in his local Slough
community center anyone have a sidekick
you'd have a side chick and should be a
woody basically a girl that's not the
same ability does it that's a full-on
sidekicks and she would always know
where he is at all times because she's a
girl and she's insecure and she's put a
tracking device on his phone
his special weapons would be a curry
powder gun and you'd also have to keep
abreast you know one of those ones maybe
we'll just paralyze his victims with the
first alarm he wouldn't have a Batmobile
but he would have an enraged blue
Mercedes and his weakness wouldn't be
kryptonite it would be English brenna he
wouldn't live in Wakanda but he would
live in Whitechapel
in Lahore kabob house inside the men's
toilet and his name won't be Peter
Parker his name would be practiced Patel
he would have his own superhero team
they will all be his cousins from
I'll end and instead of the Avengers
they will be cold defenders and these
countries will be Alakazam Brown badges
catchphrase would be allowed and the
main villain wouldn't be Pharaohs it
will be sewage the pervert
so guys just like the Nike job expects
to see brown bedrock in the next seven
years and now if you follow me on
instagram you would realize that every
day I would have a fool of the day and I
think today's two of the day is a really
really good one so here we go when
you're up at the top your friends will
know who you are but when you're at the
bottom then you will know who your
friends are and if you agree liked this
video and I've lasted two weeks man
that's been two so please subscribe in
it but before I go out thinking about
night and I flew the night head when I
was that raw night didn't even cool man
but then again I don't think they quote
anyone who was brown and obviously
everyone knows how much I love Naik man
you have to educate these people one
more time know this
