yo gland bear people's the same changes
hey hi gun shot in consorting drum drum
we said hello hello hello what's going
on people obviously it's that time again
how to make something today it's going
to be very compliment a compliment
I know complex sorry begins with C still
very confusing in it these English words
it's all about the old dude open jobs
pick up bad people in the village
fingering goats now I'm stuck foolish
shouldn't say that but there's some
weird people in the village though
anyway so I'm not here cats stuck ruler
time 7 not today I'm not gonna lie like
I'm supposed to be going to a wedding
and I'm fully late right now so my dad's
in the shower so while he's in the
shower I'm just gonna do a quick one in
it still gonna be about 15 minutes but
it's gonna be complex and it's about
something that a lot of people drink
especially English people especially
Asian people tea now I don't drink tea
myself I'll be honest with you it's just
brown whew that's warm don't even make
sense but I'm gonna make a bob never
made tea before properly but today I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna show you my names
out there you know especially the young
kids when uncles are like oh you make
the best team Ron you make the best tea
and you don't even know who this uncle
is you've never seen him before in your
life so yeah I'm gonna basically teach
you how to do this cheating in it so
first of all you need a kid oh yeah now
obviously some people are poor and they
kind of for the kill
what I would say to you just like the
video and just leave don't even watch
the rest because you know this is not
gonna benefit you so what you do first
is you have to fill it up so you can
open it somehow their fingers hopefully
okay so there's already water there I
don't know if that's that's nice
because I don't know where that Wars
come from so I'm gonna do you one told
me not to waste the war so what I do you
I don't know if your parents do this is
war by instead of me putting it down the
sink I have to find like a plant like a
worthy plant that deserves some Barney
Shawnee so this one was buried dead here
so I'm like unknown Muslim myth like
Christmas tree so I'm just gonna let it
go wasting yeah yeah mate accordian coke
here mate a stock fool come on son
once again pebble is not giving a shit
about life what you say Mikey and now
what you're gonna do is we're gonna fill
it up so I put it here obviously like
this is this is why this I know what
this is I think it's attached to it
let's leave it there for now in there
alright so as you can see now now I can
be Cold War III do hot war because
obviously we're trying to like make the
war hot at the end so it's kind of like
a cheap you know I mean already like
putting the making the war already
before they actually boil so you know I
don't know I'm just a clever guide to be
honest just don't don't judge yourself
for not for not being as you know
intelligence as me so we plug this shit
and then that's it do you see what I'm
saying I'm just magical my hands are
magical anyway so what you do then you
put this on now this should be a switch
somewhere yeah as I said if you don't
have a cable if you can't afford it
laughs as I said just get a job man one
of those Subway ones in it clean the
floor you press this red now I just
about to explode
no bum jokes here because mine's Muslim
mango a bearded man's know about that
you know spending four days in a Cell
kind of laughter I mean orange suit kind
of life but yeah basically now is making
bear noise so in the meantime you can do
loads of things you could read the Quran
you could maybe pull your
and say sorry you can Arno drew a
picture about you know maybe do a
picture of T yeah maybe you may actually
drew a picture like just in the mean
time just to waste it yeah and then in a
bit when it's ready we will proceed Oh
actually no we need milk
now some people obviously buy the
healthy lifestyle with the green top and
that some people don't give a shit by
life and just have the blue top you know
one of those ones send me skin
pasteurize you know you know we did
Ironman
oh I don't know if anyone has noticed
but this is the diary Batman sure like I
do wash it I know I've had this for like
7 years but this is the lucky shirt yeah
I mean so today's gonna be a good day in
shell work by the way he's watching
Batman 10 a curiosity
let's see everyone just saying Shia blah
blah blah I thought Shia anyone right
now making tea come on man this is
serious life come on guys how many of us
make tea on a daily basis and some of us
know where we're about to like we just
some people have gone through puberty
now and they know that's their drop roll
now you know forget your uni or college
degree or whatever this pre-taped g and
riku shit it's all about making tea for
your uncle or your mom or your dad
that's that's what you gonna spend mr.
must to be like doing you know I mean
anyway so open this finally now I'm
gonna do something I'm gonna wait now
this is still like taking me along but
yeah anyone seen Batman Tendo oh it's
not badminton is not even out for this
wait I haven't it's not shaving actually
be made it's 9:00 that's the one who
seen Batman 9 come on cuz hey there
people baby boo boo
messages right now saying it's bad man
you fishy shut your mouth shut your
mouth slap your back by yourself
no I'm saying about stupid about freshy
big up all the Asian girls that we show
our communities and go cinema this for
our photo out there you know I'm saying
there are people loving it okay the
response has been amazing the hype is
back
you know that in it you threw the vibe
there people talking about you know why
because the hype is back and watching
Batman ten minutes oh my god Bob do you
know who's most excited about Batman
1000 they excitement in it I can't even
concentrate so anyway yes this is to
making Bane waves like genuinely this is
probably like the first time I've been
maintained like I just seem like bear
ugly old people do it I mean so Batman
20 come over I don't even know if I'm
for a loss that long
subscribe to my channel though we
subscribe like are you just watching
free content and just enjoying life like
like it's nothing and you need to
subscribe it's free as well so doesn't
subscribe yet please drown yourself in a
glass of water
I mean about not subscribing may people
subscribe to my team hey lip you fished
all right cool so right now it's the
noise is calming down
which obviously means is about you know
it's about time I'm saying so we're just
waiting out here this is Bay long this
is a long one in it like just hurry up
now we have bombs that can blow up the
half the world we can't even make a
cable that was truly there should be
technology why are you licking yourself
so aggressively so not me no none of my
family members no extra my sister will
Rosalie my okay so yeah anyway we saying
guys wait for a bit of tea
no I'm saying may yeah yeah
have a bit of tea you know I'm saying
Paige eat it you know Pakistani gangster
yeah yeah ooh apples and pears cool okay
just made that clicking noise that means
it's all right babe team coming up let
my shuttle just farted and now what we
gonna do is we are gonna get I think a
tea bag so we get a tea bag so we see
this is Tina so they'll be tea bags now
we've got a tea bag yeah you put it in
the pop closes let me get this look at
that position but don't do all the way
do it about less than three quarters
yeah and then what you do afterwards is
you get this milk and then you babe you
pour it nicely but not tea nice because
if it's too white then it looks like
dude body and that's that's another I
think that's another weak hard to make
good buddy I've always wanted to know
big up the people who know about do
partido do you know about Tirupati broth
no get spoon
no we do just to say that is genuinely
the bleakest tea I've ever seen in my
life so I'm just making a video of G so
2 seconds yeah so you just keep stirring
and man cut the choy now obviously some
people like the new Tatas or you know I
mean a little bit sweet la la do so go
for some sugar now you can't use the
same spoon I'm kind of tired coming over
to get another spoon so just do it
cool so we get this here let's keep
clicking give that one spoon - spoon
three spoon I don't understand those
people say oh no sugar please
they're fully single they've completed
about life you know I'm saying
anyway now put this in the sink so I let
you run man one more cleaner I'm saying
and now the moment of truth this is a
big day for me bro and yells there was
man don't drink this tea thing but you
know what
obviously man's Pakistani man's British
so you gotta try one day like to grow up
and start doing this tea thing so here
we go man Salam alaikum bismillah
r-rahman r-rahim
obviously all day every day no that's
not me you stay there but you stay there
forever
so anyway I'm gonna just leave it there
oh but you can have some tea if you won
I made it okay yeah this is live right
now this is life people are watching it
live so whatever ideas you have it's too
late and I've made it so that's my dad
people if you haven't seen him
he made me know I never got him after so
these people had to make tea because
obviously some people are very dumb not
me but yeah that's the tea business so
obviously now you guys know how to make
tea obviously you can message me on
Instagram thanking me educating you guys
I think the next one is dooty is dooty
hard to make
very easy probably too hard for me but
yeah anyway so that's about it I need to
get ready because I've got waiting to go
to pick up weddings because everyone
that Nodine halal thing and yeah my like
obviously you just gotta clean up his
role that was made it funny be a mess
don't know how that happens probably
know even me it's probably my sister
window yeah nice and clean so no slacks
obviously pebbles to waiting for that
food do you even care about life apart
from food anyway yeah so that's what it
is
so now about two more minutes before I
go about two minutes so guys first of
all do you like tea or deal coffee I
need to know make sure you comment down
below
hashtag tea or hashtag coffee or feel
about that life hashtag Bhupati because
I had to believe that back in the days
like in jail I mean that and dude party
was the one you know I mean so yeah many
people saying tea though
what about cappuccino what is a I hey
babe like me french people saying
cappuccino pibbles stop touching my feet
both people some people like coffee as
well
hashtag namaz I going straight to
Jenna's bro
someone asked what masturbation means
Oscar dead oh wow people will like
saying curry like that's how Asian you
are you just go straight into it and
you're like no I mean man drink on me
all day everyday I'm saying okay pebbles
is playing with my feet oh okay fine
I've got got feet pebbles but anyway
guys gotta go now however I would like
to say and this is on a serious note
first of all please go and second of all
thank you so much for all the love and
support for Batman 9 it has been amazing
you know I'm saying it's amazing it's
really being like wow I know man that is
fully back if you haven't seen it make
sure you check it out make sure you like
this video as well because I just drank
pee for you guys that's a real
commitment right there and yeah before I
before I feed pip oh so I don't know
what happened there but before I go I
just want to say they love hash tag team
bad man we about that life I will see
you soon and make sure you spread the
hype
