my name is Ali I recently came to this
country and I was so excited because I
wanted to make something out of myself I
always wanted to be a doctor because I
wanted to help people get better I
remember my first day of out of college
I thought I was prepared for everything
and I wore a newt I wore the shoes my
father got me and had my back packed
with all the essentials my books pens
and blue dad just in case but what I
wasn't paid for was the people all I
really wanted was to make at least two
friends but I learned a lot pretty
quickly people have are different now in
every group there is a leader and his
name was promised young he was the
coolest kid in the place everyone loved
him the way he dressed the way he talks
I wish I was more like him but he was
always mean to me him and his friends
made fun of me and called me names they
said I was fat but my mom always said
I'm just healthy they made fun of how I
dressed and how I talked that my English
was bad and how I don't belong here they
called me names like curry monster and
the terrorists I don't know why I didn't
tell anyone I just felt that if I did
they would find out and they would get
more angry at me I didn't want it to get
any worse so I kept it to myself hoping
it would be getting better but he didn't
he'd caught a curse
they started hitting me hurting me
making me feel useless making me feel
that I'm not wanted or accepted that I'm
different and I don't fit in they
started to hit me harder and he started
to hurt more he'll like it
they started taking my lunch money a lot
of times at lunch I would just eat uh
some polos as they had taken all my
money and that is the only thing they
didn't hate
but my dad always said that no matter
how bad things get always look on the
bright side so I did I fell in love
her name's Alicia she was the most
beautiful person I had ever seen in my
life I would daydream about us getting
married
and we would have two kids and maybe pet
cat and live happily ever after I just
wanted to make my mom proud she always
said when I find a wife I need to feed
her like a queen and make her feel a so
special so one day I brought her flowers
because my father said flowers rims of
woman's heart
but the boys came over and started to
hurt me again they thought it would be
funny to take my trousers off to
embarrass me in front of everyone and he
sure was there I was so ashamed it was
one of the worst things that has ever
happened to me I felt so alone he never
felt so lower and worthless in my life I
wish I could tell my parents but the
truth is I parents passed away many
years ago through cancer I read a lot
for a while now
this doesn't feel like hope this was
just a place where I eat and I sleep
they stopped going to college I was too
embarrassed and to be scared I didn't
want to be a Doppler anymore because I
didn't want to help anyone no one helped
me he even started to self-harm because
I felt that I deserved it I am no one
this country scares me the people scare
me I just want to go back I just want to
be with my parents so I made a decision
I wrote this letter for you Thomas yang
so you would know that you really hurt
me you made me feel alone even though I
had no one in the first place
you made me feel not get enough like I
didn't belong here
and as you're reading this hope you
realize that because of you I'm probably
dead now
you
you
