these are for friends
Karl Michael Gibson see we have grown up
together from roots to a tree five solid
men giving life happy and free for
strong lats
to have my back while I breathe see I'm
an only child I have four brothers
beside me my circle is small but that's
how it should be these matters are
genuinely by day one family religion
color it makes no difference to me these
are my brothers
he's young man physically mentally
strong being sensitive and emotional is
not where I'm from if you're sensitive
and weak then you can't call yourself a
man this is the way I was brought and I
was told by my dad and I never believed
in love until of believed in me never
thought I'd find anyone but it looks
like someone found me I never trusted
anyone from experiences that made me see
but even though this world is dark she
put a light on for me she made me feel
feel a certain type of way I was
embarrassed but do you want to go the
opposite way my mates think I'm sprung
but as a man I heard and act as if I
don't feel when I feel love inside
she changed me and she opened me up hold
my hand tight
when I had my guard up for the kid out
of me and make me do things I never do
but I don't want trying something
different if I'm trying it with you see
I'm a man and I was blessed that God
gave me an angel and gave my soul of
risk from pain from sadness from work
from stress because when you feel love
all those other emotions become less
every moment I'm free I'll spend it with
you every night on the phone I'll speak
with you every last penny I have I'll
spend it on you I guess this is love
guess this is love
but that was not true
you
I'm a man man oh I'll be fine
boys don't cry
it's asked if I'm okay well I would just
lie you probably think I'm soft such as
poverty inside
none of them would understand they would
just make fun of me they would tell me
to enough and that's how it should be
I'm a man not I'll be fine
please don't cry
but that's lonely nights in bed uh pre
on the phone we speak to you like on
insta on what guys you are not following
looking at your whatsapp display picture
with pride I'm swallowing do I send her
a message to our play hard to get
do I even want her back is this what's
best why do I keep thinking of her when
I hear a particular song and why do I
visit a sports and viewers with me you
belong why do I love someone who did me
so wrong how why does his pain last ever
so long my man man you'll be fine boys
don't cry see you in state seconds to
incur but to heal it takes time she's
happy with someone else now
she's no longer mine I'm also happier
finally having a good time back with the
boys training trying to get back to my
prime it's as if I'm doing okay again
I'm doing just fine but when I'm alone I
step back over that line I'm not the
same
broken feel so much to say but my
feelings unspoken
I can eat and weak I'm a man let go
I'm hanging which a fake smile on my
face doesn't show a secret I'm keeping
that no one close could ever know inside
I'm not dead
evil thoughts in my head was calling me
to talk but there's nothing to be said
when sleeping or no or forcing that tear
not to be shed
I wish I was dead
and then I finally decided to end it all
but before I could everything change
with
he was Michael he told me hips is dead a
life was taken
but another instead
he committed suicide and he left enough
after his mom passed away last year he
could no longer cope he said he didn't
feel he could speak to anyone what about
me is it not clear and you may why
didn't you come to me I would have
lifted you up I would have said it's
okay I would have helped him guided you
back back the other way how did I not
know why the hell was he hiding his pain
his actions made my own and I could no
longer blame and at that very moment the
painful lesson was learned a match
doesn't work after it's been burned but
boys can cry you're human
it's okay don't deny how you feel and
look the other way don't mask what you
feel and lead your closest ashtray if
you're holding something back
it's better to just say better to let it
out or the pain will forever stay better
to cry now so we can smile another day
you
