what the sort of road bad rocks have no
one to the point here yeah there's gonna
be a lot of noise in this video people
Chinese builders gay from China you see
it oh baby sister ha ha ha ha so dizzy
Pakistan or officially the championship
2017 champions practices you never
expect offensive ever diagonal idea was
on disturbing moments it had to be see
black magic I know your tongue go out
here but this is what I don't get this
is what does what what is mama doing da
are you okay
know me by the way I need to treat this
like this is switched off
misunderstandings about your experience
out there fucker
yeah what was her name India had erotic
but in the end there was no pitch
invasion like what's going on patties I
know it's Roma's on but come on up a
horror ominous okay I shouldn't say that
but come on man that's what we're known
for
I'm not even gonna lie back in the day
me and my mates we used to watch box on
play life soon as it's finished
rub my friends are like ready guys ready
mr. Lachman a team jump on and we'll get
all these cracks security guards that
should never have been security guards
in the first place trying to chase us
and they're not achieving anything only
weight loss which al hamdulillah is what
they really need
that's bed laughing crickets another for
this bed before the turbine top scoring
you churning sir of this world cup you
just feel that too much was placed on in
Georgia emphasis on him when he went
without scoring that was a
damaging blow to Bangladesh still they
can smile the supporters probably the
funniest shit I've ever seen in my life
the way my mind is guarding his his
missus I don't even think that his
missus I think that this guy strokes
this girl and he feels threatened by the
cameraman that he may be a potential
like second stroke off so he's giving
him evils and he's like look don't stop
this kill it's wrong because that's my
job but fucking funny fans are the best
and these are 10 things Pakistani
cricket fans always do number one we all
have to wear that one Pakistani fuck
that we all own even though we all win
this t-shirt is probably older than my
granddad's PE teacher but we still win
with us and if you're poor you just wear
a green top Primark in it
please we will all start shouting
fucking phones in the bottom but we get
one tonight it works I forgot I want to
one of the white neighbors are
complaining what Oh ice me James
I was just wondering like if you could
keep it down my kids have exams in the
morning and then the trying to sleep at
this type well it's 3:00 in the morning
and and my wife my wife she she's got an
important job interview tomorrow so I
should ha I mean if it's okay this is
what I needed to do you are English so
you have no experience winning anything
I get that but what I need you to do is
sit don't come in my house and make up
so much joy
because why did you sleep in two and
they both know that he doesn't have any
kids three we have to deliberately
upload and instan in at least two of
them that will piss off an Indian fan
obviously most of the means this year
mostly involved hunting for watching the
Fox Valley fancies you know like so kind
of Ramadan contradict it a bit you know
Ramadan animal sex doesn't match does it
make and then for we also force our
white girlfriend that no one knows about
we're a Pakistani talk even it was made
before cricket and get them to Alicia
one market that's what I advise we will
all have that one Pakistani flag that
will be in some unknown cupboard that we
never go through but we will take you
out we will stick it on our call and I
don't know how
find a way to stick it on a car but we
just do and then you'll invite all your
Pakistani mates and the ones that drinks
Rob and don't have anything better to do
those ones and you'll either drive
baboon or Green Street and love that
place down
except traffic jam your mum six so as
you guys away
if we win a trophy a traffic jam is my
tradition and it's really easy to call
the traffic jam all you need to do is
this have a Pakistani bandana has every
wound in your hand you know that hole
the hole that you're growing hold on and
you're thinking wrong like all of my
mates and use this as well that's why
but it looks so yellow and and I usually
get them so underneath like actually on
your list when you make the noise and
the new park in the middle of the road
and then you start doing unknown
approved on what is this Imran Khan
amplifier in the background fuck you
guys no that's okay that's good never
number seven
yes I eat listen to this song 14 times
condition ma doesn't know that's nice
literally you like to go to optics or
creams author with your boy and program
deals with greens waka Mises on those if
you're going out and you wear a green
for welcome ease but that means you're
on it them you know the attention you're
gonna get don't write the Pakistani ball
trying to talk to me on Green Street
when we just won the World Cup while I'm
wearing green and glowing the greenhorn
with the Pakistani turned as a bandana
break into a monk on amplifier on how
shoes bonnet which is a rendered video
that's green these boys are dispersing
now don't try you on a fully nine and
then the day you make sure that you will
have the most unhealthiest rookie with
the extra tax certified ye that roba red
milkshake this mango juice fourteen on
streets listening to the little Pakistan
one more time with pawn stock in between
your teeth and then you don't like this
if you don't do any of these things and
you have Pakistani then I just want to
say you're disgusting but remember guys
one things I've learned in my lifetime
is keep it humble cuz you know we're
going to lose the other 72 matches and
some of these Indian man damn their
heads broke but they will strangle you
with the hair on the arms they're
dangerous people and I have to say I
have nothing but love and respect for
India because you have to understand
that once we were all living in the same
country so yes this is an amazing
accomplishment and yes this is great for
Pakistan for the country but for the
younger generation and for all the
Pakistanis around the world I mean it's
been so hard for the Pakistani team that
cricket was banned in Pakistan different
leagues that don't even allow Pakistani
players today they always written off
and it's unfair but what we have
accomplished today have shown people we
should have hope and faith in our future
but always remember as a Muslim or as a
good genuine person you should always
love your neighbor so all my Indian fans
have a love and respect for you we are
one we are both winners and there is no
division because even though we do have
a healthy competitive rivalry
we still got bail off to you man and I
hope you guys have got better for us
respect I fabulous anything else please
leave your comments down below language
with your plane this video and do I even
need to say it
