you know what's the worst thing a
parents would do to their kids
sell them on eBay although making rule
pirates to be a regular babysitter well
I might see how many days they can lost
without food my kids lost it for days
they're dead now
ah I'll make more okay they're all worse
then what I was thinking but they should
never allow their kids to grow up
watching Bollywood movies why you ask
because when I was young my parents used
to always watch Bollywood movies you get
me I used to always be around it the way
my mom greets the remote control but I
could not do nothing with them another
was growing up watching these Bollywood
movies I started incorporating the
things that I watched these Bollywood
movies to real life that money would
movies were real black wrestling
obviously
and they say it's fake the first time I
did this was when I was in here five who
acne and I was with my boy Ashley in it
and he was chasing me I don't even
remember what he was facing me all I
know if my man look like a call from
Backstreet Boys before puberty and
Goonies so I wasn't planning to get
caught fam I don't want to be a part of
that and I ran onto the road without
looking don't do that kids don't do that
but drink acid because that's okay
oh no that's not okay two kids okay I
didn't know I haven't drunk passes
before and as I was in the middle of the
road
I saw a band and I start to panic I just
froze as I looked at the van I was
thinking is this it is this the end and
more importantly am I never gonna taste
battle se again and then it came to me I
remember watching this one Bollywood
movie when this happen
and I was right for him he's brown I'm
Brown what's the worst that could happen
so next thing I know like uh plums I did
this so my parents visited me a hospital
my dad was me angry you let it cool down
then you ran or to the road without
looking and you hit that man do you know
when I saw how much damage you caused
the van
you recognize there's a bullet then he
starts sharing among what are you say
they have cement the flat shit bloody
done death of an 250 pound I'm paying
because the guy had like who what is
this this is the flood through your life
support okay we'll say by pure fun
because I don't like it anymore
Gennaro abbaji but that's actually not
mine I'm not on life support
it's actually that girl's life support
day
oh sorry for your loss
kids come and go really I'll give you
two hundred and twenty pounds you behind
I remember my first love
her name was Carrie did what did you
expect me to say we expected me to say
no I didn't fall in love with Dada
Kalamata I fell in love with Carrie okay
man was on that white things I'm sure so
sweet
she was so gentle she was so kind she
had the heart of bold but the only
problem she had was she was act really
racist
mom people in it a baby in the neck
because the baby was brown
I loved it so much because and Kenny was
so racist she would actually sing a song
every time she saw me and even like this
but about the ding ding 299 all I see
Krishna come out the sky was so sweet
honestly she had the voice of an angel
what about attending to 99 demonic
lyrics but the voice of an angel and was
still not married yet and then it came
to me I remember seeing this one Indian
movie for him he's brown I'm Brown so
what's the worst that could happen so
lunch time in the playground with our
white friends and I was school she told
the peaches I was casting a spell or not
shoulda done Ashley just easy the
Coromandel betta oh she made it was a
wet cactus a broken bars for lime green
sugar and 220 pounds so that's why I had
to make this video to explain to people
the difference between Bollywood movies
and reality now let's start with just
one click
oh you see this police officer is not
doing any police work and then I know
where you see these waistbands
roll some ball of sheer abs and now it
always on but the first thing that comes
to mind is why is he humping your leg
when did he get there did you know
previously feel him and is it me or does
he look like he's about to let this kid
like I don't look right and the way he's
stroking him that's 0 to 100 real quick
so obviously did beat and that's about
to pop off and I've been in the
situations before we see man just walk
crazy manic start swinging and I
understand how long it takes for him to
get his weapon
and why did you specially wait just
watching say oh I won't die he's gonna
actually break this light lamp so he can
beat us up running it don't watch him
prepare to fu up and this is just me or
beat this police officer just commit
vandalism you're vandalizing a lamppost
what all these normal pedestrians are
just watching casually saying yeah
that's kind of against the law but mine
he's a police officer let all that time
you've wasted breaking that lamppost
that was at least six Ramadan but you
had to run all this time I don't get
that then again with the perverted
stroking let's see you see whose kid is
that if that was my kid and he was just
getting touched up by a police officer
with the lamppost in his hand I would at
least let move him out of that situation
oh that he say come here don't let that
guy touch you anymore so these guys are
ready to drive off but this is what I
don't get but this seven of let your
simmons dangerously on gangsters and
you're scared of one guy with the hole
yeah I'm not even good at maths but I
swear that the advantages sue in your
favor and this is without a doubt the
longest walk you will ever see in your
life
destructor
and they had so much time I would you
know what bun the car it's been 42
minutes now so I'm just gonna run now
what you're about to witness is a human
being out pacing a car that's already 12
miles ahead of him why holding a street
who wrote this didn't anyone read the
script and was like and then the man
outpaces the car it's not really
believable is it no one wow this is
happening I'm just thinking why doesn't
he just press the brake slack again the
steering rue is jammed if you just press
the brakes you won't be going in circles
for the next seven days you would stop
but no they obviously quote nauseous
press the accelerator and it and wait -
oh it's an accident who would have
expected that and who did you sound
effects I see no tiger like while they
were editing it did the sound guys let
us put Tiger sound I can't make this up
my man bounce mix fast like he was a
basketball how can that even physically
work what did the guy have in him helium
is India's gravity different yeah my mom
has done that move one meter for her she
does her and by now I'm thinking rod
this guy is super fast like you same
boat ain't got shit on this guy knees
the invisible Tiger again and then my
man just slapped this guy today I've
never seen such a violent slap so there
I am thinking oh finally he's going for
the gun now but no he has his gun to a
pedestrian I think it was a Jewish and a
child I don't know I didn't watch the
whole movie and then he takes his bill
whoa and then he starts whipping them
like he's their father and I'm thinking
what did I just watch now would you
really see that London like a police
officer handing over his gun the random
brown lady and he was that you guys
gonna get it mate
they're not gonna see the Dubois film
number two first thing I notice about
this film is the quality of acting truly
these young actresses studied at the
best performing arts school in India
this nothing was hold on bedtimes before
the scene and they were like we do this
one this one yes no this one so I think
Roderick shows like on this guy's leg or
something like the guy is trapped and in
a lot of pain and look at the people
trying to help like they don't actually
look like they're physically doing
anything what they doing is pretending
to have ladies it's so obvious that
they're not actually moving the rickshaw
whatsoever and what all these people are
panicking and trying to hope my man my
man is just calmly watching while
smoking a cigarette well you must have
passed
oh you GCC's for your a-levels because
you're just fully calm about life right
now
I can't possibly watch someone die and
me that too so my man fix the cigarette
and he looks at the camera and he's like
no smoking kids don't do it and I'm like
wow that didn't take me out of the film
and you know how he sees the guys like
he burns him really no wait no really if
someone's in that situation that his leg
is underneath the car am I gonna turn
around and say let me burn his foot and
by the way the music in this movie kind
of feels like you belong somewhere else
maybe a a teaspoon or and then this
happens
why would he did why did he have that
reaction let me shake a tree so a few
pillows can fall down and it might look
good for that two seconds then you see
this shot and you're thinking where's
the tree gone that's the way he just let
was the tree like a mile away and this
guy
quite possibly has the creepiest smile
I've seen in 2017 quite possibly the
creepiest smile I've seen this decade no
actually no no hang on probably the
creepiest smile . like ever now i'm
gonna be number tree now let me see this
guy's talking to a doctor and i think
this girl or this guy or whatever needs
a heart transplant now apparently this
guy has a spear whore lying around
thingy just found a like in between like
the sofa seat or under his bed or
something
no questions asked I'm just looking at
this whore and I'm peeking
is that a hot dog how big is the heart
but that don't even look like AHA that
looks like a deformed white man's really
not I've seen one before I'm just
guessing and the worst thing is he's
kissing it I'm a man takes the hog pee
the horse for you but he doesn't even
put it in a box holding you like it's a
baby
now put in those you know boxes they
have like you know when but they do
transplants and they have those boxes
with the heart inside don't you have one
of those maybe lying around I mean you
have a heart and then this guy's game
back up I don't know why maybe he
unfollowed him on Twitter or a sign he
getting Deena and these guys are like
kicking the hole at his muffins but I'm
just thinking why does the horse sound
like that and if you kick a hole and it
slides on the brown who did you appoint
for your sound I say guys
we have Tiger again no you can't keep
having time for sound okay it's hot so I
put metal sound I won't fight this guy
he's trying to fight back and completely
fails if you're gonna miss like that so
this guy is obviously being brave and
this is the sound effects they used for
a man kicking your next man's bull bull
made out blush and then this guy is
quite possibly the the scariest thing
I've seen in my life I don't know what's
scarier waking up to this guy or this
guy so he kicks his boobs
once again the sound effects are so
realistic it sounds like these Bulls I
made have a gold bill and some chains if
you kick my balls it wouldn't sound like
that
I'm just saying so bzees about to escape
so my man gets how he's whipping and can
I just say this is quite possibly the
most inconvenient weapon I've never seen
in my life like how why is everything in
this film so big that's not a shot
better Optimus Prime food but what
you're about to see sums up everything
I'm trying to explain imagine as a young
kid you watch this and think that this
could really happen and to think that if
that's the case didn't the directors
ever think could this actually happen
I've seen it all make sure you like this
video and fill out the video please make
sure you spread oh yes
until Monday me out
