because of huge popular demand my team
and the fact is broken I didn't know
what to do a video about I have decided
to do a special episode where we have
what I've done is ask for a post up on
my Instagram and I also put a post on my
YouTube community tab now all you had to
do was ask me a question with the
hashtag team Batman so let's see what
you guys came up with raw that was a
rule by the way just to kiss you didn't
know but you knew are you ever gonna get
married but why 190 percent of the
questions that question are you single
do you want to be with me you're not go
behind Peter hore into a Haram hug when
I'm not on it
listen yourself at now if I seriously if
anyone wants to marry me just let me
know cuz my mom's on my case so hash tag
team Batman are you gonna be doing live
comedy shows around England love you've
been watching you since Chronicles of /
- we kind of spelled it wrong and he's
throwing us - to spill it I want to do a
show at the end of the year a phony fool
people turned off they're kind of hurt
if you guys really want me to do a show
look actually really want me to do a
show no just pull me down below and I'll
make sure of all documents because I've
got big time on my hands because I'm not
married
happiness what projects are you
introducing Oh working one either later
this year or next year hashtag team bad
man
all right cool that's a great question
but you're very nosy give me some space
I am working on a few new projects but
what I want to do is I don't want to
announcing yes I'm actually filming a
lot of projects secretly right now and
soon as December January hits it's gonna
be home hashtag team Batman when you
were young what was the funniest thing
you did to get revenge on someone well I
wouldn't say it was funny but once one
of my boys when he wasn't really my boy
bye we're just trying bitch telling him
if you're not gonna stop yourself on
change then I promise you this
anyway kept a change so I did he's not
put in a blue bag I'm gonna let some of
it was even mine and I tied it up I just
chucked it I am the next day at school
don't judge me okay you said something
about bubblegum season to a wall back
when is it coming out
hashtag team bagman okay guys the
problem is there's three main characters
the dad azmuth and camera now one of
them is not gonna be in season two and I
don't really want to do without him he's
married with kids and stuff now it's a
bit hard so that's why there's been a
delay but you cannot keep saying it's
coming soon is coming soon so I really
mean is Shawn man I'm working on it and
he's going to be really hard to replace
but let me tell you something when
bubble bun does find the air hockey bad
man
hardest lesson life has taught you hmm
don't trust anyone
how are you so funny even my mom dies of
love for watching your videos hashtag
team bad bands wasn't a question but it
said my ego
when is your merch coming out first of
all you forgot a stout team Batman but
the only reason I'm answering is because
everyone keeps asking me about this I
will you should make badge again
I deliberately didn't wear my diary
button on top because I feel smelly as
people have been asking me for years so
I'm not gonna keep any promises but
hopefully by the end of the year I might
have some new merchandise on ya cuz I
need the money in it disappear or
Christians have to ban it anyone can
make new moves you just need red paint
and I do have more Giuseppe's so I'm
just gonna be different than say
Giuseppe's but make up the villages in
Pakistan escape in Batman would you
rather be alone the rest of your life in
prison with no real life interaction
what's your best friend be tortured come
on man I probably torturing myself 15
Batman you sent me the smartest person I
love all your friends okay so let's look
at the English Sammy is send me the
smartest person out of all you friends
once more even English you answered your
own question you idiot well George
Bush's sperm is more intelligent than
you this free in this random movie is
more intelligent than you this guy is
more intelligent than you and you don't
even have a brain it's a freakin boy
bruh would you rather get the world's
most expensive phone Oh
throw your cap off the top of the shard
faster
Batman bro you serious how expensive is
the phone though
Mortal Kombat or street fighting Batman
oh I love the father and son
relationship in Tekken I mean these two
guys like these three shows what
parenting is about raw that's definitely
not its favorite child when I see by
that in the memoir like mashallah oh you
mean my son Dubrow and I left the
character designer come back how
scorpion sub-zero and Macau look exactly
the same but just different colors you
my friend are creative but that has to
say street fighter I was a clearance and
they just keep jumping around trying to
avoid it but now even if you're in the
air mile Dukan will catch your foot cuz
some people used to call me a cheat I
know is that your dad's a cheat at 16
Batman what is the most proudest moment
from your career so far I think when I
became the YouTube ambassador and when
they announced it like there was posters
from me and me when I was on buses I was
on taxi I was in cinema I was in nearly
every single train station and I
remember taking my mom to the ticket
daily life and there I was faced with me
huge amounts of makeup yeah I did look
like a cold khusraw but I was so proud
of myself
are you proud of me you know what she
said yeah shall we go now I'm hungry
would you give up YouTube for ten
billion pounds hashtag team Batman no I
do you for one Joe King what's your
signature dance move
hashtag team Batman I mean would be this
what pop / scene or Batman was the most
challenging to shoot by the way love
your hands off Batman
thanks man it would have to be in Batman
10 when me and TV did the final fight
now you're snowing in that scene it was
cold it was wet I was like throwing
myself all around the floor that scene
was probably the most physical scene I
ever had to do but do you know how long
it took the film seven hours even though
it was the hardest thing I ever had to
film for the whole Batman series it
still was worth it if you ever watched
it make sure you do like the one thing
man yeah success very good man why are
you so bloody good-looking team Batman
you're uglier what thank somebody you
always brighten up my day anyway when
Batman sees a tree plans to come out
hashtag team Batman now everyone's been
asking me about this can you shut up man
aim was always to stop doing enough
towbar so I don't know what its gonna
come out but in terms of priority it's
at the top of the list
ow Cupid laptop I'll allow you cuz you
were free thanks YouTube just realize
that these Batman's take a lot of time
and cost a lot of money to promote you
never seriously does cost a lot but it's
definitely on unless I die and shall I
want its finale forever in it when are
you doing a draw my life video
hashtag team Batman brother Condor hello
people asked me to do that so so maybe
I'll employ someone too drew for me and
as I just told my story is your
definition of being successful hashtag
team Batman now I'm gonna be honest with
you yet no matter what us humans we can
never be contended when we measure
success we we have a goal we have an aim
we have a vision and when we get that we
don't appreciate that as much we're just
thinking what's next
like if you make 1 million pounds you
would want 5 million and if you make 5
million you'd 1 10 and if you got 10
million you want to make 50 now so even
though there's so much that I want to
accomplish
I just appreciate everything I don't
think you can
success but you can always appreciate
but I'll go to party all right first of
all this is my main super SAP you
obviously for puts the hash tag team
Batman what's wrong with you bro how did
you Belgium last week you're supposed to
be loyal my still my boy so it makes me
subscribe to him and I don't what's the
difference
I'm just gonna say pirata because I like
it it sounds funny Oh scrotal chapatis
be like chapati fry like paratha hashtag
teen Batman do you regret not telling
people to subscribe that with our Batman
was poppin yeah that's me reminding me
into pressing my life I told people just
subscribe back then probably would have
liked what people mean but it's okay I'm
just gonna appreciate having a million
I'm happy with 400 in wherever I have so
happy man so happy how do you manage
everything like making videos spending
time with family and friends and other
things I tried I can't seem to do it
hope a sister out loud seen Batman now
when you rock hello did you really laugh
a lot of people will type hello but when
they type it they look like this bonus
leaves like the hardest thing ever
so I'd say always keep a balance but
always try to spend as much time with
family but you have more than one wife
but I can't even get one do you have any
words of advice for some of the youth
out there that are lost and uncertain of
what they want to do in their future and
are in a position where they are pressed
for time to come to a final decision
hashtag t-bird man that's a hard one man
you know I'm not a therapist yeah I'm
just a fat Pakistani wearing a hat
it makes YouTube videos but one thing
that I would say is this obviously when
you plan your future you need to think
about something that's gonna make you
financially stable something that's
gonna provide for you and your family
but at the same time I would rather take
less money and do something that I love
then more money and do something that I
hate does that make sense that
realistically will be working like 70 to
80% of our lives man so if I'm spending
80 percent doing something I want to
make sure that I'm doing something that
I love something that's gonna make me
wake up at 7:00 in the morning even
though that's dead anyone should wake up
at 7:00 in the morning that is a myth
there should be illegal that's worse the
drug dealing
probably exaggerating but I don't like
waking up early in it so my advice is
just think about it probably but also do
something that you just know you're
gonna love I think I wanted enough blood
supply is really burning me are you acid
but I really had fun and we happy -
Meghan because there was like hundreds
and hundreds of messages that I didn't
even reply to because I mean there's too
many of you guys make sure you follow me
on Instagram press the notifications on
you because I never asked you to do that
but if you press the notifications on my
You Tube channel then every time I make
a video it will come up and now see
weekly Friday videos like it's just best
you do and then yeah I mean like elbow
out man help me help you help you help
me whatever the way people say and
comment down below what video you want
me to make you just help me up for next
week cuz I don't even know I'm doing
right now
I still haven't clean my room from till
next Friday see you later
light is obviously showing the
imperfections in my face colorful
braiding so you just have to live with
it and subscribe
