so brother have you been watching a
cricket the only person in this world
that watches crickets 2 is the hombre on
a family and I afraid click it all the
time in the pot every day but we had no
pad for a ball so how did you play then
we did
morality so thumbs up this active Muslim
youth festival I'm going are you and you
coming you know Jewish Jack he's coming
satvinder by gender
Chaminda jitinder why you making up all
these names they don't make they finally
don't have any friends don't use
Facebook yelling over Wi-Fi and look I
know what this I'm not on it whose face
if you my auntie she asked me have to
call me dog bandit no shoes referring to
herself or her double chain so I'm
confused and I'm a mum dad says I have
to go behalf of a good plan yet
basically what I'm going to do is on a
snapchat them with a COPI on and I'm
like at the conference and then I'm just
going to take you up and link some girls
thumbs up you should come you should
shut up you should really come
you should really shut up Hamza I can
see you well no see you I know what are
you doing I know I don't know why yeah
manage I don't want to go that's final
you know I've got here I like this I'm
going I'm leaving finished never see me
again
why they're pro-life I'm leaving that
you need to leave too close as my house
sentences try to say it swayed you're
tougher yeah
a machine - some angry yo what's going
on man
happy majesty what are you
I pulled me along but I can't move it's
intimidating she's always wearing social
arkanese is man and she borio for cysts
or something
this is except I'm telling you she
Oh
would you mind not bouncing vample with
this
are you racist this is obviously racism
you're just picking on the brown guy
oh let's pick on mr. bin Laden I'm not
belonging why don't you do what you love
do best give someone three points just
calm down
what's he gonna do then you should know
you wonder woman
forgive me clearly more funding control
I think we need some backup 96
officer he would explain yeah we're just
having a little joke right just a little
joke you just assaulted a police officer
yeah yeah you don't know what kind
original pleased
and he's putting on concealer illegally
I will cross them up one time one leaves
on top of a butcher shop I love white
people guys I really like white people
so much fruit removed iconic and you
know that my hobby my hobby after
singing the entire Celine Dion's
greatest hits album they still didn't
let me go but don't worry I've all
cousin in the police force maybe he can
help me
you get me
hey I'm so yeah it's been a while you're
looking healthy
what by the way I'm really sorry to hear
of your loss your hair loss I mean we
need to do janazah for that maybe come
on let's do a zoom off yeah inshallah
nah nah okay I see one head just keep
making go up you know after fuck up most
effective I'm gonna let you you got some
shiny bald head bro it looks brighter
than my future every time I see your
head I just I think of Easter hums Oh
how'd you go in trouble a few my
colleagues lies really
yeah well this odd-looking report and it
says we're doing what are you doing what
do you mean listen I'm sorry I spoke to
my colleagues I'm so sorry okay don't
worry
thank you so much man but I presume this
dude man that they don't even have a
look a in person it's not much oh so
don't know how you're not hot doggy
I just spawned your name in what are you
doing fucking yes wait so he likes
ourselves sit down
this is our boy listen observe now call
you here I want to talk to you about
something hey hey what's that come I'll
take over
but then what you saw not alone
something lazy hi fine
sorry whoa
and you spent anything No
nevermind
most everything my lady's talking at the
lesson comes off so homes are this one
of our many boardrooms no before meeting
sector I say what's it good yeah man it
said said it's crazy like I think that
is so no just absolutely fantastic I
mean don't get although this whole sixth
inning Beauty people down have a look
around
cuz I'm part of the force now okay so
I'm just trying to okay be not so the
job with cleaning what's that was that's
that's a that's amazing in it were you
look at this fun it's a badge or
something about you that there's no
badge what based on time step come on
AIIMS mother so many lines day bro
that's a box top dragon it oh wait I'll
see the fuck sounds like are not always
old mr. Burton police that one once you
watch you being an electric eye
my parents are cousins
so obviously messed things up for me
although what's that maybe pee boy you
try the Sun look anything I'm talking
about huh no let's just book I don't
even let this place was reminds me of
Illuminati
yes quote man come on
make sure all my family down we watch
the movie later on you know we stay come
on
yeah I love this so hums I heard you
didn't want to come to Elizabeth
festival I love that man and she's gonna
be like one hole full of hairy even men
I like that firstly it's not that
secondly this event will promote the
good work that young Muslims are doing
in the country whether you're Hindu
Muslim Jewish seek aware religion
whether race whether background you are
we want to show that we are one
community and we can adapt ourselves to
British society but to be fair like I'm
not really on it but I don't know why
the police are trying to highlight they
care because they know I'm say fighting
care ones work
why are you doing it while you please be
doing message won't deliver and from all
through this festival is amazing from
something
stop this I'm sorry Sam I'm going about
with Leo love it's hard being a Muslim
in this day and age every day there was
always something negative in the media
about Islam and Muslims Muslim days and
terrorists that evil Muslim dog attacks
bras sometimes I feel that they single
us out pick on us and stereotype us
because of a few misguided individuals
that do not represent us yes there are
extremists out there who think that
violence is the answer but you get
extremists in nearly every single
religion sometimes I'm even afraid of my
identity but why should I be I should be
proud to be a Muslim and will stand up
and show the world that Muslims are
normal people and Islam is a peaceful
people fault religion we believe in
Islam but it makes your oneness a person
that's like killing the whole of mankind
but if you save one innocent person that
is like saving the whole of mankind that
is Islam so maybe I will go today
because I'm a Muslim and I'm proud of
Who I am and maybe I just need to do my
part
inshallah
