let me get straight to the point yeah
okay so how was your Valentine's Day
what did you get up to let me tell you
something if you're Muslim and you
celebrate Valentine's Day then slap
yourself slap yourself with the uncooked
rookie uppercut your soul but even
people in Saudi Arabia are starting to
celebrate Valentine's Day I'm gonna
laugh she looks nice
so now I want you to do a video about
the day before Valentine's Day
Freud Burton sausage OMA basically every
single worid I know they're always what
is one horror movie on Friday the 13th
so I decided to do the same sorry you
know one of those wanted me just call
your boy up and say hi Brock what's your
login to Netflix and then I realized
something that the world already knows
Netflix is shit man so therefore to in
the proper way and I went online and
illegally download movies you know that
the legit way another side watching
horror movies I realize one thing they
all the freaking same so that's why I
decided to make this short little video
horror movies white people versus Bryan
I mean the first thing is really obvious
the black guy always dies it's not even
like a smooth necklace or stroke oh wait
let me die in silence from pig in the
woods best possible like a plane fell on
his head I can imagine the costume
director for that movie okay so the
requirements is you need to be black
okay cuz you're black you've got the job
ha you have no lines you're just going
to kill you straight away I hope you
don't mind but we're going to use a real
life so it looks real black from how
Reese's can you get that's all Reese's
you know if the brown people
we made a horror movie right the white
person would I first yeah
my name is Lee the killer would be black
cause our parents always tell us that
you're not black people they're
criminals in the kill people have you
noticed those move easier when there's
like a good bunch of people by only one
killer and then this one dog white guy
would say that one dumb line that we
always hear in horror movies oh my god I
do this Oh what is wrong
you fan calming your life that's a very
good idea okay
tolls you go into the attic clapping I
will go into the basement as you can
well and you stay here bundle yes
vulnerable that's okay
I'll be fine go to my side - mom people
you'll be lat
I think we should split up that's the
dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life
why I'm gonna split up what look this
free of us and there's only one killer
breath we can beat the crap out of this
guy
horror movies you know anything that
spooky noise that I don't know where why
people will always be like what was that
noise
fellas I believe that demonic Famer
that's killing people
okay let's take a closer look things
gonna be fine we have Jesus what is
wrong with you fan calming your life
that's why whenever you see those
programs with animal attacks nine times
out of ten it's always a white guy I
look at the bed I'm so cute let me go
give him a hug come on come on base kill
more people than black people so what
you gonna walk up to the bear like it's
gonna give you an Evo if you want to
hurt yourself or hit by a tree my brown
people heard a spooky noise they would
be like what was that noise I think it
is that demonic demon that is telling
the people Oh No and how do you notice
that in every single horror movie
there's always that one bait see when
the killer's chasing that cute face
drunky and if I would run into the pot
and then what a coincidence
the car is now not working come on I got
it from client it's reliable
my people may be where your cars from
come down to uncle Tasha's waters maybe
sell secondhand colors and tampons for
the ladies now it's a same scenario
happen to offer my would-be wait yaaaa
this classroom working now we're gonna
cut you so me don't try some you know
Cathy gone you know wait yes but because
they wait how many times I go to the
wait fundable on my just discard try to
kill me in it probably wise Aikido and
in so many horror movies you only see
evil spirit in a house don't never leave
and the white people are like do you
want us for my candle we're not leaving
okay you're gonna intimidate us but then
II can your wife you go to a harder than
that huh yeah right now around me boo
that would be like okay can take a slice
well you're gonna see your house yep
forever but this is it evil spirit in my
house I'm Barbara Tuesday I will bang
out that advocacy three times and if you
don't work I'm gone mr. Jin you can keep
the house it's depreciated value anyway
cause it's funny but why people try for
me how you gonna summon evil spit in
your house don't try to stand up for
yourself like Macaulay Culkin and home
alone that gin will tombstone your mom
he wrong can not imagine to get bored
and move to Southport
yeah install for Tina sure waka me
sharks and how did he know is here you
know in the getting chased by the killer
he's probably back how many ghosts it
would run into the darkest places ever
no wait this one upstairs
yeah yeah oh
five trust me that's wrong people we
don't run rap people don't run money eat
lamb gosh I don't know what that means
only two bank Quran we hide and I know
you're gonna live round people we can't
hide very well Randy boy and horror
movie in the try that movie will finish
in 15 minutes everyone will be dead each
one hide in a hole even America founder
and white people in horror movies they
always hire to fighting in a presence
behind the shower curtain or the most
creative place to hide under the bed
like the killer I'm gonna check there
and in horror movies there's always
gonna be that big
when Asian parents are gonna be like oh
hey Chan change the channel better
change the channel
rude a bit what are you watching friend
you're watching it to you I'm not
watching okay couple of in my face I
can't see anything because in horror
movies they're winners to underage
vegetables I'm gonna get that free corn
and rake the majority in the most
romantic place they could fire an
abandoned house what kind of your you
going our way
Danielle will be like I want to go to
the Hilton trap with your looks you
don't even there's a Travelodge faster
cooler anyway you don't see the boy that
you're getting their freak on and just
when it gets big and Stevie
Mike Myers will come out of nowhere and
slice those food up like a fruit chart
in a story that's my bias walks in with
two brown people getting frisky they
would be like don't tell our parents but
on a twisted give up here and stormed
out
brats Michael Myers who my mom would
slap like my sock away and kill me
herself and last but not least you know
those typical horror movies that you
always see but a little white noise this
rap I'm not gonna lie
oh sure why parents man they're so nice
they will try everything to get their
daughter back but the cooler don't paw
joke or a priest but they would even
call her fortune teller from Green
Street but if it was my dad and he's do
always possessed he would be like
anyway guys enjoy this video make sure
you press the like button
spread this video everywhere on Facebook
on Instagram on Twitter on snapchat when
you can go follow me but most
importantly please make sure you press
the subscribe button who the man is
trying to hit that 1 million subscribers
even though it's never one happened but
hey I'm still going to try and I would
like to leave you with this rap you
should never be scared of anything say
no one but the only thing you should say
is Allah you should have that fear of
work that we didn't want to displease
him but in my opinion more importantly
love him cuz isn't it so beautiful that
God could have taken your soul back last
night why instead he gave you another
chance to change
so remember show your appreciation and
turn to God before you return to God
inshallah
