what were you saying that you got some
nice eyes just yeah nice eye nice
yeah run away run away where they
skittles yeah you should run away huh
yeah not what time it is yeah
black and brown Jade a lot of people
right now I'm always talking about dad
dad guy that goes all the time we don't
need Jennifer you see I'm saying
sometimes it's cool to just children of
man him and I mean talk about football
new things they're here
that's so basically like you're saying
that you do let men good men yeah look
what no no your you I didn't see that
opening up your game no I'm not no I'm
not like why would you say such a fee
cuz you're talking about men and stuff I
don't like to admit this is a date for a
start thing I wish you'd just like
opening up saying that you're gay not to
know probably need to stop saying that
word but not homosexual no huh I swear I
ain't Brokeback Mountain their games
winning 1 bricks other guy cave or some
fun fire to make gaming Amy oh you know
what it's kind of cool that we just
having like a a guy's day up haha this
happening that's my street said hello
that's my English say bonjour that's not
the frame
yeah that's my Asian side missile is
jazzing baby
please say the baby everybody knows I
got a cuter than ladies oh man what the
hell ruff what happened to the boys day
out that this is rubbish man there's a
bull crap okay sorry if I hit you fancy
free with his airplane brush hey
airplane 100 boom don't panic run don't
panic fan no don't stop panicking
all my days boom panic you are making me
funny don't panic
I'm gonna do what are we gonna do but
it'd be worse it could be already bronze
rank please can be here any moment of
route to get this bullion which kicks
from frost bath she's fine she's just
chilling but she does not look like
she's chilling look at her brother she
no kings
she's fine man she's a big role she's
playing with the stickers and you see
man no take her Rob you've taken out
Lise are gonna come here it's gonna be
pi/3 what time there's more I think
sticking you take her in it oh you need
help with their sake
the fucking
oh yeah it's still dead that's great
you know what but
and would be your cousin's right
Nimrod
yeah
we sit at the back I see see not man
serious stuff machi I know about watch
this though yeah but hello hello hello
okay we moved you game bro yeah I'm
trying to do something to bring her back
to light this is serious mudgy okay yeah
but how you gonna do it obviously like I
said to you yeah I know cuz ease that no
cousins that not your cousin's basically
yeah I don't know why I said die again
you know once again I don't even know
why I did that
I'm sorry boys the films the candles
yeah we're gonna have to take a fire can
I keep my owner can you keep yours on -
yeah thank you it's working already
thumb is about to go down
move it so much for this okay you know
what do me a favor yeah so no no no it's
good
nah man come on brown the book yeah
house good house get people to see it
I love that really yeah la casa de gallo
got ba got de la boca pass on to you
Wanda for Lusaka mufasa blastopore laka
laka laka hey you're so palpable
daga daga boo boo yah yah yah yah gasps
Oh gasps ah
Wow
nah yo G yeah fuck spit it's not it's
not working I tried to do this sticks
and try to pull up and some people but
it's not going through my G maybe bought
the wrong sticks I don't know I think I
did you know you know then you try yeah
any time
yeah to make this a Pakistani / Korea
which crop what I don't do this rich
quality minutes ago that won't reach
Club what was it so yeah anyway so
basically to make this a Pakistani /
Korean witchcraft work the first thing
that I need to do is a take a one for
foreigners wall that's important as
always its aroma no they're not so I
have to keep busy vulture it's part of
the process a lot of the process for
silence for 10 seconds yeah all right
don't come ten seconds go to smother
president I'm going to use the
especially ingredient okay good nothing
yeah yeah thank you very much not nice
whoa huh stay stay and wait wake up
possibly it's only the dead yo Chemical
life yeah
cool the police Oh calm down go calm
down calm down
okay this is obviously Justin Bieber's
doing sit down long time no see hands
haha yeah it was fixed Oh what is it you
know ugly
I need to do a check I need to see if
this person's will so I'm gonna have to
go and kiss her oh I'm gonna get
arrested for rape okay let's talk to
what if
is your phone this is my wallet get some
more man oh oh oh yeah yeah okay yes I'm
kind of hot oh oh I'm a king consider
local civic look I'm consider it brother
and you probably drink why you being so
cool bra have any quick drink all right
let me tell you something no one look at
the community right now I know I'm a bit
like many me you're thinking he might be
from prison no mess tumse pyaar it's not
a tech device you're just dropping in
your life oh never mind about him cuz
you don't even know how to speak Asian
nobody agents in it
so bad I want her back I'm in your life
I want a back bank leave a couple B next
time you see you you just hate on me
every time I'm near Asian women bro what
are you scared or something why water
brother have an asian chick brother you
always have to be there and protect them
yeah I mean that you're black and Asian
no I am gonna rub that now you see that
one say no more let me talk to you for a
second
let from over there that's for Madness
colleges go lucky
Hey fuck take that off ruff come on Bob
my fuck take me seriously with that
listen what I was trying to say to you
is that obviously with boys in it yeah
I'm not gonna let no go get in between
us man
you sure I'm saying so she likes you
that's cool do your thing ya know that
means a lot to me bro you know what
let's just make on the side I brought
you know to be honest even if she
chooses you
I don't care cuz you're my boys woman I
Love You Man Oh even though she's
feeling me yes I know
okay cool your bra I know that you have
old books I know what I'm trying to say
is you've got to work and really think
like we don't care bro we don't need
okay well I can see you know I'm just
nobody has to saw you though come on
scratching okay what are you cutting of
a diet yes you're taking away your right
palm ha ha ha good it's a yes in than if
your phone is speaking Chinese grunting
speaking Chinese speaking Chinese golden
funny like it was small growing up China
she's not Chinese Bravo Maya EBD no she
don't speak that
functional movement off if you don't use
I don't know like trust me she Chinese
fan but uh she's long profit over like
rough rocky know it when you get
marooned or different yeah bro I've know
a statement sure my boss he show up
messing me up man I just I just press me
I just think that you know you're a
trauma don't care about
you
