Ukraine is accusing the Israeli
newspaper Haaretz of spreading fake news
now after he published a report about
Israel arming Ukrainian neo-nazis
Ukraine cited investigative journalists
and frequent guest on RT max Blumenthal
as the author of the article
he has written extensively on the
subject before but he's now accused of
hiding behind a false name max
Blumenthal is hiding behind the
pseudonym of John Brown attributed to
the authorship of the mention article
republished by Haaretz it was a big
surprise for me that such a respected
media's Haaretz could published
unverified and biased information I was
not the author of any of the articles
exposing this scandal however my
research was used by one of the
journalists in a separate article by the
Israeli newspaper Haaretz a journalist
writing under the name John Brown also
exposed this scandal and the Ukrainian
ambassador to Israel has bizarrely
accused me of being John Brown based on
zero evidence at all all of my work over
the years exposing the rise of
neo-nazism in post Maidan Ukraine has
been written under my name max
Blumenthal and it's the Ukrainian
ambassador not me who's advancing fake
news of a group that allegedly received
the arms is the right wing as of militia
in this training video you can see
weapons which according to the report
are the israeli-made tavill assault
rifle but the Ukrainian embassy says
it's a copy produced under licence in
Ukraine here's max Blumenthal again the
Azov battalion has posted pictures on
its own social media channels of its
fighters holding Tavor rifles which are
Israeli made rifles that cannot be
replicated by any other military Israel
is arming a neo-nazi battalion which has
been condemned by human rights groups
for attacks in eastern Ukraine it is
ideologically aligned with the violent
racist militia they are one of the most
important strike forces in Ukraine's
fight against pro-russian separatists in
the east and so they need their muscle
but at the same time they need to cover
up the fact that the ranks of the
battalion are substantially comprised of
hardcore neo-nazis that would embarrass
them in the eyes of the West
you
