Donald Trump is visiting NATO allies at
a summit in Brussels and the US
president has openly hit out at other
member states for not paying up when it
comes to defense spending we can now get
the latest from our correspondent
Charlotte Dubinski who joins us live
Charlotte there she is
Charlotte du Penske thanks for joining
us the US president hasn't held back in
assessing his NATO allies has he what
more can you tell us absolutely not it
started with a tirade on Wednesday
morning and it's continued this evening
in the last half an hour so there's been
the latest Trump from a tweet from
Donald Trump says what good is NATO if
Germany is paying Russia billions of
dollars for gas and energy when only
five out of the 29 countries have met
their commitment this is the commitment
of 2% of GDP towards military defense
spending he then goes on to say that the
u.s. is essentially paying for Europe's
protection and is losing billions in
trade he says that all the countries in
NATO must pay 2% of GDP and he says
immediately not by 2025 that's a direct
quote from a Trump of tweet by Donald
Trump in the last few minutes well that
it comes after he also is claimed to
have said during that summit that he
wanted that spend to increase from not
just 2% but he wanted it to go up as
high as 4% that was a report made to the
media by the Bulgarian president who's
at that summit and now that question
about increasing that contribution of
GDP by all the nations was put to the
NATO secretary-general who essentially
kicked that idea into the long grass I
think we should first get to 2% focus on
that now
and and that is what we have agreed
that's the pledge and and the good thing
is that we are moving towards that
well that tweet by Trump calling for
that immediate payment of 2% of GDP came
after that trade against Germany on
Wednesday morning when the leaders met
for breakfast he actually talked about
Germany's relationship with Russia
saying that Germany was being held
captive by Russia because of a pipeline
that's due to open a gas pipeline at
next year this is the nerdstrom to
project and he said as a result of that
Germany was paying billions and billions
of dollars towards Russia when actually
wasn't meeting its contributions when it
came to NATO this is what he said an
angler mirko's response Germany is a
captive of Russia because they supply
they get rid of their car lands they get
rid of their nuclear they're getting so
much of the oil and gas from Russia I
think it's something that they owe has
to look at I think it's very
inappropriate
they paid billions of dollars to Russia
and now we have to defend them against
Russia explain that we're able to set
independent policy and make our own
decisions and that's very good
well after that meeting Donald Trump
flip-flop just again saying
relationships between the USA and
Germany were great they were super and
now of course we see this latest trip
between where he goes back into that
trade against Germany well that
declaration of war essentially of words
between the two countries it also
follows another declaration that's been
released by the leaders of the states
and the heads of government where they
basically have accused Russia of acting
aggressively saying that Russian actions
are undermining the international order
and also saying that Russia's recent
activities and policies have been
reducing stability and changing the
security environment
NATO has also said in that declaration
released on Wednesday that it will
continue to respond to the enhanced
problems with enhanced deterrence and
defense posturing particularly on its
eastern part of the Alliance so that's
essentially on the countries that border
Russia and it says that native doesn't
seek confrontation nor paws a threat to
Russia but on the same time it's also
talked about increasing its readiness
and its military capability such as
increasing the naval combats to 30 the
maneuverable battalions to 30 and the
kinetic air squadrons to 30 and also
making sure that they are ready for
rapid response in 30 days of less if
there is aggression many more
discussions will continue into the night
in these NATO talks and of course there
is also tomorrow but this is already
turning out to be one of the most
decisive and controversial NATO summits
probably in the Alliance's history
you
