it was also fringe so crazy the stuff of
conspiracy theorists in pin fall hats
but they've done it they've really done
it they went right in at the deep end as
Trump arranges to meet face to face and
privately with Vladimir Putin later this
month it would be dangerous not to
consider the possibility that the summit
is less a negotiation between two heads
of state than a meeting between a
Russian intelligence assets and his
handler it's a whole study with charts
and spreadsheets and insane conspiracy
theories and New York magazine isn't
alone more and more media outlets coming
out into the open and saying Trump is a
Russian agent despite the fact that he
staffed almost his entire administration
with anti-russian Hawks but the descent
to this new low was gradual take the
Washington Post 46 years ago it bought
down a president in the Watergate
scandal using only quality journalism in
2016 it promoted media witch-hunts
proper nuts monitoring report identifies
more than 200 websites as a routine
peddlers of Russian propaganda during
the election season with combined
audiences of at least 15 million
Americans at some point bashing Russia
trumped the truth turns out citing
shadowy organizations that have come out
of nowhere in an article on fake news
wasn't the best idea
median readers alike ripped into the
Washington Post for that one but it was
a turning point
take MSNBC host Rachel Maddow leftist
icon she's developed something of a an
obsession of Russia in recent years
seeing Putin's hand everywhere
everywhere in Russia Russian Russia
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia of
whether or not Russia had helped whether
they had Confederates inside the Trump
campaign when they launched this attack
one
very big thing that was definitely off
about that meeting if you take that
train across that bridge from North
Korea where you end up in is Russia but
every day every day I leave my show and
I think I'm going to be talking about
something else but every day over the
course of the news cycle a new piece of
it falls in place rachel maddow pedals
to a specific audience and audience that
once they hear what it believes in not
what to believe in you can say that of
any audience though people only listen
to what they want to hear less news more
show her show is a piece of sleight of
hand presented as a cable news show it
is TV entertainment it is finest it
permits liberals to enjoy themselves
during what may be the most thoroughly
unendurable terror of their political
lives Oh take the New York Times which
last year claimed that Trump associates
were in close contact with Russian
agents during the election only to be
debunked by none other than former FBI
head James Comey the challenge that I'm
not picking on reporters about writing
stories about classified information is
the people talking about it often don't
really know what's going on and those of
us who actually know what's going on are
not talking about it
quality journalism doesn't sell anymore
neither does neutrality or even common
sense the numbers prove it last
September the Washington Post crossed
the 1 million subscribers mark the New
York Times made more than a billion
dollars in total subscription revenue
and Rachel Maddow became the
most-watched host in March
society is fracturing and as little
common ground to be found it's a
national departure from reality that is
being helped along by post truth
journalism in town with a post truth
president
you
