you go back 10 or 20 years you just add
it all up it's best if amounts of money
is owed the United States is paid and
stepped up like nobody this has gotten
out for decades by the way this has gone
on for many presidents but no other
president brought it up like I bring it
up so something has to be done and the
Secretary General has been working on it
very hard this year since our last
meeting commitments that were made for
over 40 billion dollars more money spent
by other countries so that's a step but
it's a very small step it sounds like a
lot of money and it is but it's a very
small amount of money relative what to
what they go and to what they should be
saying it's an unfair burden on the
United States so we're here to talk
about that and I'm sure we will be
resolved I have a great confidence in
the Secretary General he's working very
very hard on this and he knows it's a
fact but I have great confidence in him
and we all agree that you have to do
more I agree with you that we have to
make sure that powers are investing more
the good news is that allies have
started to invest more in defense of the
years of
as purchased have started to add
billions to the defense purchase and
lost chaos the biggest increase in
defense spending across Europe and in a
generation
why was that it's also because of your
leadership because a carry message and
they were right there I have said it
before and your message is having an
impact and further increases you
initiate the dog there but to spend more
than the facts and based on these
massive national dance you now estimate
that in Canada 66 extra US dollars for
defense from now until and the billion
US dollars until 2024 so so this is
really adding some extra momentum it
helps and we're moving into a direction
but we still owe but we still have to do
more and that is what the best of the
stomach later on today
let those are not that strong NATO is
good for the Europe into total milf
United States the US military presence
in Europe helps to protect Europe with
those opposed to not in the state
project power to the Middle East to
Africa and
now the military class of of Europe also
is helpful dealing with with Russia and
we look forward to the meeting with
President Putin and I think that leaders
are also in forward to your thoughts
about the meeting with mr. 15 that later
on well I have to say I think said when
Germany makes a massive oil and gas deal
with Russia where you're supposed to be
guarding against Russia and Germany goes
haven't pays billions and billions of
dollars a year to Russia so we're
protecting Germany were protecting
friends were protecting all of these
countries and the numerous of the
countries go out and make a pipeline
deal with Russia where they're paying
billions of dollars into the coffers of
Russia so we're supposed to protect you
against Russia but they're paying
billions of dollars to Russia and I
think that's very inappropriate and the
former Chancellor of Germany is the head
of the pipeline company that's supplying
the gas ultimately Germany will have
almost 70 percent of their country
controlled by Russia with natural gas so
you tell me is that appropriate I mean
we would like been complaining about
this from the time I got it it should
have never been allowed to have happened
but Germany is totally controlled by
Russia because they were getting from
sixty to seventy percent of their energy
from Russia and a new pipeline and you
tell me if that's appropriate because I
think it's not and I think it's a very
bad thing for NATO and I don't think it
should have happened and I think we have
to talk to Germany about it on top of
that Germany is just paying a little bit
over 1% whereas the United States in
actual numbers is take 4.2 percent of a
much larger GDP so I think that's
inappropriate also you know we're
protecting Germany were protecting
France we're protecting everybody and
yet we're paying a lot of money to
protect now this has been going on for
decades this has been brought up by
other presidents but other presidents
never did anything about it because I
don't think they understood it or they
just didn't want to get involved but I
have to bring
because I think it's very unfair to our
country it's very unfair to our
taxpayers and I think that these
countries have to step it up not over a
10-year period you have to step it up
immediately Germany is a rich country
they talk about they can increase it a
tiny bit by 2030
well they could increase it immediately
tomorrow and have no problem I don't
think it's fair to the United States so
we're gonna have to do something because
we're not going to put up with it we
can't put up with it and it's
inappropriate so we have to talk about
the billions and billions of dollars
that's being paid to the country that
we're supposed to be protecting you
against you know everybody's everybody's
talking about it all over the world
they'll say well wait a minute we're
supposed to be protecting you from
Russia but why are you paying billions
of dollars to Russia for energy why are
countries in NATO namely Germany having
a large percentage of their energy needs
you know Russia and taken care of by
Russia now if you look at it Germany is
a captive of Russia because they supply
they got rid of their coal but to get
rid of that nuclear they're getting so
much of the oil and gas from Russia I
think it's something that NATO has to
look at I think it's very inappropriate
you and I agree that it's inappropriate
I don't know what you can do about it
now
but it certainly doesn't seem to make
sense that they paid billions of dollars
to Russia and now we have to defend them
against Russia
you know maintenance alliance of 29
nations and there are sometimes the
differences
different views and also some
disagreements and then gas from Russia
to and Germany is one issue where allies
disagree but the strength on they do is
that this point in these differences we
have always been able to unite around
our lower cost to protect and defend
each other because in the sign up we are
stronger together than apart I think
that two world wars and the Cold War
focal stuff we are stronger together
than apart but how could you be together
what it country is getting its energy
from the person you want protection
against because you understand that when
we stand together also in dealing with
Russia we are stronger I think what we
have seen is that you just making Russia
richer well that's the element you're
making right Richard I think that even
during the Cold War
NATO allies were trading with Russia
there have been disagreements about what
kind of paper instance we should I think
it is wonderful I think energy is a
whole different story and the energy is
a much different story than normal trade
and you have a country like Poland that
won't accept the gas you take a look at
some of the countries they won't accept
it because they don't want to be captive
to Russia but Germany as far as I'm
concerned is captain to Russia because
it's getting so much of its energy from
Russia so we're supposed to protect
Germany getting their energy from Russia
explain that and it gave me a blank you
know all right thank you press thank you
you
