I said when Germany makes a massive oil
and gas deal with Russia where you're
supposed to be guarding against Russia
and Germany goes out and pays billions
and billions of dollars a year to Russia
so we're protecting Germany we're
protecting friends we're protecting all
of these countries and the numerous of
the countries go out and make a pipeline
deal with Russia where they're paying
billions of dollars into the coffers of
Russia so we're supposed to protect you
against Russia but they're paying
billions of dollars to Russia and I
think that's very inappropriate and the
former Chancellor of Germany is the end
of the pipeline company that's supplying
the gas ultimately Germany will have
almost 70% of their country controlled
by Russia with natural gas so you tell
me is that appropriate I think we would
like been complaining about this from
the time I got it it should have never
been allowed to have happened but
Germany is totally controlled by Russia
because they were getting from 60 to 70
percent of their energy from Russia and
a new pipeline and you tell me if that's
appropriate because I think it's not and
I think it's a very bad thing for NATO
and I don't think it should have
happened and I think we have to talk to
Germany about it on top of that Germany
is just paying a little bit over 1%
whereas the United States in actual
numbers has paid 4.2 percent of a much
larger GDP so I think that's
inappropriate also you know we're
protecting Germany were protecting
France we're protecting everybody and
yet we're paying a lot of money to
protect now this has been going on for
decades this has been brought up by
other presidents but other presidents
never did anything about it because I
don't think they understood it or they
just didn't want to get involved but I
have to bring it up because I think it's
very unfair to our country it's very
unfair to our taxpayers and I think that
these countries have to step it up not
over a 10-year period you have to step
it up immediately Germany is a rich
country they talk about they can
increase it as
by 2030 well they could increase it
immediately tomorrow and have no problem
I don't think it's fair to the United
States so we're gonna have to do
something because we're not going to put
up with it we can't put up with it and
it's inappropriate so we have to talk
about the billions and billions of
dollars that's being paid to the country
that we're supposed to be protecting you
against you know everybody's everybody's
talking about it all over the world
they'll say well wait a minute we're
supposed to be protecting you from
Russia but why are you paying billions
of dollars to Russian their energy why
are countries in NATO namely Germany
having a large percentage of the energy
needs paid you know Russia and taken
care of by Russia now if you look at it
Germany is a captive of Russia because
they supply they got rid of their call
button to get rid of that nuclear
they're getting so much of the oil and
gas from Russia I think it's something
that NATO has to look at I think it's
very inappropriate you and I agree that
it's inappropriate I don't know what you
can do about it now but it certainly
doesn't seem to make sense that they
make billions of dollars to Russia and
now we have to defend them against
Russia
you
