out of all of Russia city st. Petersburg
is considered to be the window to Europe
and there are many continental
influences here such as in the
architecture like the stunning since
Isaac's Cathedral which was designed by
the French architect
August Lamont Ferrand and there's also a
healthy thriving French community here
in the city numbering around a thousand
people they include workers and students
and we went to speak to one man whose
job it is to unite those Frenchmen
living here with their Russian host
what will happen but I hope I move like
a lot of French and foreign students
wise exchange program but here after
three months I decide to come back again
of course was nice girls ladies sport
also Russian was very nice people we
just decide like exotic for me I wanted
to knew these people and I give me a
challenge that I need to study them so I
come back for a long time they have your
fairy night organizing a game between
fans so we organized this game to join
fans to show that Russia is the
friendship country and it was very nice
game there will come a lot of French
people in the embassy a sense on two or
three representative or friends the game
was very interesting but Russia want now
as st. Petersburg gears up to host
France and Belgium for that crucial
semi-final clash there's an important
question to be asked now fries or chips
as we call them back in England are a
crucial staple of any not so healthy
diet but as we call them french fries
are they actually French or Belgium a
Sun content we ask those fans here in
st. Petersburg for the truth Belgian I
don't know where the name comes from but
they're wells in 100% 100% so I could
eat Belgian original zombie American if
it forces Bevo denote cote de football
passe and yummy yahoo football Belgian
fries
French 100% sure yeah I'm not sure I
don't know before you start you need to
know that I am a fan of Cristiano
Ronaldo usage French Belgian size
Belgian who did it was the odds its
McDonald's it's Belgian fries but they
can have the name we know the truth
Bonjour Alfa's me who serve en francais
come on Yvonne dampener sir t really dog
with a benefit upon Caesar family
Belgian French organ France are gonna
win
Ross are gonna win but Belgians are
gonna have the fries yeah French prices
from Belgium so it should be renamed to
Belgium for us yes that's right so maybe
whoever wins can decide the name yes yes
we can do that
you
