our anticipations building here in the
city today with the first semi-final
being played all eyes are on France and
Belgium will clash later in the day here
in the northern capital the game will be
attended by French president Emmanuel
macron and Belgium's royal as well I've
also joined by Bart ever Hoggy the vice
president of the Belgian Football Union
to get his take on what's promising to
be a cracker of a game thanks for
joining us today part obviously a lot of
anticipation that I excitement for both
for both sets of fans here and how
confident are you of a Belgian where are
you feeling pretty sad yeah there is
that way
to be honest I think we have 50% chance
to win that game it's a bit the same
that we estimated against Brazil I think
friends is a well-respected team it's a
very good team with very great players
and a very good coach they already won
the World Cup so they have your
experience we are a smaller country but
I think we have also great players a
good coach I mean we have the will to
win so I hope we can make it and
obviously you've been here from well
allow the World Cup probably been to
more cities than a few people here in
the studio you know so many what's your
impression so far bit about the
organization the atmosphere here have
you enjoyed yourself oh yeah honestly I
have to say I'm impressed by what we saw
here it's really great cities we went to
Cal Ingrid
to Sochi to Kazan - Rostov and then they
see Petersburg and now and Moscow yeah
they're all it's marvellous organization
its well-oiled the players every party
that this stuff is really impressed by
everything so it's why we thought that I
told to my wife we should definitely
come back to Russia and visit all the
cities because they are so beautiful so
you recommended them yeah I recommend a
definitely I speak of coming back you
mention if uh if I'm understand
correctly you're actually student in
Russia quite a few a few years ago long
time ago yeah what what changes have you
noticed since then how much is the
country changed Oh huge beyond I was in
it was before the 90s it was a I was 24
years old and we got
the students of law of our flu even
though we went over here and it was
already a great to see all these
beautiful historical buildings but today
everything is so nice so clean it's so
proper it's secure it's safe and people
are friendly so I'm honestly it's a
Russia made a big change and it's
becoming a really with two really big
cities like st. Petersburg and Moscow
yeah it's very nice you did a great job
and safe is you know one of the key key
words you mentioned them because before
the opening ceremony on the 14th there
was a lot of scare stories in the media
about the potential for hooliganism
certainly many of my friends from
England chose not to come because they
thought it would be dangerous there
would be violence you know echoing what
happened in Marseille in Nice a couple
of years back I have this concerns been
justified I mean have you seen any sorts
of issues or heard about any issues no
not at all I was pretty sure and I heard
that also in my environment to say yeah
it's maybe we should not go and so on
because of but to be honest I was pretty
sure that everything gone well will be
well organized and it was so so it was
even better so it surprised us in a very
good way that everything went so well
also the travelling from airport to do
hotels and everything it's a went very
smoothly and I should say I know a big
dessert you deserve and also to have a
medallion on on your breasts to say a
Russia did a great job
yeah well the team didn't quite make it
unfortunately I mean we were covering
the quarter-final here from Assyria had
a a big crowd behind us watching Li the
football cheering they obviously
exceeded expectations the Russian team
it's been a lot of you know negativity
around them they're lazy they were pay
that I'd perform this is a record result
I mean what do you make of their game
and their performance we played against
them before the World Cup in Sochi and
we already there I said okay this is a
good T this is one team and and there's
a steam which is maybe they don't have
the starts like other teams but it is
definitely a team that is working hard
and and it's hard to beat them and I
think in the world club all the teams
were very close to each other the
difference is made by yeah by small
things
yeah you were unfortunate you lost
against the quarter-final but you could
be here in the last four so I think you
achieved it it's a great achievement
what you did with your team and you
should be very happy on it and it should
give you confidence and trust to go to
the euros yeah and the fan the fans have
been very happy and I'm very pleased
with that
with the result now I know fancier
residents of Petersburg they're excited
about the visit of the Royals city again
we king queen of Belgium how important
you think that visit is for Russia
Belgian relations do you think you'll go
further in having boomer ties I think
it's if the first of all they come I
think also to support our team and we're
very glad that it that doesn't it's good
for the player that they know that they
are supported by their better by the
king and his wife but the Queen but on
the other hand is it shows also to the
country that that we are a bulge amande
and Russia that we are two countries
that like in that can make business
together and that we can do yeah then
live with each other
very peacefully together and you're
obviously part of the Belgian football
universe president how important is that
role in building those partnerships
those football partnerships and you know
exchanging experience with other
countries I suppose that's a big part of
you of your job yeah it's it's I think
it's very necessary that you meet other
countries because at the end you like to
you like to get better results and you
like to learn from each other and I
think if you can see each other aligned
in this tournament you can have a chat
with each other
discussing about how do you do a Tod
with youth how do you handle your first
team you can always learn something from
another country and another team and
this experience would like to share with
each other and to make ourselves better
from this and that's why it's for us key
to participating World Cup and euros yes
speaking of euros since the
quarter-final stage or thereabouts
there's been a bit of a joke that this
is turned into Euro 2018 not World Cup
to add a team because of the weak
performance of the South American teams
the African teams is it a bit
disappointing they haven't performed
perhaps to their best to the best of the
abilities we've seen some of the stars
you know Messi Neymar just not before
way up to standard
bit dissapointing maps we haven't seen
some of that South American Flair you
know go further in their competition
yeah for me it's also surprisingly I
honestly did I have no I don't find any
reasons behind it what it isn't and the
antis is the law of sports the best wins
and takes it all and that's a bit what
happened I think it's not that you could
say there is a general issue about that
no I'd rather think the other one was
better just and at the end up with we we
are now in the same in the same finals
with four European teams that's what it
is
I don't see it real big reason behind it
I think the Virgin may be unlucky and
not yeah they are not there so at the
end I think we there are new stars
coming up and you look to our team we
have Eden Hazard we have Romelu Lukaku
and we have Thibaut Courtois and a lot
of other players I think they can become
the stars of this tournament and that's
also nice to see that shown so we're
down to four teams now as you say if you
had to you know stick your head out and
make your prediction about what's gonna
happen tonight and tomorrow who's gonna
be in the final
perhaps who's gonna lift the trophy what
would your predictions be do you think
maybe or maybe Belgium England final
yeah it could be a it could be a I never
expected that to be honestly a few have
my I know if you have told me that that
to say that Belgium and England would
compete for the final I should say no
you're you're not right but it can be
and I think we have who wins tonight the
game can be a make up the main
competitor to achieve the title but
every game has to play and in this World
Cup in every game I should say is now is
almost 50/50 because if there are good
teams now if you are in the semi-final
you are a good team so you need to be
very well prepared for that team you
need to be fresh you need to it's gonna
depend from little things and a bit of
luck also so honestly I I hope that we
do well and that we can beat friends
tonight and then maybe we should know me
shall see Moscow what we can achieve but
we go for gold that's clear
yeah it's gonna be fantastic yes that's
the game for certain just the final
question looking ahead to the future
Euro 2020 it's gonna be moved with
different format many country
Hosting many cities for hosting as well
what's your predictions for that I mean
do you think that's a good format do you
think that will be popular its new and
and I think it's a worthwhile to try it
because it then you can show all the
best of Europe to each other and then
you are also participating it with your
country so that's great and I think
Europe is at the end not so big we are
all together in there so I think it's
gonna be fun also that we can share it
but it's gonna be a different tournament
with more participates at participators
than before and and supportive side for
our country I think the result what we
achieved in this World Cup should give
us confidence to to to be ambitious for
the for the euros before yeah absolutely
powerful ok thanks so much am i joining
us today vice-president of the Belgian
Football Union they're giving us his
prediction for the match tonight
you
