hey y'all it's Max Keiser and this be
the Kaiser report coming at you Stacy
max you're looking a little bit Soho
London now so you know this you know
beard stuff growing yeah yeah millennial
beard I'm hoping to get something like a
ZZ Top going yeah J was a lot sort of
look yeah Jamison lops inspired me I'd
like to grow a beard down to my knees it
is the way to be a hipster but you know
what we're gonna talk about basically
that's all that's left to be in the
America is a hipster if you because
there are no jobs there's no nothing
really happening there and of course
Trump was trying to make America great
again so we're gonna look at two
headlines from Wolfe Street calm Wolfe
Richter and he's looking at some the
true state of the economy and the true
state of some economic policies and
trade policies going on including the
tariffs which is shocking information
that I had no idea about but first we're
gonna look at company you and I will
have known from growing up and that was
Toys R Us which was a big successful
company you know it just sold all these
toys for children and it was very it was
all over the place but then private
equity bought it out and now the company
it was just no longer well this was in
three days the last Toys R Us stores
died and PE firms behind it question
mark well on June 29th its remaining
stores in the US closed and then it's
over for the iconic retailer one more
victory for PE firms private equity that
applied into retail during the leveraged
buyout boom before the financial crisis
loading them up with debt and watch them
collapse and what I have come to call
the brick and mortar meltdown Toys R Us
is just one of them
PE firms Kohlberg Kravis and Roberts
vornado
Realty Trust and Bain Capital acquired
the publicly traded shares at Toys R Us
buy a six point six billion dollar
leveraged buyout in 2005 they funded the
acquisition in large part by loading up
the acquired company with debt
hence leveraged buyout in other words
the PE firm had little
skin in the game and over the years
extracted four hundred million dollars
in fees for themselves while the company
collapsed yeah that's right
it's the leveraged buyout catastrophe
that shifts equity and power to people
like Henry Kravitz of Kohlberg Kravis
and Roberts and that's been going on now
for thirty years that not all PE deals
are terrible you know like Dunkin Donuts
was it taken over by PE and they've
expanded that moleskin franchise was
taken over
I think Burger King was now in the hands
of private equity so you know but for
the most part they extract the equity
they extract cash and they leave the
company to collapse all the jobs go
missing and it's part of the rapacious
ultra hyper quote unquote capitalist
cancer er that plagues America yes yeah
but remember we discussed in the last
episode the fact that the central banks
and our governments continuously give
these sort of guys all the capital the
free capital in order to repair the
economy when what they end up doing over
and over and over and over and over and
over is this they just extract the
equity take hundreds and millions of
dollars for themselves buy another you
know penthouse on Park Avenue and
another place in the Hamptons and
another yacht perhaps that they park
over in Larchmont or Mamaroneck or
somewhere like that and that's what they
do that's what they they don't build
anything they don't add jobs they don't
add value and in fact in this case 30
over 30,000 employees of the company
gone no pension no nothing they get
nothing no payout they gotten there were
some employees that actually had worked
for the company for thirty years this is
how much they got zero zero dollars for
their payout for leaving the company but
the other important thing is that this
is like how we have structured our
society and it's so engrained this
vicious nasty equity extraction form of
capitalism that we're all these private
equity firms get their money is
mostly from our own pension funds well
among the biggest investors in PE firms
are public pension funds they provide
about 20% of the 3 trillion dollars in
assets managed by private equity firms
public pension funds like the accounting
of investing in PE firms these
investments are considered illiquid and
long-term and don't get marked to market
this gives pension funds the illusion of
stability during times of market turmoil
and they don't mind the sky-high fees
and private equity firms love public
pension funds because that's where the
money is and the sky-high fees is a
symbiotic relationship so here we as a
society we our taxes pay for those
public pension funds we pay those
employees the this a public pension fund
manager then hands it all to a private
equity firm who then destroys the
economy around us thus destroying our
ability to even pay taxes so it's a
stupid game well yeah I mean you're just
paying Henry Kravitz some money so that
he doesn't shoot you in the head
essentially the private equity firms or
gangsters and the pension funds it could
be CalPERS out there in California or
any these other pension funds the PE guy
Henry Kravis goes to them and say give
us your money so that we can destroy
toys-r-us and all these other companies
and destroy jobs we're gonna believe it
brains out then you're gonna get nothing
and they threaten them and that's the
predatory nature of how markets are
working today he has a nice suit but
he's like I just saw a photo of someone
pulling like a 40-inch leech out of
their nose you know Henry Kravitz is
that leech I'll find that photo for you
it's like that's Henry Kravis he's that
40 inch leech and the nose of America
but you can't call him out he's embedded
and so much is about that illusion this
illusion that the public pension funds
like they don't mind paying real wealth
taken from pensioners give it to these
guys in order to maintain the illusion
that they're somehow doing a job that
they are somehow actually getting a
eight nine percent annual returns
when they're not the illusion of so much
of our economy when you drive across
America as we have when the illusion is
that NAFTA and all these trade deals
have helped the American people but when
you drive across America you find out
dude this is like a disaster zone here
and that is the next headline with Wolf
Street regarding these auto tariffs that
Trump wants to apply to Europe and China
and I thought okay the guy's deranged
right what is he doing but actually
there's some support behind it according
to what wolf street says is beyond the
hysteria about Auto tariffs mageddon
president Trump's threat to impose
tariffs of 20% or 25% on auto components
and vehicles imported to the US is
causing a bout of hysteria that is
splattered all over the media but the
fact is the EU imposes a ten percent
tariff on all cars SUVs compact SUVs
vans and pickups imported from the US
the US only imposes a two and a half
percent tariff on imported passenger
cars SUVs compact SUVs and vans from the
EU and a 25% tariff on imported pickups
which is a tiny share of the EU market
again that's so the EU imposes 10% on
our cars that America ships to Europe
and we only impose a two and a half
percent tariff on them
China imposes a twenty five percent
tariff on all imported vehicles but
offered to cut this to 15 percent as a
goodwill gesture and the trade war to
get around the Chinese tariffs to sell
vehicles to the 1.3 billion Chinese
consumers all global automakers have
invested billions of dollars in China
have set up large manufacturing
facilities and required joint ventures
with often state-controlled Chinese
companies and have submitted to the
required technology transfers GM now
makes and sells more vehicles in China
than it does in the US and this is what
he says we need to do with China has
extracted this wealth creation they've
forced these companies start start
creating wealth inside China through the
tariff system and this is what China
what Trump is trying to do well you know
let's revisit the concept that we've
discussed on this show many times prices
that Walmart are cheap because people
I've given up their jobs to Chinese
manufacturers who can do the same thing
for you know 98% cheaper and so the
illusion is that the American lifestyle
is not falling apart because even though
you're making a lot less you are getting
the same stuff at a much reduced cost
the illusion again right the illusion so
now we fit the end game of that
particular trade nightmare and what
Trump is saying hold on well let's move
those jobs back to America by imposing
tariffs to equalize this trade picture
and move toward a post China extraction
model you know where as private equity
extracts wealth using leveraged buyouts
China has been extracting wealth using
leverage trade shenanigans so this is
just the reverse of that and Trump as I
hear in some people's voices starts to
make a little bit more sense
people don't understand that this guy
actually understands more than people of
giving him credit for yeah like I've
seen the shrieks and I believe the
shrieks again just like I believe the
shrieks about the fact that Hillary
would win the same people told me like
this is all shriek worthy and there's
that Trump is deranged and these are our
allies I never heard from them and I did
not know for example that the EU imposes
10 percent tariffs on us and we only
have two and a half percent of them like
that doesn't seem fair it seems why do
they do that in order to maintain their
own knowledge based manufacturing based
wealth creation base in Germany and get
away with it domestically to say this is
great for you the consumer yes right yes
right that now the way that the left is
pushing back against Trump is by saying
wait a minute consumer prices are going
to go up people won't be able to afford
stuff like they could before
and so the quid pro quo is well it means
that they do get a high paying job again
so they will be able to afford this
stuff because they'll be making more
right so the left is financially
illiterate and they buy into the
consumer market Trump is saying no let's
just do a deal now this guy over at Wall
Street calm our friend
well pricked her wolf Richter right so
he's laying out those numbers you know
clearly
and you know you're a big fan of wolf
Richter I read wolf Richter so anyone
who follows this and is politically
aware you know starts to look through
the numbers and you start to understand
things in a slightly different way like
we started at the top of the show this
our US economy is private equities it's
KKR is Blackstone is all those people
just extracting equity and leaving a
hollow shell what we're seeing here is
probably a better model I think let's
discuss it nobody discusses it on the
news in America but the purpose of
tariffs is not to make products more
expensive for consumers though that can
be a consequence the purpose is to
motivate manufacturers to invest and
produce more in the US thus changing the
equation for offshoring that corporate
America is pursued with relentless
passion for decades this aspect of the
tariffs is getting lost in much like the
hysteria where's Nancy Pelosi on this
where's Maxine Waters on this where are
the Left Democratic leaders on this you
know why are they electing far-left
socialist Democrats now you know because
they've just refused to look at the
basic numbers and obviously putting
high-paying jobs back into America
increasing people's wages they can still
buy the same stuff but they have the
dignity of not being heroin addicts
because of frickin liberal nonsense all
right well we got to take a break we'll
be back don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser you know this is this is 24
karat gold investment jewelry this is
something very special and we're gonna
be talking about this shortly but first
let me introduce royce a bhag the
founder of gold money and man a roy
welcome back thanks for having me max
it's great to see you again sir you too
okay now you know it's great to have you
on because you travel the world you're
well studied economist entrepreneur deep
thinker so we like to pick your brain as
well as get your thoughts on some
late-breaking news now interest rates
have been rising trade wars are breaking
out everywhere why hasn't gold jumped on
the safe-haven buying Roy hmm I I think
it's because rates are actually rising
and you know a lot of the fears that the
gold camp have had about the rates rise
and causing debt deflation asset
deflation have been materialized yet
that's the operative word yet thus far
we've seen the Federal Reserve raise
rates very aggressively the two-year is
gone from 0.7% to 2.7 percent in about
ten months and we have seen little to no
reaction in terms of the debt markets
you know they've tightened up a little
bit but equity markets are still roaring
and we've seen some really really good
economic news out of the United States a
simulated in part by some of trumps
policies in terms of taxes we've also
seen a big uptick in capital spending on
the part of companies something that
people have been waiting for for a long
time so I think that ultimately these
rates rising will cause a great debt
deflation and recession and it'll
probably start around August of this
year when people start to see the size
of the deficits on the US budget
spending compared to their historic tax
revenues because of course their tax
revenues now begin to decline
significantly in all
okay so taxes tax revenues are on on the
wane and let's talk about this idea
about rates rising because I just read
Nomi Prins his books he has a book out
called collusion you know she's talking
about central bank's colluding something
that you know we've talked about
something that's known pretty much in
the in the community that when one bank
is tightening others will get you know
more accommodative easing an ECB Bank of
Japan Federal Reserve Bank
so is this cycle what's being called
quantitative tightening in the US is it
being completely offset by other central
banks doing the reverse and so the net
amount of money printing in the world
continues to go up or is this a genuine
contraction it's a great question I
would argue that the answer is no you
see Trump has been a wrecking ball not
just in terms of his US political race
he's actually reminded countries that
they start they have to be selfish again
we're seeing it in trade we're seeing it
in economic policies and I think we're
even beginning to see things say in
Italy where it's starting to break apart
from the EU it's talking about
nationalization it's talking about a
different currency so I would argue that
the great fear in terms of the next time
there's debt deflation or asset
deflation is that you will not see
concerted effort on the part of the
central banks because these various
countries no longer have that type of
political will that sort of game of you
know I'm loosening your tightening I'm
tightening you're loosening I can't
really tell that only works if there's a
global coordinated elitist effort like
what Christine Lagarde fielding phone
calls between everyone but I actually
think that Trump has wrecked that game
theory that game theory no longer exists
so the that what the US is doing is is
is playing 40 chess there they're
raising rates very aggressively
they've lower taxes and now they're
starting to take out a sniper rifle and
shoot all of their trading partners with
a very very intelligent reciprocal trade
policies okay when Trump says make
America great again
a lot of people were saying you know it
sounds isolationist
there's another side of the argument as
you are describing he's clearing the
board and saying we want to compete
globally and we want to reset the table
so it's not really isolationism it's
about engaging the world economically
and with trade but with the whole new
set of rules well he's a hundred percent
right in that the trading partners the
United States have been taking advantage
of the US for the last thirty years and
it seems to be attributed towards very
very dumb trade deals we know that's
true in the case of trade between the EU
and the United States so all he's doing
is he's pushing for reciprocity but he's
realized very early on that his
counterparties are not taking him
seriously so now I think that he and
Pete Navarro who's the economist that's
advising him are getting even more
aggressive but the key is Trump said
this once and I think it's a very
intelligent comment he said you can't
lose a trade war when you already have a
trillion dollars in trade deficits and
that seems to be something that no one
else has quite figured out on the old
joke like if you owe the bank a hundred
dollars you got a trouble but if you owe
the paper your hundred billion dollars
is their trouble right I I just I don't
think it's the same thing because
remember trade is a function of flow
it's not debt so with debt you if you
owe the bank debt you have to pay it
back trade everyone wakes up in the
morning and decides at that moment if
they want to cooperate with each other
they don't have to and I think that the
u.s. has been abused for a very long
time so if we go back to this whole
story of rates rising right now we're
seeing economic growth in the United
States but remember there there is
another side of this coin which I think
is is very relevant to our conversation
over the last eight years since the
Federal Reserve began to engage in
extraordinary monetary policy we've seen
a tremendous amount of new debt being
issued something in the order of twenty
trillion dollars of debt if you take a
look at say a company like McDonald's
ten years ago it had one quarter of the
amount of debt that it has its net
income hasn't grown much maybe by about
fifteen percent but it's debt is
exploded by maybe four hundred percent
so as rates begin to rise McDonald's has
to begin to think I have to pay more an
interest servicing than I did a year ago
two years ago I'm not gonna spend as
much in cow
expenditures so my theory is that you've
seen the bump from the capital spending
incentivized tax cuts but you're going
to start to see companies have to divert
their capital spending budgets towards
interest repayment and that's for the
triple-a companies let's begin to talk
about some of these idiots that have
been buying real estate at three four
percent capital before the idiots buying
real estate so companies taking a lot of
debt at these historic low rates has
been used often to buy back their own
stock but the idea now is you're saying
that that's going to be diverted to
interest rate payment on this debt and
that there's a lot smaller companies
however when it comes to their exposure
to debt but they are taking on a lot of
debt how is this gonna play out kind of
on the wholesale market I mean you take
a country like Japan there are three
hundred percent debt to GDP they've run
through all their domestic savings now
they're now looking for more credit
their credit starved if you look at the
geopolitical picture what's the really
the soft spot I mean Italy is obviously
a basket case but isn't like Japan
potentially where things start to get in
trouble well people have been calling
for the demise of Japan for thirty years
at trade has been a Widowmaker I my view
on Japan is that they have a very large
surplus of water and grains and then
they have taken over critical parts of
the supply chain for the automotive
industry and they also have very
important offtake agreements for all the
most important metals whether it's
copper or zinc and lead and tin so
that's why people always misunderstand
Japan the first cause is Japan as an
export driven country so people need
their exports and I think that's what
allows them to always devalue the yen
but if we take a step back to your
comments the the single most important
thing there is that I don't see a
scenario where the rest of the world can
have zero to negative interest rates
while the US has three percent rates
that simply won't last and it's not a
function of just a u.s. dollar rising
versus these currencies there really
begins to be a question of what
companies can afford to pay three four
five six percent Tesla bonds are trading
at nine percent Elon Musk is already
losing all this money there's no
way he can build out his dreams with
nine percent interest rates on 30 40
billion dollars of debt so I do believe
that while the gold bugs have been wrong
about this idea that rates couldn't rise
to three percent and by the way I was
one of those people that didn't think
great rates could rise to three percent
and I've openly said that I believe
rates are too high
I think they've raised rates way too
high way too fast and I don't think
you're going to see rates go much higher
because because I believe that it takes
a few quarters for the oil and the
sprockets to essentially grind to a halt
and that's what you're seeing so it so
rates have risen people are starting to
think about these things it's also
affecting the way market participants
allocate capital why would you allocate
capital towards high-risk investments
when you can make a three percent
risk-free yield today five percent
b-plus bond yield so I genuinely believe
that the gold story as it relates to
gold is is ret is where right now gold
could easily drop to maybe twelve
hundred dollars an ounce maybe even
eleven fifty but at a certain point in
the next three to six months it's going
to be clear that we can have no more
tightening we can't tighten anymore and
we have to start dealing with the next
crisis and the next crisis is going to
be very very interesting because you
don't have a global coordinated desire
to cooperate you you have everyone
looking out for their for their own self
every country looking out for their own
and you have a very very aggressive
Trump who by the way he's also
implementing ten twenty year plans you
know we haven't seen that in u.s.
politics forever twenty twenty two
thousand eight we saw something similar
where Lehman and the Bear Stearns were
sacrificed yeah there was the will to
cooperate ultimately Lehman was like no
and we don't want to be part of this
bailout so they were sacrificed so
you're saying this could happen out on a
global basis with these central banks to
say you know what we're actually in it
for ourselves you're not gonna go I
don't think the Euro will survive the
next crisis because I think that the
euro is is so vulnerable
you know Spain raised debt the other day
at 0.3% you know as your
zero point three negative rate that that
makes no sense
what about Argentina's 100-year bomb
well again Argentina is is one of these
basket cases where you know every few
years they just devalue the peso and
they just destroy their labor force and
they destroy their their populations
ability to achieve any form of long term
prosperity but I think the euro is more
interesting because there are cracks
beginning to manifest in the
relationship between the various members
of the European Union and I think that
when they see that Europe simply cannot
work with three percent rates Greece
can't work Italy certainly can't work
Spain can't work so so the next crisis
could almost in a weird way see the
United States do okay they will have a
debt deflation they will have a real
estate bust like we haven't seen in a
very long time but it could be like the
early 90s or the late 90s where you know
some of these real estate guys just get
wiped out finally because they got
bailed out last time but where the real
shocks are going to emanate from EU
emerging markets you know sort of like
we saw with the Asian crisis I believe
in the late 90s well right hold that
thought you know we were gonna get very
close to the gold but this is just a big
setup it's setting the table
now we're gonna dive into gold if you
can say for another segment sure okay
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the kinds of report with me max guys
aren't Stacy Herbert or I thank our
guest Roy subha he's the founder of gold
money in Benet if you want to reach us
on twitter it's Kaiser report it until
next time bye y'all
