welcome back so World Cup time and the
host nation may have lost out on
penalties against Croatia but
festivities here in Moscow carried on
all weekend
the Russian team has since returned from
Sochi and been on stage at the fan zone
near Luzhniki stadium where they thanked
their fans for their support
the system of the calendar store
well I'm here as Russia welcomes back
their heroes they may have gone out on
penalties to Croatia but they be welcome
back here to Moscow as they wanted we
just heard from the head coach stanislav
churches of when he spoke this whole
crowd she fell deathly silent he is a
man whose stock here in Russia has gone
through the roof because this wasn't a
team that was expected to do anything
this was a team that's expected to go
out at the opening rounds for what he
produced and what they created was a
team that has really caught the hearts
and minds of the Russian people if we
look at that asset Ian link the chair to
solve ends of goy EV link the and if we
look at the the big man up top I love a
big man up top we look at at Zuba he has
really driven opinion driven hearts
enlightened driven Russia forward as
well
standing on the sidelines telling the
fans that get up and support the team
against pain
what are those memories that will always
stay with me what tomorrow France clash
with Belgium in the semi-finals both
teams are favourites of the tournament
and in England play Croatia in Moscow on
Wednesday
you
