let me just say about Croatia and I've
set this right from the beginning this
is a proper football team they've got
really good players in every position
they got players who will fight to the
end
we saw it against Denmark we saw it in
the group phase they can play if they
have three games they can play to the
result and
they flew through that players like Zuba
touch hood just before the end of 90
minutes really look in in some
discomfort it seriously looked like he'd
done his hamstring and he carried on
played 30 minutes with what we don't
know yet whatever kind of injury very
mentally absolutely fantastic
he made three really big sage nice
cherry chef he really ran out of legs
the game continued but he thrilled the
home supporters with a finish that was
quite remarkable
his second spectacular gold his fourth
goal of the tournament it was well
outside the area curled it shaped it
into the top corner the keeper one of
the rare occasions when SuperSearch had
no chance and you thought when that went
in this could be resisting you think yes
now you have the upper hand but then you
still got an hour to play it is and I
keep saying the quarter-final of the
World Cup the other team has played
probably some of the best football in
the tournament to get to the
quarter-final so you know they've got
something to bring to the game so you
have to concentrate you have to focus
you have to be on top of everything once
you've gone up and Russia simply wasn't
on top of anything in the 39th minute
it wasn't when you've worked so hard and
get a spectacular goal to lead to give
it away with such poor defendants
there's a lack of concentration and you
don't leave someone like coverage
with five men five rushing players
around him in the box
they don't leave him on mind so that
that was obviously something that you
know it wasn't a great moment for Russia
and again I think I'm the third goal
that they've either scored the both of
the goals of us soft bald fat is to you
you kept saying no no no this is not
over this is not over
and I kept saying I can't see I just
can't see you've got to come back in
this but that fighter spirits five
minutes to go freaking just outside the
area alan dzagoyev the substitute he
come on it was a perfectly placed
freaking another free head who's Mary
Fernandez this is what it's
heartbreaking about the penalty shootout
Fernandez had a fantastic game was fall
back free header put it away
send the the home crowd and perhaps me
two hits it seems of ecstasy it was such
a thrilling finale
took us to the penalty shootout and
well the rest is history I think they
have everything to be proud of
everything should be proud of
they've created a couple of new world
class staff people know about the
Russian team now I think that journey
individual journey and in this woke up
from maybe we go two years back since if
they stopped in the euros haven't played
any competitive matches for two years
which is difficult really really
difficult because competitive matches
and friendly matches two different
things
and the way they picked it up the the
first game it was just it was just an
incredible journey to to follow and and
they've got us to say everything to be
proud and we now have names like Jairus
f10 is Joseph I mean it's gonna be
really interesting to see what's gonna
happen over the next you know we could
sue because he is hot property this is a
guy who can run and play and and all
these things you expect from a player
but he can score goals
Mario Fernandez my probably my favorite
player in this championship for them and
super I mean we haven't even mentioned
super starting striking game scored on
this very very first charge against
Saudi Arabia and it's just kept growing
and you have this big
big guy really big guy in terms of you
know our field player our field players
and he's technical very good he he's
physically very good I'm I didn't see
him as tired today but I think it's what
managers do they have planned of
something so he's just the one you take
off and I think in many ways GCS of will
regret second you know because he would
have been gold in that except half an
hour but he's another one who has just
shown himself to the world let's bring
in a man who I hope you didn't take
offense in this looks like I feel andrew
farmer was in the fish stadium watching
that match for us and you were just kind
of worth wiping daniel face there Andrew
and I can tell that you've been on that
same emotional journey but we've been on
two and everybody who was watching this
game in any way shape before what was it
like to be in there what was the kind of
the roller-coaster ride like I said it
Russia have a mountain to climb then
they were on top for eight minutes when
they got that incredible opening goal
and I was at the Luzhniki but again
before and the atmosphere in there
equaled it in fact my daughter's got I
was shouting to and the thing I loved
about that game it summed up for me when
I was running back I heard a Russian fan
saying we're at but what a beautiful
game
and it was that's exactly what it was
they went out in style right from the
right from the start the crowd were
behind them and even when grated we're
on top weren't made for large chunks of
that game I felt and the crowd were
whistling they're doing their part and
then right at the end they were still
willing the team on and even when Roy
Fernandes got that header they were
still trying to attack to be part of
that and to watch it it was a privilege
it's been an incredible evening full of
action and drama it's over for Russia
but the World Cup is much bigger than
that and it continues
you
