the organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons has issued an interim
report on the alleged use of chemical
weapons in April in the Syrian city of
Douma it says various chlorinated
substances were found in samples from
two sites yet the report also states no
nerve agents or related products were
detected the OPCW has not yet reached a
final conclusion about the allegations
the chemical attack in question was
reportedly carried out on April the 7th
a week later France the UK and the u.s.
launched airstrikes accusing President
Assad of using chemical weapons against
his own people
Russian military experts on the ground
though failed to find any trace of their
use but the attack by Western powers
went ahead regardless chemistry
professor James Hall says the organic
compounds the OPCW found at the site are
not necessarily related to any nerve
agents it means what they found are just
typical organic compounds that would be
present from an industrial cylinder it
has nothing to do with nerve agents the
organic compounds that they've found
were dichloro sc√©nic acid and
trichloroacetic acid and those are the
types of compounds that any any organic
chemistry lab or industrial site would
have those are used as skin treatment
agents used for wart removal that has
nothing to do with a chemical agent some
Western media outlets were quick to
react to the report with the BBC even
claiming proof of chemical weapons had
been found though they've since
corrected the headline to reflect the
fact the OPCW has yet to reach a
conclusion back in April after the
alleged attack US officials were also
eager to jump to conclusions the United
States has excellent intelligence
gathering as we saw what happened with
information that led us to believe that
sarin and chlorine gas were used in this
most recent attack we certainly had a
lot of media and social media indicators
that either chlorine or sarin were used
james tour also told us he had been
Skeptical all along about whether that
chemical attack had ever actually took
place just looking at the the attack
looking at the cylinders I knew that
this was not a chemical weapons attack
if anything there may have been some
cylinders that may have been exploded
but those were typical industrial
cylinders of common compounds that
nothing to do with a chemical weapons
attack and that's why the the report has
said that there are no no chemical
weapons agents were found at all whether
they be being nerve agents or chemical
agents or mustard agents none of the
agents or their byproducts their
degradation products were found
you
