now time that the Russian state comes
forward and explains exactly what has
gone on it is completely unacceptable
for our people to be either deliberate
or accidental targets all for our
streets our parks our towers to be
dumping grounds for poison you know the
offer is still there to the Russian
state to try and assist us to tell us
what happened because that would
definitely help keep the people of
Salisbury safe meanwhile the Russian
president spokesperson has commented on
the incident saying that Russia denies
any involvement in the incidents Dmitry
Peskov underlined that Moscow is now
concerned that nerve agents have
apparently been used again in Europe
with so many unknowns in the story one
thing is for sure though the British
media are having a field day speculating
anew on Russia's alleged involvement as
Arty's more at gas D ever explains could
Putin have really done it ordered secret
agents to poison a random drug addict
and his homeless girlfriend with a
lethal nerve agent all in the middle of
a flawless World Cup with billions
watching Russia yeah he could if you
watch TV enough espionage and intrigue
once again striking this sleepy corner
of England that may have been left by
the assailants who attacked the script
pals either it was left there during the
preparation or after that attack Russian
intelligence was behind this but the
fact is Vladimir Putin has flat-out
denied it he's refused to cooperate with
Britain and we don't we simply don't
know how many more people can be it can
come into contact with this think about
it it makes perfect sense a drug addict
picks up no one quite knows what next he
does something no one seems to know what
though suddenly he's in hospital for
almost a week being treated for what no
one knew what with this much evidence
how could you not blame Russia it could
only have been Putin just like it was
last time you argue that the source of
farthest north edge and Navi choke is
Russia how did you manage to find it out
so quickly look at the the evidence I
mean the people from from Portland I'm
they were absolutely categorical and I
asked the guy myself I said are you sure
and he said that there's no doubt we
have not verified the precise source so
to be clear you're not able at Porton
down to say where it is from we haven't
yet been able to do that I was being
very clear I thought I was being very
clear to dock Ciavarella the the German
program which is that Portland out and
told us in absolutely no uncertain terms
that this was a military grade not
insured
they knew what age it is not the
business of port and and I didn't I
didn't know whether it's even possible
for them to identify the origin in all
seriousness it's an interesting
narrative we have going here last time
Britain's accusations were seemingly
founded on a highly likely assessment
therefore it's highly likely that it's
highly likely that it's all Russia's
fault the decisions taken by the Russian
government to deploy these in Salisbury
on March the fourth was reckless because
there's no alternative explanation to
the events in March
other than the Russian state was
responsible we have already seen
multiple explanations from
state-sponsored Russian media regarding
this latest incident we can anticipate
further disinformation from the Kremlin
as we saw following the Salisbury attack
we've come full circle
they sat there four months ago making
the same claims something happens accuse
Russia arguments collapse then quiet
something happens again straight away
they accuse Russia you can guess what
comes next
security analyst and former intelligence
officer Charles Shoebridge told us the
media is now full of conflicting report
conflict in arguments all sides citing
different experts qualified to varying
degrees it must be said to talk about
this subject some of whom are still
saying that a novel chock such as is
described can easily be washed off hands
by just using baby wipes as indeed the
police seem to be suggesting today and
their advice to people and on the other
hand it's extremely persistent and will
last forever according to one newspaper
article on it this morning
and of course crucially what's really
missing in a British media coverage of
this and American media coverage of this
is that some four months and a day
really now after the Scriven incident
which we can I think assume to some
degree at least is probably linked to
this instant in Amesbury but still four
months later despite one of the most
intensive investigations in British
criminal history there is still no
evidence been publicly produced of any
suspects or to link this case with
Russia
you
