but in Ecuador has issued an arrest
warrant for former President Rafael
Correa over allegations that he was
involved in the kidnapping of a
right-wing opposition lawmaker in 2012
the judges requested that interval
extradite the ex leader from Belgium
where he now lives the kidnapping of
Fernando bel de took place in the
Colombian city of Bogota police
discovered the abduction after a few
hours though and he was unhurt
Baldur says he believes the former
Ecuadorian president masterminded the
incident although couriers repeatedly
denied any involvement
the former opposition politician was in
Colombia after he'd fled Ecuador to
avoid facing charges of involvement in a
coup attempt against Korea in 2010
Felder was later sentenced to a year in
prison for conspiring against the
Ecuadorian government a former president
correa claims the arrest warrant out for
EM shows he's being persecuted for
political reasons they cannot defeat us
in elections so they tried to defeat us
using the judicial system so we have to
stop that that is not democracy and they
are invented whatever they want because
they are controlling everything the
media and the judicial system the
National Assembly etc in order to
pursuit especially left leftist leaders
but in the case of the color myself and
my government team all this is a show
all this is a very plentiful strategy in
order to prevent myself to return to my
country to be candidate again and even
more to for instance a stop the
presidential security the security for
the from me they stopped I don't have
any more security from the Ecuadorian
state so they want me also dead
you
