hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
Donald Trump will soon visit Europe he
has a very busy agenda and it's unclear
what kind of reception he will get
topping his itinerary will be trade
relations NATO and Russia never before
has an American president been expected
with so much apprehension the Trump
jugger knot continues
crosstalking estranged allies I'm joined
by omegas Markus Papadopoulos in London
he's the editor of politics first
magazine in Oxford we have Ted C he's a
senior policy consultant at British
American security information council
and in Oslo
we have Glenn DS and he is a visiting
scholar at the higher School of
Economics all right gentlemen crosstalk
rules in effect that means he can jump
in anytime you want and I always
appreciate Marcus let me go to you first
in London with the advent of Donald
Trump and I'm not even saying the
administration of Donald Trump but up
Donald Trump is his vision of America
first compatible with the mission that
we are told by the think tanks and the
4,000 NATO bureaucrats they are the two
compatible NATO's mission and Donald
Trump
go ahead Marco's yes I do believe that
and I believe that one and a half years
into Donald Trump's presidency he has
clearly and categorically demonstrated
that he's like his predecessors I said
on crosstalk during his election
campaign in 2016 and afterwards that
there would be no changes to American
foreign policy under a trump presidency
and that there would be no changes to
NATO under a trump presidency I think a
lot of people will live in in cloud
cuckoo-land or there were ideological
reasons for why people really thought
mr. Trump was going to train change
American foreign policy and of course he
hasn't done anything like that under him
he has increased NATO's presence on the
western borders of the Russian
Federation and of course he has now
directly involved America in Syria twice
he has attacked Syria with cruise
missiles on the first occasion in April
2017 that cruise missile attack resulted
in the deaths of 20 Syrian soldiers and
NATO under mr. Trump is strong and it's
getting stronger last year mr.
Trump agreed to the accession to NATO of
Montenegro some people laughter that but
these people don't understand the
significance of that
now that Montenegro is in NATO it is in
NATO
that means NATO is now the sole master
of the Adriatic Sea and soon Macedonia
will apply and then Ukraine will apply
it amongst the Trump it's agreed okay
Marcus Lim let me go let me go to Teddy
in Oxford but they're having what you
just said there are a lot of other
people are saying that he wants to tweak
the NATO alliance not a dismantle it I
mean you know Angela Merkel for example
the relationship that Trump has with
Angela Merkel not very good we know that
there's a he wants a review of the
number of American troops that are in
Germany finding it that way you know you
know it's 70 plus years after the end of
the Second World War there's what 35,000
troops there he's saying the same thing
about South South Korea and we have you
know it's just not about NATO it's also
about trade relations and it seems to me
that I kind I guess I'll kind of answer
my own question is that I don't think
America first is compatible with
traditional American foreign policy
leads to pillars of it not to say that
those pillars are going to disappear go
ahead your take on it Ted in Oxford
thank you very much Peter I think we
have to look at the multiplicity of
Trump policies across the board and not
just try and narrowly focus on what we
usually call foreign policy because I
think that's a huge mistake I would
argue in the first place that I tend to
agree with you that Trump is a
subversive element when it comes to the
traditional NATO alliance because he's
questioning its integrity and its
existence in a backhanded manner but
more importantly by focusing on trade
and by starting what some people are
regarding as a tariff war but I don't
personally he's challenging the WTO and
the fundamentals of international
political and economic discourse since
the end of World War two and then beyond
that he's also very much against open
borders he's very much interested in
limiting migration and Refugee movements
into the u.s.
and I think he's sending a signal to
Europeans that that kind of politics can
be very popular as we've already
discovered in Italy in other places
that's good point let's go to Oslo Glen
Trump's real mantra when it comes to
NATO he's not interested in tanks and
planes and whatnot he's interested in
money ok and he has not let this go
he keeps pounding away at it I mean you
know he said a few news cycles ago is
that the EU is just as bad as China ok I
mean he wants people to pay their way I
mean if you well I have the numbers
right here Germany only pays 1.1 percent
of its a GDP of three point eight
trillion dollars that's a year okay it's
supposed to pay two percent and if NATO
is all about you know facing off Russia
well Germany's GDP is three times
Russia's okay so I mean we'll get to the
Russia angle soon but basically he wants
everybody to pay their bills and that's
how he's being the disrupter go ahead
Glenn you know I agree with that
assessment because he is quite
militaristic and to a certain extent
more aggressive than Obama in both
Ukraine in Syria however I think that he
still contributes to the crisis in the
Alliance simply because he expresses
this extreme hostility towards paying
for the security of allies but more
importantly Trump has often questioned
the value of NATO itself the cold war's
been over for some time and he merely
ceased I mean as coming from terrorism
and China so I actually see Trump's lack
of commitment to this be a Cold War
security architecture as being his
strength that's it they could make him
more prepared to strike deals as a
multipolar world emerges and this
effectively undermines NATO however I I
don't think he comes to Russia bearing
gifts I think it's more different
priorities and as we see with trade the
WTO with NATO it's at the end of the day
it's all about money and I guess
yeah his main concern is that this is
how umpires die when wealth is diverted
from the core to the periphery the core
begins to crumble okay well you know
Marcus I think I actually think this is
part of trumps strategy because this is
the Achilles heels of the NATO alliance
they don't want to pay their way they
want the Americans to do it and Trump is
saying no more of that and we have the
prospect and I think it's actually kind
of genius in a way you know he's gonna
meet with Putin afterwards in Helsinki
and everyone's trembling in their boots
he might make a deal we might make a
deal what deal would that be I mean I
find watching what Western mainstream
used to be this hysterical okay because
usually don't know what they're talking
about but he's using this as making a
deal but he's meeting with the NATO
allies first and I can to thank my am
reading of this to see saying what are
you going to offer me NATO I already
told you what I'm interested in oh and
by the way I'm gonna be meeting Vlad
later I think it kind of prompts the
Europeans to get their act together and
how to deal with Donald Trump because
obviously if you read the mainstream
press there's a lot of antipathy towards
the American president go ahead Marcus
well I agree in that Donald Trump is
first and foremost a businessman I
believe that he ran for president to
further his own personal business
interests and to expand his business
empire let's not forget for many decades
he has had long personal ties to both
Saudi Arabia and Israel in the first six
months of his presidency he signed
defense contracts of Saudi Arabia
totaling hundreds of billions of dollars
now that demonstrates he's not going to
change American foreign policy but he is
going to enhance it if it benefits him
now in regard to NATO what Donald Trump
has raised the issue about how much a
NATO member states are contributing to
the defense budget each year yes but
also the British prime minister has done
that and other leaders within NATO have
done that as well but that does not mean
he doesn't believe in the objectives of
NATO or the remit of NATO when in the
last year and a half as I said earlier
NATO has increased its presence on
Russia's Western
borders who gave permission to that it
wasn't to resume it wasn't yet
Stoltenberg nATO is America Donald Trump
put his signature on paper to consent to
a NATO build-up an increased NATO
buildup on Russia's western borders we
mustn't be under an illusion about
Donald Trump yeah okay
but I think let me go to Ted here but I
think you can make the argument that
that is essentially being forced upon
the Trump administration because of the
laughable hysterical illusion called
Russia game yes but that's the bomber
administration but I tend to think that
they're extraneous things going on here
Ted I think also what Trump is doing
when it comes to budgets is it well if
Russia is such a threat to you well then
why don't you pay up I mean you know yet
you know if you're afraid whew I don't
want you won't want you pay more I mean
then if you're not afraid then you know
then you have to rethink about the whole
nature of NATO okay wait I think we own
all our viewers know that Trump ran a
campaign with bettery having better
relations with Russia he's he's
fulfilling his his campaign promise okay
where a will go is anyone's guess go
ahead Ted thank you the business about
building up the presence on Russia's
border that's a NATO process that
requires consensus among all allies and
that's been in play for a lot longer
than Donald Trump's presidency that's
the culmination of plans that started
about 10 or 12 years ago quite frankly
even before the incidents in in Georgia
and Ukraine and now that has come to
fruition but it didn't cost America
anything so it's a concession that
President Trump could easily make
because it's not adding to his bottom
line very much at all only really
fractionally on the margins but here's
the thing
he's log rolling he's making a
concession on that point but he's going
to expect logs to be rolled in his
direction in turn I think you're exactly
right I think he's pushing the 2% of GDP
defense spending by everyone across the
board in NATO on a very serious basis
because if countries in NATO don't agree
to it it's going to add to the
Republican vote in 2018 and it's going
to add to the
and vote in 2020 when President Trump
Trump is up for re-election okay well
that that's very interesting because it
it gives this opportunity we row I like
that logs rolling in his direction and
we'll discuss what he could expect for
that here all right gentlemen I'm gonna
jump in here we're gonna go to a short
break and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on a strange to
allies stay with our team welcome back
to crosstalk we're all things to
consider I'm Peter Lee well to remind
you were discussing estranged allies
okay let's go do I'm back to Glenn and
Oslo I think you know if we know that
this is summit with a Trump and Putin
it's gonna be their first one-on-one it
is a summit in a traditional sense and
we have already a precedent that what
kind of summits that Trump likes with
and that is Singapore and Trump went
there he went there with big ideas he
left with big ideas I think his approach
to the press after the meeting with Kim
was a less than sterling I thought he
was a bit short in explaining details
because there not a lot of details but
there's a feeling among some people that
Trump is gonna want to make a big all
encompassing deal Ukraine Syria Crimea
he's a showman and he likes the
spotlight here what are the chances in
your mind that he will at least try to
do that go ahead Glenn well I think it's
a good possibility as he has hinted
towards the need to get along with
Russia even though this has created some
fear within NATO and in order to do this
he might be trying to put together a
great deal and again on one hand he
seems prepared to put a lot of pressure
on Russia in terms of the buildup in
Ukraine and in Syria on the other hand
he is also more capable of offering
something in return as he doesn't it he
seems quite happy about breaking with
his NATO allies and if he would come to
this summit and for example offer
Ukraine or Crimea in exchange for Syria
I don't think anyone would really be
that surprised if he made such a
proposal so and again as you correctly
pointed out I think he really wants to
bring in a big victory home and of
course making peace with Russia would be
a great price now on top of it he hasn't
really made any secrets that he sees
China's being the main rival and in
Italy
as Trump's position is actually quite
reasonable because the US spend a
fortune on its military deployments in
Europe and well what does it achieve it
alien it's Russia and pushes Russia to
China which is the main challenger of
the US so I think that well what Trump's
will probably try to do is to scale back
the military he will at least be willing
to negotiate the scaling back of the
military nearer and the vert is money
back home and instead allow big
countries like Russia and China Iran to
balance each other but of course I'm
it's very dangerous to make predictions
about this man so exactly Marcus let me
give two go to you because Glenn said
you to make peace with Russia we're not
at war folks okay I mean if no matter
what the media says or there isn't a
real war yet at least here Marcus I I
saw you not disagreeing and you know and
I know where you're coming Friday I
absolutely know where you're coming from
because it seems to me again if I can go
back to the Singapore precedent where's
the detail okay the bureaucracy
bureaucracy is not behind him his own
people are not really behind him I don't
see that happening
and that's why I think it's kind of
interesting this Helsinki thing might be
a repeat of that I mean it might look
great it might be optics and handshakes
and back-slapping taking dandruff off
someone but at the same time I don't
think that there's can be one magic wand
that's gonna take care of all these
problems because they're too many
bureaucracies part of the
military-industrial complex and the deep
state that have so many vested interests
in all the conflicts that we just
mentioned it's not gonna be easy not by
a long shot
go ahead Marcus look Peter you know I
don't like any American president B
Obama is Bush Bill Clinton if Hillary
would run I will I will always support
communication and I support this meeting
between Trump and Putin like I supported
the meeting between Trump and Kim
jong-un even if they disagree on 99
percent at least it might be 1 percent
where they agree on and that is good for
world peace and world stability but
Russia has these key demands firstly
that
the American missile defense system in
Western Europe is dismantled that
America withdraws NATO from Russia's
western borders and that America puts
into writing that NATO will not laugh
lust after Ukraine or Moldova or Georgia
now Donald Trump indeed no American
president is ever go into consent to
that - uh very quick points Peter NATO
only acts if America says so if the rest
of NATO wanted to do something but
Washington was against it with NATO it
wouldn't happen but also as well I know
that when you become president the
machines of the American government they
come round you sure they do but if we're
going to say that deep state is
responsible for what's happening now
with Trump then we have to apply that to
Obama in his election couch in 2008 what
did he say
I want a reset with relations with
Russia I don't want any more Wars of
intervention and say well now what
happened under Obama all American
presidents are the same it's the system
the system is entrenched and the system
is reprehensible in my humble opinion
yes okay you want to jump in there Glenn
that's the point of the program go ahead
I just wanted to make one one small
comment regarding the bombs previously
said before the break in terms of
trumping all this is self-serving I
don't necessarily agree with I see in my
book very much defines as an economic
nationalist and I would point out that
we don't necessarily doesn't necessarily
need a deal with Trump as this is a man
who's been complaining publicly since
the late 1970s about the u.s. drowning
in debt in order to pay for the security
of its allies so given that for 40 years
he's been arguing that allies should pay
the u.s. I think I think this lack of
commitment essentially would make any
deal more possible rather than him
having the ability to essentially work
within all of these structures okay it's
a very good point you know Ted you know
it occurred to me it occurred to me
earlier today is that III think the
Trump has this like this envelope in his
pocket and he has a list of all of his
campaign promises and he's like he's
going through and he's checking those
boxes okay because he's focused on that
he doesn't have a grand strategy for
anything actually he he's looking at the
midterm elections and he's looking at
his re-election in 2020 and he's looking
at his Nobel Peace Prize he's looking at
all of these things here if it and
that's why you know in in Canada if he
annoys the others in the g7 who cares
because it's not on his envelope list
okay
he doesn't care all right and he's gonna
go meet with Vladimir Putin well you
know he's already been accused of being
a Russian spy and and and working with
the Kremlin all that I mean that's
already baked in okay I mean it's it's
old it's boring for most of the public
so I think you know he says get rid of
relations with ruther check I met Putin
I did I committed myself I kept my
promise I actually think he thinks that
way go ahead Ted well as someone who was
a member of the American Foreign Service
for 26 years by the way I was in the
same training class as the former
ambassador James Melville I've seen a
lot of the deep State in action and I
partially agree that the deep State gets
its hooks in every American president
but I partially disagree and I'll tell
you why I watched
Barack Obama go to Prague and say he
wants to think about a world without
nuclear weapons and then I saw the
Department of Defense in the Department
of Energy close in on him even behind
his back with our own allies at NATO
even when he was going around saying
we're going to have a nuclear-free world
and we're gonna make some great
fantastic nuclear free deals and I'm
gonna leave my footprints in the hands
of you know in the sands of history is
the great disarmer didn't happen because
his own people from DoD and do-e were
going around NATO to the capitals of
countries that were interested in
maintaining the nuclear status quo and
saying don't budge an inch
we've got this Obama will be gone sooner
or later
don't give in on any concessions on
nuclear Paul
see okay and that's exactly what
happened now why I disagree about Donald
Trump is it he's not a politician he's a
businessman he didn't write a book
called the art of the status quo he
wrote a book called the art of the deal
and he's in the process of making deals
in a lot of different ways now one of
the deals he's making right now is with
the deep state because he's currently
undermining and undoing the Department
of Justice and the FBI and their attacks
on his presidency he's going to win that
fight Mueller has nothing on him on
Russia collusion because there was no
Russia collusion and meanwhile Trump is
peeling off FBI agents one by one who've
all been foolish enough to leave email
trails saying where they were partisan
political actors for the previous
administration so watch that space I
think Donald Trump is able unlike
uniquely unlike other American
presidents to peel himself free of the
worst parts of the deep state Marcus
Wayne on that because that would be I
guess world historic I mean at least in
the modern American presidency
I mean reflecting about what Ted just
said there what about remember Ronald
Reagan and a world without nuclear
weapons I mean it's not the first time
it's been said I mean and Reagan was
quite serious about that I've read
memoirs about it you know and everybody
around him like oh no no no you don't
want to go that far here okay I mean
it's really interesting what Ted said
because you know it is a kind of a the
cards are stacked here but I want to go
back to what I said earlier I just don't
think that Trump does have a vision his
he wants it cheaper once everybody pay
their way cuz he thinks that's more fair
but I don't think there's any kind of
you know I I want to re re jig the
entire architecture of the Western
security world I don't think he has
those thoughts okay in between
cheeseburgers okay he's just gonna say
he's gonna go back he's gonna go back to
Fargo to a rally and say I made them pay
up and everyone's gonna cheer and you
know what not a bad idea go ahead Marcus
yes I mean you know in regard to Obama
I was bitterly critical of his
presidency but I would say this at least
when he left the White House the Saudis
and the Israelis were celebrating now
that's a compliment in itself we can't
say the same about Donald Trump because
when Donald Trump became president the
Saudis in the Israelis had their man in
the White House
and of course what has he done he has
worked very closely alongside deep state
or I prefer thee the traditional
expression the American establishment in
strengthening strengthening America's
relationship with Israel and with Saudi
Arabia as I said in April 2017 something
like six hundred billion dollar arms
contract he signed with Saudi Arabia
that is absolutely and the people of
Yemen around it at the short end of the
stick of that - okay we're all the
people were the people in your men they
haven't noticed the difference have they
we've Donald Trump becomes president
Glenn let me go to you we're almost out
of time here but there I think I'm gonna
backtrack a little bit I think Trump
does have one thing he wants to deal
with in his presidency and it's Iran we
don't have time to talk about it but for
the very reasons that Marcus just said
go ahead we have 30 seconds Glenn go
ahead well Iran becomes a very different
situation than Russia of course and it's
quite possible that when he goes to
Russia he might want to deal on Iran but
keep in mind that Iran Russia burned
itself on this with the Obama
administration by essentially accepting
the Americans dropping or the missile
defense system in return for sanctions
on Iran but we saw what happened
NATO returned with missile defense as a
NATO asset so I don't think that yeah
Trump is gonna be able to get Russian
cooperation against Iran again okay on
that note we started with NATO we ended
up with with with the around that's all
the time we have gentlemen many thanks
to my gifts in London Oxford and in Oslo
and thanks to our viewers for watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember crosstalk rules
you
