you know it can sound harsh when when I
when I say it like that but the stakes
are so high there is so I mean you look
at who's gone through and who's gone out
what's left in this world cup and any of
the teams that are through now any of
the eight teams will fancy their chances
this is an opportunity to win the World
Cup
you got Brazil in there Brazil I'm not
firing on all cylinders they're not
playing well you got Belgium would
probably you know the second-best team
we saw that yesterday in their game
against Japan probably the best team at
the moment or the best performing team
out of these last 16 was France they
played really well they stepped it up a
little but everybody else it's gone a
bit cautious and that went for Colombia
and England today so you can see that
here now we got on the 7th of July we
got England playing Sweden that's very
same day Russia they play Croatia in
Saatchi and then the day before we've
had Belgium Brazil and Uruguay and
France and to be completely honest of
the 8 teams we've seen them all in this
knockout stage I have no idea and no
inkling and no sense of who is good
enough now to go all the way and I think
that's what a lot of people have enjoyed
about this World Cup so far that it does
look wide open not many people would
have even fancied Sweden to be facing
England in that big game in there the
quarter-final in Samara July 7th a 5:00
p.m. kickoff our time here in Moscow I
say they might not a fancy Sweden after
they saw them lose agonizing ladies
German the Swedes have rallied there'll
be a tough prospect now for it
absolutely we see we've seen the
greatest Sweden we saw a Sweden lose to
Germany on a Sunday night and they lost
very very cruelly to our Toni Kroos
free-kick in the 96 minutes literally
the last kick of the game and then
Wednesday night they had to play
possibly the best playing team in the
tournament up until that point in Mexico
we're dissing I that's not a lot of days
in between and they hammered them three
now so the mental chop the chocolate or
the Swedish the team is incredible we
just seen
time and time again but I have to
commend England they kept the heads
cooled they did win this and in the
penalty shootout and it's only happened
once in name Martin time oh it's only
ever happens one everyone equally won
one of their previous seven penalty
shootouts a major tournament and it is a
problem that has been addressed by
Gareth Southgate and his team according
to the England manager they've been
practicing penalty since March he said
they've been studying penalties and that
they'd actually come up with a strategy
we don't know what that was but they had
a strategy for the penalty shootout and
it worked and it's all yeah he wrote
today it's all very well and and you
know as long as he believed in that and
the players believe in that then it adds
a little bit to that situation but what
you cannot practice you cannot practice
pressure you can't I mean you can't take
penalties under pressure in training
it's impossible you stood in the Hat on
the halfway line you have to walk all
the way up to the penalty spot and to
take these penalties what England did
today was fantastic but they also had a
little bit alive because Jordan Hill
doesn't miss the third penalty and then
the fourth penalty for Colombia hit
d'Ivoire so it was sort of kind of not
not something they did well but
circumstances took them there and then
the opportunity came to them and that
moment they took a and and that was that
was really well
you
