deep divisions along party lines and
fears over immigration have raised
concerns for the ultimate fate of the
u.s. almost a third of Americans polled
said they thought a second civil war was
possible Kalib Maupin picks up the story
pretty hard to believe sounds almost
like clickbait or internet
sensationalism but it turns out that a
number of Americans actually do believe
that civil war is a possibility
furthermore the same poll indicated that
roughly 60% of Americans believe that
backlash to Donald Trump's policies
could turn violent the debate
surrounding Trump's immigration policies
and the media fuming over it the gun
control debate and the White House and
the intelligence community not getting
along
that has been quite explosive at times a
member of the US Congress recently
raised eyebrows when he compared the
current atmosphere to the lead-up to the
u.s. Civil War the way he put it the USA
could be headed toward Fort Sumter that
was the symbolic attack by slave states
secessionists that launched war back in
there's even now talk of 24/7 security
for members of the Trump administration
congresswoman Maxine Waters makes no
bones about the fact that she's ready to
take the fight against Donald Trump way
beyond Capitol Hill and the voting booth
and if you see anybody from that cabinet
maxine waters herself has now been
flooded with a number of threats and
actually canceled several speaking
events so let's see how people on the
streets of New York feel about the
rising polarization of American society
what percent do you think said it was
possible in the next five years I would
have to guess at that I'm let me let me
go for fifty eight percent sixty six six
think it was possible I start here forty
maybe thirty percent you're very close
thirty one percent what do you think
they're getting at why would they think
that you know that is such a possibility
thirty one percent saying there could be
a civil war maybe you because of the gun
controls maybe because of an immigration
we're having a lot of problems right now
with the president with foreign policy
with the immigrant children just too
much going on all at the same time and a
lot of people are scared and a lot of
people are anxious a lot of dissension
among Americans and a lot of fear
and that creates that kind of
possibility after Donald Trump won the
highly divisive 2016 presidential
election he called for unity of the
American people but now opposition to
the president has become so uncivil that
it's actually stoking fears of a new
civil war caleb Maupin RT new york
