at least seven suspicious packages have
been sent to politicians and also a
major news outlet in the u.s. it was
revealed that the packages contained
explosive devices the New York mayor
called the incidents an act of terror
this is a very painful time in our
nation it's a time when people are
feeling a lot of hatred in the air in
addition to New York City Mayor Bill
DeBlasio we have heard from the NYPD's
counterterrorism chief and he has
confirmed that four of the explosive
devices that arrived in suspicious
packages seemed have had the same source
the devices that were sent to Barack
Obama and to the home of Hillary and
Bill Clinton the device that was
detonated on Monday at the home of
billionaire George Soros and the device
that was found at CNN's headquarters all
seemed to have the exact same source
they seem to have come from the same
person the device was capable of going
off these are pipe bomb like explosives
now we're also hearing at that at this
point in addition to the package
containing the explosive there has also
been a package containing suspicious
white powder discovered at the CNN
headquarters explosive devices and to
have projectiles and that's a excuse me
that sounds like a fire alarm here we'll
keep you posted on that we evacuated the
lights were turned off and as we got
higher CNN team was also evacuated in
addition to that we're hearing that at
this point Andrew Cuomo New York City
Governor his office has had a package
discovered at it the office of Maxine
Waters prominent Democrat in California
has been evacuated the office of Debbie
wasserman-schultz former chair of the
Democratic National Committee in Florida
has also been evacuated now Hillary
Clinton has spoken up in response to
today's events talking about
divisiveness in US politics this is
Hillary Clinton but it is a troubling
time isn't it and it's a time of deep
divisions and we have to do everything
we can to bring our country together
now this fits in with a pattern of
escalating political violence throughout
the United States though there have been
a number of elected officials both
Democrats and Republicans who have
received hateful threats you know we've
seen shootings and other incidents now
most recently we heard from Rand Paul
the the wife of Senator Rand Paul
talking about how she's taken some extra
precautions in light of all the threats
that she and her husband have received
this is the wife of a US senator from
Kentucky
you know we've updated all of our
security systems at home we I sleep with
a loaded gun by my bed you know now
information is continuing to surface we
do know that the Time Warner building in
Columbus Circle in New York City is
still evacuated at this point and a lot
of questions are being raised people are
wondering what exactly is happening but
as of now we do have this word from the
NYPD's counterterrorism chief that at
least four of the explosive devices
probably had the same source on the US
president vowed to get to the bottom of
the incident saying there's no place
political violence in the country in
these times we have to unify we have to
come together and send one very clear
strong unmistakable message that acts or
threats of political violence of any
kind have no place in the United States
of America
you
