month of June wasn't too good for the
White House in the court of public
opinion lots of media rates Trump over
the coals for the treatment of migrant
families along the US border now in the
denunciation of the Donald Latino
Americans took center stage we saw the
president just a few moments ago on
Twitter tweeting again that this was the
Democrats fault and not acknowledging at
all that he has the ability to stop it
with perhaps just a phone call it's not
right it's immoral it's inhumane and we
need to stop that and we've known since
Donald Trump came down those stairs
calling Mexicans rapists and criminals
we've known that we as American citizens
would be on watch but according to a
Harvard Harris Poll thirty five percent
of Americans who identify as Hispanic
either approve or somewhat approve of
the Trump administration's policies now
that survey was conducted after Trump
signed an executive order ending the
separation of illegal migrant families
back in May those numbers were only 25
percent can a single executive order
really explain a spike in approval this
high now 57 percent of Hispanic
Americans according to another poll
approval of Donald Trump's economic
policies we decided to speak to some
folks in the local Latino community to
see if they can explain these poll
numbers have no explanation
definitely not my kind of people I think
it's because people
listen to glowing Trump and they believe
what he says makes no sense at all of
course it's mostly Hispanics at the
border that are being denied entry with
their children so I can't speak for them
do you think maybe there's other issues
that are important to them I think that
they're probably unaware of exactly
what's going on as most of us are what
would be some reason that that people in
Hispanic communities would support Trump
I mean what possible reason could there
being um I guess I mean he's smart
financially much of all his reaction
perhaps because I think he did say and
his wife did say that you know that they
do want to connect the families again
and they want to make a civilized
process yes there's a lot of pros and
cons but still overall he wants to make
America great again now the media is
very good at telling us how we should be
feeling however a more nuanced look at
the data can sometimes throw up some
surprising results okay with Maupin RT
New York
you
