I am so happy I can introduce Elia GOG
who's the president of Lokomotiv Moscow
back to this studio thank you very much
for joining us when we spoke the last
time you were very apprehensive and very
cautious about the Russian chances I was
what do you think now what could I say
all nations in shock now we are all
above any expectations so we were
celebratin was still on the clouds with
we are we're still I don't know it's in
different world but you said I know
previously this would be the achievement
we want to get out of the group stage
that's a great result but how much do
you dare to dream now because when
you've beaten the team like Spain I know
but if you've beaten Spain why not
Croatia then you find yourself in
enchanted territory a true now we have
chances to be in semi-final and I you
know since I'm afraid to pronounce it
even the semi-final in Russia it's
something and you know different
dimension but ok why not why we could
dream now we work with the you work with
football players in your job and your
job is present for looking too much and
you have a lot of experience working
with Russian football players just just
for people who don't really know Russian
football players mentality very well
just put us in the picture how how would
how are they dealing with the situation
like that do they have what it takes to
take it to the next step or have they
already taken it to the next day I think
now they they they they became the
national hero they feel it they
absolutely make up the hearts of lions
now they could go
somewhere I don't know somewhere else
but yeah we've never been on this
territory before you should understand
it and some guys are really the young
guys and okay they could be brave they
could go so well we don't know what
expected we think they have the
mentality to deal with this because as
you say they're national heroes now
everywhere they go their lives that
they've changed forever
so they step into a completely new way
of do you think they'd be able to deal
with this I know for sure we will give a
game to to Croatia we will give them a
game they will they will see us from the
outside
I think well we'll see now but it's
already it's already is a big
achievement already for us we it's it's
totally something unexpected for
everyone if you ask any journalist in
Russia in Russian media no one no one
expected a good bit
we're just picking up on what you said
somebody like Igor Akinfeev
you know he's a veteran he's one of the
most capped players in the Russian team
in Russian history yesterday I know I
saw it
lots of people fairly new to football
doing internet searches on him wanting
to know more about him as a person is he
married is he got children who is this
guy so there's a whole new fan base
people talking about putting statues up
a thin will this momentum be able to now
spawn a whole new generation of football
fans because this is another level it's
not just one match now this is another
level in terms of just Fame celebrity
and awareness absolutely it's true we
got a huge investments and not in our
industry in the football in it in us it
will feel it now we became you know the
real real football in Russia we became a
true footballer kinetics but before that
it was kind of joke Russian food well
it's always the comedian's the stand-up
comedy they always had so many jokes
about us now we are serious and the they
should should took us as a real heroes
and it's for a while industries it's
very hard to really to do this to do
this sort of the new situation how's it
gonna affect your football club now this
will have so many more new fans so more
interests from every side from sponsors
from the fans from the public from the
media and they will took us seriously
now and you know it's it's it's very
very important it's it's hard to you
know to recruit players from from other
countries as well I think yes definitely
a hundred percent so now they all see
that we we have serious not only ice ice
hockey but the football as well and
obviously you're looking at this through
the eyes of a fan in one way but what
about the businessman the thought the
football entrepreneur are you looking
out for potential signings while you're
watching this World Cup yeah sure yeah
everyone will see us as a potential
platform for to achieve the fans to to
build their brand individuality to bring
it to the fans so we've never now seen
any place that you want to bring the
local it's you can't say because it puts
the price up yes we'll take it a little
bit have you sign anyone
not yet now I'm not getting you support
or not now the markets you know we all
expect them there they vote compasses oh
and then as a prison look a football
club
I guess you're aware of this coming into
a World Cup good performances we see
prices go up are you kind of desperate
to sign players before the tournament
starts because you know it could be too
late if you'd leave it true sometimes
but from the other hand you should not
more focused on not on the players who
proclaim on the World Cup but who would
not play in on the World Cup you know
and from there from the signing yeah we
we waited there two major dates it's a
World Cup and and the Premier League
transfer winners closed so a lens of
always very important day for us because
we probably we expected well they will
bring all the stars from World Cup and
then the real market will be open so
well wish you very good luck with the
local to Moscow and of course with
Russia and can we invite you back after
the Saatchi game if they win
regardless it's cool you I can see that
you don't you dint you don't dream do
you to believe we're almost now at the
point where it's scary to believe they
might go through through another round
I could not yeah tomorrow morning was
one of the most beautiful morning in my
life III workup and I said okay we're
playing in real water fire and we have
good chances to reach the semi-final is
it true am I still dreaming it's it's
hot it's very hard to explain it's
probably when the denmark won the euro
twas more or less same but I woke up I
had the exact opposite feeling a little
fantastic speech thanks so much for
coming
you
