voters in Bavaria have inflicted a fatal
blow on Chancellor buckles key ally
handing the Christian social Union its
worst election result for decades nearly
exit poll suggests it will now lose its
parliamentary majority in the region
with just thirty five point five percent
of the vote the Greens are on track for
a historic results and will become the
very second major political force while
the far-right AFD party gained 11
percent of the vote meaning that they
will enter Parliament for the first time
in what's been a very hotly contested
election
the regional election also saw other big
losers such as the left and the liberal
parties each taking less than five
percent of the vote
Marty Silesia Sethi breaks down the
implications of a potential political
shake-up in German politics I'm here in
Manning and the alternative for Germany
election party and the results are
showing heavy losses
Angela mirthless sister party the CSU
especially compared with last election
the CSU used to have dominance here in
the region of Bavaria since the Second
World War II used to be unthinkable that
they could get anything less than the
majority on Sunday they lost this
majority and surely this is a big blow
to Angela Merkel it's good news though
to the ASA's we've entered the regional
Parliament's for the first time so
they'll be celebration fair no doubt now
this will also bring in another problem
the problem of a forming a coalition now
the CSU been vocal about not pairing
with the AFA all the Greens who came
second and the Bavarian Prime Minister
is also just said that there'll be no
talks with the AFD but it does look like
the voters have been moving away from
these centrist parties to the left and
the right and it's
the voters have been pushing the party
of issues such as immigration some
people say that the CSU leader will soon
offer might be to blame for bad Paul
says he has been arguing with Merkel
over this issue over the migrant crisis
in the house calls negative press around
Germany and Beyond for months saying
that should he stay or should he go now
a loss to the CSU could put the
government in a volatile position and
lead to possible government instability
you
