I'm action returns iam we're going
underground on British Armed Forces day
and in this special edition we're joined
by Pulitzer Prize winning journalist sy
Hersh who exposed NATO nation war crimes
of the military-industrial complex from
Abu Ghraib prison in the anglo-american
war in Iraq to the meal a massacre sy
Hersh has exerted a damning skepticism
of the official line did the Syrian
government really use chemical weapons
what was the truth behind the Asama bin
Laden assassination what connects NATO
nations to Isis digestion al Qaeda and
should we believe tourism a about the
poisoning of the scruples in England his
new book reporter and memoir is out now
side thanks so much for coming back on
going underground why you rather than
Dick Cheney I thought you were writing a
book on Dick Cheney ah it's a source
issue I mean what happened is Obama in
the Obama years there was he tightened
down very much on leaks and dissent and
particularly in the intelligence
community put our CIA guy in jail there
were people in the White House somebody
who was jailed also privately without
public disclosure there was a sense that
Obama really didn't like leaks and so I
had done a book on Cheney I've written a
lot about Cheney it for The New Yorker
during you know the after 9/11 and there
was a story a book to write and when I
began giving chapters to people involved
they said the appropriate you know it
just couldn't be published because they
would get in trouble they're
professional intelligence people and and
military people the ones I deal with
they take an oath of office to the to
the Constitution and not any particular
president so I just had to I just
couldn't publish the book and put him in
jeopardy it would it would put them at
jeopardy would would make it almost
impossible for me that the chick about
me is that I said I I don't give up
people I mean people they they don't go
after my people they don't know who they
are I put nothing in a computer I write
all my interviews in longhand and so I
just felt if I if I publish stuff over
their opposition and they got prosecuted
I would a not sleep at night and be also
not be able to do the kind of reporting
I'm still doing
if anyone reading this memoir about so
much military action of one guy
or another they shouldn't be ignorant of
the fact that I think you've said
recently that we're at war or the United
States is at war in 76 countries now let
alone the wars you Chronicle in this
what I said was that there's 76 places
in them in the world where the Americans
are involved with kinetically with
weapons and a base it was a based on
actually a public study done by an
Institute at Brown University called the
Watson Institute and I knowing some of
the people involved with the study it's
there's a lot of stuff that we have a
big special forces community that are
active particularly in Africa in a lot
of places I think the public knows very
little about it I don't think this or my
president has been briefed on any of it
I don't think he would he's not
interested in or doesn't know about it I
know there's concern about some people
in the military and high up in the
military in in of my government in in
Washington that what are these guys
doing who's in control there's a lack of
control in among the special forces
they've just gotten and many of them are
driven with the idea that they are in a
crusade that they're there that they're
the Knights of Malta fighting the
infidels in the 14th century or 13th
century Knights really crazy stuff and
so I don't think when I hear the
military the Special Operations Command
say about Molly here's what happened
four guys died how I'm sorry I I just
think there's probably much more to the
story I think there's much more to our
presence there but it's very hard to get
to that stuff lots of opportunities for
reporters maybe were you thinking in any
way that this memoir already been
reviewed quite widely favorably helps in
defending you from some quite
extraordinary ad hominem attacks on your
recent reporting no and so you know the
only thing that happened in my recent
reporting is it was fine when Bush and
Cheney when Dick Cheney and George Bush
were in charge but when Obama came in he
was the not the white knight if you will
of the Black Knight I guess African
American and it just changed that the
editors just you know that's the way it
is that the stories that would have been
fine in the days of Bush and Cheney
suddenly were you know not getting
published and people were complaining
that I all of a sudden they're
complaining about anonymous sources
if everyday in the New York Times you
can't pick up the newspaper and find the
lead story based on anonymous sources
this is just part of our business you
can't name people and particularly the
stuff I do know I but you know when I
first did the me life story real I
Massacre story in 1969 the first thing I
remember there was a poll from the I
think for University of Minnesota 54% of
the people didn't believe it and 46 and
among my peers you know 80% didn't
believe it you might have to expand on
the me life story because it's not on
any British curriculum as stated I'm not
sure in the United States you know how
it is it's when I was growing up I was
born in 1937 by the time I got into my
20s and 30s the World War one
oh my god don't think I knew about World
War one is fields of poppies and
Hemingway novels so it's not surprising
to me that the generation today doesn't
know what happened realize Vietnam has
disappeared in America pretty weak
enough wasn't a good war for us I'm sure
it's still there still five pages in
textbooks but there was a period when
universities all had special courses on
the war but that was 20 30 years ago you
and I were too old buddy we're old
people no gray hair but you must hint it
but if I don't but if we go well since
you mentioned it the mean I massacre
still resonates certainly among
journalists maybe historians of Vietnam
you tell in this book the story of
trying to find sources and witnesses
just describe what you go into there
well I just got a tip about it and you
know I covered it's not as if I came
from nothing I I've been a police
reporter in Chicago and let me tell you
about being a police reporter 1960 or 61
in Chicago it was you learned a couple
of things you learned all about the
weakness as my first job I was I was a
copy boy working for a news agency to
cover crimes and police say shoes and so
what I learned was you could do anything
you want as a report it was great fun
you're on the street you're reporting
about fires and murders but if a cop
kills a black person that's off the
books you know you know no matter what
your words not going to be taken and if
if you ever get into the police
relationship with the Mafia in Chicago
you know this is Sam Giancana though
some of those names some of your people
know the famous mafiosos you could you
could you can see
find some guy in the street with 14
bullets in him in a downtown area where
there's clubs controlled by the mob and
it would be reported as an automobile
accident and so I I learned right away
that there was tyranny in the world that
there were things you couldn't do there
was self-censorship to an astonishing I
had a great time I learned a lot about I
covered fires I learned more about
racism that I thought I would but I also
knew there were there was as I say
Turney there were certain things you
could not get the Chicago Police
Department was operating in a world on
its own things have changed a lot since
then
but what a lesson and that was in 6061 I
went in the army I worked for a United
Press International I covered a
legislature in Pierre South Dakota town
of 10,000 I was a Chicago kid never
lived in a small city I then worked in
Chicago and I was sent to war she
covered the war from the Pentagon
learned they hate the war but the point
I'm making is by the time I got to the
me life story I've been in the business
eight or nine years and so when I got a
tip about somebody shooting up a village
you got to read before you write so I
used to I was not about watching reading
the New York Times coverage of the war
and and then I read the French the
French journalist and Bernard fall there
was a couple of wonderful French
journalists who wrote about the fall of
France in DMB and foo in 1954 and so I
read a lot and so I and there was Bru
Bertrand Russell tribunal was very
important although everybody in America
said Bertrand Russell's he hates America
he's 94 it was an incredible document
there was testimony from American
soldiers about shooting up villages like
crazy in 1565 very early so when I got a
tip about me like I dropped whatever
else I was doing and I thought I could
do it but I thought I would heard that
some GI went crazy and shot up 75 people
and that sounded like something that
could happen but they didn't in the war
early on is we would go into villages
American units of a company would go in
on a rate and find nobody there and we
the way it worked is we always thought
the Vietcong their enemy the North
Vietnamese they were farmers by day and
guerrillas at night so we go early in
the morning and catch them in bed after
a night of being a guerrilla who I don't
know what the craziness was woman and
children so after enough in those rage
you would get frustrated and sometime
the officers would say okay guys I know
you're all angry everybody can have a
mad moment in this village the tank
gunner with his missiles and that the
machine gun is you can shoot the
villages up so that was going hot
they'll let the guys get off if you will
they so be happy
so they chewed up villages and that's
what I thought they were talking about
and then I got into the story and at the
same time as I'm writing about the fact
these people killed 567 people something
like that an innocent people
there was no they were as a company that
had been in the war for about three
months the kids do nothing about the
Vietnam or the culture and they were
proportionately more Hispanics and
blacks than in the population and poor
farm kids really white kids mcnamara the
secretary defense had lowered the
standard by 67 and 68 he wanted no more
there was a draft that presumably would
take very well educated middle class
white people he didn't want them in the
war because they would come home and
talk and be articulate about it and the
senator who ran against Lyndon Johnson
Eugene McCarthy used to talk really
about my dick McNamara wanted to change
the color of the courses but in this
village they were brief there's this
company that hadn't seen no enemy they
have been sniped at and they'd fallen in
the pits with with sticks full of poison
they'd lost about 20 or 30 people of
their hundred and they want to pay back
and they were told by the CIA official
of contract employee bad intelligence
tomorrow you're gonna go into a village
and you're gonna see the enemy there so
they got ready to go to their credit to
the be kill and be killed for America
right they hadn't seen no combat really
and they fly in and there's nothing
there woman making five hundred and
fifty sixty men woman no one no man old
men women children and they began to
round him up and executed they what I
could write about was they they did
things like throwing up babies and
catching him alive on bayonets I mean
I'm raping like crazy I didn't I went
it's so much trouble with that story
because I didn't know what I was getting
into when I first started it and the
horror and a shame I felt for my country
and for my soldiers I've been in the
Army I didn't the army I was it was a
piece of it the idea that the guys I
served were to do this kind of
stuff and so in a way the kids are did
it was mostly the white kids Hispanics
and the African Americans no way man
this is let the O phase the whites let
them do it this isn't for us and the
next day they all wore on band some of
the minors minorities and they were
ordered to take them off their foot
black armbands on it's trying to
separate themselves when the white kids
have done the shooting anyway it's just
a mess it was a great story and even
didn't be in the book you don't blame
those soldiers oh thank you they weren't
told anything about the society they
didn't they were told they were
communist they ought to kill us they
didn't they weren't and they couldn't
figure out these kids we're not talking
about the creme de la creme of America
these are the working lower
working-class kids Mac them are lowered
the standards they normally went be
bright enough for heaven we're not
pretty not about brains about education
they wouldn't be getting into the army
so what did they know one of the
problems they had is oh my god these
people didn't have refrigerators I mean
I talked to 40 or 50 that before I
booked myself you know after I wrote a
book about this afterwards and I went I
spent six eight months just flying
around America talking to the kid some
slammed the doors some didn't talk to me
but many did and they're pouring out
their heart they had a problem in
Vietnamese society when they evacuated
one of the plans one of the things we
did in the war was we would remove
families from their lands that have been
ancestral fields for their protection it
was called and move them into what we
call fortified Hamlet's which enabled us
to declare the areas that they'd cleared
free-fire zones you could shoot in
anything and when they have villages
there were people you could do it so we
would evacuate them and say it's where
they're good and put him in the little
armed protected areas with fences around
them away from their fields I mean and
they would do buy choppers and and in
Vietnam Society a mother would never let
a child go into a strange threshold
first they would go first and the
soldiers would say okay when they line
up these kids the same group they would
evacuate a village and they would say to
the woman no children go first and the
woman would not knowing English would
would resist and they would beat him
with their rifle butts and say look at
these crazy woman want to go first
leaving the kids behind not knowing the
culture and so how can you they were as
much victims in a way
as those they killed so I've stopped you
there more from sight hush in this going
underground special after the break
welcome back we're still here with sy
Hersh whose latest book reporter a
memoir is out now in the past 48 hours
Israeli Jets of targeted Damascus I mean
the war seems to be continuing over kind
you said that there are actually two
suspects for the chemical attacks that
news of which was beamed around the
world as a reason why say Britain should
bomb Syria why do you think my need
journalists would just say no there is
only one suspect the Assad government
and well that what happened is that the
with the you're talking about an
incident which this Syria Bashar Assad's
use of agents against his own people in
East gouta which is a as East gouta
Tukey that was in 2013 East gouta
obvious was a very from his point of
reactionary force they're always very
hostile to his his presidency and of
course it was constant conflict conflict
it was a l news for one of the gangs and
and Isis later it was a stronghold as we
all know now it's bombed in bombed to
smithereens war is awful
we Americans should maybe be a little
more tolerant hatred for Bashar he had a
war and it was an awful war and he
fought it awfully but so do we everybody
does that's the horrible thing about
wars and they're not good any much
government is funding the white helmets
right now that say it's one-sided here
it's these there's no question this look
I'm sure there's some people in the
white helmets that were very actually
doing what you know trying to save lives
but the it's it's pretty clear now that
they're basically they're major funding
also I think America was indirectly
supplying some money certainly the Brits
were and so certainly it was up edge it
was a propaganda organization to along
with possibly doing some real good
relief work but too many times we've
seen the Saint child in photographs
you know rear after year always covered
in dust I mean there's been a lot of
actually good reporting on it that they
they do engage an anti Assad but it's
very easy here Assad is hated and I get
a lot of criticism for saying having a
different story for example about the
use of sarin and I couldn't publish what
I wanted about him in America I had to
publish it here in the London
you now all that happens is in June of
2013 there was a very important all
source intelligence report put up by the
American defense intelligence agency
included but made it complicated for me
I got a copy leet I guess you call it
and it had a lot of signals intelligence
and the one reason I sort of stay alive
I only ten I don't want to write I don't
want to cross up any intelligence
operation that's reasonable legitimate
so I there's a lot of stuff in this
particular document I didn't publish it
because I didn't know how much of this
stuff is is very competent and we're
doing us good learning some stuff about
the other side I just didn't know so
what I I had a report that said there
was tremendous concern in the community
because both Turkey through their
geometry there there pair of military
police units we're driving truck falls
of the the chemicals that when mixed
together make a nerve agent
it's called kitchen sarin it's very
crude the Syrian army has a very
sophisticated sarin that has additives
that make it more lethal more toxicity
more penetration much better weapon in
fact the it's so toxic nerve agent you
can't you melt it once you make it you
take an organophosphate antenna and a
and a alcohol I mean certain specific
kinds you mix them add the additives you
have to put it in a weapon because it'll
burn through a weapon in a day even a
conquer steel weapon so it's it's use it
or lose it if you melv it and so we and
the Israelis used to monitor this the
Syrian chemical arsenals and we could
for once we detected a melding it that
we were going to attack and Israel was
in this with us too so Israel knows the
rest of the story I'm telling you and we
also knew then the Syrian army had a
very sophisticated weapon and we also
knew from this intelligence report that
Saudi Arabia Turkey were supplying the
basic chemicals to Al nusra which is
Isis wasn't there then IL Nusa was the
cutting edge and so there were two al
Qaeda
tremendous yes well absolutely linked to
al Qaeda we always think everything to
al Qaeda because there was a law passed
in 2002 after the
vation has said anytime al-qaeda's
involved the president can do what he
wants without Congress so we always
called everything al Qaeda I mean
everything everything around in in Libya
was al Qaeda in throughout Africa we
used al Qaeda because that gives you the
cover of the law Congress passed that
stupid act giving push the right to
intervene anywhere without going
congressional authorization it's amazing
piece of legislation talk about dumb
anyway the point is this report troubled
everybody there was a study done about
what can we do about how many people
American soldiers we should we didn't
want a loser to have no Zeta nerve
agents suddenly comes this attack and we
get a sample from the Russians and it's
taken to Sir Peter wall who was a
director gen the head of the British
military the sample has taken to his
people wasn't down here they could take
it to port and down where they conclude
we know what the Syria has series been
designed even a signature to the Geneva
Convention on chemical weapons we we
know it's Syria has we know what it
looks like and what was used in that
place was not the same as in the Syrian
military this is told to Obama two times
by the the chairman of the Joint Chiefs
before the reason he had bomb remember
the redline when when they attacked her
place so when the attack took place it
allegedly 1,400 was one-tenth as many it
doesn't matter when the attack took
place and people were killed and the
world said Bashar Assad did it my
government said that the government knew
they knew from this very important
intelligence report that caused a huge
study to be done insight about what to
do but it would take 60,000 troops to
get into the war we were thinking maybe
sending troops on the side of a shot
really to get rid of this stuff we
didn't want these guys to have it and of
course there was too many troops and it
didn't happen but they knew there were
two suspects that knew el Moussa had the
stuff in Syria had the stuff forget
about having it analyzed they knew right
away and they only talked about one and
so I wrote an article saying wow let's
hold on folks what I also learned
because I was writing months later is
that the material that was taken by
Russia Russian intelligence which is
quite fun what can I tell you the
Russian intelligence in Damascus I mean
without Russia I don't think he could
have survived I think they saved them a
couple years
he was in trouble he might have survived
anyway the army was holding forth there
wasn't collapsing as much as people
thought but he was having trouble push
our Assad anyway and by the way I'm
always taken as an apologist for Bashar
Assad all I'm doing is telling truth
I'm telling facts period people who
fight wars all fight the same way he's
thought he doesn't do anything
differently than we did we bomb the hell
out of people how could in the United
States who use the nuclear bomb in
Hiroshima and did daylight bombing of
major cities at Germany 1944 cities you
know the scent of the famous bombings
that every bird rezzed it just drove
fire storms who are we to say somebody
hostess is a war criminal fighting the
war they say he was in a war guerilla
war and by all accounts the casualties
were almost the same on both sides if
this is an apology that's just that's
just people not wanting to believe not
wanting to believe their people they're
they're just like letting it their
personal dislike overcome reality the
point is that it was analyzed important
downs the Brits had adenylyl which is a
laboratory we in America respect for
this skill in chemical weapons it was
delivered the account was delivered to
the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff
his name was Norman Dempsey Dempsey
takes it I write this categorically in
the London Review I write this I don't
say who the sources but I say he takes
it you don't hear him denying gets you
here nothing said about this takes it to
the president and says mr. president you
can't bomb you don't have a case it's
not clear it's not clear for sure I did
it the same day we learned later years
later in 2015 Obama does a long
interview with a man named Jeffrey
Goldberg of Atlantic Monthly Magazine
one of his people he liked a lot 20,000
word interview in the middle of the
interview he says about that incident
the red line the head of national
intelligence the general named Klapper
air fortunately comes to see me and he
says mr. president it's not a slam dunk
which is you know like like they
consider to be the that that like Libya
perhaps no it's not as you know so he
didn't do the bombing because he didn't
think he could win the case in the
public arena that's why I didn't do the
bombing not because there was a deal
made on getting rid of weapons he lied
and so I write this stuff you didn't
tell the truth
soory wanted to get rid of this weapon
for Charlotte wanting I wrote in 2003
for The New Yorker quoting Mustafa tell
us that the chief the head of the middle
of the defense of is defense minister of
Syria have been Defence Minister for 10
20 years wrote a lot of poetry Mustafa I
quoted him as saying at one point there
was a worry that America may attack
Syria and I said what would you do then
he said what could I do
and I said well you could use the
chemical weapons and the colloquy is in
The New Yorker and it was read to him
you know The New Yorker check stuff he
approved this all it was in English he
speaks English and he said to me he said
those things chemical weapons he says
those things those useless things that
the old man Bashar his father wanted
Hafez he thought it was a deterrent
against Israel cost us a fortune talk we
have to protect them it's a big pain he
said if we use those weapons America
could incinerate us with nukes and
they'd be right to that's how crazy
would be to use those weapons I said
what would you do then and he said well
we let him air let the Americans come
let they come to Damascus so let's see
what happens I said what are you talking
about
he said just like in Baghdad the you
know in when they're when they when
they're when the Knights of Malta came
in the 13th century the the rivers would
be full of their blood he said we have a
resistance and so I remember going back
and telling my general friends in
Washington you know this is not textbook
you know you talk about the defenseman
and this is not he's not gonna defend
the country you're gonna let you come
and kill you when you get there they're
different I remember saying you're not
gonna have it's not going to be like the
fight against our language you're not
gonna have a defense a perimeter and
you're gonna have to fight your way into
the city he's gonna let you in and get
you when you're there it was very
interesting but any which Prime Minister
here was telling us it is certain that
British troops should be involved we
were getting huge went to persuasion
here you mean Syria now on Syria up
until say a year you know it's over now
the Kurds have cut a deal with Bashar
Assad it's over and that Trump seems to
change his policies cause when it comes
to doubt we've been having here thing
where Russia has been accused on a
regular basis in the British Parliament
of assassinating people in Britain
well that's the case is sort of falling
apart there's bits of reporting from
Europe
I should say the book says you get on
you start researching on WMD context for
stories for decades now you mean oh yeah
yeah for example there was a story
that's good let me just say this there
was a story in the press where Syria was
using chlorine in in East guta
in the endgame at the Isis in East guta
you know this spring there was an
endgame and there was the stories that
they were using sarin gas and chlorine
together and so here's white helmets at
footage in the 50s chlorines are very
volatile gas and it's a great interest
to the it's not a it's not a work for
Egypt and there was a story just the
other day about Syria drop the you a UN
report playing they dropped as a
chlorine gas bomb there's no such thing
in anybody's arsenal a chlorine bomb
you'd have to how much chlorine can you
put into it glories a gas that
dissipates quickly it moves quickly it's
not lethal
you can breathe it and keep on it's
awful it's not a warfare agent you quit
there's no such bomb but even more
important because chlorine is so
reactive in the chemical core in America
when they developed as nerve agents at
the 50s they thought let's see what
happens if we meld chlorine with it
maybe with soup it up make it even more
more efficient as a killer and it turned
out the chlorine immediately the first
thing it did and there is there's fuels
reports this is published documents in
the field
chlorine immediately would go and grab
all the hydrogen molecules from the
sarin denuding discern so it worked
exactly the opposite in other words
sarin drop of chlorine sarin would
become just another useless gas it would
be much less lethal the chlorine would
make it weak so that you can't which
isn't the way it was reported you can't
use sarin and chlorine together just
what you said nobody does any homework
thus cripples I mean we had Geoffrey
Robertson QC one of the world's leading
human rights barristers own who said
Russia has a posture on this killing
Litvinenko here the mi6 spy it was
turned we were told in this country I
mean clearly this was a lethal
military-grade notion yeah who is it
nerve gas as if you wouldn't kill half
the population you know you kept no idea
military-grade military-grade VX you
could wipe out half of London with one
bomb I mean it's really there was Nova
truck so it's well
we'll call the store you look I've
written about it so he asked my
something I haven't written the story I
always had about it from my friends in
America is those two were helping your
the British intelligence services with
information about the Russian mafia
that's what they were doing here in
other words the people that would high
in the list that would want to hurt him
would be the Russian mafia Russians but
not the Russian government this Cabrales
well yeah I mean that was the
understanding and there's also been some
reporting in Europe out of that that
it's been pretty much wide widespread
there was a story but the same after the
same thing that they were actually we're
doing work for the America the British
intelligence committee on mob mob
activities I mean there is a big Russian
mafia let's face it and but that isn't
the Russian government all I would say
is I think I'm telling you what I was
told but I haven't done any reporting on
it so I don't know firsthand
I know secondhand I've been told by
people in America because you asked
about it is that is that most likely the
most likely they they were known they
have been talking to to the 6th and 5
what relevant six or five people at mi5
or six people about what they knew about
Russian corruption in Europe not in
Russia the game you know the activities
and so the only you from there you can
draw your own conclusions of who wanted
to hurt him sorry thank you that's it
for the show is a book report remember
war is out now that's it for the show
we'll be back on monday till then keep
in touch my social media we'll see you
on Monday
42 years to the day the Socialist
Republic of Vietnam was reunified after
losing millions of men women and
children and defeating the United States
of America
