this wild carpet inspired so much in the
way of color become a rivalry and songs
between different supporters of
different countries and it's also
inspired some fantastic artwork such as
this one in st. Petersburg by the local
artist hood graph of the Russian team
coach chair cheers of now we managed to
catch up with the artist earlier this
week and asked him what inspired him to
make this piece yes I'm not a football
person but it turns out that I'm quite
sentimental intimacies I saw how happy
people celebrate
like NS victrolas Unitas rushing upon so
I thought why not do some graffiti
despite the fact he has a reputation for
not smiling Church Assad has captured
the hearts of the Russian people after
guiding the team to the knockout stages
of a World Cup for the first time since
1986 in Russia I wonder our team
performs so well this time it was really
unexpected for most of our fans and this
beautiful graffiti portrait of our coach
painted right after such great victories
is a tribute to him that stars portrayed
we came here specifically to take a
picture like true fans there are queues
here just to take could be newspaper
that there is a graffiti portrait very
amazing cosmic coach and we rushed here
to take a photo of course with the
world's biggest sporting event in full
swing
it seems Russia's living breathing
eating and sleeping football and I'm not
just talking Rafi T the beautiful games
even made it into the hallowed halls of
the Russian Academy of Arts more than 40
ceremonial portraits have gone up
featuring the world's greatest football
stars imagine Cristiano Ronaldo in the
19th century it's all the vision of
Italian artist
Fabricio Werdum belly who even labeled
his creations with the grand name like
the gods no less I like the fact that
you you can see players as generals and
leaders because during the matches
during the 90 minutes you you feel that
they are really your representative yet
they're really your leader and fans have
also got in on the action and I think
we've uncovered quite a few hidden
talents and their inspiration football
of course
you
