US President Donald Trump has said he
does not rule out recognizing Crimea as
Russian the province rejoined Russia in
2014 but is still considered
internationally part of Ukraine artis
Samira Khan has more on the developments
on board Air Force One on Friday Trump
spoke to reporters about his upcoming
meeting with Putin when a reporter asked
him if he'd recognize Crimea as part of
Russia he said quote we're going to have
to seat but then he blamed Obama for the
entire Crimea debacle saying that it was
a shame that Obama gave up Crimea now to
remind the viewers of what happened in
Crimea back in 2014 a referendum was
held with international observers a
present and 97% of the population voted
to secede from Ukraine and join Russia
the West refused to recognize this
plebiscite and then impose sanctions on
Russia and then separate ones on a
Crimea but just this week we also heard
from another US official john bolton who
said that trump wouldn't recognize
Crimea is part of Russia so conflicting
views coming from the Trump
administration which seems like basic
protocol at this point but if these
statements come a few weeks before
Trump's summit with Putin that's
scheduled for July 16th in Helsinki
Finland but this isn't the first time
that a Trump has discussed relations
with Russia during the g7 summit Trump
said that Russia should be reinstated
let's check out what he said I would
rather see Russia in the g8 as opposed
to the g7 I would say that the g8 is a
more meaningful group than the g7
absolutely Trump also said that he'd be
discussing a range of other issues with
President Putin including alleged
election interference Syria Ukraine
relations with China and Russia to
possibly de-escalate the conflict going
on in the world but until July 16th we
won't know exactly what happened so
we'll just have to wait until then
