hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Keiser
Report the show that massages your mind
like fine time masseuse Arab and Bangkok
look at the best masseuse ever feet feet
all day long speaking of feet massage
let's talk to Stacy Herbert Stacy I
think it's called foot massage yeah and
Max is doing a live periscope as we do
this which is a basically a form of
Russian roulette for a TV presenter it's
chat roulette except you know talking
heads instead of other things whenever
you want to put that down then we will
commence and begin Oh No resume our
Keizer the timer on so I'm really blind
at this point so I have a headline here
I thought would give you great joy in
fact I think it might give you Glee
airbrush prepares to take flight
aerospace giant on brink of abandoning
British investment tens of thousands of
manufacturing roles at risk over breaks
it but for the ordinary Brit do not
worry about those loss of thousands of
jobs tens of thousands of jobs that
Airbus no no no picking fruit is more
fun than you think
now this jobseekers told jobseekers
picking fruit is more fun than you
thought this is The Times of London of
course picking fruit is remember
prepregs it was all about the British
might to bring back 500 factories we're
gonna export our way back into a GDP
rocketship and take on the world
cool Britannia go Britannia well turns
out they're all gonna be picking fruit
out there in Canberra Shire but it's
more fun than you would possibly think
there's picking fruit a lot of fun uh
well when I was a teenager I did pick
strawberries for junk down turn around
pick some strawberries jumped Art Center
pick some strawberries Hey that breaks
it now we're all slaves Hey breaks it
that was a mistake
nevertheless yeah it was a job
apparently that is supposed to be fun it
definitely was kind of fun when we were
teenagers and hanging out with all my
girlfriends and the strawberry fields
but strawberry feeling
there's Stacey so I want to turn to the
next headline because of course as you
see from that front page of The Times
Airbus prepares to take flight and pick
your fruit is more fun than you think
well it's not looking so good on the
brakes up front and apparently Theresa
May is not having much luck negotiating
against Merkel nobody seems to have much
luck negotiating against Merkel we saw
Donald Trump recently trying to
negotiate against her and throwing her
some Starbucks candies from America and
then she stayed firm she stayed firm
against Yanis varoufakis and all the
various greek people who tried to get
her to back down on the debt but that
didn't work either and we're gonna get
to that but Putin Glee his latest recent
UK says it should get breaks at deal the
UK will tell the European Union that a
No Deal brexit would be celebrated by
Russian President Vladimir Putin
according to a person familiar with the
British government's thinking as the
latest attempt to soften the block
stance by Britain which wants
wide-ranging cooperation and areas from
crime fighting to financial services but
the EU insists the UK can't have the
same level of integration as it enjoyed
as a member of the block right now you
mentioned Greece there are did you
mention Greece because there's an
interesting side point there yeah I'm
gonna get to that in a second there here
is the UK and they're trying to
negotiate against Europe they're having
no luck your Europe keeps on saying you
no no no no no you we're not going to
give you all these goodies that you want
because you're not part of the block
anymore so now they're resorting to
they've lost all new goshi ating
leverage and all they have is that if
you are so continued to be so hard on us
then putin is gonna be gleeful right so
let me bring up with the point that I
made when the brexit vote went down and
I got a lot of flack by making the very
obvious statement in observation that
the United Kingdom relized 1718 percent
of their GDP on exports to the EU the EU
gets maybe four or five percent of their
GDP is based on exports to Great Britain
so you never go to a
gunfight with a knife and United Kingdom
was never gonna win this negotiation and
their attitude was a total entitlement
like but don't you understand we have to
got the Queen so the Germans are their
friends they're just gonna bow down and
they're gonna give us a great deal
because we're great and everyone knows
we're great and I said wait a minute the
these are hardened Teutonic chiseling
German people they're not gonna just
throw money at you you silly cows well
the next headline just shows you who
Theresa May is up against when she's
trying to negotiate because a full
member of the EU who had the Euro who
was a part of the European Union who
were actually very enthusiastic members
of the European Union and embraced it
fully and and and took in all the
refugees and and immigrants and flooding
in throughout the because of the wars
that were fighting in the Middle East
well Germany has made over three billion
in profit from Greece's crisis since
2010 as keep talking Greece reports this
is the official response of the federal
government to a request submitted by the
Green Party in Berlin the profit was
transmitted to the central bundes Bank
and from there to the federal budget the
revenues came mainly due to purchases of
Greek government bonds under the so
called securities markets program of the
European Central Bank so here's a Angela
Merkel who kept on you know they they
cried they protested they ride in the
streets of San Tomas where they did all
that stuff they threw Molotov cocktails
they did everything and you know Merkel
has maintained the same physical posture
and face and reaction for the past ten
years and had continues to say no and in
fact profited from it
so here's Teresa may I don't know what
she expects his hurry
what sort of negotiating power she
doesn't even have negotiating power
because she's not even in the euro at
least Greece could kind of threatened to
destroy the whole euro this what happens
when you have people Parliament and
running Britain at number ten who are
financially illiterate Stella we spell
out quite specifically how Germany is
gonna benefit by this by making negative
bets with friends like john paulson and
lloyd blankfein against greece and they
go into the credit default swap and they
make negative bets against Greece and
Greece
collapses and they make billions of
dollars and how by having Greece be a
basket case it keeps the euro cheap
which helps Germany which is a huge
export powerhouse why that's a benefit
to them now finally ten years later they
say you know what Jimmy did make
billions of euros other destruction
degrees guess what Germany is gonna make
billions and billions of pounds on the
destruction of the UK that's baked into
the cake it's the fourth reich as I said
at the time it's being manifested in
real time and there's a recently crush
them with Marmite well it's worth also
noting that you know you mentioned the
export figures between the UK and Europe
it wasn't really that where the UK
benefited the most where they benefited
the most was as a sort of you know
banking center from US and China meets
Europe so they acted as a central
clearinghouse for all that and now we're
seeing signs of banks leaving the UK but
we do have a banking story in the
headlines because all of those economies
across Europe whether it's now Italy or
prior to that Greece they collapse
because of a banking shenanigans let's
call them that because of course we're
talking about a British bank here and
one must only say shenanigans and little
mistakes they may be poor science
inappropriate behavior really terribly
horrible well our friend Neil Mitchell
is in the news Neil Mitchell friend of
Kyle's report well voids under pressure
as H boss fraud report is published so
there was an internal Lloyds Banking
Group report written by a former manager
at the bank and published on Tuesday
alleges serious misconduct by the lender
over the handling and disclosure fraud
at its H boss reading unit the report
written in 2013 after the Lloyds manager
had taken her concerns to the police
alleges H boss executives knew of the
fraud as early as 2004 and failed to
properly disclose it with far-reaching
implications given Lloyd's takeover of H
boss in 2009 it also states Lloyd's
mishandled this investigation and
disclosure of the fraud following that
takeover now MPs had pleaded with Lloyds
to please release this to the public
please show the public which by the way
have bailed out
and all the other banks and many of the
other banks at least in the United
Kingdom and the certainly the financial
system itself were bailed out by the
inflation tax caused by the quantitative
easing
so they said pleaded please Lloyd's
release that report to the public and
Lloyd said well well we can't do that
because of confidential confidentiality
of our clients and our customers and
things like this well Neal Mitchell had
the report and he released it in the
matter of national interest attitude
toward the consumer in the banking
sector and the eks treat them like
mushrooms you feed them essentially
feces and you keep them in the dark and
feed them dog poop essentially that's
the attitude that the regulators number
10 Downing Street everyone who has any
oversight capacity whatsoever for the UK
banking industry treat them all like
mushrooms now we of course were
reporting on this in real time we
informed the British public about the
frauds that were going on the massive
fraud uh oh my little camera seems to
have become flaccid well put that over
there for a second maybe I'll go off the
air
go away camera I'm taking my microphone
off now it's still on but you have no
view there how about that you have to
watch the actual show to get the show
you can't just watch like periscope so
there you have the pre UK banking system
that was caught red-handed and we
reported on this we said look this is
how Lloyd's age bars
Barclays all these banks are committing
massive fraud and of course the biggest
impediment to getting that information
to the British public was outcome yeah
and the entire system there as the the
article in The Guardian knows okay the
Guardian is important because I'm gonna
come right back to that the report has
circulated privately among regulators
and law enforcement officials for years
but has not been made available to the
public who chose not to release it to
the public how come it doesn't get
released to the public well because of
all these regulations against that sort
of speech where or basically providing
information to the peasants that are the
public that form of speech in other
words if when they say public they mean
peasant remember in the UK that's
important yeah the subjects so also like
it
look at this tone here's a so-called
progressive newspaper called The
Guardian and they're called that's the
left wing and the right wing is a
telegraph right well look how this is
their own sentence written in this
article about Lloyd's this report
released by a Kaiser report regular Neil
Mitchell
this is shows you the difference between
the likes of Kaiser report and the
Guardian here's their assessment the
publication of this report comes at a
sensitive time for Lloyds as it attempts
to move past a painful legacy of
missteps before in during the financial
crisis right because people turn into
Christ's report not because it makes
Putin gleeful and happy it's because
they don't want to hear people say oh
these little misstep says it's very
unfortunate the Scottish businessman
Neil Mitchell released this report
exposing the fraud and the defrauding of
the population of the UK well it's it's
that these are just missteps the
difference that they show these at the
aristocracy is breathtakingly putrid and
so I feel very bad about that Meghan
Merkel woman who's Meghan Marco she
married a prince she now has to live
with those slime bags for her entire
life and probably spawn another slimy
banking poop stain you made a bad choice
you should have stayed an actress anyway
stay tuned for the second half a lot
more coming your way don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to return to our
conversation with Simon
Dixon he's over there in the Isle of Man
of course a bank to the Future author of
the same book
bank to the future Simon welcome back
thanks for having me back again all
righty now Simon in our first part of
this conversation you know I heard again
in your voice a very passionate
description of the disruptive disruptive
qualities of Bitcoin and crypto and you
know so often in this industry people
get caught up in the little petty kind
of little Wars that go on this coin
versus that coin and they lose sight of
the big picture how disruptive this is
to banking and to fiat money so you know
I think it's important Simon to once
again preach the gospel to the people
about how this is disrupting global
banking you were a banker you came in to
crypto now you're riding the wave of
this disruption preach brother preach to
preach to people well it is really
important because we've had so much
internal politics as you know max within
our industry our industry is kind of
turn on itself with our internal
politics but we do need to remember to
put our best foot forward and our best
foot forward is exactly what this
industry is doing the fact of the matter
is max when we first started talking
about this thing when you had you know
guests on and you introduced you know
Bitcoin to the world for the first time
on national TV you know we were a tiny
little thing we had so many things
against us we were so likely to fail we
both spoke at that first Bitcoin
conference but yet here we are today
we're pretty much wherever I go in the
world no matter how many people or what
type of person is btw they have heard at
least a Bitcoin they may not know what
it is they may not know how to use it
but almost everybody in the world has
heard of Bitcoin and that means that now
there is something that everybody has
heard of that they are going to discover
at a different time why they need it you
know the people in Cyprus didn't know
they needed Bitcoin until the bank's
stole their money the people in Greece
didn't know they needed Bitcoin until
the ATM said there's no cash the people
in India didn't know that they needed
Bitcoin until they had to queue outside
their bank with their life savings in a
bag and risk getting killed for their
life savings because they had to put it
through the banking systems Mexico
didn't need that they needed Bitcoin
until Donald Trump became president and
crash the value of 25 percent the UK
didn't need that didn't know that they
needed Bitcoin until brexit happened and
their currency and savings depleted 25%
in the international market we now have
the very first time you put the ability
for you to take you know to have digital
cash to own your own money spend your
own money and have a monetary policy
that rewards the favor
rather than rewards the people taking on
debt with traditional money now within
that we got lots of politics we've got
people that believe that bitcoin is a
savings account we've got other believe
that it should be used as cash and then
you've got people coming along and
saying well we can do this cheaper
faster and better but the point of the
matter is that bitcoin is the only one
that's actually us or a value that's
decentralizes able to actually fulfill
the store a value role and if something
came too long and crates cheaper faster
cash then great that's the innovation
that we're having a theorem comes along
and creates a a small contract platform
that turns out is actually disrupting
the IPO market Wall Street and Silicon
Valley that doesn't mean that it
competes a Bitcoin this is all part of a
greater ecosystem and then EOS games
online says that we can do this cheaper
you know faster better more
decentralized less decentralized and the
point of the matter is that we Pandora's
Box is open Bitcoin is the story value
and we've got all this innovation that's
being built around it and that is a
completely free market capitalist
environment that regulators when they
try and control it and it ends up going
somewhere else so you know governments
are making decisions all around the
world how they are actually going to
react to this technology and that means
that the dollar is less important in the
world than it was because of Bitcoin and
because of etherium the IPO is Silicon
Valley and Wall Street are less
important in the world than
before and now on a global scale people
can participate in this this movement
this disruption and at various different
level with people all around the world
are going to be involved at different
phases for different reasons so the fact
of the matter is we have global
competition in some of the most
entrenched interests that were built in
the financial system to now need to be
more honest compete better put together
better systems and then you know look at
it when we have the next financial
crisis if we have a crisis this time
they're not too big to fail
you can replace their money with a dead
coin or a cryptocurrency created at a
central bank and that could compete with
Bitcoin Bitcoin will win because it's
decentralized one that allows you to
only spend it and it encourages savings
but the fact of the matter is you now
have all this disruption you have all
this competition and when you first
started the the Kaiser report max and
you were you know bringing telling the
world about all this corruption and
problems well we now have the ante force
and that is a crypto industry yeah I
think a good point there is that the
next crisis and we know it comes because
it comes as a result of the bailouts
that of the preceding crisis they never
solve the problems they just print more
money now you've brought up a lot of
good points there you've given talks
around the world and you have said on
many occasions that you can see crypto
and Bitcoin overtaking the venture
capital market and we've gotten a lot of
inroads there - Simon Dixon where are we
on that timeline is this now eclipsing
the venture capital market in your view
what do you think well it's already
happening the amount of money raised
through ICS last year now you could have
an opinion on them so many of those were
scams on registered securities straight
out Ponzi screams but the fact of the
matter is more money was raised through
ideas and venture capital but what
happened the world thought relocating to
Silicon Valley and begging VC's in order
to give the money and instead went to
the world and said do you agree with
this value and the whole world
participated in that then what did
venture capitalists see well they came
along and started investing in the Ponzi
scheme scams and started getting discs
and trying to get discount them and you
know sell them to retail and higher
prices and what happened is the venture
capital industry started participating
in this industry so now the venture
capitalists are just one of the
participants in an industry that is much
greater than their capital and this
competition for that so and then the sec
comes along and says well we're gonna
clamp down on this stuff
well great that means that America is
now the worst place in the world in
order to raise finance for your business
if you're trying to do something in the
blockchain and crypto sector and issue
one of the tokens so you know that the
the the venture capital industry is not
disrupted they are just one of the
players they're one of the pin investors
that compete for other money and other
investors and they're all trying to
scramble around and adjust and figure
out oh well well now we can actually
have secondary market liquidity on our
investments and if this starts moving
around the regulated route well you have
regulated securities you have different
jurisdictions that will support crypto
currencies and then you'll have
completely decentralized out of the
control of everyone and those markets
are going to exist and people just need
to decide like it hate it it's here it's
coming and it's not going away now let's
talk about back to the future for a
second because you've been on the
forefront of this industry now since
practically it's an it's an inception
and you had an 80s license the
alternative trading system license
through a company you owned called VIN
of eight now you sold that to coinbase
what can you tell us about the deal what
does it say for the future in regards to
us investors so this is this is the big
question you know the u.s. is being cut
out of a lot of deals because of the
regulations in the US so with this deal
with coinbase that you've been involved
with does how is that gonna reshape the
regulatory framework if at all your
thoughts Simon yeah just to get that
actually correct that we were a
shareholder in Keith and capital
corporation that was then sold
coin base and queen bases looking to
enter the securities market in order to
do that now the interesting thing right
now and this touches upon many of the
things that we were actually speaking
about is that US legislation is not
necessarily fit for purpose for the
token market and for example there's
things in US legislation that states if
you have an ATS you can't actually
display the price and have an order book
now the crypto market is used to order
book and display in prices you know and
because if you do have an order book and
of displaying the prices and you need to
be registered as a national securities
exchange in also in order to sell those
exemptions and allow those you know
there's markets to be non-public
companies and still be able to sell them
as they have been there needs to be a
one-year lock-in according to US
securities laws so combine those forces
and you actually got a very
inappropriate legislative structure and
regulatory structure in order to operate
what the crypto market is used used to
now the whole world is focusing on the
u.s. obviously because the SEC is the
most local regulator and around the
world they're putting 50-54 posters
regulations and they don't have these
hangovers and restrictions from being
you know the leading financial market in
the world whereas someone else is
getting the opportunity to leapfrog you
know we saw that with you know Empire
just leap frogging the banking system
going straight to mobile money well
other jurisdictions there leapfrogging
securities IPOs and exchanges and going
straight to where we want to be and
that's what bank for the future has been
working on and we've been asking the
questions you know is focusing on the
u.s. the right strategy is that the
right approach well it depends where
they go from here and what happens next
but if not there's other jurisdictions
willing to build fit for purpose and do
this in the way that the crypto market
is once once it's done well let me ask
you how about a you know Africa you know
you mentioned m-pesa in Africa and of
course we know bit pacer we've been
involved in helping to finance that
company recently a bank of the future
our good friends at bit
sorry we're able to erase some funds
there now got a banking I guess a
banking license in Zimbabwe so I mean
this is part of the great thing about
this industry assignment it's not only
are you disrupting the banking industry
as you've stated you know in your book
when you start it out but you're also
changing dynamics and the global finance
in a big way so Africa potentially could
be the whole continent certainly
countries with it within Africa can
leapfrog ahead of all these other
territories and it could be a really
interesting success story you would know
better what do you see there
I'm absolutely and you know we're we're
geographically diversify we think the
crypto has its unique position in many
different geographies you know I was
just speaking from you know with with I
think you spoke to funny from you know
coin recently another company you know
we were we were investing in and in the
early days and you know in India the
banks come along and state that the
banks are no longer allowed to work with
cryptocurrency exchanges so how does an
exchange I dunno coin reactor like that
well they state well thank God we don't
have a banking license that's crazy
that's crazy some decentralized
technology let's look at different
opportunities well let's look at the
cash to crypto market if the banks
aren't allowed to participate them
regulations are stating that we can
participate now the banks can't compete
with us and so a lot of these
announcements that you see are often
interpreted as negative but actually
have very important that can have
positive results when the entrepreneurs
in this industry are nimble enough to
adjust for the environment alright I'm
sorry man we gotta cut her off there but
a fantastic message just work around it
the entrepreneurs encrypt their are the
best and the fiat money is in retreat
Simon Dickson thanks for being on the
Kaiser report thank you Mike
well that's gonna do it for this edition
of the Kaiser report with me max guys
are Stacy you're a bird like the singer
guest Simon Dickson up backed in the
future if you want to reach us on
Twitter
it's Kaiser report until next time bye
y'all
