new leaders are gathering today in
Brussels to discuss pressing issues
leaders are saying is a crucial event
for the future of the European Union as
one of the main points of discussion
will be migration and the German
Chancellor has even said it's now
make-or-break for the EU the migration
issue could become a cornerstone for
Europe if we do not manage to solve it
it could throw our trustworthiness into
question a lot of people say that there
will be no European solution that we've
already been waiting more than three
years for it and I want to take this
chance here to say that this is not true
the German Chancellor Angela Merkel was
speaking at the Bundestag where she
updated parliamentarians ahead of this
EU summit that is taking place in
Brussels and where of course she's
participating that migration was the
issue that would make or break the
European Union and she urged
parliamentarians to back what she said
was a toughie but humane asylum and
migration policy for the European Union
she did warn that if Germany fails then
the future days of you would be
determined by the migration issue and of
course she's up against some tough
opposition you have the alternative for
Germany who has warned that her
open-door policy has been the root of
all the problems they've also praised
the Interior Minister for calling for
the borders to be closed you then have
the leader for the Free Democrats who
stood up and warned that Angela Merkel's
ruling coalition was at risk of collapse
when you miss Merkel refused to carry
out an absolutely possible at the time a
closure of the borders back in 2015 you
didn't act European quite the contrary
you preferred national unilateral action
you have not told us about your master
plan and now you come up in the
parliament and want us to cooperate and
advise on this plan ahead of the EU
summit the German Chancellor spoke
before and not after the EU summit which
is why some suggest that this was
probably in an effort to take the wind
out of the sails of some of her critics
she did call for European solidarity
saying that the 28 members
dates need to act in unison and not act
unilaterally she also made the point
that those who come to Europe cannot
choose in which country they seek asylum
but at one point she did trip over her
words and seemed to be somewhat confused
we need to make migration stronger make
the control of our migration stronger to
run it better my god the organisation
needs to be improved in this area now
the EU summit will of course be
dominated by the whole migrant issue and
here there's a lot of disagreement Italy
of course recently saying that it's not
going to accept any more migrants when
you have Spain subsequent to that saying
it's opening US ports so a lot of
disagreement there although the leaders
will support migrant camps being set up
outside the European Union where people
can apply for EU Asylum the other issues
on the agenda include brexit on that
score we don't expect anything new to
come forward there is of course also the
issue of trade wars with the United
States and here leaders will bethe
retaliate retaliatory steps to be taken
against Washington for tariffs that it
imposed on steel and aluminium and at
the same time they will back a lawsuit
against the United States in the world
in the World Trade Organization the
other main issue that is under
discussion is deeper integration for the
euro and here leaders will agree that
the European solidarity mechanism which
is essentially the euro zone's bailout
fund must and should play a bigger role
in future
