Brazil fairly comfortable looked solid
comfortable played really well today you
know it was a straightforward to nil
when Serbia didn't have what it took
today to put any kind of pressure on on
Brazil and in fact I thought a lot of
the circum players look frustrated and
me to reach our front was sort of acting
out all the time he was getting booked
as well had Serbia consul he would have
missed the next game the same with
Manchester United's the manager Matich
the same you know acting out getting
yellow card
this is sign know of what TT has brought
to Brazil after that humiliation in the
last World Cup you know fans have said
that he's made them more solid that you
know they're they're harder to break
down less of the flamboyance more of the
sort of rigidity people if people think
that it's a Brazil of old you know with
all the Flair the the characters that do
a lot of things that you've never see or
you never see other footballers do then
don't watch the silver girl that's not
the team they are anymore very very
solid they're difficult to break down
he's brought paulinho back he sits there
and that gap in front of the back door
he did score the goal today it's one of
the first times I've seen in actually
break into this the other half and and
you know when the result was kind of
there to nil up a half an hour to go
then fan and Enya was brought up in
India the old days that would have put
another striker in to go for number
three and they still have the little
problem child named ER who was the most
expensive player in the world need an
unbelievable amount of money was paid
for him to PSG and he's still trying to
impress everyone with his skills and
nothing really is happening for Neymar
he had a couple of chances today that he
missed but also it's in the actual game
where I think he becomes the problem
it's like that the other players they
think that the game so decides decide to
whenever they have the ball find them
and he will do something but they do
find Mema
that pit that bits okay but he won't do
something he
it's not happening for him and I think
either he needs a little break he might
not even be completely fit because he
was injured getting into this tournament
but at his current standard and and his
current level it might not be a bad idea
to give him a little bit of a break
because it's not happening for him and
once you get a player like that you know
a little bit of thinking time you know
sat on the bench watching the other guys
he might come on and he might be a
player that is more valuable to the team
is he doing all the trick or is he you
know is he entertaining the fans is he
doing all not even that you know so you
can't even say ah you might not play for
the team but he's doing that it's great
to see and we want to see that in
football and I'm with them yeah we want
to see all that in football but we want
to see it at the right time and we want
to see it by somebody who's actually
living up to the reputation that the
player has earned and Neymar for me at
the moment hasn't got that where are you
excels and he's absolutely the best in
the world
it's play-acting diving about I need
honestly it's driving me up the wall and
and today the referee was having none of
it and I love the referee for that never
gave him a foul and once we saw them
back and replays perfect referee and
absolutely perfect referee and maybe
that'll teach him
you
