well welcome to Sophie and calm Sophie
Shevardnadze modern wars are
increasingly fought not by forces of
governments but by private hurt soldiers
present-day mercenaries is that
something to fear well to talk about
that I'm joined by even Barlow the
founder of executive outcomes the firm
that started this private soldier moved
more and more is changing the demand for
a lean agile highly trained force is
increasingly being met by private
military companies but despite the
battlefield efficiency the mercenary
stigma is hard to wash off will private
militaries be able to shed controversy
and legitimize can the mercenary
business survive the long game and how
will the outsourcing of wars affect the
way we fight them even Barlow founder of
executive outcomes private military
company welcome to the show it's really
great to have you with us
now mr. Barlow executive outcomes and
other Infirmary volved in have conducted
a lot of highly successful operations
getting more than one government out of
a scrap why is it that your PMC's came
under political and media pressure every
time they achieved progress somewhere I
mean what is wrong with Boko Haram or
the revolutionary united front or Lord
Resistance Army being defeated I think
it's very hard for me to sometimes
comment on that I think you have to bear
in mind that it's mainly South Africans
that come under pressure internationally
when we get involved to resolve problems
because it appears the mantra that
Africans solutions for African problems
is a very good sound bite but in theory
but in practice we're not allowed to
practice it so as you have put it when
your military company executive outcomes
was operating the media was highly
critical off it calling it illegal or
claiming its soldiers eat people you
said that you lost the media war but
most of your operations were conducted
in secret
why was the media were so damaging for
you well first of all the media and at
that time in particular was used by the
South African government and this
African intelligence services to create
certain perceptions those perceptions
were very necessary in order to hide
what they were actually doing and that
was supporting and so-called rebel
forces in various places in Africa and
of course our entry into those conflict
zones had a huge impact on not only
economic interest but also very personal
interest and the media really just
became a useful idiot as far as they
were concerned however it did create
major problems for us yes we worked in
secrecy but invariably any type of
operation that anyone gets involved in
eventually does end up with the media
and the media were therefore used as a
tool in order to counter us and to try
and create a certain impression about us
which was entirely false in some cases
you said that the pressure on your
clients to government's to each your
services would come from places like the
Pentagon or the United Nations for
instance why didn't those organizations
appreciate you solving their problems
for them I've always been of the opinion
that as soon as conflict end an
organization such as United Nations and
numerous NGOs or non-government
organizations no longer ever active role
to play and ascending conflicts could
therefore negate the roles they play in
Africa and Plus what we were doing was
obviously impacting on certain very
deceptive foreign interests that were
being practiced on this continent like
what well it had to do with the mining
of diamonds it had to do with gold it
had to do with oil and all those natural
resources are obviously high-value
commodities the world currently needs
commodities and Africa is a great place
to find it as long as there are
conflicts on the go certain deals can be
struck with governments in order to get
hold of these resources for own use so
why would this forces prefer to conduct
business
with rebels rather than rigid legitimate
governments
well obviously rebels don't have to
provide any taxation to ever mines
resources within their areas and often
the rebels are really just used as a
proxy force in order to destabilize a
country and replace a certain government
that's not compliant enough with the
wishes of those that are outside driving
these actions you work mostly under the
radar can you imagine a situation in
which governments will hire PMC's openly
without the fear of being compromised or
will this always be an undercover type
of trait no it's ironic that Western
PMC's and lately I've noticed Russian
PMC's are operating with a blessing of
their governments in Africa many of them
are being funded by their own
governments it is however a problem as
soon as we get involved in trying to
resolve a conflict and we find that
rather hypocritical at the end of the
day if a government chooses to make use
of us that is the prerogative of that
government our problem however is that
we have to bid for a contract and have a
state fund us where are their private
military companies operating on this
continent are sponsored by their own
governments the governments really have
a choice either pay money to contract us
or get the so-called assistance and
support they've asked for for free and
they usually go the free route and often
they live to regret that truth you know
after some mercenary leaders tried their
hand at military cooze like the cases in
kymaro's to Seychelles Equatorial Guinea
ax can you blame governments for being
uneasy about working with PMC's I think
if a government is contracted at PMC
directly and that PMC follows the laws
of that country and that it puts itself
under the jurisdiction of those Armed
Forces governments have no reason to
fear PM
in fact every time we have worked we are
integrated with the forces where we are
training we live with him we share the
same food as they do we live in the same
type of environment they live in and we
mentor them in the field in those
instances we are directly responsible
for the men that that government is
placed under our command however if a
PMC comes in and isolates themself at
one side of a military complex and
refuses to integrate with the troops or
comes in and is obvious that what their
training is totally irrelevant I think
then governments do have a need to be
concerned as to what's going on but we
believe if a government pays us for a
service that's the service we deliver we
don't take shortcuts and and our mission
is usually to end a conflict as quickly
as possible
not to prolong it there's a whole heap
of private military contractors working
in US wars across Middle East and apart
from Blackwater which rebranded its way
out of scandals their work goes
unnoticed why did you have a different
experience what is it that sets your PMC
apart from those who are working for
instance in Afghanistan well first of
all we're an African company we are
staffed by Africans we are based in
Africa and therefore we are not
necessarily viewed as an ideal choice or
foreign governments to use we've never
worked in the Middle East so we cannot
really comment on the efficiency or lack
thereof of other PMC's but those PMC is
operating in the Middle East are funded
by their host governments and not by the
country where they are working in so it
creates a bit of a dilemma in the sense
that they are regarded as people that
are doing their jobs at whereas we are
regarded as the bad guys in the story I
have to mention that we have yet to come
across an African army trained by
foreign PMC or indeed foreign forces
that have been well trained and prepared
for their mission our opinion is that
most African armies are being
set up the file by the foreign PMC's
foreign Armed Forces or foreign advisors
that they make use of why is there a
search in private military companies now
I mean isn't it cheaper for a government
to just recruit more people into the
Regular Army than pay mercenaries double
or triple of what a soldier makes well I
I think there's been a surge in in a
requirement for private military
companies given the unstable
international arena that we all live in
I think in as instability grows it's
become much easier to outsource certain
services and to private entities I also
look at the cost of maintaining a large
standing army and then I look at Africa
in particular whereas the doctrines that
are used by many African armies and the
troops are trained in those doctrines
are really doctrines that are totally
irrelevant to Africa and they were
doctrines that were designed to fight
the Germans during World War two or when
it comes to Western type doctrines to
fight the old Soviets in Europe and
those types of things are totally
irrelevant as far as Africa is concerned
and then of course there is the ability
of many African governments to buy the
wrong equipment because they're advised
to do that so all of these things become
money wasters and they have a lot of
equipment and manpower that are actually
unable to function coherently and to
defeat an armed threat against that
government so do you see this trend of
hiring private military companies
continuing kin warfare be eventually
privatized and outsourced to PMC's I
don't think it will eventually be
outsourced in total I think national
armies are still there to protect the
integrity of the state and the
territorial integrity of their countries
however given the the the role that many
proxy forces are currently playing in
Africa and the size of these proxy
forces and the way in which they are
equipped I think it's a government's
Parag
to call on any help they can if they
feel they need that help to defeat these
armed threats they are facing but that's
it I don't think that national armies
will ever cease to exist and I think
that the correct type of PMC I'm staffed
by the correct people who understand the
culture where they're operating in and
the type of environment and certainly
add value to be operational efficiency
of any African army but if that can't
happen in theory for instance imagine
what would be the dangers I mean when we
knieval mercenaries fought wars for
Italian cities they installed the
fighting deliberately to make more money
so if this goes on whatever is going on
today we will have an industry with a
vested interest in war does that mean
that the use of PMC's will cause more
Wars in the future well I think all wars
are really based on firstly economic
interest secondly I don't think that PMC
that considers itself to be
professionally is going to hire itself
out simply to the highest bidder but of
course that danger does exist and that's
why we have always been of the opinion
that private military companies should
be regulated and that they should act in
accordance of the laws of those
countries where they're operating in I
cannot see private military companies
taking over the defense industry in
total but I do foresee a time when
private military companies are simply
going to go for the biggest better and
that's because many of them are
unprofessional they are out to see how
long they can actually prolong a
conflict or a war because the longer
that goes on the more money they make
for themselves
I don't think however that within the
type of environment that we operate at
governments are concerned at our role
because they understand what we do and
we understand where they need to be
going
I'm sadly that seems to not be the case
in many countries all right mr. Barlow
we're gonna take a short break right now
when we're back we'll continue talking
with eeben barlow the founder of
executive outcomes talking about private
armies and divorce they fight stay with
us
and we're back with eeben barlow the
founder of executive outcomes private
military company discussing what this
war business is like so eight from the
United Nations or powerful government
speed in the form of Special Forces
training or direct military involvement
always comes with conditions your work
was offered strictly for money nothing
else why aren't the governments around
Africa excited about that well first of
all of course we work for money we have
salaries to pay families to feed we have
travel expenses we have insurance we
have medical etc so we cannot do what we
do for free governments in Africa often
do speak to us and in fact we in regular
contact with several of them and the
irony about all of that is although they
wish for our services they continually
threatened that if they make use of us
it will be to their disadvantage and
these are threats that emanate from
beyond Africa and it really just
disproved to us that a stable and secure
Africa appears to be in very few
people's interest heard you say that
some powerful countries like the United
States disliked your successes where
their own special forces had failed why
do you think IO was better aren't the
government trained special forces the
ultimate weapon I mean all your men are
also career government trained soldiers
well I cannot speak on behalf of the US
but we do know that the u.s. does not
like it when we operate in Africa and
they have their own reasons for that
they can be you need to look at a
Special Forces soldier is not a soldier
that can be used in any environment or
within any sort of military context he
has a very particular role and our view
is always been to train soldiers to
identify their enemy to be able to out
think their enemy make use of the
terrain that they are in and this is
very varied terrain so there cannot be a
single
approach to ending a conflict or war we
go through a huge process of analyzing
the type of environment we working in
because our mission is always very clear
from a government in the conflict as
quickly as possible and that is exactly
what we set out to do so we adapt things
we change things we are I like to think
very mentally flexible and agile in
order to read situations and predict and
preempt what is going to be happening
Neil Ellis who flew missions under your
command he once said that the enemy in
places like Sierra Leone for instance
was rubbish can the success of PMC's
like yours be attributed to the fact
that the enemy is usually just very weak
I think one needs to understand the
mindset of these enemies there are
different types of enemies they are
sometimes just hugs that have got
weapons and because of that they
perceive themselves to be in positions
of power and usually they are but I
think when we come to countries like
Sierra Leone and others and those Armed
Forces have had several years of
training from Western armies in
particular and their training is
incredibly poor when you put up a fully
trained army against a bunch of armed
thugs who have overtime generated
confidence and belief in themselves the
military usually performed is maleeh in
in Sierra Leone what the government was
told by a foreign adviser would take six
weeks to do we accomplished in two days
and and it's not necessarily always the
enemy or the threat that's rubbish it's
just being able to outthink and
outmaneuver him and then to destroy him
on the battlefield now you said that
you're often given minimal means to
accomplish your mission what is minimal
means a couple of guns and mortars how
is it possible to get good results in a
short time with minimal minimal means it
sounds like a recipe for disaster to me
actually well it's very difficult to
work with
the minimum means if I can just take you
back in a more recent situation where we
were in Nigeria and we had to gunship
helicopters that were modified they were
really second and helicopters and we had
one dedicated gunship we had very few
air assets we didn't have enough
vehicles we didn't have enough indirect
fire support such as mortars and
although everyone had small arms and
there were some machine guns throughout
it then becomes a matter of being able
to utilize a unique doctrine and to rely
on speed jarred think the enemy and to
preempt what he's going to do but in
order to achieve that we need
intelligence so we have to focus all our
efforts on gathering intelligence
identifying the enemy's intentions and
then actually preventing him from
implementing his intentions
we've never been in a position where
we've had too much equipment in fact I'd
I think very few national armies have
too much equipment but we have really
had to work sometimes with a very
minimal of equipment and that is in
terms of our means um but because of
that we have learned to overcome certain
obstacles in our path and really are
thinking outmaneuver an enemy now in
general how do you think wars in Africa
are different from words elsewhere is it
more chaotic on your continent
I think wars in Africa um differ vastly
from other wars um although there are
some similarities to them I think first
of all we have to look at why these wars
are started and and often they are not
started by our armies they are started
by disgruntled or disillusioned groups
of people and those groups of people and
sometimes transition into a proxy force
that are then supported by outside
forces in terms of Finance or in terms
of equipment or in terms of training and
but I also think the environment in
which we operate is vastly different
from elsewhere
you know we operate from jungle type
terrain to desert type terrain and
everything in between as well and then I
think we need to look at the the
manpower itself whereas there is nothing
wrong with the African soldier in fact
is a very good soldier if he is
correctly trained and led but many of
these soldiers are really fully trained
and they then suffer from something that
most armies suffer from in the world and
that is inadequate command and control
and when you combine all of those
elements together it becomes a very
different type of war we have to operate
across large tracts of land with no
infrastructure we often have no air
support assets we have no way in which
to rapidly move troops and there might
be one or two helicopters but those
helicopters are very stretched in what
they can do and what their particular
missions are in Africa we have to adapt
constantly to what's happening and then
add to that the type of environment and
terrain we are operating in you said
that you hire people of all races and
that sometimes you work with people that
you used to fight against how does that
work inside a team I mean can you rely
on your former enemies one things start
to go wrong
well first rule one has to look at when
I when I made that comment that was when
executive outcomes was in operation and
despite everything the media proclaimed
about the South African Defense Force it
was a multiracial army so many of our
our fighting men came from mainly black
units and I served in one such unit but
they were men I trusted and I'd worked
with and we'd we'd had the same type of
background insofar as the erstwhile
enemy was concerned we had many members
from the African National Congress armed
wing the MK which applied to join us and
those that had the correct profile and
had the correct experience and knowledge
we accepted into our country Oh in
company rather the bottom line is we
work as a company and as a team and
everyone has a part to play in their
team regardless of what his political
leanings might be but we don't go out
and hire people who we've actually
opposed on the battlefield in more
recent times although we have members in
our company that come from numerous
African countries everyone knows that
when we work we work together as a
unified team and we have a unified goal
to achieve on behalf of the government
yes it's not a problem of distrusting
the people with us we know we can trust
them we've worked with them and they
know what is expected of them now you
believe that only Africans can solve
Africa's problems are you saying that if
all foreign forces including you and
peacekeepers withdraw from Africa the
continent will finally have peace and
prosperity I firmly believe that only
Africans can solve Africa's problems I
think we need to have a look at who is
driving a lot of the crime which is
taking place and I'm speaking of whether
it be transnational crime organized
crime in terms of resource stripping the
resource theft that is the main cause of
many of the problems we have in Africa I
think that the UN forces are bloated in
other words totally oversized and over
budgeted in terms of what they achieve
because their successes aren't that many
usually when we have brought about a
situation within a conflict where the
enemy or the threat and decides to
negotiate the first people to Russia nor
the UN you then demand our departure and
as soon as we depart they forces
suddenly escalate out of control as to
their budgets I can use Sierra Leone as
an example 18,000 men to replace what
200 mended and at an astronomical budget
I don't think that is really looking at
the interest of Africa but I do think
that Africa has
a large amount of responsibility for the
problems it finds itself in as if the
continents leaders have allowed
themselves to be misadvised and in many
instances this admit mr. Smith advice
has cost them very seriously but I do
believe that many of these foreign
forces in Africa are not here to solve
problems but to ensure that the problems
continue so therefore I believe that
only we can solve our own problems
tomorrow thank you very much for this
interview for talking to even barlow the
founder of executive outcomes private
military company author of executive
outcomes against all odds talking about
the truth behind the mercenary wars that
is it for this edition of sofiane KO I
will see you next time
