hi I'm Max Keiser this is the kaisers
reported another special edition
late-breaking news max we are wrapping
up our time here at money Kampf in
Dublin or Kaiser report in espanol Kampf
as you might want to say here I don't
know who moved this out of the way
so Kaiser report Kampf
you know as we said the Trump Kim summit
happened I think Trump is on his way to
winning the Nobel Peace Prize that will
upset many people in the news keep the
news business going a little bit longer
in America we have Justin Trudeau's
eyebrow we have the World Cup going on
that's a big event we had the raccoon on
UBS building so a lot of important stuff
has been happening while we've been here
well UBS collateralized as a global
economy with garbage and the raccoon
owned the garbage so you'd be I stole
the raccoons garbage and then they put
it in their vaults and that's the only
thing that keeps us from declaring
bankruptcy is that they've monetized the
garbage and they've sold billions of
dollars worth of garbage collateralized
mortgage obligation I didn't know that
yeah so you have to turn in to Kies
report to hear that we've had your guest
in the second half Joseph Thompson from
a tech he's raised a million euros while
we've been here that was just announced
so you'll go more into that you we had
some amazing events on stage I was on
stage with tone BAE's and I hit him hard
with that question about what he he
wants to exclude people who are not
qualified investors from icos and I had
asked him on stage oh so somebody would
just 10,000 to their name shouldn't
invest you challenged him on that people
have already seen that but the one I
really liked was also you were with
Joseph Lubin from aetherium and he
insisted to you that despite what you
said that the taluk is not the head of
aetherium which is kind of interesting
because everyone is the common knowledge
is that vitalik is like cerium and that
their name is italic and you've got a
common you know single point of failure
there of italic if he went down or a
plane crash Asterion would crash well
along with the Vitalik if he went down
so joseph Lubin's saying you know he's
not the head of ethereum i thought that
was fascinating because he then went on
to explain why he wasn't the head but he
seemed desperately to try to explain
this but then it wasn't very convincing
but maybe not so the very very best
event on that day that you spoke at
crypto Kampf was here on stage we're
gonna throw it to the first half of it
the first 10 minutes the CNN reporter
who was the moderator she had asked
whether or not the hype around Bitcoin
and particular I see owes and how
Bitcoin went from a thousand to twenty
thousand whether that was a bad thing
for Bitcoin and cryptocurrency yeah
let's get into it and the question of
course is why am I wearing a Hawaiian
lei so I work at coin base and hopefully
many people have heard of coin base we
look ourselves is the easiest on-ramp
into the cryptocurrency space so if
you're looking to buy $5 or $5,000 of
Bitcoin many people download our app to
do that obviously we saw a wave of
retail capital enter the space through
2017 the market cap of all crypto
currencies ballooned you know anywhere
between 10 X and 50 X and we saw at the
the greatest amount about eight hundred
billion dollars of market cap of all
crypto currencies with Bitcoin being
that the majority of that net net we
think that was a positive thing because
with it comes new capital to the
ecosystem but also comes with it the
attention and awareness of a larger
public and it comes with the to probably
most importantly developer interest so I
think what most people fail to realize
is that right now we're in the what we
call investment phase of cryptocurrency
of Bitcoin people are buying crypto
they're speculating on the price and
they're storing it and that's fine but
we have to get to the second phase what
we call the utility phase where people
are actually using cryptocurrency to
solve real problems and that the way to
get there in our opinion is to have
really smart developers enter the space
and build on top of these open
technologies so from my perspective as
we saw this kind of run-up in price and
a recovery net it was a good things that
brought out a lot of new interest yeah
like you'd all those headlines and the
busts good fed for the future III think
it's good I I agree that awareness is a
positive thing it got a lot of
especially younger people into investing
in the market now stocks and other
assets have been not the easiest to for
for a large percentage of the population
to participate in and and so this is an
accessible asset class now what I
worried about is just people speculating
taking out you know second mortgages
because they didn't realize the risks
associated with investing in the crypto
but I think it just brought a lot more
investors into the market and I believe
you know that that we need to offer more
assets to a brought a broader swath of
the population nice you bought at 3 $3
so I guess good news for you well I mean
why this idea of hype
you know why are we singling out Bitcoin
I mean what about the hype and the bond
market it's at a 5,000 year high what
about the hype and the stock market
right now what about the hype in London
property market right now I mean there's
a lot of hype out there markets all
across the land that's the part of the
way markets function it's not unique to
Bitcoin
well the bubble is pretty unique I mean
compared to all the previous your bubble
is my pullback you know it mean there's
a correction in play the targets still a
hundred thousand and it's taking on fiat
currency and we've just seen the
beginning and the earliest innings of
this so anytime you know you're involved
in any market there's volatility and
Bitcoin is similar in that regard but
it's not unique I mean when the bond
market crashes or the US dollar crashes
I mean who's gonna who we gonna go go to
and say why did you - where's where's
Jim Cramer gonna be when he's hyping
stocks all day long on CNBC that's
completely irresponsible
ok who's - is calling him to account
right so I don't think it's hype so much
as the natural well CNBC was hyping
crypto it was kind of focused on ripple
at $3 I mean I'm not sure he can put
that in the same category as Bitcoin but
and they did kind of come late to the
game we were covering Bitcoin when it
was 11 the Kaiser report has created
millions of crypto millionaires all over
the world CNBC came very very very late
to the party and they caught the tail
end of a speculative surge bad on them
they suck let's move on
I'm glad you mentioned Bitcoin as an
asset class so my next question is
everybody's talking about Bitcoin as a
thing to invest in how do we bridge that
gap between Bitcoin as an asset class
Bitcoin as a means of currency means
yeah leave exchange yeah I think it's I
mean obviously it's kind of morphed into
this store of value and vegetable asset
which wasn't its original purpose and I
find that evolution very interesting I
don't think we've seen the end of that
evolution and we're certainly seeing a
lot of development happening on the
Bitcoin blockchain kind of behind the
scenes so I think it's still to be
determined what it's ultimately going to
be and it may be an investable asset
maybe a new reserve currency it may be
also a transaction mechanism and and and
so I I'm tracking all those these cases
and I haven't written any of them off
yet
I don't you you come from that
background of exchanges so obviously
asset class but how do we move on do we
move on do we want to move on
so I think what's important remembers
bitcoins the first of its kind right it
was the first open protocol to solve
something called the Byzantine generals
problem which was previously what many
thought to be an unsolvable computer
science problem from that we've seen
thousands of other digital currencies
effectively copy and mimic a lot of what
Bitcoin originally introduced that's
important because what we're seeing
happen is innovation on the edges the
the Bitcoin developer community which is
global but you pretty darn diverse when
you look at it recognizes it it has a
very large network and in many ways
that's being used as a store of value
right we're not wandering into every
coffee shop paying with Bitcoin and
that's okay over time though what we're
seeing happen is that these new these
new crypto assets aetherium is a great
example they have a much larger kind of
surface area you can develop more things
like smart contracts on top of them and
that's allowing a lot of really unique
and interesting things to happen and
we're watching Bitcoin be a little bit
more safe a little bit more stable a
little bit more secure in many ways with
the type of
methods it uses I think there's gonna be
a place for both inside the world you're
gonna have some kryptos that are gonna
gravitate more towards electronic
payments or solving new utility issues
others are gonna sit there as a way to
kind of store value no in a process
that's decoupled from the existing
financial system so you see it rather
than development both of these working
next to each other in parallel
I think the bills gonna work side by
side exactly max at the present bitcoins
use cases store a value and that will
continue until the price reaches some
equilibrium point let's call it a
hundred thousand per coin where you'll
be seeing it more used as a medium of
exchange at some point then becomes a
unit of account as things are priced in
Bitcoin as fiat money disappears so
similarly gold is a store of value and
from time to time it's used as a medium
of exchange it can be used as a medium
of exchange central bank's own gold they
use they swap back and forth central
banks will be buying Bitcoin as a
strategic reserve as will sovereign
wealth funds as we see a transition from
the fiat currency which is unsustainable
and the average lifespan of a Fiat paper
money currency is 27 years every single
one has gone to zero none have survived
we only have gold and now Bitcoin how do
you know that it's corn will survive
because it fulfills Aristotle's four
conditions for sound money and which has
been around for thousands of years that
definition and it does so electronically
and as long as people want to trade as
long as there's an instinct to trade as
long as people still populate this earth
they will want Bitcoin to trade with do
we need to first overcome that problem
with mining and how energy inefficient
it is for us to move on it I'll say
quickly that compared to what compared
to the fiat money world that's supported
by the Pentagon the dollar is a multi
trillion dollar defense contracting
nightmare that kills half of my tax
dollar in America that's unsustainable
gold mining and very unsustainable plus
and I just put a lot of effort into a
company in South Africa called the Sun
exchange so they'll be using solar
energy to mine cryptocurrency so we
using sustainable energy and marrying it
with the blockchain you can for 10 bucks
you can buy a solar panel they harvest
energy from the Sun you get paid a
dividend in crypto so you're marrying
solar crypto energy you know it's a
beautiful marriage and I would I would
add to that so right now Bitcoin uses a
protocol called proof of work and that
proof of work is what people think of
when they think about the unsustainable
amount of electricity or energy that
goes into the mining operations there's
nothing that the Holdens Bitcoin to
using proof of work right these are open
protocols that anyone can write to
anyone can submit github request to
change and we may see something like
proof of stake which is what etherium is
moving towards which says instead of
having computers around the world
compete the computational cycles to
solve the next block instead we're gonna
rely on rationally economic actors that
vote via the stake they have in this
asset so there are there are other
options that are far less
environmentally impactful and I think
we'll see a number of them succeed I
agree I think looking at it statically
where it is now technology has never
remained static I was at Intel for
awhile and if you look at the the
Moore's Law and the the processing and
more efficient processing power over
time we're going to see that happen
we're going to see alternative energy
forms and we'll see also the technology
and different consensus mechanisms
emerged so anyway combination of all of
those factors is going to make even if
we have proof of work it's going to be a
lot more efficient down the road unless
the consumptive Wow consumptive I looked
at her burn dictionary and I'm not sure
that's even a word and why was I wearing
in a white light now in the second half
we're gonna be talking to Joseph
Thompson of a tech don't go away
welcome back to the kaisers report I'm
max guys our time now to turn to Joseph
Thompson CEO of a tech Joseph welcome
thanks Lexi you know you started we know
you from years ago you started doing
projects and funding projects on the old
start join exactly yeah
now you've got a tech so what is 8 X out
of people sure so so what a tech is a
tech is an organization that we saw the
spin tech reg tech legal tech but
there's no industry for transparency so
it all started by mistake in the Sahara
Desert from being honest so I ran an
event in 2009 called the marathon they
szabla so it's a hundred and fifty one
more race six marathons in six days in
Sahara Desert I raised over $100,000 I
gave it to a charity I followed it about
charity about nine months later to see
two things what's the impact where the
money has gone and it all went missing
there was no traceability I so I became
a skeptic I didn't believe in
organizations NGOs charities and then I
came across actually was yourself from
Bitcoin on YouTube and then further
along in 2013 a moment saying what the
value of blockchain is not so much
Bitcoin but blockchain and then I said
if we could create a situation where
people actually have transparency on aid
welfare remittances donations so we said
let's create a company that represents
an industry and that's a tech was born
all right so how do you use blockchain
to bring transparency to aid sure so we
said to create it's an education piece
that's needed in the blockchain first of
all so we're dealing with NGOs and
governments we have to make it very very
simple so we were the first company in
the world to deliver international aid
to Syrian refugees on the border with
Lebanon and Syria in December 2015 and
essentially what we decided was if you
want to have impact you see where your
money's going you need to give a
personal identity so we viewed the
blockchain is given the personal legal
identity so that identity becomes it's
like a credit card and driver's license
is becoming one so if you can leave a
person's ID on the blockchain is a
gateway and their organizations have
traceability after sending them value
and bitcoin theory theory and whatever
it may be but even having digital assets
represented on the blockchain to make
sure they actually reach that end
recipient so we started with a Denisha
Lee and
gone into remittances donations and the
big player he's actually banks coming to
us for corporate donations believe it or
not so so in other words people would
give money to an organization an NGO
then they are responsible to
distributing it to recipients and you
found that you could disintermediate
that in that middleman and just deliver
aid directly to individuals - more or
less
it's in between what we decided to use
eight organizations and NGOs but as the
distribution network because they've the
data on the end beneficiaries they are
that basically the trusted custodians so
we actually say hey we can actually
generate more revenue for for you as an
aid organization as an NGO other
governments you're better targeting
you're better data but you know the
impact is going directly to an end
beneficiary so donors consumers and
donors or leave on the corporate side we
actually work with the NGOs and aid
organizations to deliver exactly where
that money should go right and how has
it shaken up they aid business if it if
at this juncture has there been some
changes if things are moving of what's
going on there yeah so if we look back
banking in the former head of the United
Nations set average 30 percent of
international aid is lost so that's
coming for the corruption but also lost
through the corruption or it's also
inefficiency in humans right so you know
as you say you can't default mathematics
so we're using the blockchain you have a
you guarantee something gets from point
A to point B and they work with multiple
NGOs internationally and if you're aware
of the new millennium goals are called
the United Nations sustainable
development goals always very
fortunately announced as the UN SDG
pioneer for blockchain last year at the
General Assembly in New York so all the
different UN organizations the red
crosses and so on are actually looking
at using blockchain for better
transparency because all governments 190
all governments have been signed up to
the SDGs and all being measured on their
impact herod a day achieving these
sustainable development goals so they
say okay if you put all your aid in
welfare delivery whatever it may be on
the blockchain you have much greater
transparency but the benefits of using
that with big data for predictive
analysis and so on so talk a little bit
about digital identity sure so how does
it work
and
talk us because it's a hot topic here at
the money conf in Dublin a digital
identity is one of the biggest topics
here it's a huge topic in the in the
FinTech space and the crypto space so
what's going on there quite refer back
to the sustainable development goals it
says the goal 16.9 says everybody has to
have a legal identity by 2030 so current
leaders won't play 1 billion people when
my density right now so we viewed
identity as a gateway to access and all
these different services so if you can
imagine an iPhone entry point for an
iPhone's $900 $1,000 if you've an Apple
iPhone you have an Apple ID but there's
190 billion app downloads now if you
have an identity by itself
it's not ready of an e value but if you
haven't made entity acts as a gateway if
you're receiving aid remittances
donations and the way we proposed and
we've built out a platform is to say the
end beneficiary should manage their own
data so for example we are doing project
net we're delivering an antenatal care
to women in Tanzania and we're going to
have the first child born on the
blockchain this week in Tanzania having
the first child born on the blockchain
sure yes so we're doing a project with a
Dutch organization and they're
delivering medical care to pregnant
women so pre and post natal care and
what we're saying there is instead of it
being a paper process it's a digital
process so woman now has very density on
the blockchain which can be as simple as
a plastic card with a QR code so the NGO
and the local Health Centre know when
she receives her her medical
entitlements now when her child is born
on the blockchain she's able to receive
medicine for her child so if you think
about this what this means in the future
the person born there the house light
density on the blockchain and there is
their receiving aid remittance is
donations wherever maybe they're
building a data credit profile based on
their own identity where they control
their own data so it's blockchains
giving you this ability to flip
traditional business models on its head
where the end beneficiary has a lot more
power and say so now this motor has my
density she's controlling one time when
she gets for a child that's building a
credit profile for that child on the
blockchain the only for a number of
years we met in Ireland at the Kill
comics festival I know that you are a
guy who cares deeply about this
technology and this project is a
humanitarian project you're working with
the UN but let's talk about digital ID
for a second because there is
a flipside to this and get your thoughts
when you hear reports out of China for
example that they're going to put
everyone's ID essentially into a huge
database and it becomes a social score
and if you don't if you say something
against the government you your social
score gets debited and then you can't
take an airplane you can't get on a
flight okay this is they're using this
huge database and identity base data and
it's it to it to an extent that folks
would argue is a you know a negative if
it does just call it that so what are
your thoughts on that just broadly
speaking you don't need blockchain for
that's not gonna be a blockchain based
identity in the first place so the idea
of an identity a digital identity it's
going to change from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction in my opinion and it goes
back to the idea if you have my density
it has to be a gateway to access all
these different services so we're not
just doing a delivery we're doing
donations and welfare delivery and so on
that decision of how oppressions should
donate money or value is that person's
decision when the comes to the level of
government control over a person's
identity and what they may see it's not
really blockchain based it's not
based at all let's be honest so when
you're up against governments and using
their own identity system I think it's
very very different means for what we're
trying to do so you're saying it's not
blockchain based and you're saying it's
not blockchain at all in China because
it's a huge database you don't need a
blockchain to do it it's not blockchain
enabled it's just a huge database that
they're tracking but they're you but
blockchain and Bitcoin is a huge
database it's updated every 10 minutes
through proof of work and that's the
magic of Bitcoin is that it takes the
watch it takes a database technology and
combines it with encryption technology
and proof of work technology and you
create something very very special but
how so let me just understand what
you're saying here so you're saying on a
territorial basis that on a reagent
reagent basis you can't control the
politics in any country and and but a
tech it doesn't doesn't stop a tech from
the mission of getting aid to where it's
needed and that's your focus exactly
it's initially started off with aid but
going across borders so driving down the
fees of remittances welfare delivery
work with organizations in the UK
and we have a consumer up where diamonds
can actually make a donation to people
across the world but the donor has say
and we're actually when he goes to their
beneficiary now if the government has an
identity that's not blockchain based
it's actually not going to be compatible
right because they have their own
reasons for doing that and in different
countries that you're dead right it does
change you don't need blockchain for
that politics race countries that's been
there before it's there now it'll be
there continuing but this technology you
know you're using it in this interesting
right now let's talk about the money
raising you're here at the conference
you I think you've just closed around
and financing or you've got around
what's going on there yes so when you do
something that's never been done before
and try and create a new industry going
to investors there's a slow process so
we're very lucky to have been backed by
tax tires the tech accelerator and
infamous angel investor Jason Calacanis
we spent 14 weeks in Silicon Valley and
it's a new world we want IBM's company
over-the-air last year and here's the
joy he brought us over to Silicon Valley
which was great I mean run a lot of
awards we won mastercards company of the
year and Christine the guy that the IMF
gave us game changer of the Year award
for fighting corruption which is pretty
fantastic but yes so the announcement
today was really the first blockchain
company in the world have investment
from not one but by two governments so
enterprises are in the investment arm of
the Irish government and SG innovate the
Singaporean government investment arm
have come in in a sense a massive signal
to the market to have two governments to
actually back an organization we're
using blockchain and essentially going
forward government's going to be our
paying customers so yeah absolutely
trail it's been a we actually have some
money coming from China we have some
money coming in from Holland as well
from impact investors so you were
thrilled so this is I guess part of the
kind of an Irish entrepreneurial success
story right I mean the you're an Irish
guy and you know you've this is a great
nod to this entrepreneurial spirit of
Ireland is there a growing startup scene
in Ireland yeah the absolutely isn't I
think it stems from things like these
great events where you have the web so
much from hiya cosgrove and then you
have organizations like strike the
Carlson produce so you know we've a
couple of announcements coming over the
next few weeks which i think is really
going to put the spotlight in Ireland we
pull us all for the backing of the
government here I think the whole crypto
space and the blockchain space is going
to be focusing in
than ireland trying to represent as this
as this blockchain / crypto hope
globally
you know we're speaking with the central
bankers speak with the parent Finance
Department of Revenue and yeah so so
watch this space it's gonna be excited
but I and the prizes are and after they
have been fantastic because a lot of
governments wasn't back a lot of
investors wasn't back an organization do
something so new so when you bring in
blockchain or crypto and you put the
government behind it there's a lot of
conversations a lot of Education there
that's needed but to the fairness in the
Singapore government they have prevailed
on that they didn't slaughter patients
right so just the nuts and bolts of the
startup so what's the headcount now how
many people are working at this level or
seven today we actually gonna just yeah
that's it that's impressive
it's it's it's the dev team remember the
Celtic Tiger so let's talk about him
we're actually gonna increase the
headcount up to about sixty people by
Christmas so actually sent that seven
drop off for us yesterday and as an
Irish story it's all about employments
economics all that employment so we're
looking to scale a team rapidly so
that's a massive growth in a short
period of time so your skills to the CEO
is this your first two yogig second was
first was a failed company so right but
failure is a gateway to success
absolutely but that that's not a
European concept oh there's a stigma
attached to failure in Europe that
prevents entrepreneurialism would you
agree with that statement 100% I think
Europeans are a lot more risk adverse
than say in the u.s. they do and I think
that's why you've a lot more uniforms
coming from the US than you would have
Europe excellent point
that's gonna do it thanks so much Joseph
Thompson CEO of a tech been a pleasure
see you soon hopefully you will leave
thank you
well that's gonna do it for this edition
of the Kaiser report with me Max Keiser
Stacy Herbert like to thank our guest
Joseph Thompson CEO of a tech if you
want to catch us on twitter it's Kaiser
report until next time bye Oh
you
