you know that it is pretty cold here in
st. Petersburg when the big day next to
who's saying that he's feeling it the
things have really been heating up in
the goofy action and the third and final
match of the day
Serbia gates Switzerland fantastic match
twos and fro Switzerland won it - on
fantastic over football this piece I
think this is one of the best games
we've seen so far in terms of excitement
and an action it was very much
entering stuff in Serbia they started
off really well they had a massive
massive chance Mitrovic had a free
header within four minutes and it was a
great save by Yann Sommer in there in
the Swiss ball and you think Swiss would
have been been warned by that but no not
the next minute exactly the same thing
happened but this time Mitch rich put
the ball in the back of the net so
Serbia was one nil up and then it just
started to go end to end and Switzerland
very slowly got into the game and here
we here we actually see this is the goal
it is a great header by Madrid but she
should have been warned that's the
second time in a minute that he's
letting Madrid having it having a have a
header and in that close
Smithson had an awful lot of the ball
didn't seem to be able to put an end
product on it Serbia looked to have more
of a cutting edge but completely turned
around in the second half it seems
Switzerland just got stronger and
stronger as Serbia is is they're losing
tonight but they're not a bad team trust
me on that they were very very well
organized there were a little bit there
the play that little bit too hard for
the referees liking and the first half
three midfield players good booked and
and the manager had to react and take
one of them off because there was sort
of in the balance he was just about
leaning up against in second yellow
guard and to play 10 against 11 against
the team like Switzerland and that's no
dream for anyone so they sat back a
little bit they they were not pushing it
as much as it had and Switzerland which
in my opinion is a really really good
and very solid team with
you can argue that Shakira is a big star
but apart from that they're all really
good players on the very same some sort
of stardom level and they started to
place the team and we saw that in the
first game as well against Brazil they
couldn't be rattled and today again they
just kept going plucking away eventually
they got the the equalizing goal and
what a goal that was by the way Shaka
from from Arsenal who hasn't had a great
so kia has this shot now look at this
for a finish now you would think the
goalkeeper she'll say that that's come
through a crowd that is close to a crowd
and there was from the from the Shakya
shot the way he was blocked it had so
much spin on the ball so when Shaka
headed he hit it with a spin so the ball
actually curved away from the goalkeeper
and through a crowd of people he
couldn't see and the ball got stuck in
the net and the TV cameras didn't really
pick that up but I I thought it looked a
bit odd and I looked at the slow-motion
and he did so it curled and the net
actually curled around the ball that's
how much how much spin there was on the
ball and that no one I mean no
goalkeeper would have saved that that
was some finished that and from that
moment on Switzerland they were on top
they were thinking we can win this game
it wasn't that big a surprise was it
because they had the momentum they seem
to have more energy and even with just
the last five minutes to go we were
talking about it you felt at this point
Switzerland could still grab the winner
and they did just that they did the last
five minutes of the 19th they were
putting so much pressure on Serbia and
the Serbian team looked a little bit
tired then this happened this is dead-on
ninety minutes Shakira which is in
Switzerland they say he is that biggest
star you know you wouldn't want anyone
else to have that chance and he put it
away to one and there was still six
minutes to play of that game and the
drama just kept going you know it was it
was really a fantastic game of football
you got all the yellow cards down I
assume you got a booking for that
Shakira for taking his it's
he took his shirt off yeah it wasn't a
great sight would you forgive him that
because it mean it's not a great idea if
he then gets booked in the tournament
like this and you know it's a book of
all offense it's a silly thing to do
let's assume Switzerland they go through
to the next stage and next stage again
and get a book or get a booking in the
next game so you get into the last 16
with with arguably your yes biggest star
not playing in that game that that's a
bit silly and I think the manager will
have words if this is not the primary
you got the Bundesliga or the Liga or
the French league this book where you
have to I think it's accumulating five
bookings before your first suspension
this is two yellow cards and then you
don't play the next one he could pay it
could pay for that decision but they
have to get through first and how is
that now for a wonderfully set up group
for the final set of matches now I mean
two from three essentially Serbia going
to have to beat Brazil now to go through
Switzerland will like their options
against Costa Rica and its really nicely
set up yeah I have to say I'm very very
neutral about the teams that are not
Denmark and so I was kind of rooting for
Switzerland to win this game because I
wanted this scenario I wanted Brazil to
play in Serbia where one team has four
points the other one has three points
and then I want Switzerland to play
Costa Rica Costa Rica I know they've got
zero point but they're they're not a bad
team and I think it's not really a
reflection on the quality of the Costa
Rican team this is just a tough group
and what I really want is for game day
three in this group to be very very
exciting and boy do we have excitement
you
