we began today's newscast with another
market slump there's been a couple of
them of late yes it recovered later in
the day but many very smart people are
saying it may be a sign of some things
to come one of those is Peter Schiff
Peter is a CEO and the chief global
strategist at Euro Pacific Capital he's
all over the googles as they say and
he's all over YouTube as well I see him
there myself all the time really smart
passionate commentary is what he offers
something he often has a tendency to say
things by the way that a lot of people
don't so Peter thanks so much for being
with us you know I don't know if you
caught the very beginning of the show
but I explained that there's a household
debt issue of about 15 trillion out
there is that the only debt that we need
to be worried about ya know everybody is
loaded up with debt and it's not like we
we began the this monetary experiment
without much debt we had a lot of debt
in 2008 in fact the financial crisis was
about debt it was about our inability to
pay the debt that we had but instead of
addressing the problem and allowing a
debt to be paid down the Federal Reserve
led us down the primrose path into much
deeper debt by keeping interest rates at
zero and holding them there for so long
the Federal Reserve actually encouraged
an overly indebted nation to borrow even
more money so now it's all facets of
American society that are leveraged to
the hilt individuals corporations the
federal government the state and local
governments
so everybody is loaded up with debt and
guess what interest rates are now
finally rising and that means the cost
of servicing that debt is going up and
this is going to be a problem just like
an adjustable rate mortgage was a big
problem in 2008 when these things were
resetting people couldn't afford to pay
well the same thing is gonna happen on a
national scale rates are going up and
we're too broke to pay so the problem is
if we try and normalize things it's
going to create chaos is there any way
that we can avoid that at this point no
it's impossible in fact because we kept
it going so long the collapse is going
to be that much bigger I mean the sooner
we face that reality the better
but no politician wants to face that
reality right I mean they want to
pretend everything is great right of
course and by the way the Trump tax cut
does it alleviate the concern worsen the
concern what does it do well obviously
it makes the concerns worse because if
the government is collecting less
revenue then the deficits are getting
bigger and so now the government has to
borrow even more money and that becomes
an even bigger problem what we need is
smaller government but nobody wants to
shrink government including Donald Trump
who is now the defender of Social
Security and Medicare he wants to launch
another nuclear arms waste and start to
space for us so it's all about spending
more money so Trump wants to spend more
money and cut taxes at the same time I
mean that's a completely reckless all
right let me not ask you a question as a
news guy now let me just ask you a
question as Joe citizen sitting out here
listening to your conversation where I'm
thinking man this guy is making some
sense but I'm very concerned about what
he's saying what are the signs that I
should be looking for and what should I
do about it
well the signs are already there I mean
look the stock market is falling 40% of
the S&P is already in a bear market so
the stock market is forward looking to
the next recession looking at what's
happening with the homebuilders the
housing stocks the financials the
retailer's all these are the same things
that were happening in 2007 leading to
that crisis so people need to be
prepared this is not only going to be an
economic crisis but a political crisis
as well because the Republicans are
gonna take the blame and socialism is
gonna be seen as the solution and it's
going to make the problems that much
worse when it's implemented
you know 2021 so what you've got to do
is get out of US dollar assets the
dollar is gonna be the biggest casualty
along with the American standard of
living but you've got to invest in
foreign assets look at some of the
bargains in foreign stock markets
emerging markets hmm that have been
depressed by the strong dollar they're
gonna be they're gonna see a boom with
dollar weakens and look at the price of
gold up another eight bucks today but
it's still about 1230
Gold's going to new highs it was at 1900
in 2011 it's gonna go much higher this
time so just it on some
golde it's a hold stocks it's a it
sounds like a new reality Peter and we
thank you for the hard truth we gots to
go but thanks so much for sharing some
of your wisdom whether you look forward
to talking to you again
you
