but we're now joined by Ross which I
William Seuss the chief operating
officer for copper 99 Kison thank you
very much indeed for joining us way up
in in the gut in the gods here to tell
us about what it is that you do and we
do here in mercy copper 90 is a is a
kind of modern football media business
we were founded about 400 years ago kind
of round about the last World Cup to be
honest and we just decided that there
were there were so many more stories to
tell than kind of traditional media does
and the traditional kind of sports media
especially where you have you know the
likes of BBC in the UK for example do a
great job of you know telling you what's
going on on the pitch actually in where
we're standing now you can see thousands
tens of thousands of fans all together
with all stories to tell and so we kind
of tell the human stories of football
and fan culture and kind of what it
means to people around the world and
this isn't your first time in Russia
you've mentioned you have made sort of
pit stops here before but it's your
first sort of long-term holiday here how
have you found it so far how have you
found the atmosphere the fans some of
that which would you're covering I think
the I think the really interesting thing
about about Russia and Moscow and I've
also been down to Volgograd and usually
not broad is it's truly like an
international feeling tournament which
is a bit strange normally you have quite
dominant groups of fans taking over and
doing things but here there's a really
nice spread and everyone's kind of able
to go into life I also think that the
way that the ton of Russian fans have
been is very different to to go to the
others at the England match this week
and walk into the stadium in seeing
Russian fans in Russian flags and with a
you know Russian makeup on one side and
an indignant slag on the other and they
all have their other teams and that's
really unique and that's that's for me
sums up the culture very very hospitable
very welcoming trying to bring people in
and kind of celebrate
and very inquisitive and curious about
where we're from and what we're about a
new kind of that's that again that kind
of comes back to what couple 90 years
and bringing those stories together it's
quite a it's been it's been a really
phenomenal atmosphere so far and I think
it will continue for sure is what you
expected I mean if you've been to you've
been to Russia before then you get an
idea but even for Dan and I mean we we
live here we're finding this exceptional
as well so is it Condry to everything
you'd expect it in certain in some ways
yes and I think especially for someone I
spend a lot of time in the US and a lot
of time in in in the UK there are
obviously perceptions that people have
but I've had the benefit of coming out
here and we've made a lot of content and
our position as always as copper mines
have been that this world cup is going
to be amazing and you know people should
go and have fun and take part in the
tournament as fans and as as and
celebrating their Nations and we've
definitely been allowed to do that so
but on the other hand I thought it was
going to be great however it's been even
better than I think we all imagined and
our Clubhouse for example
that's down over in the eastern side of
the city you can what you can come down
and watch games and drink some coffee or
have a drink and there's lots of fan
clubs we've had over 30 different
nations come and watch games with us and
hang out so it is a is it's that
international element is definitely the
summary of things
let's just talk football for a bit
ultimately that that's what what fans
here to see you've still got some big
games here today obviously in France
Peru Argentina Croatia some big names
and really this has been a tournament as
we were saying of not groundbreaking
upsets but slightly something for the
that have gone against the gray in
Germany Brazil Argentina all lost points
what do you make of these games that are
coming up today can we see some more
upsets maps or will things go according
to plan now for Messi fries and Tina for
example I think I think Argentina I
think both Argentina and France probably
going to be strong today but I don't
think that you're really seeing other
than the Russian team obviously these
kind of teams are expected to be
dominant coming out and doing it I think
that there is definitely something to be
said for teams in this tournament that
are able to grind out results and we saw
that with with Portugal yesterday we saw
that with England on Monday and I think
that that is a slight change rather than
in previous tournament teams coming up
with flair and and beating others four
or five nil defensively I think people
are a lot more eschew and aware in this
tournament so I don't think there'll be
any upsets today but I think the kind of
following ones will definitely concern
all right Ross thanks so much Ross was
at Williams chief operating officer for
copa90 magazine enjoy the rest of your
stay in Moscow each other may be billed
nikolskoe we're all partners have thanks
guys Cheers
you
