Italian fashion giant Benetton has
sparked outrage among aid groups by
using a photograph of rescued migrants
in an advertising campaign pictures of a
rescue vessel filled to capacity were
posted on Benetton's Twitter page with
the company logo attached the French aid
organization responsible for the rescue
condemned the move as inappropriate
SOS méditerranée never allows the use of
these photographs for commercial
purposes the dignity of survivors must
be respected in all circumstances an
interior minister Matteo salvini has
also reacted to the campaign calling it
despicable Benetton defended the advert
saying it could help draw attention to
the plight of migrants as provocative
images were part of the firm's brand
there's been strong debate over the use
of migrant photos before though in 2016
a bollywood actress and a fashion
magazine had to apologize for a
controversial cover photo the actress
was wearing a top that had the words
migrant refugee and outsider crossed out
while the word traveller stands out the
magazine said its intention was to
address a xenophobia and keith best
who's a former chief executive of the
uk's immigration advisory service told
us that provocative campaigns like these
can have undesired effects the people we
see who are prepared to risk their lives
going across the mediterranean these are
desperate people and to use them in any
shape or form for advertising products
is I think obscene and I wasn't
surprised because Benetton's got formed
you know this is the organization that
actually has featured a nun kissing a
priest and Imam kissing a priest people
on death row I mean they go out
deliberately to shock and to make people
like you and I feel disgusted so we end
up giving them a lot of free publicity
as we are now by talking about it if
they keep doing this they are going to
really sicken people and we're going to
end up with many people deciding to
boycott their good so we'll have the the
opposite effect of the one that they
want
you
