the brand themselves Vikings and they've
invaded the Russian capital in full
force
Iceland deployed almost 10 percent of
their population to support the team at
their first World Cup in the game
against the mighty Argentina that ended
up in a big upset for Leo Messi and the
rest of the nation the blue shirts
shouted themselves hoarse it was timed
when I joined them
Kristen and Cole felt right at home in a
city with roughly 40 times the
population of their entire country is
like nothing we've ever seen before it's
not about the games
it's about this it's about the whole in
all the time I've spent with Iceland's
chanting core one thing is obvious
qualifying from one of the groups of
death doesn't faze the Vikings and even
if they don't win the Cup they've
already won everyone's hearts Magesh
done of artsy
you
