but an unfortunate incident seems to
have unraveled in one of the host cities
of the World Cup in Volgograd where
English fans were captured giving Nazi
salutes singing Hitler's songs as well
as shouting Nazi slogans and this is now
being looked into
now it's understood that this unraveled
following the England Tunisia game where
England beat inizio 2 to 1 and these
chants were reportedly addressed at
rivaling Tottenham Football Club fans
and the staff at this bar where this
took place apparently have confirmed
that English fans were in there they say
they missed this moment because they
were closing the bar up at that point
and we do know that British officials
are indeed investigating what unraveled
there we have heard from the national
police chiefs Council in a statement to
us they said that this opponent behavior
seen in video is completely unacceptable
and will not be tolerated they have said
they're working to identify those
involved and we've also heard from the
English Football Association who've also
said they strongly condemn this kind of
behavior and are working to take
appropriate action
you
