well rumors abound that there's an
imminent meeting between the presidents
of the United States and the Russian
Federation dot Donald Trump and Vladimir
Putin at the time when relations at the
historic loo perhaps even worse than
they were during the Cold War and what
of trumps senior national security
advisors john bolton who is very very
much a war hawk and one of the most
militant officials in in washington he's
coming over to Russia the White House
issued a press statement you know saying
that better relations between two of the
world's nuclear superpowers are in the
interests of everyone but that there are
pressing concerns that have to be
addressed first for example the
poisoning of a former Russian spy in
Britain the event in Syria in Ukraine as
well as alleged meddling in US elections
in 2016 and that is the only part of
this story that has been confirmed the
meeting between Donald Trump and
Vladimir Putin at this point that's just
rumors
as far as I know mr. Bolten will indeed
visit Moscow that's all we can say for
now
there had been no official statements
regarding impossible meeting between
President Putin and Trump for the time
being we have nothing to say in this if
and when we're ready we'll inform you
now mainstream pundits who have been
opponents of any improvement of
relations between the west and Russia
but they've they've gone into meltdown
over this they're saying that any sort
of meeting with the Russians would cause
dismay and alarm and be
counterproductive you'd think that these
two countries the United States and
Russia which almost came to a military
conflict in Syria that it'd be good that
they improved relations but not
according to headlines they've had a
field day with they're saying that such
a meeting would you know would ruin
everything and
the real beef that the pundits have had
with with this meeting is that if Donald
Trump during his trip to Europe meets
with Vladimir Putin before heading to a
NATO summit later next month that that
would send all the wrong messages and
that would frighten already jittery
European allies
you
