poor Ezzat allahi the iran player who
thought he scored they ran around for a
good 20 to 30 seconds celebrating that
there was a mass pileup a place they
thought that equalized and it must have
been a horrible realization at that
point that bra read overruled what's
also really really interesting is that
the college cares the Iran manager he
said his team are really defensive and
many times when you play like that you
should have you play on a wave this this
is how you play and as long as it's
going good it's going good then Spain
scored and then it's not going good
anymore
now can you change his does Iran have a
plan B and he took he put on your hand
by cash who was top scorer in the
Dodgers to be shown he's got 21 goals
this season the first Asian player ever
to become tops going in a Western
European League they put him on and
changed the game play to up front and
actually for the last ten minutes of the
game Iran
totally dominated and they had and I
won't say a chance after chance because
that would be an exaggeration but there
was a opportunity they they had
opportunities with crosses after the
next and right right to the very very
end they had a throw-in which was
supposed to be long and he was doing the
acrobatic one when he made a somersault
and the referee stopped him from doing
it and he looked at him is okay I'll
just put it there and put it to a guy
crossed it in and even then they had an
opportunity so in many ways
Iran has shown us their versatility
today defended fantastic against one of
the best teams in the world and then
they had the ability to changed a little
bit and I think you know they play
Portugal in their last game well that's
my question
do you think that they will go with a
more attacking approach because they
shown they can do it I think I think
what they'll do is they will try and
keep the now the quiet I think the
lessons that we've learned from watching
Portugal against Morocco and Portugal
and
Spain is that Portugal at this moment in
time have not found any form they don't
play well as a team and the one player
that's shining above everyone in the
tournament is playing in that team and
that is of course or now though his top
scorer so far he scored four goals so if
you can stop him from scoring and stop
him from taking part in the game then
you you've gone a long way to combat
Portugal if you like it hasn't there's
no one else to step in in that space
that that Ronaldo always leaves and and
and you know Shawn or had created any
chances there's only been one chance to
another player from the Portuguese team
in that two matches of 90 minutes and
that just tells his own little story so
I think Carlos Kara's who knows
Cristiano Ronaldo really well he's had
him at Manchester United he's had him I
think of Real Madrid he's had him also
with Portugal he knows him very very
well he will try to keep inquired and
what we learned from Iran today is that
when you put a tactics on the board this
is how we're gonna play boys they can do
it they were throwing bodies on on the
line literally some incredible last
minute lunges to deny God no faulting
Iran's commitment they have to win now
against Portugal that would put it round
through in Portugal out do you give them
a chance based on the the two different
arounds that we've seen you can see the
table here so they're a pointing hand
they have to win you've seen the
defensive and the more attacking Iran do
can they do it if I'm Carlos Cure's now
okay I'd be disappointed we lost this
game I would be very pleased with my
part in my players performance and I
would think if I had this situation I
could choose a situation two games ago I
would definitely pick it I think they're
in a great position they played well
enough more than well enough to beat
Portugal that's my honest opinion about
that of course if more players in the
Portuguese team starts to play and
perform it's a different story they are
after all the European champions so they
know how to win they know how to get the
job done and these Iran players they
don't so I
there's a very great chance and talking
about rinaldin
he played today it you know people say
yeah you know he's maybe not the best
playing role again no but it took him
only four minutes to score this
magnificent diving header and I just
have to say he might not be the best
play in there well you might find
players who are technically better than
him more but I just think he is the most
productive and the most effective
players a player and he has he is one
goal away from a full set well I see
earlier I thought that Ronaldo had the
full set because he now has already
after just two games a penalty a
free-kick a header and a shot and then
you pointed out that's not the thought
he's got a right-footed shot goal
he needs a left footed shot goal now and
you know it might just come in the next
game that's that's the caliber a caliber
of the man but I just repeat myself he
played well today really really well he
doesn't do the same kind of work that he
did two years and five years ago it
doesn't make the same number of runs he
is not taking part in in in the
defensive work meaning putting the
pressure on their defense he's not doing
all that they the rest of his team
they've got to do that well you have to
carry him to it to a small extent now
and that he's not putting in the
workload can I turn that around I think
he carries him every single one of them
whoo Patricia and go who actually just
sank forward for Wolverhampton got
promoted into the Premier League he made
two fantastic save today so you can say
that there Patrizio and and Ronaldo are
the only two players who are finding
their normal level in this tournament so
far and they have to find more players
they get more players up to that level
because if not we've seen a team today
Iran that can beat them
you
