Essam thank you very much for us people
after they well we found out about you
what we saw that's a famous photo dino
who took the photo who is the author and
what was happening at that time actually
I have no idea who took the photo I
think I know the page then share it for
the first time but other than that I
don't have an idea who the actual
photographer is at the moment it was an
amazing experience I think a lot of
people are saying it was because of the
they were helping me to watch the match
we were actually just celebrating for
the opening ceremony and most of these
fans I've never seen before I've never
met before they just I only had one
friend who was with me all these guys I
just met and we celebrated dancing and
I'm sorry I find myself up in the air
it's crazy
oh we're going through your heart at
that time it's just unbelievable pure
adrenaline I guess it's I don't know
like you can't even explain it the
amount of people or Tyrion just being up
there is
I play wheelchair basketball part of I
used to play with a able bunny
basketball before my before my accident
after my accident part of my rehab was
to play wheelchair basketball just to
try it out and as soon as I as soon as I
played it I fell in love with the game
completely and I decided that I want to
take this game and keep playing as much
as I can so two years after my accident
I applied to the University of Texas
Arlington in Texas and I got accepted
there to play wheelchair basketball
three years later we want a national
championship that was one of the best
moments of my life it was something we
put so much effort into for me
personally I think mr. basketball
changed my life I would have never been
where I am today without wheelchair
basketball it's I think sports in
general or it's something that can
change everyone is something that can
change everyone's like this gives you an
opportunity to create so much more to
live a different life
I want to hear the your
impressions what do you feel about the
World Championship World Cup they say a
place in Russia right now your
observations I'm here to support Egypt
in the World Cup of course we haven't
really added a lot of we haven't really
had a lot of luck but other than that I
think the atmosphere over here is
amazing people are great everyone is so
friendly and you can really feel the
love from everyone around you it's
unbelievable the vibes you get from
everyone here it's just pure happiness
so are you coming back from Russia
single or or not same question for you I
don't know but most women are beautiful
so if I find someone I'll definitely not
bad stuff they also told me what
happened
EgyptAir Berg is state yeah exactly what
happens in Russia stays in Russia
you
