arrived last night did you manage to get
much sleep with all the revelers out on
the streets of Moscow you see after the
victory and the merited victory of
Russia until four o'clock in the morning
in the hotel was impossible to sleep but
afterwards was good but it was wonderful
to witness at the arrival the second
victory of Russian team now qualified
for the next round and everything is
open now it is actually it's made it a
very very open sauna a very open group a
and it's always a good thing isn't it
when the host nation at a World Cup has
such a good start for me this was
elementary this was the best start ever
because it's my 11th World Cup 10 I was
in very actively here are my guests but
the first match of the organising
committee of the doctor host that's
important and a second even more and now
it's all gone it's all gone it's success
in short for the whole competition and
also it benefits the country as a whole
doesn't it it gives it a not only a
psychological boost also an economic
boost as well yeah absolutely and you
know what is important also that this
world Russia where they have been so
let's say so many doubts about the
organizational abilities and so on what
will happen it started it started it
started with wound
and especially in the stadium there's a
wonderful ambience in the Sager football
is good is not yet at the best because
in the first round you have to look a
little bit at what is important they see
television audience internationally
Russia is now in all the world by
television division and this is very
important I mean I did the actual
announcement in English when it when it
came to who deciding who to host the
World Cup and I can remember doing the
program and throwing to you we were
waiting for the announcement and you did
the envelope and all those things that
was seven and a half years ago can you
believe it do you think that everything
is now going as planned it's going I
remember this second of December 2010
when I took out the the open the
envelope and Devils than Russia for me
for me it was
I was together with the executive
committee we were advocating to go to
Eastern Europe and to go to to go to
Russia but now to realize it is now so
many it's two decades again and it's
still there and when I arrived yesterday
I showed a little bit is my welcome how
I was received here television become as
people photographs and so on so I'm
happy to be back here and to witness a
week of Russian well looking at some of
the matches so far we've now completed
all the first round of matches we've had
a few surprises have a way I mean
Germany losing Colombia losing what have
you thought of the first round matches
you see the in football there are always
surprises but I think the big teams even
if they lose the first match they will
come back I'm sure but this makes the
the competition so attractive because
you never know what happened and I think
this match between Mexico and Germany
City sources fellows it's a really real
this is what people like and now Germany
has to react but also the to match it
said Russia played I have to say the
second half they had to prove to confirm
and they did it and they did it well
South America Colombia out out Colombia
lows Argentina had some difficulties to
win against I think it will be it will
be difficulties against the edge if not
Morocco Egypt and we will see now what
will happen that the competition is now
on board its own board I'm happy and
also as you said it's the first World
Cup in Eastern Europe we've been in
South Africa we've been in Brazil do you
think FIFA is is winning over its
message of spreading for votes that all
the world is actually winning
it's yes and I have to say that I'm was
instrumental to bring the develop in all
continents of the world together with at
that time presidential have launched
because of the ways the World Cup was
already only played in the Americas
northern zones and Europe so we started
to go to to Asia Japan and Korea and
then we went to Africa and now we have
to go all around the world and Eastern
Europe would never in in Europe you have
had so many welcomes
but not in Eastern Europe and this is
part of this the going around after of
the bell curve in the different
continents and I'm happy and talking of
innovations there's also technology as
well we now have var and I know that
you've always had your own particular
views about that technology how do you
think that var has had an impact on this
world cup do you think is a positive
thing do you think it's a negative thing
I think that it is it is not yet totally
ready to be introduced in a vote
because the VR would be good if the
let's say the referees the television
referees should always be the same group
because now they change every match and
you know in referee according to the
laws of the game it is always said if in
the opinion of the referee in the
opinion of the referee there is no one
philosophy to approach this VI air and
this must be that is must be improve
because now there are some doubts and
let's see that in the future it will not
create problems but in my opinion it was
too early to go with the var directly
into the World Cup so you say this is
your 11th World Cup but now you're
taking more of it as I say a back step
so since 2015 what kind of thing have
you mean have you been doing have you
been able to you have more time to self
what kind of thing you have been doing
in his time off I'm said president but
suspended and so therefore it was not an
easy time for me it's still not the
easiest time but I have recuperated all
that at a certain time I said shall I be
sad no I'm not sad I am
I'm not so happy but what I have lived
up in football during 41 years to
develop the game and to travel to more
than 200 countries to see how football
is becoming more than kicking the ball
and then football is going into the
economy it is a big economic matter and
then also now football touching politics
and then I'm working on that i'm working
on geopolitics I am working what is the
influence of sport I was also 16 years
member of the of the IOC so therefore I
can follow a little bit is geopolitics
and to see the impact of football
football shall not be dominated by
politics should football should help
perhaps though solve political problems
let's go back to the game then let's go
back to all those matches that are
coming up as I said we've looked at the
the opening that they have been fixtures
there we looked at the results I mean
who do you think let's get let's get a
prediction who do you think is going to
win the World Cup
the winner of the final no it's easy to
say that it's easy to say that but you
see now already at the very beginning if
one of the big teams has lost
depending if they finished first in the
group or not and everything can change
them because it is a plan which has been
established that number one should
always win but it is not the case then
all
possible solutions are now on
