that the party is because Russia won
they won 3-1 against e 2 tonight a
convincing win but it took a little bit
of luck to break the darkest right after
hard time and and we can see the first
goal here a man who probably feels like
he needs a drink now when fancy yeah
conceded the first goal and this is how
it happened this was in the 47th minute
so it's nil half time and I was saying
to Peter okay not mr. C in the first 45
then this happened and it was ramen
zomlings shops pretty weak no danger
until fatties need got in the way I I
actually think and he left it fatty that
would have gone out for throwing yeah I
could that's how bad the shot was and
how wide it was but it's sometimes if
something happens that you can't explain
and if you ask him what happened fatty
that is he would say I don't know he
just went for the ball it since he went
for the ball
Adam balanced it hit the hardest part of
his leg the knee and it bounced off and
the gold people had no chance but that
kind of set the tone and then very
shortly after that the second goal was
scored and would you believe it Denis
cherish off' who didn't even start the
first game in chaotic he came on and
score to and again turned up the right
place at the right time to the ball
in behind the egyptian goalkeeper now he
is top scorer with Ronaldo for the
worker who would have thought that
Golden Boot contender wasn't in the
starting eleven and this is a world cup
of surprising stuff yeah yeah so we
talked about the change today between
small of and Zubaz a smaller started on
the bench and silver was up front I have
to give you credit you were in favor of
this you thought this was a good change
you like zubur he didn't disappoint you
I like super in the sense that he came
on and changed a little bit against
Saudi Arabia where swallows did nothing
so I think you know now you know Church
esta vez is vindicated for his decision
because as you can see Zuba scored the
third goal and in some style I know it's
a long ball up but it is control of the
ball was really good the way he took it
under the foot of the defender and the
way he slaughtered in
he's he's a really really good player
for for Faraj and he's shown himself to
be a good player in the but it's a full
game he's had now a little more than a
full game well he's good what she's two
girls he showed a lot of endeavor fights
that's what more could you wanted
yesterday and it gives Russia the option
to actually put the ball up to him
because he's strong enough he's physical
enough to keep the ball up and let the
team come up where when we saw when he
got substituted with smaller and smaller
actually played a lot better when he
came on he's a different kind of player
he likes to fall in deep he likes to get
the ball and build it up and and Zuba is
not that kind of player so it's two
different things and the end of the day
it's who is in the best form and and
that guy then dictates how Russia plays
so so three nil and really just chaotic
scenes here in central Moscow at this
point deafening cheers from that from
the crowds below us then there was just
that flickered you start to wonder is
there a comeback on when this happened
this was in the 73rd minute so that the
golden man for Egypt is pulled down
Marcel are the referee gives a free-kick
and this is what we saw Valka min Peter
first of all what a finish there what a
what a confidence the penalty kick that
is you know it doesn't matter what the
goalkeeper does in that situation does
you pick the right side well I'm gonna
put it up there because the goal could
but very very rarely pick the right
height so but yes an absolute perfect
example on how vile supposed to work the
referee things that free kick that he
gives is committed outside the box so
the rules are that the bar assistant he
then says you have to have a look or I
can tell you that was inside the box
he cannot argue the decision the referee
has already done that so that can't be
changed but the place where the offense
was was made can be changed and first he
gave the free kick then you listen to
the assistant bar and then he was he
realized he was inside the box straight
away get the penalty no complaints from
anyone
you
