previously Facebook has also blocked
accounts that allegedly had links to
so-called Russian agents and Russia has
become a scapegoat for Western countries
and media yet again recently Russian
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told
French media what Moscow thinks about
the latest claims Russia's constantly
subjected to cues Asians from Western
countries and the media including about
interference in elections and cyber
attacks from the anti-doping agency to
the organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons
most recently the United States the
United Kingdom Canada and the
Netherlands made simultaneous equations
and they also provided information to
the media six months ago what is this a
planned effort to put pressure on Russia
and introduce new sanctions what do you
think about the evidence presented your
choice was not that would you move yes
it is very difficult for me to talk
seriously about this topic because all
the evidence is provided to us through
the media and with all due respect to
the media in the journalistic profession
we as serious people cannot consider the
every accusation thrown at the Russian
Federation of committing all manner of
mortal sins without engaging in those
legal norms that were specifically
created for such cases but our answer is
very simple
if you talk to us through the media then
we will answer through the same media
but we will answer specifically
incorrectly that means that we will ask
absolutely practical questions so if our
Western colleagues seriously try to make
us mad with this hysteria then they must
not read history books if this is all
just superficial and this attack of
political rabies will just naturally go
away when they speak out and fall then
we are always ready to engage by legal
means and to have a serious professional
non propaganda based conversation
you
