/ former CIA software engineer is facing
charges over what has been described as
of the largest information leak in the
agency's history prosecutors claimed
that during his time at the CIA Joshua
schuld unlawfully obtained information
on its intelligence gathering
capabilities he then allegedly provided
it to an organization that purported to
publicly disseminate such information
and while the indictment does not
mention this organization by name the
whistleblowers lawyers said the
prosecution was looking for any links
between him and WikiLeaks
the FBI believed that mr. shelter was
involved in that leak as part of their
investigation they obtained numerous
search warrants for mr. Shalders phone
for his computers and other items in
order to establish the connection
between mr. Schultz and the WikiLeaks
leaked short worked for the spy agency
as a software engineer for six years as
a result of this investigation he was
arrested last year on child pornography
charges so far he's the suspect behind
the leak of more than 8,000 classified
documents named by prosecutors if
convicted on multiple charges Shultz
faces over a hundred years in jail he's
believed to be the source for WikiLeaks
vaults 7 it's described as the largest
ever publication of confidential
documents on the agency but 7 exposes
the hacking tools used by the US
government and WikiLeaks said its source
was looking for a public debate on the
controversial use of such tools
Patrick Henson from 21st century
wire.com says the case against the
whistleblower is aimed at intimidating
others and so this this does send out a
chilling message to any potential
government whistleblowers that you will
be pursued by the government and that
under the letter of national security
you will have very little defense this
conversation seems to be around how in
the u.s. press it's oh the CIA needs to
secure its hacking tools and that seems
to be the main thrust of the
conversation not about what why and how
these tools are being deployed
and for what reason and I think that's
where the conversation needs to be if
you look at what was revealed in vault
seven the one of the real revelations is
is that the nature of the hacking tool
in other words the CIA has the ability
to to hack and leave finger false
fingerprints in other words make it
appear that somebody else had carried
out the hack and this is absolutely
relevant in terms of the whole Russia
gate conversation
you
