more than 2 million fans have come to
Russia to cheer their teams and along
with the adults kids too are enjoying
the incredible atmosphere during this
World Cup rtac graziano met some of the
tournament's younger fans
do you believe that's more nervous here
I studied do much press born Ric Dumas
kakuhen mr. Simonds born Ric and I
happen to be on aizen kobo daishi
all-stars I know PRM is no such as they
notice the coach's player what's your
name
my name is Elliot how old are you I'm 11
all right so you are cheering for
Columbia you're from Colombia okay so
how long have you stayed in Moscow so
far two days how do you find Moscow with
the World Cup it makes it amazing have
you heard any rumors about like Russian
hooligans or Russian hackers while in
America how many people are spying on
you right now okay so anywhere any one
of them could be spies yeah all right so
your your suspect 'view you're not
letting your guard down
you
