today marks the 55th anniversary of
valentina Tereshkova becoming the first
woman in space
she was just 26 years old on her
historic voyage a crater on the moon has
been christened in her honor and there's
a small planets called Chaka Segal in
Russian after her code names
her groundbreaking flight in the Vostok
six spacecraft lasted almost three days
it orbited earth
48 times Tereshkova remains the only
woman ever to have been on a solo space
mission a second craft with fellow
cosmonaut Valery bykovsky was nearby
with the mission also checking
differences in the flights impact on
male and female bodies the two were in
constant contact with Tereshkova even
singing a song for her colleague my
heart flinched only when I spoke to my
mother I was flying over the Volga River
my hometown river where I grew up and at
this moment I was talking to my mother
that's when my voice started to tremble
you need to tell her comforting words
given that she became a widow with three
children at 26 we were not allowed to
say where we were heading we'd sign a
nondisclosure agreement celli knew that
i'd been approved for the national team
in parachuting when she found out by my
flight she just said
you tricked me and I replied mother
please forgive me but the flight was far
from easy I could have ended in tragedy
is now known that a person needs about
seven days to get used to space
something that wasn't taken into account
at the time Tereshkova suffered a lot
during her flight while Space Command
did not get any messages from her for
hours she also informed of a program
mistake that meant her craft couldn't
return to Earth but fortunately her boss
at Yuri Gagarin and his team solved the
problem allowing Tosh Cova to come back
home and she still dreams of flying but
this time to Mars John Glenn flew for 77
years once I was told not to raise this
issue because we'd lost Gagarin but I
just wished to fly one more time and
then I'll come down
you
