jos√® quite an entertaining game I have
to say one one fair result I believe so
I believe so I think I think I stand
play in the limits and I repeat it when
when a team play on his limits you
cannot demand for more they were if I
could choose a world to describe them
they were compact I get one image on
minutes 69 where they had nine men plus
the keeper in the box and then I have
another image on minute 87 where they
had 10 plus the keeper
they were compact nobody can blame them
by that concept of defending no man to
man against machine no man to man
against any one of of the attacking
players from Argentina just being
compact they reduced everything in terms
of space they were compact in terms of
width when they had to go closing the
side of the ball they were compact in
terms of depth no space behind the last
defender they were compact and they had
one chance they score one goal Cavallaro
in ball or myself would be the same
because I would save the same as as
Cavalera not not one single dangerous
situation and they were compact of
course Argentina had the ball of course
they try they try they tried but you saw
Messi actions always outside the box he
was trying one dribble two dribbles the
cover was coming short and was
absolutely fantastic also the commitment
the spirit the strength because you know
I think this voice from us and they
since they were babies they were eating
a lot of meat on breakfast immediately
all of them very very strong very very
fit and the football they play is
perfectly adapted to the way they they
to the way they are I as a manager I
also create this doubt in my in my
defenders don't trust the referee
decision because sometimes the criteria
is in your favor sometimes it's against
you okay so protect yourself with your
arms but when you protect yourself with
your arms you lose a little bit of
balance you are not able to react and to
press immediately so Marcos let the ball
come and then Cavallaro the second ball
but the striker you know is a good he's
a good finishing very confident touch on
on the ball and then the game goes again
to the beginning goes against to the
draw and then they were always
comfortable Messi as we talked about was
always trying today it was clear but it
just wasn't going for him was it it just
wasn't his Dyson no of course when you
miss a penalty in a World Cup in a
moment where your your team needs that
goal of course that affects you and
after that after that moment he was
trying he tried the one against one that
was the immediately transformed in one
against two in one against three because
the distance between players was was so
close that was really difficult for him
in spite of that he hit a few shots and
then he had a couple of free kicks in
some good positions but probably even in
in Superman even in super players they
are humans and they have feelings and I
think the penalty yes affected him
you
