now the US Department of Justice has
released a highly anticipated report on
the FBI's activities during the 2016
election it focuses on former FBI
director James Comey and his handling of
the Clinton email investigation but it
also reveals details of anti-trump
messages sent by a senior FBI agent who
went on to head the Trump Russia
collusion probe but was removed because
of the texts Trump's not ever going to
become president raid right no no he
won't we'll stop it
well apart from that the report also
found collusion between the bureau and
the media
apparently agents received certain
benefits from reporters in exchange for
insider information Caleb Martin takes a
closer look we now have the long-awaited
report from the inspector general
Michael Horowitz on the US Justice
Department now the report shows a pretty
clear record of collusion between
mainstream media and the FBI we
identified instances where FBI employees
improperly received benefits from
reporters including tickets to sporting
events golfing outings drinks and meals
and admittance to non-public social
events we will separately report on
those investigations as they are
concluded now the report shows pretty
extensive contact between the FBI and
reporters and furthermore it shows that
agents were incentivized to provide
inside information we have profound
concerns about the volume and extent of
unauthorized media contacts by FBI
personnel that we have uncovered during
our review seven reporters in direct
contact with the FBI over 100 phone
calls
you've got officials as high up as the
assistant director taking time to hobnob
with reporters if you read this report
you would think that at this point
leaking classified information is just
not a big deal to the highest law
enforcement agency in the land but the
FBI had no problem busting James wolf
for doing it himself
James Wolf's a former congressional aide
was arrested for allegedly giving
information to
girlfriend who was working at the New
York Times while he was a congressional
aide now miss Watkins says that the New
York Times never received any leaks from
James wolf and Wolf is now facing
charges of lying to federal officials Mr
Wolf's alleged conduct is a betrayal of
the extraordinary public trust that had
been placed in him what about when FBI
agents themselves are the ones providing
a steady trickle of information to the
press they say it's not a big deal it's
just simply a matter of a few bad apples
the OIG report makes clear that we have
got some work to do but let's also be
clear in this cope of this report it's
focused on a specific set of events back
in 2016 and a small number of FBI
employees connected with those events so
what now
well I guess another investigation and
the possibility of punitive measures it
would be shocking to me if the FBI did
not act on the Inspector General's
report and fire some of those officials
who are singled out so many not just
mistakes from top to bottom but
corruption and if there aren't firings
the public and it's cynicism towards
government and towards business as usual
in Washington will only deepen once
again we see confirmation of the kind of
collusion and this really is collusion
between the FBI and the mainstream
journalistic class journalists simply
act as megaphones for different
government agencies and J Edgar Hoover
the founder and longtime director of the
FBI very famously said that there is
something addictive about a secret
mainstream media in the United States
would like you to believe it's
completely independent and objective
furthermore federal agents are supposed
to be untouchable and not susceptible to
any friendly favors but perhaps they
just can't resist
Kalib Maupin RT New York
you
