hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report well let's get into a Shelly hey
max I want to show you a hockey stick
sort of chart you know it's a good time
to do it during the Stanley Cup
well one month Treasury bill yield this
is quite remarkable going back to 2009
to June 2018 you see that it has soared
91 fold from his low in June 2015 when
it was point zero two percent now it's
one point eight two percent a nine-year
high that's a remarkable 91 fold
increase in the yield it's just it's on
the one-month Treasury bill but yeah it
shows that banks don't trust each other
so banks are not lending to each other
so credit is freezing that's what a
credit freeze looks like we saw in 2008
and then the global financial crisis in
suit and it required a 20 trillion
dollars worth of fresh central bank
printing of money to bail out the banks
and then they use that money to increase
their balance sheets and risk by a huge
factor and now we're at the stage where
it's gonna collapse all over again but
in a much more spectacular way so that's
what that that's what that's telling us
if it if that continues then yes we're
on the verge of another leg down of the
global financial crisis it did start you
know this soaring of the yield started
right as Trump was elected so the bond
market is moving in one direction stock
markets are booming obviously and that's
done well under Trump I'm part of it and
I'm going to get to that in a bit is to
do with all the share buybacks as well
and Trump's new tax legislation which
has seen repatriation of overseas fund
so Fang shares hitting all-time highs as
well this is another chart from the same
guy
Facebook all-time high apple all-time
high amazon all-time high netflix
all-time high Nasdaq 100 all-time high
you see they're doing quite well maybe
the bond yields are not doing as well
but certainly the the share prices are
doing well yeah absolutely the
monopolies are alive and well
platform stocks like Amazon and Facebook
and others that dominate that space yes
so those are all the big online social
media platforms they're all doing well
and there's they've been soaring and the
Nasdaq is at a new high the last time we
saw it this high was back in 2000 2000
right when the.com bubble crashed last
one now is this sustainable is this not
well Wolfe Street com they look at it
and you know Wolfe Richter over there
does a lot of analysis of the housing
market of the auto market of stock
markets of bond markets and he said you
know he looks at what's overvalued
what's not and he gives some reasons for
it so it's a good site we've interviewed
him many times but his article here on
these dot-com shares and they're they're
soaring valuations and soaring stock
markets he's got an interesting
explanation for this huge new prop under
the stock market is a one-time affair
crash insurance with an expiration date
but it's working while it lasts in May
with great and perfectly orchestrated
fanfare US corporations and ass plans to
buy back 173 point six billion dollars
of their own shares sometime in the
future it was the largest monthly
buyback announcement ever and some of
the announcements were expertly timed to
overcome operational debacles so again
he's looking at their actual results and
he sees a lot of operational
deficiencies there that would normally
impact the stock price but they've timed
the share buybacks to have huge
announcements biggest ever a hundred and
seventy three billion that were
announced in May now a hundred billion
is from Apple alone but they as he
points out have not even finished Apple
Corporation has not even finished doing
their last announced share buyback so
whether or not this would ever
materializes another thing but a lot of
this has to do with this repatriation of
all their oversea allegedly overseas
funds well the problem is by way of
analogy if I had a convenience store
that sold lots of stuff in that store
and my revenues that I reported at the
end of the year were based on myself
buying the stuff in my own store so at
the end of the year I said I bought all
the toilet paper and I bought all the
Twinkies and I bought all the
anti-freeze and I bought all the
Twizzlers and I bought all the beef
Jerky's I bought all that stuff and I
booked huge revenues ok that's great
I should be worth a lot of money because
of all the revenues that I have created
by buying back all the stuff in my store
you should be you in the government did
you buy back your own stock you're not
creating any earnings well in the last
episode you were talking about the
collapse of the Soviet Union and the
United States would not be far behind
that of course sounds like a Soviet
model a communist model is just buying
back your own stock now what Steve Jobs
have done this I mean would he be buying
back a hundred bit could antifa better
use for a hundred billion dollars if
it's a hundred billion dollars buying
back your stock sure great your
shareholders are very happy but are you
know that is the future does that future
look bright if you can't find anything
to spend it on you're creating
short-term gains at the expense of a
longer term growth essentially South
instead of investing in the future and
in products and employees you're taking
all that future revenues and you're
booking it today so just like the man is
buying back all the stuff in his own
store yes he bought back all of his
stuff in his store and he has a lot of
revenue but now his store is empty and
he has nothing to sell so the next
quarter he says my sales are zero
because I have nothing in the store to
sell
I bought it all myself so similarly with
Apple they'll buy back all their stock
they won't invest in the future and when
it comes time to report earnings in a
year or two from now they'll have
nothing to report well I'm gonna get
into why this is basically just a blip
because of the tax legislation that
Trump passed but you know as you were
describing it buying back your shares
it's a lot like with the private equity
model we've seen across retail sector we
saw Toys R Us just go bankrupt to the
shutting down hundreds of stores they're
having liquidation sales everywhere and
they were driven out of business
intentionally really by private equity
firm that bought it with their own ass
it's the assets the stock value of
toys-r-us and then give themselves 400
million dollars the whole company claps
people that were working there for 33
years get zero these guys who came in
for a few months
destroyed it and then you know now it's
left as a carcass and that is
essentially what Apple is doing at the
end of the day it's might be a longer
term and there might be some fancy
products in the meantime but Wall Street
says about the tax how the tax
legislation the the new law has
basically incentivized these share
buybacks he says the note trim tabs
provided as to why these share buybacks
are suddenly blowing off the charts is
key the corporate tax law has changed
concerning the repatriation of overseas
cash that represents many years of
untaxed profits invested mostly in US
Treasuries and corporate bonds this
quote-unquote repatriation is a one-time
affair once these limited so-called
overseas cash has been repatriated and
spent on share buybacks dividends and
executive bonus is gone and then what
these immensely overvalued shares will
then have to find real buyers but for
now companies are selling their
Treasuries in corporate bonds which have
taken a beating recently and are using
the proceeds while they last to buy back
their own shares at historically
overvalued prices right you mentioned
leveraged buyouts there so instead of a
company doing a leveraged buyout and
buying another company they're doing a
leveraged buyout of themselves they
borrow lots of money they buy back their
own stock and they're taking this those
private and they're taking the entire
S&P 500 private and the people who are
left will be private equity stock owners
who run the economy without any
participation at all from the general
public who already owns less than 20% of
the stock market owned by the average
mom-and-pop out there soon that'll drop
down to less than 1% and then you'll
have what's the New Road to Serfdom
this is the new road to the American
serfdom yeah and in terms of toys-r-us
by the way going bankrupt last week and
liquidating you know New Jersey
politicians where they were shutting
down operations we're like oh you know
this is this is horrible and we this is
not capitalism but that is what we have
toys-r-us didn't go bankrupt that's like
saying a man
was Sean the chest got in the way of a
bullet that happened flying in that
direction they did not go bankrupt there
was a concerted effort by private equity
to load the company full of debt in
exchange for cash that cash went onto
the books of the private equity group
the debt stayed on Toys R Us it's
unsustainable debt and it was a
manufactured collapse just like a Mafia
don well in bankrupt a restaurant or
something of that nature by having that
take on a lot of debt for the insurance
money
here they're taking on a lot of debt for
the equity extraction that was
engineered by the private equity firm
this is mafia economics yeah but who's
on the other side of that that somebody
loaned them that money against their
loans the money and if the bank can't
meet the obligations of their own books
they go to federal government for
another bailout it's called keeping
interest rates at 0% if interest rates
are at more than one zero percent there
would be no money for these mafia like
leveraged buyouts and stock repurchases
if interest rates are going high in the
short term and them across them fraud
and the cross of terrorism goes off then
there'll be less of it as I've been
saying for years the way to stop
financial terrorism is to reduce the
cost of financial terrorism raise
interest rates but Johnny Allen and now
thus new guy Powell are in the business
of enabling financial terrorists and
that's America it's the American gulag
so wolf richter calls these stock
buybacks crash insurance but with an
expiration date obviously that once they
repatriate all this overseas cash then
it's gonna melt down but the fact is
also on top of this it's been announced
in the last week or two all these
corporations member at first I think as
kind of a quid pro quo to the art of
dealmaker Trump they announced all these
like we're gonna give everybody a
thousand dollar bonus while we ourselves
collect billions and bonuses are
personally the heads of these
corporations but we're gonna give $1,000
bonus or we're gonna increase pay this
is what they said as a result of the tax
law but if you see they actually
announced that it got it of course this
bit got overlooked because Trump didn't
call attention to it and the media only
covers what Trump points to in a tweet
that day so the fact is they announced
the
no more job no more increases and pay no
more bonuses and in fact they'll
probably start cutting jobs and cutting
salaries there's no plan to cut to
increase wages over the next year
despite the fact that their tax rate is
now a fraction you know half of what it
was last year john d rockefeller used to
walk down the street handing out dimes
there is Donald Trump handing out
thousand-dollar bills which accounting
for inflation have the purchasing power
of a dime back in Johnny D Rockefellers
day approx yes but he called a lot of
attention via his tweets to those
thousand dollar bonuses that a few
companies gave but it was only a tiny
percentage of their gains that they had
from the tax cuts and now of course
Trump is not calling attention to the
fact that they're now going to start
cutting wages and probably calling back
that that was some dollars they gave you
in order to keep the population sedated
about their own benefit from the tax
cuts hi I miss those days the war bonds
you know they used to get America and
buy ya junk bonds you know the finance
world war two at least he had some good
rah-rah go killed the enemy type films
and Hollywood and it was a wonderful
life and he had Frank Capra movies and
remember that America a Norman Rockwell
now you've got people fornicating the
turkey on Thanksgiving dinner and
stabbing Santa Claus on the back and
they call that America Mother's Day
celebrated by eunuchs castrating
themselves in the middle of Times Square
they your does America no more well
we'll be back after this short break
with more don't go away
welcome back to the cosmic fart I'm Max
Keiser you're feeling sleepy you're
falling asleep you're not sure where you
are you're now defenseless against the
truth that you'll be hearing for the
next few minutes Winky Dink and you
Winky Dink and me um Stacey what's
coming I thought you were gonna say
we're still in a demented time square
that you were talking about but instead
we're gonna talk about some basically
social media because we're continuing on
with this Facebook and Twitter and all
that stuff you know we've been covering
the fact that there was a hashtag delete
Facebook that didn't work in fact it
just drew attention to the the existence
of Facebook to the few people in the
world that didn't hear about it and
apparently they signed up but there have
been some more revelations from Facebook
that they actually it wasn't just one
group you know the Cambridge analytic
had that they gave our private data to
they were giving it to everybody they
were giving it to Apple they were giving
it to all sorts of people and now
kim.com
asked Snowden Assange to help create
secure social media platform this is the
headline from RIT and they're talking
about the tweets coming out from kim.com
over there in New Zealand I would like
to invite top security experts like
Julian Assange Snowden and members of
the CCC that's a Chaos Computer Club to
join together in creating a secure
social media platform that will replace
the deep state conspirators Facebook and
Twitter after years of betrayal it's
time for something better Wow all right
so Facebook in other words there was no
restriction about who could just access
their data right yeah they were they
were giving it to everybody no matter
was like that you know one of those if
they find out about this at the gas
station there's like a wood wall with
holes on it and guys just go up there
and they they they're they're violated
anonymously through this blank wall and
they're just holes in there and there's
all kinds of you know shenanigans going
on and underage minions and so there's
Facebook there's Mark Zuckerberg he's
the guy in the gas station on the other
side of that hole in the wall just
anything that comes through that wall he
goes he goes for it he goes for anything
that comes in there
he's totally non-discriminatory big
small cancerous who xerus he doesn't
care he goes for it Mark Zuckerberg
he's a polyglot well I did just travel
across the United States with you and
Stephen Baldwin a whole bunch of other
people we did stop at a lot of gas
stations I'm glad there's a ladies room
at all these because there's some
congressional testimony a lot of these
House of Representatives were caught
doing this came out in their testimony
right I forget the guys name but he was
one of these guys well of course
Mark Zuckerberg in testimony did say
that you own your private data your
private data on on our site Facebook you
own it not us well they were actually
selling it so I don't know how much
money he made from this or the
corporation but if he's saying you know
his own testimony to Congress unless he
was lying under oath you're owed that
money he was selling your data so you
deserve that money he had no right to
sell your private property during based
on his own testimony but nevertheless
you know my answer to kim.com is dude
we're already doing this we're working
on minds.com there that's on the
blockchain there are other alternatives
out there already to Twitter and
Facebook and they exist now and you
could join us Kim join our revolution
yeah why doesn't kim.com join us that
minds.com exactly you know RT is an
account there I'm gonna count there I
know too you know it's called the Kaiser
report it's like all the kim.com Stacy
Everett report is it okay I've got an
account there of mines com2 you get paid
to post your content okay blockchains
it's on a blockchain you can't censor it
and they don't sell your data they don't
sell your data okay none of Mines com
no I did start an account there I have
my own account of mine scholar but we
have Kaiser report we have Max Keiser
but I basically am trying so I am trying
to give up Twitter I already gave at
Facebook December 24th was the last time
I was ever on that December 24th 2017 my
last tweet was on June 1st 2018 and
this is my last tweet scientists have
jumped the shark your body has a second
brain in your science well you know they
always when somebody has passed away or
died or whatever use your last tweet you
can't quit Twitter it's impossible I
don't know why you're talking like that
but I'm trying to give up Twitter and
that's what I'm gonna try and let's see
but if if I were to pass way in the
meantime that's gonna be the last thing
that I that they point to
smart technology it's not just you know
analog it's not just dumb smart it's got
its own brain exactly so know why I can
tell you why that is actually because
the fetus develops from the anus first
because that's already knew about that
because you know evacuating the
materials as the fetus is developing of
course is quite important any developer
here where we are there's a thousand
developments going on you got to build
all the pipelines and I get all the
stuff to find you eight sewage got to
happen first that's why the fetus
develops first and then everything else
comes after that so that's why it's so
laden with neurological concentration is
practically the brain like qualities
people have people have that gut
instinct they're actually thinking with
the cheeks of their well anyway so we're
gonna look at Facebook as well another
story because remember they bought
whatsapp and whatsapp has encrypted
end-to-end technology allegedly right
and they so they have encrypted
end-to-end technology and when they
bought the company for billions of
dollars 22 billion dollars in 2014
Mark Zuckerberg promised that it was
going to stay that way that they were it
was gonna say pure and there no ads on
it
well in fact Facebook is going to start
having ads in your whatsapp and
importantly targeted ads meaning that it
they'll keep on saying it's an
encryption but somehow there's somebody
in there an algorithm looking at what
you're talking about because they're
they know where you are they know what
your likes are they know what you're
talking about in order to target the ads
to do so here is from fail like salmon
and slate comm there's no justification
for what Mark Zuckerberg did to whatsapp
the Wall Street Journal published a
bombshell story last week about what
reporters Kirsten grind and Deepa Seth
Arman called the messy expensive split
between Facebook and whatsapp Sounders
by the time you finish the Wall Street
Journal piece only two options seem
possible either Zuckerberg is a liar or
he's a liar with absolutely no concept
of the sunk cost fallacy when Facebook
bought whatsapp for 22 billion dollars
in 2014 the company's rolled out a very
clear messaging campaign based around
whatsapp motto of no ads no games no
gimmicks the messaging service would be
owned by Facebook and Facebook could
continue to make as much money as it
wanted from ads on its own platform
Facebook but whatsapp would retain as
purity of product and we even roll out
and to end encryption so we're going to
talk about how the founders of whatsapp
we're supposed to stay on how they
stayed on just through the rest of this
year instead of quitting as they have
done I mean they won left 900 million on
the table the other left 400 million by
leaving early because of what Zuckerberg
is doing it's a matter of character I
mean like Mark Zuckerberg he started
Facebook by stealing information from
Harvard you know they had their yearbook
information that he stole he's a thief
and then he copied a site called raped
my face I believe it was called at the
time to create a site called my Facebook
or no the Facebook and then it became
popular on campus and then he went right
to Sand Hill roll in San Francisco and
raised a bunch of venture money and sold
out the goldman sachs the genesis of it
all though was that he had been stiffed
by some chick on the Harvard campus he
couldn't get a date so he expressed his
anger by streaking into the database and
stealing information and then creating
this gigantic enormous behemoth of a
violation upsetting surveillance date
gargantuous software and then it's all
because of his character is he has a
very low character is no moral character
well ok but Felix Ammon says he doesn't
know if it's if it's him or Sheryl
Sandberg somebody's advising them to
basically betray their agreement with
the two founders now the two founders of
whatsapp in their agreement with
Zuckerberg with Facebook did install a
basically a clause saying that if
you start to use ads we can basically
sue you and like we could leave without
penalty but it turns out that there was
actually another clause hidden in there
that they didn't quite like the idea
from the Winklevoss twins and now he's
destroying this entire industry
okay so whatsapp wasn't an easy
acquisition for Zuckerberg because the
two apps have very different founding
principles Jan koum the one of the
co-founders who grew up in Ukraine
believes deeply in privacy
Zuckerberg thinks that the more open and
connected we are the happier we will
become and so in order to acquire
whatsapp Zuckerberg not only had to pay
a lot of money and give up a board seat
to Coombe he also had to make a lot of
promises some of those promises were
even enshrined in the acquisition
agreement if facebook imposed quote
monetization initiatives like
advertising on to whatsapp its founders
shares would vest immediately and they
could leave without suffering any kind
of financial penalty now Zuckerberg may
be an immoral corrupt but these two
founders left without collecting money
because there was another cause in there
which said they had to sue to get that
money too so they've just left over a
billion dollars on the table because
they disagree well it's a calculation
that was made at the time of the signing
because they were able to still take
home twenty twenty-one billion dollars a
piece so to leave a nine hundred
thousand billion million or whatever on
the table is a chump change just
meaningless it they knew that they were
getting in bed with the flea-ridden pig
and then they knew that this day was
going to happen they knew that from the
day one that this day was going to be
left they they had to leave because they
found out that Facebook was what
Facebook is and everybody said this
would happen Google of course also
removed from their own charter that
don't be evil so now they've admitted
basically that they can't abide by their
own basically principles that they said
they were operating by so he's saying
that it's a sunk cost fallacy that that
was echo berg is thinking he needs to
put ads on to whatsapp given how much
Facebook paid for whatsapp doesn't have
a right to get a return on its
investment the answer to that question
is simple no it doesn't this is where
the sunk cost fallacy comes in it
doesn't matter any
or how much money Facebook paid for
whatsapp all that is water under the
bridge
if Zuckerberg wants to aggressively
monetize whatsapp installing ads between
every other text message it is within
his rights to do that regardless of how
much the acquisition cost was but the
acquisition cost poses zero current
burden on Facebook that requires the
imposition of advertising
well because Zuckerberg is paranoid this
is a correlation with wealth and it
happens in most people that become
wealthy they become increasingly more
paranoid and some Mark Zuckerberg is
worth 40 50 billion dollars his paranoia
is now at William Randolph Hearst like
levels of maniacal megalomaniacal
psychosis so I wouldn't expect him now
to act down some unbelievably he isn't
right to be paranoid apparently you saw
what he was doing in the bathroom across
America well that's you know everyone's
got to start somewhere
he was on a journey across America I'm
planting the seeds of his a presidential
campaign planting the seeds of his
presidential campaign is a good way to
put it
that's a great way to end on Stacy
Herbert's commenting on Mark Zuckerberg
seeds and various gas stations across
America well that's gonna do it for this
edition of the Kaiser report with me max
Kaiser who's also on minds.com
and Stacey Herbert and if you want to
catch us on Twitter well me but not
Stacie because she quit Twitter but the
Kaiser reports on Twitter and I suppose
there won't be so many tweeting on that
to probably be Stacy won't be me I'm
never follow cows report on Twitter only
follow max guys are on Twitter cuz I'm a
narcissist too I like to see what I say
until next time bye y'all
