Donald Trump has reacted to calls for
Washington to punish Saudi Arabia over
the suspected murder of a dissident
journalists by suggesting he's unwilling
to take any actions that could harm the
US economy in particular the president
made it clear that he intends to protect
the defense industry and continue
selling arms to Riyadh
I don't like stopping massive amounts of
money that's being poured into our
country and I know they're talking about
different kinds of sanctions but they're
spending 110 billion dollars on military
equipment and on things that create jobs
like jobs and others for this country
well 22 senators in all are demanding an
investigation into the disappearance of
Jamal khashoggi in Turkey last week they
want to see sanctions on Saudi Arabia if
the nation is fine to be culpable the 59
year old journalist was last seen
visiting this Saudi consulate in
Istanbul and this feared to have been
murdered there it's a claim the Saudis
very mentally deny Khashoggi had most
recently been working for The Washington
Post where he had a regular column he's
long been a prominent critic of Saudi
leaders political commentator Lew
Rockwell told us that despite the outcry
he believes there's no reason to believe
it will have any real impact on us Saudi
relations Saudi Arabia is very important
to the u.s. in terms of the reserve
status of the dollar in terms of the
petro dollar
it's very there they're tied in they're
tied in hand in glove with them I really
don't think anything is gonna nothing is
going to happen then maybe people will
be calling for something to happen
nothing is going to happen
you
