sebastien quartz is hardline against
what he calls political islam has seen
the austrian chancellor on the receiving
end of death threats this all started
after courts announced on Friday that
seven mosques would be shutting their
doors and as many as sixty Imams were
facing deportation six of the mosques
ran by the Austrian Turkish Islamic
Union are accused of having links to
extremism as well as being accused of
harboring hate preachers one mosque run
by the group in Vienna
well they caused a stir back in April
when pictures emerged of children as
young as four years old
dressed in Turkish military uniforms and
saluting the Turkish flag now sixty
Imams are also having their residence
permits reviewed two of those have
already been told that they have to
leave the country Kurt says he's
sticking to promises he made while
campaigning parallel societies political
Islam and radicalization have no place
in our country the federal government is
taking action against these undesirable
developments the decision to close the
mosques which are accused of promoting
Turkish nationalism it's been strongly
criticized in Ankara where president air
Dewan has accused the Chancellor funding
the flames of religious hate your
motorist attitude could cost you dearly
you must know that closing a mosque in
Austria and deporting religious men
could start a new bottle of the cross
and the questions for which you will be
responsible at just 31 years of age
Sebastien Kurtz became Chancellor at the
head of a coalition between his
conservative Austrian People's Party and
the right-wing freedom party now
immigration and Islam featured
prominently in the campaign and as we've
seen from this latest move continues to
play a big part in the policy that
they're enacting however since the
Chancellor is receiving death threats it
does seem that this is a policy that
isn't going down well with the whole of
Austrian society
Peter Oliver RT Berlin
you
