after visiting the other 10 whole cities
I'm finally here in Moscow and this is
where it begins and ends I'm in this
nigga stadium it's completely rebuilt
for the World Cup and there'll be seven
matches played in here so more than half
a million people will be watching
football in here and that includes of
course the opening match between Russia
and Saudi Arabia and the final but in
Moscow there are two venues
I'm at the second must old venue
this is Spartak Moscow Stadium and for
each of the five games that are being
played here more than 45,000 people will
be watching on from the stands
they're gonna see Lionel Messi when it
takes Argentina here to play the minors
the deputies the big surprise from the
euros two years ago Iceland I'm in the
capital and obviously a lot of stuff is
going on here for what exactly
or I'm Peter Schmeichel and I'm here to
check some of that stuff out
I'm in the middle of Moscow and you can
just sense a world cup it's just around
the corner the olden game is tomorrow
and there are so many people in these
streets and you can hear the accents
they're not Russian only they're from
everywhere in the world and in sense the
anticipation that the World Cup is
finally beginning
that's my studio
I'm on top of one of the big hotels in
Moscow and the view is fantastic we've
got the Red Square there it's completely
empty it's closed that's a big concert
going on tonight and one of the star
performers there's a guy that I met in
st. Petersburg the pianist then is
Matsui he's invited me to it and I'm
going of course but this is where I'm
gonna spend the whole World Cup there's
a studio I'll show
this is a lot of people they just stand
here
these are the cameras so I'm gonna be
looking at that for most of the World
Cup and the view is simply stunning I
have to say that
who's reading this the first video
Martis elects i Elega Yaroslavsky
and he joins me live now
if I made it easier for fans to access
the championship Russia has been taken
over by the hype
this is where the whole program we're
gonna do during the World Cup
we've been a huge here you have all the
camera feeds this is my camera here here
so basically I'm gonna be standing there
with the Buddha red fur in the
background
my country then my place Peru on the
16th then we play Australia and then we
end up playing France here in Moscow and
if you are in Moscow a really good tip
if you really want to see football
history
we got the football museum here that
FIFA has made especially for the World
Cup
I'm testing myself on the I don't know
if answer this right yes you're miles of
site mates
that's the original World Cup trophy it
was stolen the pegs it's the original
one and it's never been recovered
liviakis is the only goalkeeper ever to
win the bond or england won the the
World Cup in 1966 it's a long long time
ago and when you have an association
with England you feel how desperate they
are to win the trophy
you got friends Beckenbauer up against
johan cruyff you're on car fare as well
so they played in the 1974 final and
Germany won a 2-1
so when we were at the Jorian in Moscow
and in December I met George Campbell
who was a legendary Mexican goalkeeper
but while making special was his shirt
so Josh camper was not the size that
you'd expect the gold people to be
actually quite small but you know these
sort of colorful shirts and there were a
couple of numbers too big for him NASA
run out of that both gonna be their new
contenders for that is NEMA Ezra's why
MIT said I think if he manages to get
the get fed and here from here to about
there
is a space for the 2018 World Cup in
Russia so so who will be lifting the
trophy
