hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter labelled
the Trump Kim summit in Singapore was
certainly rich when it comes to optics
but what about the substance both
leaders are clearly looking for a win a
process has started there are plenty of
obstacles ahead and no shortage of
people whose worst nightmare might come
true peace coming to the Korean
Peninsula
crosstalking the Singapore Summit I'm
joined by Magus a Gareth Porter in
Washington he is an independent
investigative journalist and historian
as well as author of manufactured crises
the untold story of the Iran nuclear
scare also in Washington we have bal
bina wan she is a visiting professor at
georgetown university and a former
senior special adviser for ambassador
Christopher Hill at the US State
Department all right crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in anytime
you want and I always appreciate it
Gareth let me go to you first you've
been writing about what was happening
before the summit what are your what are
you were your reactions to the summit
now now that it's come and gone into
history go ahead Gareth you know Peter
it was never the case in my view that
this summit was going to produce a
substantive document that was going to
represent you know negotiated agreements
on some of the tricky issue is that
necessarily will have to be resolved in
reaching the agreement on nuclear
denuclearization in Korea therefore you
know the the rather unsubstantial aserp
rise me at all i thought this was about
what one would expect from the first
meeting ever between a u.s. president
and the the current leader of North
Korea given the history of that issue
and the politics that attend the issue
particularly in the United States you
know obviously this is not going to be a
document that's going to give you a
roadmap to a settlement it's not going
to have the the timetable that some
people in the media said was missing of
course it wasn't there's no surprise
there this was a political document that
shows that they got along well and
they're ready to start a process well
being basically the same question to you
I mean I agree with Gareth it's not
really a roadmap I mean least the
document that they released I mean it's
kind of long on hope is this a beginning
of something Balbina in Washington go
ahead well I certainly agree with Gareth
and I've also argued exactly this
but I also argued that this entire
summit was never really about the
nuclear issue and in fact really the
nuclear issue in and of itself has been
distracting the nuclear issue was never
really the problem
the nuclear issue with North Korea was
really a symptom of the much bigger
problem of North Korea itself really
being the problem itself meaning that
was really the heart of the issue the
division of the Korean Peninsula itself
and really what we're talking about is
the division of the Korean Peninsula and
that being at the heart of the issue in
Northeast Asia and the stability of the
entire region well that's a very
interesting point Gareth I mean it's
interesting Bobby and it's kind of
gotten ahead of me because that's where
I really wanted to go here because this
process if it is a process we really
don't know yet but it's a Trump owns it
now
okay and it seems to me that he's
actually given a stamp of approval for
the Koreans they actually get down to
business
I think the BAL Venus point is very
interesting there because this is if
anything is actually really gonna happen
it's gonna happen between the Koreans
themselves okay and I think that's the
door that has been opened here and it
looks like the Koreans north and south
want to walk through it go ahead Gareth
well I think Melvin is right that that
that was the sort of missing link in the
in the whole presentation of the the
problem in Singapore and it obviously
was a crucial part of the run-up to this
summit that both North and South Korea
were ready to go I think further than
ever before in terms of inter-korean
peace and and I I'm quite sure that
president moons role in bringing
President Trump
along with the process that he started
with North Korea was crucial to to
getting Trump to Singapore and and so
there's no doubt in my mind that that is
a crucial part of the background and
the dynamics that will continue to
support a process of reaching agreement
I think it's a very positive extremely
positive part of the entire issue that
that is going to help to propel this
toward the ultimate goal of a u.s. North
Korea agreement okay Bob you know one of
the interesting things in the next step
that's possible and it's and again we're
dealing with the Koreans the United
States never officially went to war
against North Korea was a quote-unquote
police action remember under Truman but
for the Koreans it's a very different
thing if they could in the next I think
reasonable step would be a peace treaty
ending that conflict sixty-eight years
after the fact but that is a really
interesting move because if hostilities
come to an end in on the peninsula then
ultimately you have to ask the question
then why are US troops there okay you
can you can justify it now because
there's an armistice but if their peace
comes then that question is you know
maybe not immediate and the North
Koreans aren't pushing it now but it's
going to be something you're going to
have to confront go ahead Bubbe and in
Washington
well this is exactly the heart of the
issue and I think what people don't seem
to understand is that again we're
conflating all of these issues so
Americans for the last you know
especially in the last six months to a
year we have sort of you know distill
this down to Americans are suddenly
frightened about you know nuclear bombs
raining down on American cities from
North Korea okay well this was
completely essentially this was never
really the threat if you're really
worried about Americans in the homeland
being frightened about North Korean
threats you should frankly be far more
worried about cyber attacks that is
actually a far more realistic threat and
you know every single American should be
far more worried and you know sitting in
your home and having your internet
connection go down and you know your
Facebook connection going down or your
bank account your bank account yeah
right
exactly or your electricity grid or you
know these are the things that you know
most Americans should be frightened
about but but aside from that so so you
know a nuclear attack that is completely
unrealistic but the point being that
that so so there's that issue number one
but but the point being that first of
all peace you know declaring the end of
the war yes that is between the two
Koreas and it is not for anybody else
whether it's China or the United States
or any other country that was involved
during the Korean War or the United
Nations which was the official combatant
to be involved it the two Koreas must
decide this but let me also point out
that peace does not equal stability on
the Korean Peninsula okay which also
does not equal unification okay which
also does not necessarily mean that the
end of conflict or hostility so these
are all different things which also does
not mean the end of North Korea's
missile programs
or the end of North Korea's threats or
the end of the North Korean regime or
the end of North Korea's nuclear
programs so all of these issues are all
completely separate and the world
different countries in the region and
Americans we all need to understand
these as separate issues and I think
everybody just thought that on June 12th
that President Trump and Kim jong-un
would sit down and suddenly Americans
and everybody else would feel safe if
will summit succeeded or if it failed we
would suddenly go to war well it's
certainly not but you know I think the
media and and Gareth you've been talking
about this I mean the media has been
pretty shameful in the in the narratives
that they've been pushing but that
almost has everything to do with
domestic politics in the United States
let me go to Gareth area because you
wrote in written recently on this topic
go ahead well yes of course it's true
that the media have played a very nasty
role in the run-up to this summit really
trying to discredit the idea that there
could be an agreement that would
effectively denuclearize and I guess I
from from what I heard
Malvina say say just a moment ago I
think I disagree with the conclusion
that there can't be a connection between
the various aspects of a peace agreement
between the United States and North
Korea as well as between North and South
Korea and denuclearization I think there
is every reason to believe that those
two things are intimately connected
you'll reveal to reply to finish up your
point there Gareth I'm okay yeah so the
point the point I want to make the point
I want to make is that the the media
have been saying that North Korea has no
interest in ever giving up its nuclear
weapons and that I think is simply not
supported by the the historical
evolution of North Korean policy excuse
me they they have in fact made it clear
that they believe that North Korea's
interests lie in reaching an agreement
with the United States and that their
nuclear program as well as their missile
program have been aimed at ultimately
that outcome yeah I that was that was
part of what I wrote about in my latest
piece starting in 2013 when Kim jong-un
came in to power he immediately embarked
on a buildup it's true a nuclear and
missile program that would give him more
to bargain with but it was also made
clear to Americans who met with the
North Koreans in 2013 that the intention
was that when the United States was
ready to negotiate seriously North Korea
would negotiate on denuclearization in
order to achieve that ultimate goal okay
and a peace agreement let me jump in
here I want to go Balvin and give her 40
seconds to reply before we go to the
break go ahead well being in Washington
go ahead well first I didn't say that it
can't be linked I just simply said that
they don't necessarily all link together
so so I don't think you necessarily I
don't think we necessarily disagree on
that what I will dispute though however
is your conclusion that North Korea will
bargain away the
the nuclear weapons and the reason I say
that is that the nuclear weapons are a
strategic nuclear weapons serve a
strategic purpose determined I don't
think that the nuclear weapons
well absolutely there are deterrence but
the purpose they serve is not so that
the United States will provide the
security guarantee it's not just about
the United States okay let me jet let me
jump in here we're getting good we're
gonna go to a short break and after that
short break we'll continue our
discussion on the Singapore summit stay
with RT welcome back to crosstalk where
all things are considered on Peter
LaBelle to remind you were discussing
the Singapore summit
okay let's go back to Bell being in
Washington right before we went to the
break you were trying to finish up a
point go ahead the single biggest
mistake that people make of when
analyzing the Korean Peninsula is that
the focus is on the United States I
agree you have to understand that for
the entire Korean Peninsula and remember
that North Korea and South Korea have
only existed as separate entities for
the last 70 years Korea has been around
for 2,000 years for 2,000 years Korea
has been surrounded by great powers the
United States has only been around for
as far as Korea's been concerned for a
hundred years so for North Korea the
United States for the last 70 years so
for for North Korea nuclear weapons the
United States is only one actor so so
the nuclear weapon serves the strategic
purpose about independence and security
for all the great powers so even if the
United States provides a guarantee of
independence and security for North
Korea now it's still about independence
against China Russia and potentially any
other great power that threatens the
Korean Peninsula in the future okay so
that's why North Korea will not give up
its nuclear weapons okay to the United
States to the United States sorry Gareth
I mean it brings up a fascinating point
because when in watching Kim and Trump
sign the document and then they spoke to
reporters and then and then Trump's
rather strange I have to say encounter
with the media afterwards because it was
so vague
what does denuclearization actually mean
because we really don't know what that
means okay cuz Valbuena brings up a very
good point and and so it's still kind of
vague here and that's the obstacle here
we I mean we had a lot of optics you
know photo ops and stuff like that and
they look good and it was felt good but
now there's the hard work ahead go ahead
Gareth well you know I don't think it's
really quite true that we have no idea
what denuclearization means well I mean
like the
at times like a time frame like a time
frame okay I mean and then sanctions I
mean obviously if it takes five or seven
years to go through this and and then
sanctions are only drop then I mean
again this is all really really vague
okay I'm for this process
very much for this process I very much
agree with what Balvin is saying but
it's a Korean deal that has to be worked
out here but I mean still the language
here so very vague okay and expectations
are higher than they were
go ahead Gareth yeah the language is
vague and I think that's to be expected
but but I think that both sides have
agreed on a principle that there will be
a phased process in which both sides
will make certain moves in tandem with
one another I think that's the key to
this and and that means that the North
Koreans have agreed to basically get to
have the the destruction of nuclear
weapons or or a process that obviously
would be IAEA
driven watched over to to get rid of the
nuclear weapons as well as the
capability to deliver them certainly
deliver them to the United States at the
very least and and that process of
figuring out what the precise
relationship is in terms of time between
the different steps and which steps go
with which is obviously a very detailed
process that can't be done in a few days
or a few weeks it's going to take some
months to do it it goes I think the
agreement at this point has gone farther
than any previous agreement in this
regard and I've looked at the record of
what happened in the Clinton and Bush
administration's the US government was
nowhere near where they are today in
terms of agreeing to the kind of sort of
arrangements that the phased a mating of
denuclearization with the political
security moves and economic moves that
are contemplated in this agreement so I
think that this is really on track
and and I and I have to say that I
disagree with the idea that North Korea
cannot exist without nuclear weapons if
you go back to the early period of there
was a okay okay well I thought that was
the implication I'd be glad to have you
clarify it but I want to simply state
that I believe that North Korea does
that North Korea does believe that it
can exist us securely without nuclear
weapons as long as it has certain
preconditions that have been realized
so you're saying security guarantees I
mean Mike Pompeo came out and said that
okay Bobby now you wanted to jump in
that's the whole point of the program go
okay well let me again clarify I did not
say that North Korea cannot survive
without nuclear weapons all I simply one
more time nuclear weapons serve it is
one simply one tool of serving the
purpose of independence and security for
the Korean Peninsula now can other
substitutes be they serve that purpose
absolutely and at some point North Korea
may decide that something else can be
substituted for nuclear weapons in fact
North Korea and Kim jong-un may have
decided that another asymmetric weapon
could easily in fact be much more
efficiently serve the purpose of nuclear
weapons and in fact perhaps cyber
weapons for example could actually
substitute and be much better than
nuclear weapons that that is in fact why
what may have brought him to the table I
don't know so yes I agree
he North Korea could have made that
decision
I don't know so absolutely I'm not
saying it has to be nuclear weapons so
that was my point okay now I don't know
what statement you read but that
statement absolutely is not the most
comprehensive go back and read the
six-party agreements and I don't know
why you're referring to the agreed
framework the six-party agreements was
absolutely the most comprehensive this
statement signed yesterday was a joint
agreement and it completely just
reiterate
in the vaguest terms every other
previous agreement that was already
signed by North Korea it simply
reiterated in the Vegas terms everything
that was reiterated that is simply all
it did okay we man it just restarts all
over again okay okay but this time it
will be different I think this time it
will be different because we have an
historical precedent and it's called
Libya and it's also the u.s. walking
away from the Iran deal
Gareth this is what really is interest
it's an interesting mix right here
because it's a question of trust I mean
why you know if I were in the North
Korean leadership I'd be saying well why
would we go down a long road of
negotiations when this president this
country that we're dealing with walks
away from internationally agreed trum
agreements I mean that this throws into
the mix here and of course Bolton really
wanted to poison the well when he was
saying yeah the Libyan example you know
and of course I don't think Trump was
aware of it when he was backing it up at
the time okay that that the point that
the reason why I'm saying that because I
saw his press conference and he's kind
of thin on historical facts okay so I
mean talk about Libya talk about Iran
when it comes to the North Koreans go
ahead Gareth well we know that the Libya
model that was advanced by John Bolton
was aimed at sabotage yeah the whole
process of of reaching a summit and
Beyond and that failed
fortunately for very good reason that
both Trump and Kim did not want to have
that interfere and both took steps to
overcome that that obstacle and I think
that's why we are talking about the
summit as we are now but but I think
it's not just the Libya model that is
the problem in terms of Trump in terms
of mistrust and Trump it's really the
wider much more fundamental problem that
the US political system has a serious
difficulty actually reaching right an
agreement that can be then transferred
from one administration to the next it
appears that we've lost the ability
pass international treaties in this
country and that I think is is a serious
problem that that I'm sure Kim jong-un
and the North Koreans have been thinking
about they are going to insist I'm quite
sure on a treaty and the question I have
really is whether at this point the US
Congress is going to be willing and able
to deliver on an international treaty
surrounding this agreement but being as
usual you want to jump in go ahead let
me point something out first of all one
more time please understand that not
everything is about the United States no
no no Harry no hang on my point is no no
my point is very different than nuclear
weapons my point is trust because you
could talk about you could talk about
cyber weapons you can talk about their
nuclear weapons but you have to talk
about the ability to negotiate go ahead
Libya Iran and trust so that those are
the three things I would like to address
go ahead number one trust is simply I
think over emphasized in international
relations trust is simply over
emphasized let me point out that North
Korea the Korean Peninsula has never
trusted any neighbor ever for 2,000
years you have to understand the mindset
of the Korean Peninsula the Orion King
Minos has been sovereign then why was
there a summit then why was there
something if they have no trust of
outsiders why did they have put on this
whole Sharad in in in Singapore doesn't
make any sense to me I mean they
certainly want something that's why they
sat at the table go right ahead
so I'm trying to explain this so the
Korean Peninsula has been an independent
kingdom for almost 2,000 years so it but
it doesn't trust its surrounding powers
because it has been conscious
we invaded and for the last 100 years it
was colonized its sovereignty was taken
away and then it was divided and both
sides both Korean sides the North and
the South believed that it was divided
not because it wanted to be outside by
the great powers and that it went to war
okay because it was forced to and that
the south is occupied now why did kim
jongwan come to the summit because it
wants it wants recognition and it wants
to assert Kim jong-un wants to assert
his legitimacy and he wants to be
recognized as a world power that's why
he came to the summit now whether or not
he was going to give up a bargain aways
nuclear weapons we still don't know we
still back to the Libya and Iran so we
still don't know yes that is correct now
back to Libya and Iran North Korea does
not believe that Libya and Iran are good
examples yes North Korea follows other
countries but North Korea says we are
unlike any other country here's the
thing okay okay this is a very very run
out of time many thanks to my guests in
Washington and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember across countries
you
