now the US president Donald Trump has
touched down in Singapore for the
historic summit between the u.s. and
North Korea Air Force One arrived at
Singapore Airport in the last few hours
Trump will meet the North Korean leader
Kim jong-un on Tuesday and the meeting
will be the first ever face-to-face
contact between a u.s. president and a
leader of North Korea mr. Kim is also in
Singapore gearing up the highly
anticipated summit he arrived a few
hours earlier on an Air China plane well
the North Korean leaders accommodation
in Singapore has been kept top secret
however when reporters supported guards
spotted guards and suits jogging around
a motorcade arriving at the San Regis
Hotel people are putting two and two
together and thinking that's where Kim's
bedding down during the summit
you
