Ontario province in Canada has shaken
the country's political landscape after
being led by liberals for the last 15
years a controversial conservative Doug
Ford has been elected as premier in a
landslide win his brother also a
politician is perhaps more famous though
for other reasons future of mankind so
we'd like you to look we would like to
say people kind it shouldn't be a big
thing
that the Prime Minister's walking in
Pride Parade from now on cheedo ended a
decade of conservative rule he also
wants to bring 25,000 Syrian refugees to
Canada so Fairford please stop this
Rothstein
that's more crack having smoked crack it
over here yes I have some crack cocaine
Olivia gone that says that I want to eat
her being gone doc I've never said that
in my life to her I would never do that
I'm happily married I've got more than
enough beat at home Wells want to get
their hands back in the cookie jar you
see the controversy already it's just
starting we see what the provincial
Liberals have done Justin Trudeau number
one in my opinion he's totally
incompetent for me to be Prime Minister
Ontarians voted for change tonight I
spoke with Ford to congratulate him on
his election as premier designate
looking forward to working together to
create jobs and opportunity so there was
a desire for change I do think this
milkshake will be kind of an earthquake
government if they want to win in 2019
because the opposition the conservative
opposition leader in Ottawa is perhaps
another version of Doug Ford in at the
federal level and they will feel
energized by this vote
you
