a failed asylum seeker suspected of
raping and murdering a teenage girl in
Germany has been arrested in Iraq it
follows a high-profile hunt for the man
who managed to flee the country with
false documents raising questions over
the police handling of the case with
details he's artis Peter Oliver well
this is a case that hat it's fitzy has
shaken Germany it's everywhere you look
around the country on media and
newspapers on Friday and involves the
killing of a 14 year old girl whose body
was found on Wednesday she'd been
missing from the the Western German city
of Wiesbaden from from the 22nd of May
early in stages of the investigation of
course but they what the police are
revealing is that it seems that she was
strangled and sexually assaulted now she
comes from a family that were well known
and active within the Jewish community
and when the girl who is named as as is
the norm in Germany only by her first
name in last name only name to Susannah
when she went missing her mother
actually issued a really heart-wrenching
appeal via Facebook to Chancellor Angela
Merkel to to try and appeal for any any
answers to where her child was dear mrs.
Merkel this is an appeal for help I
turned to you with this cry for help
because I feel let down by the German
state as well as by the police there is
nothing worse for a mother in the world
than not to know where her child is well
the main suspect who has been detained
in northern Iraq is described as a 20
year old failed asylum applicant who
originally arrived in Germany from Iraq
now he was already known to authorities
for a string of petty theft involvement
and also his involvement in a previous
rape case so there are a lot of
questions flying around how despite
these serious red flags this person was
not deported already or at least facing
some form of custodial sentence within
Germany now this has been jumped on by
right-wing groups within the country
also including the largest opposition
party the alternative for Germany party
saying that this is a direct result of
Angela Merkel's refugee policies the
direct policies that are so
intrinsically linked and ultimately will
be intrinsically linked to Angela
Merkel's tenure as Chancellor however
those people who have criticized Angela
Merkel for that have in turn being
criticised for turning what is really a
tragedy into a political football
you
