the Red Cross has evacuated scores of
its workers from Yemen amid concerns for
their safety our current activities have
been blocked threatened and directly
targeted in recent weeks and we see a
vigorous attempt to instrumentalize our
organization as a pawn in the conflict
Yemen's Civil War between Houthi rebels
loyal to the previous government and
Army forces backed by a saudi-led
coalition well it's torn the country
apart over the last three years
according to the United Nations
thousands of children have been killed
or injured with millions displaced and
even more in need of humanitarian
assistance it's been described as the
worst man-made humanitarian crisis in
modern history saudi-led coalition which
has been conducting a bombing campaign
in the country says that it always seeks
to protect civilians and aid
organizations working in the country but
a spokesperson for the Red Cross in
Yemen says that such measures are simply
not working we have seen a serious
degradation of the security and then we
have felt also that somehow this
collective responsibility of all the
parties to the conflict to ensure the
security of humanitarian workers has let
us down so now we have been forced to
relocate 71 of our staff which is the
majority of our international staff from
across the country in Yemen to Djibouti
where we have a back base to support the
operations due to the degradation of the
security situation we had a colleague
that was brutally murdered less than two
months ago in tires when he was coming
out of detention visit in the past two
years we have also had Yemeni colleagues
who were shot and killed we have had an
abduction of another colleague also in
the past three years this is not
acceptable
all the parties to this to this conflict
and then the countries that influenced
them have to take up their collective
responsibility and I want to emphasize
the fact that this is a collective
responsibility of all those parties to
protect the humanitarian workers but
also to protect the Yemeni civilians
that are caught in between when we say
that they're the International Committee
of the Red Cross an institution that has
an extensive experience working in in in
frontlines and working in war zones is
is having is having to relocate its
staff that just shows how bad the
situation is if it's this bad for us you
can imagine how bad it is for Yemenis
also today
you
