leaders of the world's biggest economies
have rounded on the US over its
imposition of hefty metals tariffs the
French president Emmanuel macron has
even suggested that America could find
itself excluded he don't go maybe the
American president doesn't mind being
isolated today but we also don't mind
being six if need be and it seems like
Donald Trump himself is preparing for a
tough atmosphere at the g7 he has
tweeted that he is ready for a fight
with his fellow world leaders over the
issues of trade later he tweeted that
the European Union itself is charging
the u.s. massive tariffs
Arty's Donald quarter looks at the
impact of some of trumps latest policies
the g7 s June summit seems already
destined for dysfunction with a heap of
complaints from the US as European
allies some are suggesting a name change
to keep up with the times we should have
been United stirring that g7 to tackle
the global challenges of the world and
instead of that we will be divided it
will not be a g7 it will be a g6 plus
one it's not too hard to see where the
fallout between Washington and the rest
of the pack is coming from in just two
years
Donald Trump has caused serious problems
for major international agreements first
by announcing he was ditching the Paris
climate Accord then the Iran nuclear
agreement the breakthrough deal which
took years to negotiate and now he's
unleashed a trade war with the EU by
slapping tariffs on their steel and
aluminum the United States will withdraw
from the Iran nuclear deal the United
States will withdraw from the Paris
climate Accord the United States has
been taken advantage of by other
countries both friendly and not so
friendly for many many decades I'm here
to protect and one of the reasons I was
elected as I'm protecting our workers
I'm protecting our companies even angle
a Merkel who's known for maintaining her
cool during the worst diplomatic spats
has had some strong words to share about
the you
his recent exits it is clear that
especially with the exit of the u.s.
from the climbing deal
there is dissent within the g7 just as
much as with the announcement of tariffs
on aluminum and steel which were
believer legal and also the issue of the
Iranian nuclear deal which the US has
withdrawn from moreover Merkel warned
this lack of compromise may lead to the
g7 failing to issue a joint statement
that would make this year's summit in
Toronto the first ever to end without a
communique and chances are high at will
with the French president Emmanuel
macron also rumored to be unwilling to
sign a joint paper with Trump unless he
makes some concessions and makes an
effort to mend all the multilateral
deals he's jumped which Trump most
likely will not actually according to
his economic adviser this row is no big
deal at all there may be disagreements I
regard this as much like a family
quarrel we will do what is necessary to
protect the United States its businesses
and its workforce don't blame Trump
blame the nations that have broken away
from those conditions blame the other
countries now that's what you want to
hear right before a g7 summit
Donald quarter RT
you
