US stocks have taken another hit
continuing to drop after Wall Street
experienced its worst day in eight
months
on Wednesday the plunge has been caused
in part by investors concerns over the
Federal Reserve hiking interest rates a
decision that has angered Donald Trump
Trump's remarks come after the feds
third interest rate hike this year a
move that increases the cost of
borrowing for businesses almost all of
the main US indices are now in the red
tech Titans like Facebook Amazon and
Netflix are among the firm's to have
taken big hits a former US congressman
Ron Paul told us that in his view
interest rates should be determined by
market forces it's not Trump's fault
it's not the Federal Reserve the current
Federal Reserve's fault that we had this
drop yesterday and today that comes from
the fact that the Federal Reserve of
these past ten years these qyz
manufacturing critic masses amount of
credit over all these years which causes
the distortions in the malinvestment and
the debt the most important thing if
you're looking at Ryan for looking for a
free-market economy
you have to have interest rates settled
by the economy in a free market because
it's a very very important information
so I don't I think the president is
wrong in thinking that he can't just
lecture the Federal Reserve and the
Federal Reserve's wrong because they
think they know what is the right thing
to do and they don't know what the right
rate of interest is or the right number
of supply of money that can only be
decided by the market the effects of the
feds interest rate increase are being
felt in Asia as well with stock markets
in China Japan and South Korea suffering
on Thursday financial commentator Jim
Rogers gave us his thoughts on the
volatility that we're seeing through
this it's a Federal Reserve did go crazy
a few years ago and drove interest rates
down to zero which has never happened in
history everywhere else in the world
went 2-0 so yes they went crazy central
bank's everywhere and did something
which has never been done and drove
interest rates to zero and below zero
now they're trying to get sanity back
and raise them to the property level
America is the largest credit and the
largest debtor nation in the history of
the world and America has the largest
economy in the world so of course what
America does has an effect on other
people but you know it affects Japan
Japan's the third largest economy in the
world it affects Europe Europe is a huge
economy so if America has a problem
everybody has a problem or everybody who
deals with America but especially if
there's a trade war going on and it
seems there is and will be more that
affects everybody whether you're
involved in the trade war or not
you
