the united states midterm elections are
less than a month away no with both the
democrats and republicans appearing at
least to go increasingly animated and
outspoken a recent YouGov poll shows a
six percent gap in support between the
two parties with democrats leading on
47% killer bourbon looks at how campaign
protocols being torn up in their current
political climate I may not agree with
what you say but I shall defend to the
death your right to say it
now that used to be the favorite
quotation of Americans but not anymore
civility is passe just ask Hillary
Clinton you cannot be civil with a
political party that wants to destroy
what you stand for what you care about
if we are fortunate enough to win back
the house and/or the Senate that's when
civility can start again remember back
when everyone hailed this motto when
bago low we go high well now Barack
Obama's former attorney general has
adjusted it just a little
Michelle which says that you know when
they go low they go low we kick
and some sectors of the US public are
pretty clearly ready for battle
some Republicans are now warning that
the chaos could turn deadly
I fear that there's going to be an
assassination I really worry that
somebody is going to be killed and that
those who are ratcheting up the
conversation they have to realize they
bear some responsibility
if this elevates to violence after the
Senators personal information was
released online his family is on edge
you know I felt incredibly threatened
and frightened I had been frightened
when Rand left for DC that Monday
because you know if the new messages get
up in their face get in people's face
but Republicans are also out for blood
the Democrats have become too extreme
too dangerous to govern they've gone
wacko you don't hand matches to an
arsonist and you don't give power to an
angry left-wing mob and that's what the
Democrats have become
so civility just forget it it's likely
that even after the midterm elections
Americans aren't just gonna get over it
divisions are getting deeper caleb
Maupin RT New York well former US
congressman Ron Paul says that beyond
the war of words Republicans and
Democrats agree and much more than they
think the policies are very very similar
and we work in the free to move in the
libertarian movement have said this that
there's a lot of bipartisanship when it
comes to passing legislation like
running up the deficits and getting
involved in excuse me in Foreign Wars
and being involved like this it they're
very much the same but I think the
disagreement is more of a cultural thing
and the differences on philosophy is not
so much then we would like what we as
libertarians would like to see the
discussion about you know like our
federal reserve system and spending and
deficits and personal liberties and
civil liberties but there seems to be
too much agreement there but right now
there's no doubt there's a lot of
hostility between the two groups and
they're very very angry
you
