I'm really proud to tell you that there
is more than just a special reason for
me to be wearing this golden tie because
here in the studio right now we're going
to show you a very special shiny golden
guest can we please have a look and this
is of course the number-one trophy that
we have in football getting hold of it
is the ultimate dream for any footballer
on this planet from the kids that are
kicking the ball around the corner to
Leo Messi by the way you know that the
guy who is thought to be the best
footballer in the 21st century he has
never been able to touch it and here
with me I have elec beletsky who's head
of public affairs and communications at
the coca-cola system in Russia 2018 FIFA
World Cup project aleck hello shroo that
Leo Messi has never been able to touch
it indeed according to the FIFA
regulations this is the one and only
made of 18 karat solid gold the official
FIFA World Cup trophy and only heads of
state and FIFA World Cup winners can
touch this magnificent full dough price
so whenever a team wins the World Cup
this is the one that's given to the team
and this is the one that the Capitol
throws and all the fireworks and
everything around it that's exactly what
we see there and correct and this is
what is going to happen on the 15th of
July in Luzhniki here in Moscow the
winning team will lift this exact trophy
above their heads and this is the one
that they keep only for a short while
for the ultimate possession they get a
so called the so-called winner's trophy
which it looks like exactly this one but
only made of bronze and it's a
gold-plated bronze elect but as far as I
understand this particular one has been
on quite a journey across Russia miles
and miles of travelling can you tell us
more about that yes exactly and not only
Russia but I would say the whole world
and here I have to thank our partners
in FIFA and the local organizing
committee here russia 2018 for helping
us and been really great partners in
organizing this magnificent one of the
longest tours ever and especially for
russian you know russian geography is so
vast so the trophy traveled from
Kaliningrad to Vladivostok literally a
massive geography we estimated that
around 40 million people lives in the
nearest proximity to the cities where
the trophy visited so almost every third
Russian had an opportunity and still
have more opportunities here in Moscow
to see this magnificent trophy so for us
for the coca-cola company as the
exclusive organizer of the FIFA World
Cup trophy - it was it is a great honor
and opportunity to bring this trophy to
as many people as possible get them
excited about this magnificent football
fest that is coming here to Russia first
time in history and also at the same
time it brings them together around
their passion for this beautiful sport
which is football like apart from the
geography was there anything special
about this tour across Russia anything
that this guy witnessed in particular
that was different from all the previous
tours to be honest the way of you and I
personally witnessed them some of them
were touchy touching some of them were
quite funny so in Kaliningrad for
instance a young guy made a marriage
proposal to his to his girl and that was
really really touching and almost you
know I almost had tears in my eyes and a
lot of newlyweds coming to see this
trophy after their wedding and in I
think it was in perm in in Siberia there
was a longtime fan of football
it was around sixty years of age and he
always wanted to see the trophy but you
know been in Siberia what are the
chances that you can see the trophy and
then traffic came to their town and an
opportunity to see this trophy was like
an event of his life and the guy was
crying and I haven't seen you know a 60
year old guy crying at the sight of the
trophy so for me was also telling that
what we do here with our partners the
coca-cola system bringing this trophy
givin ordinary people an opportunity to
see this exclusive price is just
unbelievable owner and opportunity for
us you know to share this football
football festival with as many people as
possible get them excited get them
prepared for the FIFA World Cup you know
it's the motor of the Coca Cola's
advertising campaign here in Russia and
around of all the world getting ready
for the FIFA World Cup for the games how
did you choose the cities and was any
citizen able to come maybe take a
picture witness it there were no
restrictions at all apart from touching
it of course well what exactly that's
the whole idea to bring this trophy to
as many fans and their friends and their
families to be able to be you see to be
able to be close to this unbelievable
price of the world football we selected
the city on the principle of the biggest
concentration of people are around them
so I'd say as I already mentioned in
about one hour drive proximity around
the geography of the trophy tour in
Russia we had 40 million people living
so that's that's an unbelievable
geography you were talking about some
touching moments anything funny or maybe
any special people who had a chance to
interact with the number one trophy on
this planet and football there were a
couple of special people first of all
there were FIFA legends who were able to
come close and obviously touch the
trophy just the one that we we hosted
this Sunday was a lot of materials from
Germany who actually won this trophy we
also had Jupiter silver who joined us in
Vladivostok and some petersburg massive
celebration at the dwarfs oversquare
during the city today with the trophy
but i also would like to focus on some
other special people who came close to
this trophy and this is the another
objective that the trophy to err has
it's promoting inclusivity around the
world with the help of football with the
help of the trophy - the same way as we
want as many people as possible to see
the trophy we also want as many people
as possible to be part of the game not
to be excluded so we use in the trophy -
and the FIFA World Cup as the coca-cola
system in Russia to promote inclusive
education given up
to unity to people with special needs
with mental disabilities to be also part
of the society and highlight the issue
of social isolation of people with
special needs so we are bringing them to
the traffic giving them an opportunity
to interact with this magnificent price
we also during the trophy too and in
many cities in Russia especially the
host cities the fever World Cup 2018
host cities we organized the so called
unified matches where football stars
public personalities and people with
special needs played in one team
showcasing that we deserve to be as one
team as one society joined by love of
football to to football and by this
magnificent FIFA World Cup disease
coming to Russia for the first time in
history or like beletsky thank you so
much for letting us have the opportunity
at the RT studio complex thank you very
much
