the Gaza Israel border is braced for
more protests on Tuesday Palestinians
are marking the 51st anniversary of the
six-day war known to them as knacks a
day or the day of setback more than a
hundred Palestinians have been killed
since the end of March when
anti-occupation protests began there
meantime the US ambassador to Israel has
some less than diplomatic advice for
journalists covering the violence
well the American ambassador to Israel
David Friedman has attacked the media
for what he says is failing to fairly
cover the recent protests along the
Israel Gaza border
he said that when you have a situation
of some 40,000 protestors storming the
Israel border under the cover of burning
tires and with pistols and Molotov
cocktails that situation is
unprecedented and he says that Israel
did the best it could and yet despite
this 90 percent of media coverage was
biased and critical against the Israeli
Defense Forces the American ambassador
did however concede that some criticism
against Israel is legitimate now
Israel's position has always been to
blame Hamas for the protests and the
ensuing violence and this is a position
that American officials have echoed
Hamas terrorists backed by Iran have
incited attacks against Israeli security
forces and infrastructure and we
understand that Israel has a right to
defend itself I urged the members of the
Security Council to exercise at least as
much scrutiny of the actions of the
Hamas terrorist group as it does to
Israel's legitimate right of
self-defense now despite the fact that
American officials have come out in
support of how the Israeli army behaved
in dealing with those Gaza protests
there has been unprecedented criticism
in the international community
particularly by human rights groups you
have for example Human Rights Watch
saying that the IDF's behavior was a
bloodbath you have the United Nations
saying that it was outrageous you have
Amnesty International saying to quote
that there was a horrifying use of live
ammunition against unarmed protestors
now the latest figures we have from the
Gaza Health Ministry are that a hundred
and nineteen people were killed in nine
weeks of violence the situation on the
ground is still tense and unfortunately
we're bracing ourselves for those
figures to climb
