we wrote into the Baikonur cosmodrome as
the Sun was rising in order to catch the
first glimpses of the craft as it left
the assembly platform too slowly surely
and ever so cautiously make its way to
the launch pad
the solar system is actually made up of
two parts the rocket and the spacecraft
itself first out of the gate was the
rocket which contains the most
eye-catching aspect the first-stage
boosters which measure around 20 metres
long they will burn for only 118 seconds
before falling away at which point the
second then the third stage rockets take
over the top half is the actual
spacecraft and it can also be broken
down into three sections at the very top
is the orbital module where the crew
will sit for takeoff
currently this I you system is the only
one in the world of use to get crew
members back and forth to the
International Space Station behind me
you can see the rocket taking its final
position on the platform before takeoff
sighing system is finally in place here
at launch pad 1 also known as Gagarin
start named in honor of Yuri Gagarin the
first man ever launched into space back
in 1961 and that was just a few years
after the first artificial satellite was
also launched right from here and on
Wednesday I'm going to get a chance to
witness my very own liftoff
