an anti-immigration party has come out
on top in another European election
Sunday's vote in Slovenia soar the
Democratic Party the SDS win the most
seats although it did fall far short of
getting a majority it's been suggested
the increase in support for the SDS may
be linked to the migrant crisis almost
half a million passed through the
country in 2015 and 2016 as they
attempted to cross into Western Europe
the winning party's leader
Yanis yancha claims that migrants would
be better off staying in their own
countries mr. Mori during the biggest
wave of mass migration we told our
European partners there a better life
for those who want to come to Europe
should be secured in their home
countries let's get some thoughts now
from Slovenian philosopher and social
critics loved orgies yak welcome back to
our team mr. Gigi I was good to talk to
you it was a pretty inconclusive
election resolve this but I suppose
fairly significant indications of what
voters are thinking right now do you
think it's got a chance of forming a
coalition other parties don't seem too
confident I think it will be very
difficult for us to form a coalition
because I don't surprise sorry I don't
understand this surprise oh my god
young Juwan look are you aware that in
the last election in almost all past
elections
youngja got more votes than in this last
election is just that the leftist
coalition which most of the time rules
lavinia got more dispersed but now and
not to mention that other smaller
right-wing party fared much worse this
time
so I think that this anti-immigrant
nationalist right and so on is much
weaker than it ever was but nonetheless
I agree with you they present a
considerable force why it's the same
process all around Western Europe United
States enthroned and so on the ruling
Liberal elites as we usually say lost
contact with so-called ordinary people
ordinary workers who simply don't feel
represented by European institutions
they think those who sit in buses are an
alien
and they are left behind
and this opens up the space involved and
the immigrant orientations and I think
this is a very sad phenomenon because
it's a conflict among two who groups of
people local working best local
unemployed and on the other hand
immigrant and the elite the rich people
those who have power can sit safely in
their seats and play humanitarian you
see those racist fighting each other we
are the good guys and so on and so on so
again the solution is not to bemoan
racism of ordinary people the solution
is to give them a clear this is the
problem isn't is if on the one side the
populist parties are saying you've got a
rich elite and it's ignoring your needs
but it's quite another to maybe exploit
the bandwagon of some of the world's
most vulnerable people by tapping into
fears justified or not of levels of
immigration immigrant parties right it
is clear by some science emerging more
and more clearly that some kind of
fascism is reemerging all around post
communist central Eastern Europe I even
called coined a term for them which
brought me many enemies a new axis of
evil Baltic States Poland Czech Republic
Hungary Slovenia Croatia who are in
conflict with Western Europe precisely
because of this protection is stronger
nation state and so Austin's so I don't
agree with them but you know so it was
with such reason as the German
philosopher back in the forties Walter
Benjamin said the rise of every fascism
is based on the failure of a revolution
okay I wouldn't talk about evolution
today I would simply talk about
listening to the cares to the worries of
the ordinary people
communication here yeah and what do
people wear you are in Ljubljana your
friends your neighbors what do they
really think of the migrant crisis
because correct me if I'm wrong
as far as Slovenia is concerned at the
height of the migrant crisis when
Hungary closed its borders many migrants
made their way through Slovenia but they
were trying to get to France to Germany
and into Britain they didn't stay in
Slovenia so what do people where you are
really think of the migrant crisis if
you asked me Frank opinion I would say
we were good-humour rita triplanetarians
relatively decent once from a safe
distance listen there was a corridor
established for humanitarians sorry for
the refugees they were mostly
intercepted at the border put into buses
or trains and transported directly to
Australia and we were a little bit
surprised incidentally how many of them
when asked would you like to stay here
they said no no you had to poor country
we want Germany Norway or whatever
people a little bit threatened like at
the highest point up to five thousand
people across the border daily but the
transport was well organized so it
wasn't a big crisis but again clearly it
was easily perceptible how how one can
be it when it doesn't cost you much an
abstract humanitarian we are not
barbarians we don't want wires from our
border and so on and so on
in the abstract level but when you
really see people going through your
country ain't it of course I don't blame
the poor immigrants I agree with you and
deeply sympathetic with them we should
do something for them but of course as
among every group of people there are
also criminals among them and so on and
so on so and I think we were lucky that
it went pretty smoothly so that we it
did not cause any irrational fear or
explosions among the majority of the
population
okay it's always enlightening to talk to
you on any subject thanks very much for
joining us today though you might have
another election before the years
through where you are those Lavoie but
thanks very much for joining us for now
from Ljubljana
