hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
Hillary Clinton says civility can only
return when the Democrats are back in
power former Obama AG Eric Holder has
coined a new phrase when they go low we
kicked them without a doubt both
statements can be dismissed as political
banter as the midterms loom but it would
seem no one can claim much virtue and
civility in this environment
crosstalking political discourse on
joined by my guests in Washington
Richard Goodstein he is a democratic
political strategist and a former
adviser to Hillary Clinton's two
presidential campaigns we also have
Christopher Baron his president of right
turn strategies and we have Reena Shaw
she's a Republican strategist and a
principal and relax strategies all right
crosstalk rules in effect that means he
can jump in anytime you want and I
always appreciated Richard you know I'm
gonna go to you first okay Richard
Hillary Clinton's she can wandered out
of the woods and had a interview and
talked about civility which was pretty
hard for me to swallow and then a former
attorney general take them I mean I can
understand why people accuse Donald
Trump of pulling down the discourse and
that would be fair okay but should these
two other figures be doing this as well
go ahead Richard as a point of reference
Donald Trump said to his supporters if
you see a protester punch him and I'll
pay your legal fees so that's just kind
of a baseline okay I already Richard
gave he already gave you that I already
gave you that okay but why indices is
holding Hillary Clinton doing it go
ahead okay I would urge your viewers
Peter to watch the entire interview
people like you would support Donald
Trump and others by joking that one I
don't support I don't I don't
well well then listen to the whole
interview she said we want to be civil
but what she's saying is when we're
being dealt with in a way that's uncivil
when the rules are being broken you know
Bill Clinton famously said it's better
to be strong and wrong versus weak and
right and I think what she was saying is
we Democrats have been we can right and
we can't do that anymore that's what
she's talking about
this notion that she's suggesting that
people be uncivil again is wildly out of
context please I tell your viewers why
it's not under content management poor
by the waitress okay the Democrats wall
area see things really really nice warm
fuzzy things and now they're gonna play
tough go ahead Christopher
I was gonna say like first off it is
hilarious for us to pretend the
Democrats have always been so civil look
it was Hillary Clinton who took the
unprecedented step of actually running
not just against Donald Trump but it
gets running against the people who
supported Donald Trump never before have
we had a major presidential candidate
campaigning against voters not against
her opponent not against his policy and
she's not president I know you guys are
so upset about the rules but every time
we win you guys will want to change the
rules here's what I would recommend you
do I would recommend that you guys not
try to out Trump Trump because you're
never gonna be able to do it really
exactly we want to have a discussion
about the policy that's fine that's just
like the questions I sent out through my
producers it's a asymmetrical thing this
is what Donald Trump's and this does and
the Democrats don't understand can't
comprehend it and don't know how to
fight back against it okay it's also
back to Arena in Washington here I mean
if you want to talk about civility I'd
like to know what Brett Kavanaugh is
opinion about what civility is in
Washington today go ahead well I'll just
start by injecting my own opinion is
that civility really is dead here in
2018 in the United States I as I've
traveled the country since 2016 I've
just found pockets where people seem to
be more than just angry they literally
feel like they've been wronged and
something needs to be done about it and
I see that on both sides I'm a centrist
at heart and what I saw with these
Cavanagh hearings and essentially the
confirmation was just all that coming to
the surface again a very visceral
response from both sides and people just
not willing to see the gray area here
this was tough for two people dr.
Christine Blasi Ford and judge Cavanaugh
undeniably judge Cavanaugh want out he
is now a justice on the highest court in
our land and he was able to prevail but
you know Republicans aren't willing to
leave it alone they're sort of saying
you sullied the good name of a man who
worked his whole life for this Democrats
are stomping mad feeling like you know
this is just the worst thing that could
happen in our lifetimes I'm sitting here
saying that when are we Americans
start acting like Americans again and
seeing each other for who we are our
differences but understanding that
there's more that unites us and divides
us
I'm gonna save time and not ask a
question go ahead Richard go ahead
Richard go ahead I'm not sure if this is
the single worst thing that's happened
in our political lifetime but it makes
people gag when the president says at
his swearing in mock ceremony he was
proven innocent that's a lie
it makes people gag to have him say to a
rally making fun of this woman who years
ago told her therapist about this
incident and told her husband and told
others it makes people gag that a
president united states already mocked a
handicapped reporter mock John McCain
for getting shot down by the North
Vietnamese mock this woman because when
she was 15 she couldn't remember who
drove her there she remembered the bed
she remember having a hand over her face
she remember the music being turned up
she remembered the laughing at her she
remembered having to run out of the
house she remembered all that and Donald
took the prison United States mocks her
by the way you know what Chris we'll
hang on here you know it wasn't that he
said she said it was she said and they
said and they did not cooperate her okay
there was no one corroborator knowing
okay I know you I know the Democrats
want blood revenge okay we'll see the
midterms Christopher go ahead but if you
want to talk about a victim of sexual
assault who had corroboration at the
time contemporaneously who told people
it's Juanita Broderick who I spent a
week with during the Cavanaugh hearings
who was viciously raped by President
Bill Clinton and by the way we still
have Democrats out there today defending
Bill Clinton so I don't want to hear
anything about what doctor fooled with
you I don't want to hear it me any
brought up about the way that President
Trump about look I'm tell you right now
it is a disgrace what was done and what
is continued to be done by Juanita
Broderick okay marina let me go back to
you I think it was under oath when she
was under
see tonight if Christopher go check
record when you I need a brighter who is
put under I know exactly by the way I
know exactly why I know the very first
time the very first time I don't you
know we're gonna have we're gonna hear
about the Clintons after the election on
their tour okay let's save it for them
okay rina in washington also you know
one of the things and being a centrist
because i appreciate that it seems to me
when i look at the the democratic
parties friendly media CNN MSNBC
Washington Post New York Times I mean do
you think that it's it's in their favor
to just continue this anti Trump rage
because that's all it is okay and I
think that you've already made your mind
up about Donald Trump I mean who in the
world hasn't by now okay it seems to me
it's counterproductive I can't even
watch those two channels because it's
they say the same thing 24/7 I already
heard it from them two years ago go
ahead rina yeah you know so this is
where we're at it goes to my earlier
point of us just not being able to
listen to the other side I grew I was
born and raised in southern West
Virginia which is Trump country how many
rallies has the president done out there
I go back every few weekends and my
family enjoyed great prosperity in the
the southern part of the state and we we
still very much love that part it
doesn't matter to me that people say to
me that Donald Trump is the next you
know he's sort of like a demigod around
there let's just admit it and I couldn't
be further from supporting this
president but look the thing to me is I
understand that these people felt
depressed they felt like Donald Trump
offered them something he offered them
solutions to their woes now that's
remains yet to be seen right now in this
moment the economy is doing great we
know this may not last forever but
people in my home state of West Virginia
felt like they wanted something else in
Clintonian policies and they just didn't
feel that Hillary Clinton like I did
really could relate to the plight of the
average American woman because she'd
been out of touch with it for a while
now the great irony there is that Donald
Trump with his billion commodes in Trump
Tower you know look like he was a guy if
you ask me couldn't really relate to the
average West Virginian either but we
have to understand all points we have to
take all
and that's what America is at its core
is when we listen to each other and come
together to craft solutions when I was
on Capitol Hill as an aide things only
get done when you work with the other
side in this moment I was so
disappointed to see Democrats you're on
the Judiciary Committee acting the way
they did during the Kavanagh hearings
because it was it was pure theater and
this is what we're doing we're doing a
disservice to American people when we
get on platforms and just talk about
really again the ugly side of things
let's talk about what we can agree on I
mean the economy's doing right now and
I'm happy for that that's very you know
Richard it's really interesting
apparently over it over at CNN and MSNBC
you can't use the word mob right now
referring to a lot of the protests
violent protests that we've seen over
the last few weeks here I but that's the
difference between the two Americans
right now it's in the eye of beholder
some people say it's a protest other
people say it's a mob getting back to an
arena said how do we how do we bridge
that gap because I look at Fox's
coverage of it and it certainly looks
like a mob to me Richard go ahead yeah
so again Donald Trump is in Fox are
using this mob notion because they
always need an other it's ms-13 it would
be Alexandria Ocasio Cortes if Donald
Trump could pronounce her name so it's
Maxine Waters it's Hillary Clinton they
talk about locking her up they lock
locking her up so many these people
around Donald Trump in his campaign are
going to jail and but so they talk about
the mob because they need and there's
something to scare people with well the
mob they have to worry about are the
mobs of Democrats who went to the post
or in the primaries and who looked like
they're going to be coming out in the
general election that's the mob that I
think Trump and Fox need to worry about
yeah but you know let me go to
Christopher before we go to the break
here but that's what they said about the
tea party didn't they saw the - when you
saw that - when you saw the tea pot wood
when you saw the tea party gathering and
being upset about the policies of Barack
Obama and what was happening in
Washington we heard about how awful the
tea party was and how it was a mob and
now we have actual mobs out there
banging on the doors of the Supreme
Court throwing things at people
attacking people we're seeing violence
and we're not supposed to call it a mob
it's pure gaslighting bianna
about what it is it's ugly it's
absolutely ugly and you shouldn't be
trying to beat you up in the art to it
and you turn Titus I I gotta go to I
gotta go to a hard break here after our
short break we'll continue our
discussion on whether the mob rules stay
with Artie
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter the belt
remind you were discussing whether the
mob rules
let's go back to Rena in May and watch
it and one of the things that's come out
from the soul Cavanagh spectacle I would
call it because it was pure theater and
it was really quite disgusting and I
think you know I can I can agree for a
variety of reasons why it was disgusting
I'm affair about that there but you know
how are the how are the American people
supposed to accept this because it seems
like it's you know not just chaos in one
side but if the entire political
processes here I know Richard for
example has been very critical of the
Electoral College that's a fair point
but it's part of our system that's what
we have right now can't we have a normal
conversation like wow it's kind of a two
hundred years ago and the country was
very different and maybe we should
update our institutions here I'm not
saying it should be done because if it
weren't then you just have these
acapella goes blue a cappella goes on
the west coast and the East Coast and
they'd run the country that's not the
whole country but I'm open to a
discussion but we don't hear that go
ahead well the middle of the country is
why I think we have Donald Trump
entirely is because there were mistakes
made by the Clinton campaign and sort of
discarding those states the flyover
States right and and when you discard
and dismiss as exactly some of America
you you just don't understand you don't
understand what it's gonna take to
really bridge us and bring us together
so what I'm gonna say about this is that
yeah this moment is tough for all of us
I think especially as a woman in 2018 I
just I I was a very young girl during
Anita Hill and Clarence Thomas but I
thought we were better than that I would
thought we were better than talking
about this stuff in a public forum and
having people really just lay into
people for for what they're feeling
because we talk about feelings a lot and
and being careful about you know
respecting each other's feelings in a
modern democracy what we saw was just
completely disgusting on both sides I
had mentioned what I saw from Democrats
performing what I thought was just art
in motion but look Republicans were also
at fault Lindsey Graham that the tone he
took and and for me I supported judge
Cavanaugh until I saw him appear before
the Senate Judiciary Committee after dr.
Ford I thought his I questioned his
temperament when he said what goes
around
comes around that really scared me no
justice and at least the ones court in
the land we shouldn't talk like that
that's what's so fascinating about this
because I thought Cavanaugh's
presentation was spot-on some of the
great ones some of the greatest public
speaking in my lifetime
a man defended his good name I thought
it was remarkable let me go to Richard
here Richard a lot of people no no
that's okay I don't want to talk about
the Calvin I think the whole thing
because I I have a real question for you
and I think a good one okay I mean
you've been on this program critical of
the electoral college we have some
Democrats leading Democrats questioning
the legitimacy of the Supreme Court
right now a lot of people on the
conservative side would say this is what
you liberals do you want to break down
and destroy institutions you can't
control okay how do you react to that
so the last two Republican presidents
both of whom got fewer votes and Donald
Trump's case way fewer votes than their
competitors are responsible for four of
the nine justices on the Supreme Court
did they win the electoral college they
did I will stipulate that can it be is
it fair to say the American public voted
for Donald Trump to do X no because most
people voted either for Hillary Clinton
or Jill Stein who was even more liberal
or a lot of them voted for Gary Johnson
who agreed with Clinton Stein so I would
say way more than half the other people
voted for policy is quite the opposite
of Donald Trump so it is you know are we
voter amending you know to have a
constitutional amendment to change the
electoral college no why because right
now 17% of the US public represented in
the Senate by these small states can
basically get judges confirmed yet they
make up 51 of the senators okay and but
they would also need them to get an
exchange intellectual college it's just
not going to happen so Democrats aren't
braying at the moon to change the
Electoral College they would like to see
more people votes counting as opposed to
fewer but the reality is what it is did
Hillary ignore certain states and Miss
kind of campaign of course she made
mistakes
did the Russians and Komi voter
suppression all that help no that didn't
help her either okay
all right we're still waiting for that
big report okay anyway Christopher again
I mean Richard comes on this program
very often and I consider him a friend
okay so I'm not dismissive of him but
you know again you know it's like the
Liberals moving the gold coast doesn't
matter okay
that's the rule 270 you win okay
nothing else matters here so again you
know this perception if you don't like
the institution how it works it doesn't
work for you because you want power
you're dismissive of it don't you want
to change it or get rid of it
go ahead Rick Christopher well and by
the way that's what that's what we've
seen from Democrats and first off
Donald Trump won 7 of the 10 largest
states in the country so this idea that
he only won because of West Virginia and
Kansas is ridiculous secondly we've
heard them say that the electoral
college is is flawed we need to do away
the electoral college it's not fair it's
not fair how the Senate works we should
have more proportional representation
it's not fair the way the Supreme Court
is currently win by the rules that we've
all agreed to play by for the last
couple of hundred years
it's simply absolutely ridiculous to me
here the Democrats come up with excuse
after excuse after excuse after excuse
about how fundamentally the problem
isn't them or their candidates the
problem is our institutions I think that
is fundamentally wrong you know it's a
recent poll show go ahead that's the
point of the program jump in go ahead
you know I just have something something
constructive to talk about and I
certainly don't mean to sound ageist or
it all sexist but I mean there is a
problem with women being represented in
our federal government especially when
we are comprising more than half of the
US population so I've been working on a
lot of things to get just more women on
across the political spectrum involved
in u.s. politics at all levels because I
think more women will lead to a stronger
democracy but something constructive we
could do when I was sitting here
watching all this in the US Senate and I
just thought to myself we need term
limits I mean a lot of these people are
so out of touch and and just not with it
they don't either they're not using
technology the way that most Americans
do they've been comfy and their jobs for
a very long time so a lot of the they're
not willing to take risks a lot of the
decisions you make are rooted in and can
I cut back or not but to be fair
but to be fair these people are elected
if you like them Earl uh-uh not people
do okay Shan and I think that will
slowly but surely happen do you two
maybe a on a slightly different point I
remember when Facebook was tested
testifying in front of Congress most of
the Congress didn't even understand how
Facebook worth it so I get your point
and not being up oh why I had a thousand
questions okay but we're rapidly running
into Richard Richard here and going
towards the midterms
it looks like the Democrats are gonna
just double down on everything they've
done since 2016 is that wise is that
winnable go ahead well I would say every
pundit and I take myself out of that in
Washington just look at the polls
district-by-district the democrats look
like they're likely to win control the
House of Representative incidentally
something that would have been
impossible and Hillary Clinton won we
wouldn't be talking about the Democrats
flipping the house the question would be
can the Republicans get 60 votes in the
Senate now looks like they may be kind
of in a struggle to kind of hold their
own I think what Democrats are going to
talk about is not impeaching Trump not
impeaching Kavanagh but about health
care and whether people with
pre-existing conditions will or won't
get coverage Donald Trump would have the
answer be no they're gonna talk about
corruption and more importantly a check
on Donald Trump that's not about how
horrible he is in mocking the
handicapped people or women it's the
fact that they see him engaging in ways
that they want somebody in Washington
looking over his shoulder and right now
there's not well so that's I think why
Democrats are gonna win control the
house okay Christopher weigh in on that
because there does seem to be an
indication again I I'm holding my breath
because the polls got it all wrong in
2016 so who knows what's going to happen
here but there seems to be the
Republican base is seems to be coming
out of its slumber okay it's getting a
little bit more energized the Cavanaugh
thing certainly energized a lot of
people for me personally it was one of
the most horrific thing public
spectacles I've ever seen in my life I
could not believe my eyes it was so
horrific ly horrible in so many
different ways
Kristopher yeah I would say one thing if
this election were upheld in July
Democrats would have picked up 60 to 70
seats in the House it would been a
complete and total wipe out the
Democrats can't get any more juice out
of that lemon essentially their voters
were as motivated today as they could
possibly leave the cabinet hearings were
a complete and total political Mis play
by Democrats
I talked to campaigns all across the
country Republicans are seeing a surge
in enthusiasm they're seeing motivated
Republicans something that by the way
not many Republican voters have been
motivated more on that some phenoxy more
emotive motivated Republicans right now
yeah absolutely like yeah I was gonna
say look Republican voters are motivated
by Trump and Trump space is not
motivated to go out and elect a whole
lot of Republicans in the House and the
Senate who quite frankly haven't done a
good job of pushing the president's
America very good gentlemen the
Cavanaugh hearings motivated and
mobilized as people I'm telling you I'm
seeing it all across the country from
campaigns I'm talking to where they are
getting inundated with volunteers people
who've been sitting on the sidelines who
are finally stepping up and see what is
really at stake in this election and I
will tell you this much if the Democrats
win back to the house in November you
can guarantee Donald Trump gets
reelected in 2020 it is the absolute
best thing for the president's
reelection is a speaker Pelosi you know
that's a venture to go ahead and thought
about that go ahead watch me go see you
last minute go see come on he really
wants that Donald Trump wants Democrat
take over the house so he can blame it
on a Pelosi okay
let's be honest and I just want to lay
it out here Donald Trump is not a
Republican Donald J Trump Republican
it's for himself and what has happened
is that Americans across the country
felt the energy I remember driving in
2016 and getting nervous when I was
working against the president and again
I'm a lifelong Republican when I saw
handmade signs in southwestern Virginia
I mean these were not signs distributed
by the campaign from New York these were
signs that were painted by supporters I
mean this is this was a movement and I
think now America is grappling with like
what do we do with this guy that is
shaking things up in such a way that
it's scary to those of us who really
care about institutions and
freedom of the press and other such
things that's he seems to sometimes
endanger but he's not all bad and I I
don't know that we can ever get to that
moment where the left can even
acknowledge some good that he's done
because we're just so divided so here we
are in a moment where we're gonna see
what happens with the midterms but one
thing exactly the youth votes gonna come
through Peter will see it the midterms
many thanks and I guess in Washington
and thanks to our viewers for watching
us here darky see you next time and
remember Rostock rules
