Israeli Prime Minister's expected in
Germany later today if anywhere
Netanyahu's on a three-day trip to
Europe to drum up support for amendments
to the around nuclear deal you may find
it hard going though European
signatories to the agreement are
determined to see it rescued after the
u.s. withdrew vote only for Europe to
meet three key leaders Angela Merkel
Emmanuel macron and treasom a and I'll
reiterate an unyielding truth Israel
will not lesser on obtain nuclear arms
the decision of the US administration to
withdraw from the deal there diminishes
confidence in the international order
what do we want to be vessels that would
obeyed blindly to what Americans to tell
them we are insisting so much in keeping
this agreement and we want to have
economic relations with Iran to make
sure that the nuclear agreement is
preserved Trump has lost the battle no
one followed his decision and now we
have to make good on fulfilling our
obligation America abandoned that
hard-won deal with Iran in May the
agreement curved arounds nuclear program
in exchange for lifting sanctions it was
signed off by France Germany and Britain
Maggi Boutros head of the political
sciences wing at Elvin University in
Cairo believes that those three won't
break and the us-israeli pressure
anytime soon either Netanyahu is playing
a show in the European partners with his
European partners to abandon the deal
but I am in doubt that he can be
successful in this endeavor his European
counterparts mainly Germany France and
the UK have expressed their clear
political position that they are not
abandoning it I believe that the
national interests of those three
countries that they want to secure
strategic relations with Iran and
not sacrificing it for the sake of the
US or Israel
