I'm action Ratan team we're going
underground as after this week's
top-level Russian Korean meetings in
Pyongyang pentacle boss mad dog mattes
today goes to Singapore ahead of
president Trump's on or off nuclear
talks coming up in the show persistence
of vision filmmaker whistleblower actor
and activist Rose McGowan exposes the
Hollywood propaganda model and tells us
why not to trust a man in a $3,000 suit
we speak to her about her manifesto
brave demystifying a multi-billion
dollar system that seeps into the
consciousness of billions all around the
world all this and more coming up in
today's going underground at first those
fighting NATO nation neoliberalism were
to be on the streets of Rome today to
protest what they see is the death of
democracy in Europe the electorally
successful 5 star movement let alone its
far-right allies just didn't won to de
facto EU appointed IMF man to be Prime
Minister nor in other words what's
happened in Europe in the past 10 or 20
years is just astonishing I mean even
The Wall Street Journal is astonished
they pointed out recently in an article
that which is correct that in Europe no
matter what government is elected you
know far left far right anything else
they follow exactly the same policies
nigel farage
saw that and so from the left did the
mentor of UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn
in Europe all the key positions are
appointed not elected the Commission for
example all appointed not one of them
elected and the way that Europe was
developed is that the bankers and the
multinational corporations have got very
powerful positions and if you come in on
their terms they will tell you what you
can and cannot do and though he is
unacceptable ideas that were today
supposed to be given voice on the
streets of the Eternal City of Italy
which will be the third largest economy
in the EU after
it has long been targeted for not being
in line with Washington in 1990 the EU
Parliament debated nature collaboration
with armed groups to defy democracy as
former FBI consultant Paul Williams told
Sean stone son of film director Oliver
about Operation Gladio on artis watching
the Hawks during Larry or won the years
of lead in Italy when there were these
horrific bombings
even the Polonia bombing positive
Fantana they were all done by really the
stay behind units at Gladio units
spurred on by the CIA
well if destabilization of Italy is open
to the debate no one need debate how a
particular Italian American actress
destabilized the arguable propaganda arm
of the US military industrial complex
Hollywood her name is Rose McGowan and
she's been in the news for bringing down
powerful men like Harvey Weinstein
currently on bail after being indicted
by a grand jury for sex crimes that he
denies roses appeared in scores of TV
and feature films a directorial debut
Dawn was nominated for the Grand Jury
Prize at Sundance and latest work his
brave tracing her journey from the
children of God cult in southern Italy
to becoming a movie star she joins me
now
Rose welcome to going underground so why
do you think many people believe this
part autobiography part manifesto about
Hollywood or the journey towards
Hollywood as well as only what is so
rare I think it's so rare because people
don't talk back to Hollywood people
don't break rank and they don't tell
secrets even though this is definitely
not a tell-all and like I say it's a
tell it how it is people don't really do
that either
is that because of the powerful interest
stopping anyone from hiding the what's
beneath it I think it is the powerful
interest I think it's just because it's
how it's always been done you know how
we call things you know the best boy for
a job right like we have the same names
we have the same schedule that they did
from when they started Hollywood don't
deviate it just stays the same because
it's these are the unwritten rules but
you know I don't really believe in
unwritten rules I don't I don't see the
point and I I don't see the point and
not
saying it like it is we've had
informations of the horror a new name
check one very famous actress Frances
Farmer why pick on farmers some I mean
apart from the fact that electroshock
therapy is actually used later in the in
the narrative what's the importance of
Francis father Francis farmer was as a
classic Hollywood actress and she did
very few films she was doing very well
and the Hollywood powers-that-be
wanted her to continue being famous she
did not want to be she didn't want to be
an actress she didn't want that life for
herself and the studio had in collusion
with her mother had her kidnap and given
electroshock therapy to force her to
want to be famous and instead as I say
in the book it left her just a husk of a
woman and that is kind of I wrote that
because it's kind of the message you get
as a woman they're just they would love
to be able to do that to me I'm sure of
it it's it's just don't get out of line
little girl don't get out of line I mean
how much shock was it you explained some
is quite funny actually some shock was
the United States I mean you'd given
that you'd left the cult in Italy and
you arrived in the United States how
much culturally wasn't I don't know that
I've ever gotten over being shocked by
America I am to tell you the truth on a
daily basis it's quite shocking it is an
incredibly beautiful land but it was
very traumatic and I did have a big
quibble with orange cheese and not
understand it having never seen it
before and to me it was just a perfect
metaphor for I mean imagine going to the
food there in the 80s in America was
going from Italian food and Tuscany to
that was and just everything was
different was loud it was it was it was
everything you think you cried over the
Denny's spaghetti I I cried over eating
spaghetti a fast food restaurant I
thought this is it I'm stuck and when it
comes to the classism I don't know
whether that's the word to use when food
stamps are involved at school people
ashamed people are ashamed for that and
it was interesting going back and forth
between my father who at the time did
have
some money - then my mother who was
putting yourself back to the University
so we were on a very lean budget and it
is it it likes to pretend it doesn't
have that class structure that it got
free of it but that's who we were formed
by you know America anyway and it's not
free of it and how exactly I think it
manifests in different ways that
manifests everywhere just from if you're
poor you go to the drugstore or the
chemist to get your face cream instead
of you know the in the UK it would be
Selfridges for the fancy people but it's
the same people behind say L'Oreal
making both products or you know they
follow you in places if they don't feel
like you're quite right for it or they
it's just all the examples of it the
subtleties the if you go into a Walmart
there which is you know store by and
large it's a very cheap clothing you
know days to and I think they've just
sold it a big tent market here but it
was interesting I went into one recently
and all the clothing marketed towards
people of a certain means we're all
fluorescent and then I thought you're
not going to go into a store on you know
Rodeo Drive with all these florists it
was like so we can easily identify the
poor people there's a lot of psychology
that goes into the stuff and I I had a
lot of time I supposed to think about it
and your choice of rebellion like so
many other children all around the world
was the only way that many of them have
music and fashion music and fashion and
just I didn't I was very okay with being
different
I was very okay with looking differently
and I was okay with putting out the
message of I am I guess I'm not like you
and it wasn't they just knew that
inherently they instinctively you know
when you're from somewhere else they
love making you feel like you're the
Freak and I just thought but it's not me
that's what it's the country of
immigration in the book you say you hear
the teacher saying when trying to teach
you the Pledge of Allegiance
it might get the Communists out of you
and then you say she was like Italians
were fascists
they didn't even get that no no
historical understanding no not really
no and and the books were really wrong
and the books that they taught with and
they still do I didn't put this in the
book or it got cut but I was very
influenced by Malcolm X when I was 11
which I noticed your average 11 year old
reading material but I was reading the
autobiography of malcolm x and he said
something that really stuck with me at
that time when i had come to America and
he said why would you let your enemies
teach your children and that just kind
of really stuck with me in terms of
realizing I didn't want their
information in my head I didn't want the
propaganda in my head I'll take what I
want and leave the rest there was a
powerful influence it was credibly well
Malcolm X know I'm known for by any
means necessary some that kind of power
in any kind of move for justice
influency right influenced me incredibly
they I mean this is the story the
autobiographical part of the story quite
bizarre the story where not being a drug
drug addict you end up in rehab you just
told me about that that mean stepdad no
really at the end of the day but you're
talking about drugs that rehab it--i'll
earned a lot about drugs at rehab I
learned about what they do how much the
street value was what they look like
where the best areas are to procure them
and I thought it was the most bizarre
form of teaching I mean obviously they
wanted repeat customers in this
particular rehabilitation center so I
chose to leave it because drugs rife in
in Hollywood as well and what one was
saying one would say they're rife pretty
much everywhere but in Hollywood I'm
sure yes and the meanness you saw in the
streets after that when you're homeless
and so on you say in terms of meanness
it was worse amongst the $3,000 suits
far worse there was a lot more kindness
on the street there was a lot more
kindness shown and that is something you
kind of fall into a band of people quite
quickly and I I really I think
fundamentally there came from people
that did tell the truth and so I just
naively assumed people were telling me
the truth
once I got to Hollywood I couldn't
understand why they would lie I would
think about it I think they can't be
lying because what would be the motive
the motive is simply to lie apparently
and this is the studio executive system
which what it didn't change since the
1930s earlier I mean earlier than that
it hasn't changed and the it's the same
amount of directors and the Directors
Guild of America I talked about that in
the book you know and that's those are
all the directors that are making the
the product that you see that goes into
your mind and worldwide and that
statistic that 96% males in that DGA a
Directors Guild that hasn't changed
since 1946 why is it being so able to
prevent anyone from storming the
barricades
well cults are very good at that aren't
there and supported by a media as well
what specifically with me the role the
media's is very much and has always been
you know hand-in-hand with Hollywood and
the government's completely hands-off
obviously this government is not going
to be doing anything about it but the
government's always been pretty much
hands-off except for the blacklisting
era after that stopped the original
blacklisting you know the joseph
mccarthy in the 50s it was COINTELPRO
with somewhere in between right yeah but
it was the block listing for me in media
the way I can speak about how media
treated me was that they were in fact
paid off and it's been proven - she
dragged me to say bad things about me
for the last 20 years really do you
think you were just I mean in the story
it is read reads as until until the end
the powerful ending I mean you you had
this one mentor Brett canter chrysalis
records just described his story in why
he was one one light in your life he was
a light
Brett Kanter was somebody who helped me
out of a bad situation
and I saw a hope for the future and then
he was murdered still unsolved and that
was there's a point where I mean I say
it in the book your earmarks are weird
sometimes and I look at that like the
ultimate theft
and he was stolen and that was a really
was a seminal moment in my life and also
it's just it was really dark obviously
you know and that was a dark that was a
dark dark time and where things kind of
went black for a while but like anything
you survived it because there's no
choice not everyone does rez I'll stop
you there more from Rose McGowan after
the break they'll come back I'm still
here with actor director and activist
Rose McGowan another theme throughout
the book is the need for conformity not
just in ideas but with the way one
actually looks the surface just tell me
a bit about that hair hair color and
hair length particularly well something
I found really interesting and that had
to do with you know by a female agent in
Hollywood talent agent directly telling
me that I had to have long hair
otherwise the men in Hollywood wouldn't
want to she said it in nastier terms but
sleep with me and if they didn't want to
sleep with me they wouldn't hire me and
the thing is I knew she was right
nothing to do with the script writers
nothing to do with the plot lines
nothing but it is again that conformity
and I think we've all seen that that
hairdo with the three the blow-dry that
with the three twirls on the end it's
like kind of classic Hollywood hair you
know and I do wonder when that look will
stop it is I kind of took matters into
my own hands
if you up and and kind of I I do I talk
about it in the book I just I broke up
with the world in a way the idea the
preconceived notion of what you're
supposed to look like as a woman is the
Jean Seberg look which Jolie could are
the core meanest film director me
funnily enough and you still believe
that this is continuing today actors in
Hollywood if they're female have to
conform to that there is very little
leeway especially for anyone starting
out well that's the whole thing there's
a lot of leeway
there's so much leeway but they don't
know that they're trained out of
thinking there's any leeway this is how
it's been done that's how it's always
been done this is how we should do it
and I just think it's not even a good
system they're not even great
businessmen they could be making so much
more money it's not even if you continue
to take what's special about people and
massage it away until they're just an
automaton until they no longer know who
they are what they are then what are you
selling you're selling what you think
someone should be and that person behind
the scenes might not be somebody you
want in your head so it's not even
capitalism it's the fact they themselves
are in a cult but internationally
billions of people are influenced by
that's the thing and people say you know
do you hate Hollywood but I hate that it
goes out to the world I hate that that
thought doesn't stay local you know and
there's there's obviously been seminal
amazing films and cinema and all these
things and it has done some good but I
think overall I think on the balance
it's a whole lot of harm and obviously
in the in the newspapers across the
media we know about certain studio
directors you just mentioned an agent
but what is exactly the role of a
Hollywood publicist people might have
know Burt Lancaster in the sweet smell
of success what did they do and
influence the billions of people in what
they then may want to emulate aspire to
and see in people well it's usually
somebody a publicist is meant to get you
press or media or work usually with
other higher-ups to sell you to make you
palatable and a lot of these people have
just seen movies where they see
publicists in the movies acting a
certain way so they come and they act
that way because they think that's how
they're supposed to be so it's just kind
of like this on and on like people in
Hollywood have seen movies about people
in Hollywood so they continue to behave
that way even though there's no reason
to not just be a person there's no
reason to not be free but the threat is
you'll be dropped if you don't take
their orders
it's not a threat they do it they do it
you don't want to get any reputation
it's worse than you know a high school
girl sleeping with the boys it's like
you don't want a reputation whatever you
don't want a reputation so you do
everything you can to not step out of
line and and that eventually just again
it strips what's special about you away
I mean in fact some journalists who try
to interview some stars because the
publicists are in there pretty quickly
to stop cert questions particularly ones
in politics I should say on issues of
war and peace
I don't know Israel Gaza I know you've
been is that why all the views are so
boring yeah tell me you know that that
control they don't want even stars don't
have an opinion do not have an opinion
no matter what you know do not have an
opinion and and I why not we're soft but
you get the people on Twitter will say
shut up and act or shut up and sings
shut up and dance and I would say no we
are people too and I think the more that
people in front of the camera really
understand that they have a voice also
and people often get quite jealous of
those that have a platform without
realizing they worked very hard for that
platform I worked very hard to hang on
and be sitting here today I worked very
hard at them why some actors might have
no thoughts on the matter some might
have thoughts
they're very infantilized and you get
used to being coddled and told what to
do where to sit how to look what to be I
don't cut into that kind of direction if
you will clearly
how big does one have to be before one
gets the freedom natalie portman
recently said she was supporting gaza
robert redford has always been a big
name and always talked about the
military-industrial complex warren
beatty do you have to be really susan
sarandon every that big to really have
any kind of freedom or even they have
strictures well I mean I'm sure that the
men get a lot more leeway susan sarandon
I think by Hollywood standards was kind
of branded you know kind of kooky that's
what they like to do if you have a
personality or you have a specific point
of view you're a kook or you're kind of
unhinged when it's okayed it just be a
person and have have a point of view it
doesn't have to be anybody else's but it
can be yours and I think if you're young
and you're up-and-coming and you're
making noise about Gaza oh people over
you will get very nervous because then
you're gonna get put in celebrity
timeout put you in the corner I think
it's so absurd there's no magazine
celebrity talking about no I mean I mean
you get you're like a little kid you get
your face in the corner until you get
better it's it's the proverbial timeout
it's it's it's quite asinine tell you
the truth some fans of to people who you
mentioned in the book if you if we get
away from the romance level of things
maybe disappointed to know that Robert
Rodriguez Quentin Tarantino seen as
independent filmmakers not that much
difference really to the corporate
filmmakers no no there there are men
with power and in fact I would think the
corporate ones might have more oversight
but their Oversight Committee was Harvey
Weinstein - which of course the
the powerful will say well justice was
eventually served so people often have
to just wait quietly no they had a hand
in it
Quentin even said they all knew he knew
he knew about me he said it in an
interview you know they the complicity
machine is huge there we're talking
about an industrial complex
it's one of complicity and it's one of
continually protecting people that
aren't even that great in the first
place they're not just clean out the
crap so great things can come just cut
off the head the rot and let other
things flourish because we know it's all
there we've all worked in those places
where it would be so great if it weren't
for that one person get rid of that one
person the attitude comes from the top
down and the attitude of permissiveness
imagine if your boss is a known rapist
what do you get to get away with pretty
much everything right it's just
something of the Malcolm X in this
targeting of the top because obviously
you talk about Hollywood functioning as
propaganda the billions of people are
going see movies when you were promoting
them on that level people arguably feel
that they can't do as much but it is at
the top that things have to change yes
it is at the top
fundamentally biting ankles of power
does not work I wanted to show people
that you could go for the head but of
course some people saying that they're
there quite a few people still still
there
oh there definitely are for legal
reasons we got many many people I mean
how would you see how the law serves
them as well in terms of media being
able to cover stories like this well I
mean if you look at Harvey Weinstein got
to turn himself in on a Friday afternoon
to be arrested on a long weekend that
means his story won't be running all
week in the news it'll already be old
news by the time the next week rolls
around after the bank holiday you know
that's all orchestrated it's all
orchestrated
in the media by not covering it in the
week following necessarily falls into
that too we cannot acquit says the
police acted like a senior promotional
system of staggering events in his case
he has people high up on his side which
is a sad side to be on and do you see it
is symptomatic of this propaganda the
people you seem to preempt the criticism
in the book towards the end saying
people will think I should I Oh
Hollywood rather than Hollywood owes me
for what elements of it has done to me
oh yeah I think I get a say too you know
I don't Oh Hollywood anything no why I
don't see many people that do you know
people like me the ones that were
marketed as sex symbols they don't and I
talked about this in the book they don't
generally get out of there alive or
they're kind of driven crazy and live
off in the desert somewhere they don't
come out the other side it's very hard
to come out the other side you know an
interviewer asked me if I was persona
non grata in Hollywood and I said no
that persona non-grata was me I get a
say I get a say - I can't and in terms
of trying to change things you talk
about emailing tweeting social media
could see what boycotting isn't though
ultimately it is to do with mass action
and I suppose that the me to move was an
agreement whether it be through I don't
know trade unions they've been on the
decline in the United States is that the
way forward because presumably even you
think this is just one success
you haven't been totally successful well
I think it has changed a lot I've heard
of that there reshooting a scene right
now on something I know about a project
that I've heard of where it was too
sexualized a rape so they're taking it
out entirely people are they are
starting to see things with different
lenses it's whether they fully
understand it or not you know who knows
but they understand that it's bad and
that's a start you know I was sent to
script a while ago and every single time
the female character appeared she had a
laundry basket
for no apparent reason she never did the
laundry she just liked her laundry
basket it's that kind of stuff I want
people to start seeing these movies and
and the television and picking apart
what they're telling you pick apart like
what message are you sending me with
this female character with this male
character with the toxic masculinity he
says not just about how women are
represented it's men and of course if
it's men running something they're going
to be deifying the men but in a way that
I think puts a trap on a lot of men and
also I feel like little boys you see it
so young with them when they get to oh
you're so brave you didn't cry my heart
breaks for them cry it hurt you'll be
done in a minute it's cool you're okay
but people are so quick to stick you in
the box aren't they and that kills me
people think they do everything for
women I think I'm more of a humanist no
I want us to get out of these rigid
structures because they're killing us I
mean if you look at the state of the
world I think arguably you could say
it's having some troubles toxic
masculinity can only bring you so far
and then it will cave in on itself
but I think it I hope it caves into
freedom for everybody because I want
everybody to be out of these rigid
structures or in because they're just
not necessary you know I've been lucky
enough in a lot of ways to live a fairly
free life even while in different cults
at least a life of the mind and I got
mine back it was close but I kept I kept
a hold of mine
I got bent but I didn't break and I see
that so many men I see them like kind of
not knowing or being taught how to
process things or or just and that
there's so much you know violence
towards women and it stems from that it
stems from this idea of ownership for
one thing of women and the other part I
think is not being able to process
emotion I mean there are people that are
sociopaths and sick there's just that
but what about the others you know what
I mean and
and that's where like I know it sounds
really weird but my heart almost breaks
more for the men rose mcgowan thank you
and that's it for the show we'll be back
on Monday keep in touch with us by
social media till then we'll see you on
Monday 46 years to the day of the
acquittal on charges of murder
kidnapping and conspiracy of the
American Communist Angela Davis now the
activist professor Angela Davis at the
University of California
