the US has announced it will slap the EU
with tariffs on aluminium and steel
imports with the measures coming into
effect on Friday Canada a Mexico will
also be hit Donald Trump first announced
the global tariffs back in March but in
a concession to allies including the EU
certain exemptions were granted although
they've now been removed so let's get
the latest from Earth's America and she
joins us from Washington good evening
Sameera has there been much reaction
then to this decision by Donald Trump
well the secretary for commerce and
nounce the tariffs after meeting with
the French finance minister and the
tariffs reportedly threatened a billions
worth of European exports to the US the
EU is understandably outraged and they
called it a horrible date for trade
let's take a look it is a bad day for
world trade it is totally unacceptable
that a country is imposing unilateral
measures when it comes to world trade as
for the measures Brussels has previously
promised to retaliate with 25 percent
tariffs on US products like motorcycles
jeans cigarettes a cranberry juice and
peanut butter let's take a quick look so
now we will also impose import tariffs
this is basically a stupid process the
fact that we have to do this but we have
to do it we will now impose tariffs on
motorcycles
harley-davidson on blue jeans Levi's on
Bourbon we can also do stupid we also
have to be this stupid now the secretary
for commerce has downplayed the tariffs
so it seems like it won't really affect
us
EU relations but we'll just have to see
what happens and if the EU decides to
retaliate okay Sameera thanks for the
update that was Samira Khan for us in
Washington
you
