hi hi Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report yes you're in the right place for
the right reasons today see actually
we're in scams Ville I'm gonna talk some
headlines about scams Ville that is the
great crony capitalist predator economy
of America
everything is predatory Lee priced and
that's what they strive for because
that's what the number one investor in
America Warren Buffett aims for he
invests in companies that have predatory
pricing power he himself has said that
in his newsletters she's told people
that's how I look at things that's how I
invest is anybody who has predatory
pricing so first we'll look at a
headline looking at the end result of
this and that is consumer debt is set to
hit four trillion dollars by the end of
2018 Americans are in a borrowing mood
and their total tab for consumer debt
could reach a record four trillion
dollars by the end of 2018 that's
according to Lending Tree alone
comparison website which analyzed data
from the Federal Reserve on non mortgage
debts including credit cards and auto
personal and student loans Americans owe
more than 26 percent of their annual
income to this debt that's up from 22
percent in 2010 it's also higher than
debt levels during the mid-2000s when
credit availability soared 26 percent of
income goes to servicing debt these non
mortgage debts non mortgage debt yes and
it's up from 22% in 2010 and I'll say
that is before Obamacare came in and
that's before all the student loan debt
took over that was after the financial
crisis the ordinary person who was not
Warren Buffett who was not Jamie Dimon
who's not Lloyd Blankfein the ordinary
person the only debt they could access
was from the government and student
loans in the form of student loans there
were also no jobs going around so you
might as well go and get reeducate and
learn a new skill and go back to
university so a lot of people went
everybody went that's been degraded by
the way there are all sorts of big names
now telling you that it's not actually
worth a college degree is no longer
worth the debt lowered anymore but
nevertheless people can access that debt
and then continue to feed themselves and
house themselves using their student
loans for the last few years well now
they have
huge pile of debt right and that's what
interest rates at historic lows you know
the yield curve starts at zero and it it
extends on the zero line for a few years
and then not until you get to the 15 to
20 year does it start to kick up and
then you get into what we call interest
rate apartheid if you're on a student
loan or a credit card loan and it goes
like hockey sticks up to the teens and
the 20 percentile and it's amazing that
this was allowed to kind of propagate in
the economy clearly an example of in a
trenched crony capitalist class like the
warren buffett's completely
disintermediated disengaging the economy
as a whole the the entire population is
going to fall off the edge of the earth
again my god that keeps coming back the
earth is flat well I mean here's the
chart of the total credit outstanding as
a percentage of disposable personal
income and you see it's been climbing
since the 80s but it's important to note
that these Millennials and these people
gaining gathering up debts from student
loans that those student loans are non
dischargeable you can never discharge
them in bankruptcy it's very difficult
and your creditor is the US government
which can break your legs throw you in
prison take your Social Security checks
take your Medicaid take your Medicare
checks take all any money that you could
possibly any nickel somebody gives you
on the street they'll take it they'll
show up the government goon will show up
and take that nickel from you that
somebody throws your way well yeah I
mean that's exactly right it's not a
pretty picture is it you've got a
predatory capitalism being financed by
thugs otherwise known as the US
government which protects all of those
the likes of Jamie Dimon Lloyd Blankfein
and Warren Buffett who you're told
you just have to compete with them this
is a meritocracy you just have to
compete with them well in the meantime
Millennials born in 1980s may never
cover from the Great Recession partly
because they have all those student loan
debts which they can never discharge
they've got to keep on making payments
as soon as they earn above a certain
amount of income that you got to take
you got to pay it so it becomes
difficult to compete but also what
didn't happen to prior generations
generation acts baby boomers our
generations you know we didn't have the
she's insane student loans or you know
the tuition rates but we also didn't
have Obamacare and the basically the
government the goons acting on behalf of
these private corporations these private
so-called health insurance companies
well first a tweet from John Walker DC
it is really unappreciated how much the
ACA exchange says Obamacare was designed
as a marketplace for people paying full
cost and how it has turned into mostly a
very inefficient
welfare system with a few unlucky middle
class people are stuck with so I'll show
you there's a few charts this is going
to be a crazy story this is I love this
Obamacare story because we're victims of
it you and I have lived over in Europe
for twenty years we were able to pay
cash for much of our health care over at
the American Hospital in Paris it's a
you know it's a private institution you
can go there anybody could pay and in
twenty years there I paid as much as two
months of premiums here and premiums
don't get you health care actually you
still to pay for your medical here on
top of that but just we're gonna show
you charts to prove that Obamacare is a
disaster Oh Democrats won't say that
they won't run on that everybody knows
however it's a disaster especially those
unlucky few middle-class who don't
qualify for the free care so these are
states that expanded Medicaid in from
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 so you see that
they're uninsured rate collapse by half
because people got free care they got
Medicaid which is you get free care you
go to any doctor you get treated you get
an emergency room you get treated most
of those policies have no co-pays you
use just one hundred percent treated
here are the states that did not expand
Medicaid these are the you know the
dozen or so states that did not expand
Medicaid and you see they barely dented
Obamacare did not convince anybody to go
onto the exchanges and pay for these
huge expenses so in fact unless you got
the free care most people didn't go on
it the few
Arkan chumps like ourselves who are a
part of the scam ville we pay thousands
of dollars a month and don't get what's
a return right well I mean to get back
to the quote there so they make the
connection to welfare so in other words
the government has welfare and Medicaid
that they cover but Medicaid is in
America in case you don't know Medicaid
is basically an insurance policy paid
health insurance policy provided by the
taxpayer the US government pays your
medical care on their behalf however
there are that they do set prices for
MRIs or various procedures that you
might get Medicare is for the elderly
right so Medicaid is is provided by the
government to taxpayers yes to folks
that can't afford health care and I pay
taxes and the tax revenue that I pay
helps to fund the government's Medicaid
cost but because the government would
like to take the money I paying taxes
and bomb people defenseless people
overseas and spend trillions of dollars
they then come back and they tax me
again something called Obamacare they
taxed me again to provide the health
services that they say they're providing
for people who can't afford health care
now here's my one simple question
since the tens of thousands of dollars a
year we pay to offset the government's
inability to fulfill their requirement
why can't I write that off as a
charitable donation on my taxes it is a
charitable donation I'm donating twenty
two thousand dollars a year of charity
to people who can't afford health care
that's the way it's set up why can't I
write that off well let's look at what
United Health Group says the biggest
health insurance provider in America and
they haven't looked at all these
exchanges participated in the Obamacare
exchange in America if you're poor
enough you get free care you get
medicaid if you're poor enough in
certain states that expanded the level
so Medicaid you have to be under the
the old Medicaid you had to be under the
poverty level and it was very difficult
as a single guy you had to have children
you had to be a woman you had to have a
single be a single mother essentially to
get that free care and a lot of children
and a lot of elderly are on Medicaid as
well as Medicare then they expanded it
under Obamacare that states can raise
the level of income that would qualify
you above poverty level and guys could
single guys could then get Medicaid then
if you're still earning too much you
could still be subsidized so you go you
have to go onto the Obamacare exchange
and buy it's supposed to be a free
market many of the states only or your
areas the county you might live in all
might only have one possibly two health
insurance providers you have to go
through it try to figure out be a
competitive consumer drive these prices
and of course the prices just go up ten
twenty thirty percent a year
nevertheless it proves that that the
pricing power is all on one side the the
taxpayer continues to subsidize you
there so United Healthcare looks at this
and said United Health Group report says
that Medicaid costs 43 percent less than
exchanges thus saving money for
consumers a federal government public
exchange coverage is more costly and
less effective than Medicaid to them
first implemented in 2014 as a
cornerstone of the Affordable Care Act
public exchanges were envisioned as a
new health insurance marketplace for
millions of uninsured Americans could
shout for compare and purchase an
affordable stable health coverage the
new exchanges sought to provide
subsidized coverage to Americans who are
not eligible for Medicaid well in fact
according to United health and what they
look at it and yet taxpayers won't vote
for this because of socialism Medicaid
cost the government you the taxpayer 43%
less than forcing those people onto a
stupid exchange it costs you way more it
cost you thousands of dollars more per
year but because you're a fundamentalist
and say well that's capitalism that's
free market competition to force them
into some exchanges we only has one
health care provider but that's capital
well let me say something maybe mildly
controversial okay you know people are
looking because poverty rates are going
up in America mortality rates are are
increasing mortality rates are
increasing as allegedly more people are
getting health insurance life expectancy
is going down so America is in a huge
health crisis despite the unbelievable
amount of money being dumped into this
wasteland and I think that this is
contributing a lot toward an epidemic of
violence in America now I recently saw
some videos from a famous clinical
psychologist Jordan Peterson who likes
to point to the inability of young men
to pair off and have a fulfilling
relationship in this world as
contributing cells are called yes
they're good guys who can't
involuntarily so they they kill people
in my view I think this health crisis is
more it is to blame for the rise in
violence okay well we are end of empire
days and end of empire days see of bread
and circuses and I want to show another
chart that again this is provided by
United Health Group the largest health
insurance group in America and they're
the ones that saying do put people on
Medicaid because this is stupid to have
these exchanges because those public
exchanges were meant to according to the
CBO have 25 million people on them by
now but you're quoting facts in fact
they have 10 million people if you look
at this this is the health coverage in
the US 2017 employer-sponsored insurance
provides insurance for 174 million
Americans Medicaid 75 million Medicare
58 million and the public exchange 10
million and that I think that is like
the sort of you know the Coliseum the
the the gladiator sort of games is of
those 10 million 80 percent receive
subsidies from the taxpayers it's two
million people they're forced onto these
gory exchanges where they're getting
twenty thirty forty percent increases
annually and they have to fend for
themselves and it like provides
amusement to people like these in cells
who were angry
because they can't find a mate I think
there's a correlation there as I pointed
out but clearly the situation is leading
toward complete societal breakdown well
perhaps but nevertheless I'm just
showing you that this is scam ville and
what americans are gonna pay seven
hundred and four billion dollars for
this scam over the next decade
well i guess it's back to france well
perhaps you know at that's fact-based
and we don't live in a fact-based world
we live in a polarized emotion-based
crucible of nonsense conspiracy nonsense
well we got to take a break don't go
away
much more coming your way stay there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
max Kaiser time now to turn to Seth
Shapiro of Alpha networks
Seth welcome to the program Thank You
max big fan all right let's get right
into it you say the media business is
fundamentally broken how so and what are
you doing to fix it over there at alpha
networks if you think about the major
areas of the media business that we've
kind of grown up with for a while cable
made sense before the Internet you had
these hundreds of channels but at that
point there was no broadband so there
was nothing else there was no other game
in town so it kind of made economic
sense doesn't make sense anymore people
pay for hundreds of networks they watch
maybe a dozen of them YouTube seemed
like it would be a solution but as you
know like most content creators can't
make a living there 3% of youtubers make
above the poverty line so that's not
like you know a hothouse success as a
business model probably for most of them
and news is the same stories over and
over for an audience largely people what
is alpha networks so what we're doing is
we're building a Netflix like platform
powered by that's connected to a
blockchain and we're all about finding
new authentic voices and then finding
ways to take the audience's from some of
those people across pollinate them to
other audiences and build new new
content brands all right let me play the
role of Jimmy song for a moment okay
why blockchain what does that add to
your business because the the part of
the problem with traditional media is
you have these huge budgets for movies
and things that are kind of completely
based on projections but they somebody's
always disappointed so you have big
budgets for TV show and the talent makes
this massive amount of money and then if
it fails the studio is upset because
they spent all this money and it's a
loss if the talent hits it out of the
park then they feel like they got under
compensated so if you can actually
create a model where you're looking at
the actual consumption and pay people
for the views that they actually
generated that's kind of a I think a big
deal it's a it's as different in a way
from where we are now as cable was from
broadcast different economics you're
trying to help you're putting the
distributor and the talent on the same
side of the table because we both make
money as you're you become more
successful we both make more money right
so the ad revenues are distributed to
the consumer Brooks as well
is it to the right yes
alright so now there's competition in
this space for sure okay you're not the
first of the rodeo that's true along the
line of bloody bodies what
differentiates our works we're doing
this with a really sophisticated series
of API it's not to get too boring and
we're doing with Watson with IBM so
we're using all this tech that they've
been building for a long time to kind of
create more intelligent networks and
we're building from the ground up the
tech to do this so if you enter our
system your data is completely private
we don't know anything about that we
don't know that your max but we're
following everything that you watch more
constantly looking for patterns that are
emerging so for example kind of a crude
analogy is Brazil changed their TV laws
like 60 years ago and I was over there
and they were doing more kind of local
Brazilian content and less Western kind
of global content and it turned out
there was this interesting overlap
between Brazilian telenovela
and Korean soap operas so the two
countries had started talking about
formats and there was a sort of weird
completely non Hollywood exchange of
creative between Brazil and Korea and at
the time we kind of felt what we call to
develop more of that Brazil this show
they actually turn the sound down
because they perceived Max and Stacy as
a telenovela right right they could just
add their own voices they just said they
just fill in the gaps it doesn't matter
they can I couldn't record that and air
it because yeah so you were in Hollywood
for 20 years what did you do there
still app so I got to Hollywood from New
York from here about the time that the
web was starting and there was almost
nobody then who could code so I was
programmer and I'd been a prereq eek I'm
a geek what yeah shocking to look at me
yeah get that skill desperation I was a
music producer here at a record label
coming at NYU and I'll be - all right
good we're prior they were around the
same time yeah it was a good school I
think it's still around
yeah the NYU they're a real estate
property developer - that's right you're
out of the education but yeah that's a
much better business education -
horrible business all right so let's
move on to the meat - movement which is
taken down some of the most powerful men
in Hollywood of the past decade
Miramax was a huge player and they
produce like you know
a movie titles come out here and there
like 30 of them huge prestige
oscar-winning ok so they're gone
basically yeah does that change the
industry no I don't think so I mean
they're gonna be more people like that
there'll be more outings because it's
been kind of a dirty secret for a long
time but I don't know that it
fundamentally changes the industry I
hopefully it sensitizes people to the
fact that not everything is how it
appears but I my friend Alec Baldwin who
is trying to report me to the FBI last
year is doing a deal with a time of a
similar platform where they're raising
money via a blockchain and Abel triplets
cross a house like a three okay okay pp
par pop up here something like that okay
so are are the are the is talent open
managers and the agents the William
Morris is if you come to them and say
hey I've got a blockchain enabled
distribution platform that's gonna give
everyone a more equitable distribution
and all the success that's going on here
what's their view of things probably
they're they're they're kind of more
than ever in the private equity business
because the OLT business the taa and
Morris and those guys were in was
representing huge movie stars that got
you know north of 20 million dollar
deals that's a harder business now the
movie businesses and what it was or they
did TV packaging so now increasingly
they're trying to finance stuff and take
equity and other things right going out
so I think probably there will be more
of them trying to matchmake between tech
companies and and Tao cuz that's a
growing business
so alpha networks it's a platform yeah
like a Netflix but you create you do you
create content yeah we actually create
content with radical media was a major
production company here in New York and
in LA oh they do that David Letterman
thing they do they do they do the
Letterman Show they've got about four
shows on Netflix they do everybody from
Lady gaga to American access to access
the platform you know well we're
building it now but you'll access it on
the web on a browser or via an app same
way you would have access Netflix so
it's going to be an app i download the
web app and now i'm getting a slice of
the pie yes you are
yes okay as I said this is a bit of a
crowded
space and like okay let me ask you this
so here's it look maybe that bad guy
right all right okay Amazon it's got a
freaking huge platform yeah and they
they financed a ton of content every
year now right and so why couldn't they
put you guys out of business didn't
intermediate you guys by simply offering
a crypto coin well we owe those guys and
they're the shows that they're generally
gonna do we're going to be big budget
like licensing the old HBO back
catalogue for two billion are doing
original productions you pay to buy my
show I can't talk about that it would be
over for kids you know we only work here
for a vodka that's all we get let me
consult my attorney I think we can go
that's it we'll throw in we'll throw an
eggnog and mango I'm loving that
now Cable News viewer numbers are
soaring with 30 million dollar because
of the theater right because of the
spectacle of you know is Trump how did
Rachel Maddow go from being a reasonable
voice of the left to becoming an Alex
Jones like foaming rabid psychopath kind
of noticed that she used to be
relatively calm right now probably
because the other side's in power even a
good min over at the moksori now has
become a partisan hack yeah I think
because that wouldn't would you mind it
when I just you know pick pick fights
with my competition at the expense of
this Center a lot more no no please
conspiracy theories and okay so the
point is though that the consumer is
left a bit adrift because they are
tuning into cable news and their news is
it's all basically polemicists that's
right there's no debate we were talking
about William Buckley earlier and his
debate with gore Vidal during the 1968
presidential election that opened the
way toward an interesting debate format
in American William Buckley went on to
host firing line and other shows and
there was intelligent debate but then I
guess under Reagan they passed the
fairness and media law which opened the
way toward the
Limbaugh's who are just totally partisan
and you were not required by law to have
an opposing viewpoint right and so
you're in a veteran of this industry did
that what did that do it seems my point
being that it opened the way to this
hyper partisanship polemicist Fox News
drivel but what is your view well I
think you're exactly right so when you
want to figure out how an industry works
follow the money now you've got more and
more outlets that are preaching to the
converted telling people what they
already want to hear that are paid for
by brands that want to reach that
particular demo so in a lot of all right
what do you talk about these Hot Topic
issues political issues everyone knows
the wedge words and the buzz words and
there no one ever has a meaningful
insight into the debate anymore they
just know the words and they spew them
at you they vomit the words at you yeah
you mentioned Hillary Clinton del Del V
they'll still spit out depending on
their party affiliation a few words and
then if that doesn't work that you get
into a fight a brawl right like there's
no dialogue at all anymore in media in
the news even the New York Times as
always slightly you know bias but now
it's like a rip-roaring frickin
propaganda yeah yeah and TV used to kind
of be a little bit more open and more
theatrical like return about before I
like John Lennon hosted the Mike Douglas
show right back then you had people
mixing it up something like gorgeous
Joplin on Dick Cavett there you go right
exactly right you said you don't see
that type of thing no Tom Snyder with
the last of the great late-night
talk-show polymaths that's right now no
more of that Saturday Night Live and
we'll have about thirty seconds yeah
they seem to have ignored comedy you
really they're just going with
hyper-partisanship yes and bullying
right right right there's no there's no
giving it it's just the same banging on
the guy in the White House every week
right so you know there's no surprises
there it's just come back so alpha
networks as the platform it sounds like
you're entering a world of pain with
this project to tell you the truth I
mean you're competing with some
heavyweights in Hollywood they they take
people out in the stretcher
if you cut into Willie Morris's action
or whatever I mean this is a cutthroat
business Hollywood yeah of course I am
man
yes all right this is the one that's
gonna survive and win 27 bucks
oh I'm worth 27 bucks oh you know
they're shrewd that's right well thanks
for being on customer Thanks presented
by alpha networks oh hey that's gonna do
it for this edition of the kinds of
reforms pneumatic Kaiser and Stacy
Herbert want to thank our special guest
Seth Shapiro of Alpha networks if you
want to catch us on twitter it's Kaiser
report until next time bye Oh
