hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the American political soap opera widely
known as Russia gate appears to have no
end
well no evidence has been revealed that
Trump campaign colluded with Russia
there is mounting evidence the
intelligence community or should I say
to the deep State monitored or even
spied on Trump world should there be a
special investigation into the misdeeds
of the Department of Justice the FBI and
the CIA
cross knocking Spygate I'm joined by my
guest Christopher Neil I'm in Washington
he's a Republican strategist in New York
we have Charles or tell he is a private
investor in writer as well as host
podcast show Sunday with Charles and in
Los Angeles we crossed through a che
Goodman he has a column this journalist
published in The Huffington Post salon
the hill and other publications
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in
anytime you want and I always appreciate
a gentleman we're calling this program
Spygate and I have it in quotes okay cuz
I'm quoting the President of the United
States and that's what I want to delve
into here a che you all I always go to
the person that gets up early it's for
the program that's obviously you in Los
Angeles because I'm exactly on the other
side of the world of you right now we're
calling it spy gate but I was thinking
maybe a better title would be the Three
Stooges Brennan Comey and clapper I
think you know where I'm going go ahead
a che well one question I have to ask is
why is BuzzFeed suing the DNC for
evidence to corroborate the steel
dossier and why did the United States
government feel it was necessary to
spire to infiltrate Trump's campaign
using Stephane halper even before the
steel dossier the next question is what
crime is Trump said to have committed
they have investigated Trump without
even accusing him of a specific crime in
Watergate you had a break-in and a
cover-up you know what happened with
Bill Clinton with Hillary Clinton she
transferred top-secret intelligence onto
an a once unencrypted server there were
crimes and then cover-ups or
investigations based on those crimes
with Trump
there's no predicate crime there's no
crime that he's said to have committed
BuzzFeed is suing the DNC very likely
because there's no evidence to
corroborate the steal dossier which was
used by James Comey in the FBI to go
ahead and get a FISA warrant on Carter
page
they already wiretapped everyone within
Trump's campaign they already caught
Trump president truck then candidate
Trump in incidental communication they
even took one of his servers from Trump
Tower they found nothing there was no
evidence of anything
there's no evidence that anyone colluded
with Russia but molar probe trumpet fire
molar tomorrow and simply you know ahead
but a change you're making the point
here and let me go to Christopher in
Washington is that the deeper they go
into this the more we see that there is
collusion here but it's collusion within
the intelligence community and in a che
the facts man that's why I love them how
having them on the program the facts are
out there he just gave you a whole list
I mean I'm sure he could go much further
I mean why shouldn't there be more focus
on that because when I watch a Brennan
and clapper on a cable TV they're
getting more and more hysterical as if
it's getting closer and closer to them
go ahead and watch it in Christopher
well I I tend to agree with my colleague
in the sense that when you look at all
of the things they've been looking at
they get you get to these tangential
things that have nothing to do with the
actual investigation and they're just
constantly looking into things and
constantly looking into things I think
what we have is you know this is like
being on a roller coaster and being
nauseous and just not being able to get
off I mean especially for the American
voter in terms of you know can you trust
these politicians and then can you trust
the investigatory apparatus that you're
supposed to be able to trust looking
into these things and then you look at
investigators that are you know have
Hillary Clinton posters on their wall
and their their spouses are donated in
campaigns
it really makes you nauseous so I think
at this point a special counsel should
really be brought in for all of these
things I mean we just it's like a roller
coaster you can't get off you're
nauseous so I tend to agree with what my
colleague just said before me you know
Charles says Jeff sessions is being
criticized a lot for not being more
proactive and we do know that he recused
himself and we have the new FBI director
ray I mean I tend to think and this is
my own personal theory is that they've
realized there was so much collusion
against a Trump campaign within the
intelligence community that it would
really shock the confidence in these
agencies and I think they're really kind
of puzzled on how to deal with this
because with every single passing day we
see more and more dots connected not
with Russia and Trump but how the Intel
community come colluded together to go
after this he
candidate and now as president I mean it
seems at least patently obvious to me go
ahead Charles in New York yeah I think
the real story here is even more
diabolical than we're talking about I
think it goes back to June 2008 when
Hillary Clinton conceded to Barack Obama
that he would be president and agreed to
help there's a public record of her
meeting and Dianne Feinstein's house and
I think ever since then team Clinton and
team Obama have been conspiring to
weaponize the IRS the Department of
Justice the CIA the tech services etc to
punish enemies of you know their their
branch of the Democratic Party and to
reward friends whether it be to go after
the Tea Party in 2010 to get Barack
Obama re-elected in 2012 to try to build
a position for Hillary Clinton in 2014
and to try to get her elected in 1516
that's the larger narrative and in the
beginning I think Donald Trump wasn't in
a position to take that narrative on
because his base was still you know
wondering if he'd make it through the
perilous honeymoon period where
generally you do get a break and now
we're in a place where eyes are opening
and we're realizing you know what
happened from 2009 to 2017 under Barack
Obama was a mirage low interest rates
made it look as if and big deficit
spending made it look as if everything
was going well in reality we are now
we've been party to the grossest abuse
of power by an administration ever in
the history of this country going all
the way back and that's the real story
it's not so much 2015-16 and for that
reason we need congressional
investigations joints committees we need
the media to do its job people like well
good been an other party frankly who are
not done with Main Street don't hold
your breath don't hold your breath okay
i watch chris cuomo a couple days ago i
mean i don't know what is wrong with
that guy but it's delusional the problem
with people like chris cuomo I'm not
talking now tha is that they're so vests
invested with this cuz their own
conspiracy theory of their own making
here that they don't know how they did
can't find an exit now I mean they just
keep doubling down on the most obscure
things when there's some really big
things right now staring us all right in
the face here I mean the
the liberal media doesn't want to
concede it made a mistake because they
they'll have to can make concessions
about so many other mistakes they made
go ahead a che in LA well I had the
great pleasure of interviewing Charles
lortell numerous times and he's
absolutely brilliant and he is probably
that one of the foremost people in terms
of knowledge about the Clinton
Foundation and Clinton Foundation
scandals and the interesting thing is
that Ross story actually wrote a hit
piece on me recently and they said oh my
goodness he's focusing on the uranium
sale hea goodman and there's a verbatim
article title from the new york times
cash flowed to clinton foundation a mid
russian uranium deal that's the verbatim
article title if you just look at the
public record new york times washington
post you can see that millions and
millions and millions of millions over
hundreds of millions of dollars flowed
into the clinton foundation and then
something beneficial took place for the
people who gave money to the clinton
foundation that is a huge huge scandal
the the reason that clinton used a
private email server yeah and she
eventually transferred top-secret and
special access program intelligence onto
that server which is that's the big
issue is how she actually transferred
how he was able to transfer that
intelligence from sipper net j weeks and
skiffs onto her server the reason she
used that service because of the clinton
foundation I think that the Trump Russia
feed nonsense
I think the Trump Russian nonsense is
just one way to hide exam a giant
money-laundering no no to London fund
what it is a tha what it is what it is
exactly what it is is it's really
nothing to see here folks look away it's
a way to absolve the Clinton machine and
to place blame on Trump here I mean let
me go to Christopher in Washington I
mean I listen to to Brennan and clapper
basically saying you know
surveilling spying on whatever word you
want to use on the Trump campaign was
actually to protect them and to protect
the United States why didn't they just
tell the campaign hey I think we got
some worries right here you might want
to be careful who you talk to I mean
that would have been the right thing to
do would have been a neutral thing to do
if
that's in case what it was because I
don't believe it was because if it was
that they would have done that go ahead
Christopher totally agree Peter I mean
if you look at the entire investigation
what's happened there hasn't been any
sort of consistency going both sides in
terms of just having a standard and
sticking to it it sort of shocked me
throughout the the whole soap opera of
the Hillary Clinton emails that at some
point there's gonna be politics and
there's going to be all that stuff but
at some point there has to be some sort
of unified standard if you're breaking
the law
you're breaking national security
protocol you should be in trouble and if
you look at I mean look at James Comey I
mean he's a beta male who's on his
boring book tour he's a he's a clown
it's about him it's not about the duty
of the FBI I think they're they they
really need a facelift I think the brand
is really hurting after all this and
just tend to agree with with your
premise and your lead-in yeah Charles
here right before we go to the break
here I mean yeah I'm still gonna stick
with my narrative is that I think they'd
like the sessions and and Ray and others
understand the implications once all of
this is revealed about how the deep
state colluded against the Trump
campaign that's gonna put it's gonna be
an institutional crisis when this comes
out go ahead Charles look I think the
institution has been in crisis for a
long time
you know Robert Muller was in charge of
the FBI from September 4th 2001 to
September 4th 2013 then followed by
James Comey look at the number of
disasters that occurred under their
respective watches they couldn't find
obvious Clinton Foundation fraud they
missed the uranium 1 scandal
they missed the Laureate scandal they
missed the scandal reorganized in
Clinton Foundation 2009 forward you know
what didn't they miss and the reality is
that technological tools have gotten
ever stronger and we with the American
public the wider world needs a debate
about how much power security services
should have particularly to our country
the snoop inside our country and then
not to take care of that those secrets
aren't disseminated around to blackmail
politicians to blackmail donors and you
know to be used for nefarious purposes I
think we need to have eyes wide open
here a major league investigation and
anyone no matter how powerful who broke
these laws it needs to be investigated
ideally indicted convicted and sent away
to prison ok
you know a you know right before you do
the break here mother did find those 17
Russian trolls in st. Petersburg you
know don't underestimate him gentlemen
we're gonna go to a short break and
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion on donald trump's spy
gate welcome back to crops like where
all things are considered on Peter
LaBelle to remind you we're discussing
what President Trump calls spy gate
okay let's go back to Los Angeles
HHA McCarl made a wonderful point at the
end of the first half of the the program
here is this what they're really afraid
of with a a second investigation because
first of all the first one with Muller
is not look you know Christopher you're
in Washington DC I mean if something
really important about collusion with
Trump and Russia would have been
released a long long long time ago I
mean how many leaks and they're always
leaks one direction have you noticed
that anyway let me stay with a che here
I mean they're afraid of the second
investigation because it really will
reveal institutional corruption and I
and I even think and this is where I
think it gets really tricky and dicey
because that goes beyond party
affiliation and I think that's why
they're very hesitant about this because
it will install a lot more people not
just one side go ahead a che well let's
look at who has been investigating
Donald Trump John Brennan lied under
oath about spying on the Senate James
clapper lied under oath about the NSA
spying on Americans James Comey lied
under oath about exonerating Clinton
before her interview Peter struck in a
text message said we can't take the risk
he used the word risk we can't take the
risk of Trump becoming president we have
to engage in the insuring and an
insurance policy that we spoke about in
Andrew McCabe's
office Trump should just fire a molar
and tweet that text but then let's look
at Andrew McCabe he lied on he lied
under oath twice and lied for x this is
the Office of Professional
Responsibility at the FBI so you have
all of these people who were in immense
positions of power lying either lying
under oath or obviously part of not a
conspiracy theory and actual conspiracy
of individuals to achieve a political
goal John Brennan met with Harry Reid
during the election to inform Harry Reid
of alleged Russian interference he
didn't why didn't he inform President
Obama why didn't he meet President Obama
the NSA the FBI and the CIA I have a
fifth thirty five billion dollar
combined budget with four thirty five
billion dollars the American people get
moderate to high confidence and if you
look at the odni and DHS reports the two
intelligence reports
then all of this is based on there's
nothing certain there's zero evidence
and there's war there are warranty
disclaimers stating that even high
confidence the highest level of
assessment even high confidence could be
wrong
yeah and and they actually say in one of
the reports don't take anything we say
is fact so the intelligence reports are
completely just basically opinion thirty
one hundred thirty five billion dollars
of opinion you have the DNC who never
gave it's computer service to the FBI
they hired CrowdStrike through Hillary
Clinton purchasing through her law firm
CrowdStrike
paying CrowdStrike and also paying
Christopher Steele infusion GPS and
Glenn Simpson for the steel dossier if
anyone colluded with Russia it was
Hillary Clinton well who purchased the
steel dossier
it was Russian sources in the foreign
country is the UK not Russia here a
Christopher I mean watching the cable
stations do is it conceivable in your
mind that President Obama knew nothing
about what his underlings were doing is
that conceivable in your mind it could
be I mean I think there was a general
awareness I mean certainly and he had to
know sort of the obsessive instincts of
Hillary Clinton wanting to be president
I mean you know we've heard the
anecdotes from election night in terms
of the people that Hillary Clinton was
most angry at was Bill Clinton Barack
Obama and then Donald Trump it was
everyone's fault but her own but we
should definitely take a pause for a
second to acknowledge Hillary Clinton's
talent she can't even cheat and win you
know I mean I think that if you're
cheating and you have all this behind
you you'd win
she can't even cheat and win and the
whole thing about you know three million
votes
she won LA and she won New York right
great job you gotta lose electoral votes
Hillary Clinton couldn't even cheat and
win yep
Charles I want to go I want I am NOT
gonna let Obama off the hook here
because it's been explained to me about
a number of people that have experience
in high government is that such a
coordinated plan such as we're
discussing right now could not have been
done without the White House knowing
about it so what did he know and when
did he know it Charles III
yeah I think that's absolutely the case
I mean III think that in in this narrow
matter the Clintons and the Obamas got
together I believe in the June through
November 2008 timeframe they hammered
out a deal the memorandum of
understanding that supposedly
regularized relations between the
Clinton Foundation or among the Clinton
Foundation Bill Clinton in the Secretary
of State is it is a complete piece of
garbage it's not enforceable that
wouldn't have gotten across the line if
there were real lawyers and member
Barack Obama president the Harvard Law
Review Hillary Clinton smartest lawyer
in the world you know from the very
beginning this was an artifice the
Clintons had something on Obama we don't
yet know what it was and Obama decided
to play along he what he was in for two
terms Hillary was supposed to succeed
him and then cover all the stuff up and
so absolutely I believe certainly
Valerie Jarrett his consigliere or
consigliere
I guess she knew all about this and you
know it's high time that we go back over
this because the thing to remember
whether you're a Democrat or a
Republican this is a horrible precedent
the people are gonna look back for
decades and say you can get away this
with this type of criminal behavior 20
years from now 40 years from now maybe
four years from now or two years from
now somebody's gonna try to do far worse
yeah and the Clintons and the Obamas did
and we need to expose what happened we
need to investigate indict convict and
end incarcerate people who did this and
send them away for a long long time and
take away all of their stuff you know a
che I think a lot of viewers watching
this program initially I think that
we're very partisan here and I think
Charles put in put it in the best
possible words I mean I'm not doing this
everybody knows my partisan politics but
it's not being played out on this
program I think what all of us are
talking about is institutions and values
and the rule of law and I think that's
what really ties this all together I'm a
conservative a che year I know you're a
progressive here but we're on the same
page about a decency in public life and
in officials being held accountable and
this is why I think we need another
investigation to see to make sure that
government officials especially
particularly the unelected ones are held
to account go ahead a che
well absolutely and there's a famous CNN
clip of President Obama saying it's
absolutely impossible candidate Trump
should stop whining yeah and it's
impossible that anyone could rig the
election and he went on and on about how
the experts and all the authorities and
the most educated people would never
ever stoop so low as to blame anyone for
an election loss so so Trump should just
stop whining then we have non stop
whining continual and never-ending
whining from from Clinton and the
Democratic Party they're going to lose
the in the midterms there or they had
like what a 13 or 14 point lead in the
and the generic polls for both the House
or the House and the Senate
they lose the Senate or they'll the GOP
will keep control the Senate and keep
control of the house and they're going
to limp into 2020 Trump unless there's
something god forbid that's just
unforeseen Trump will easily defeat
Democrats in 2020 because Democrats
don't stand for anything they think that
people care about Russian interference
in the election they don't care nobody
cares holes polls are showing that
people are tired of Muller Muller
doesn't stand for anything he could
indict people on jaywalking he would
there's no collusion with Russia there's
no evidence of anything the interesting
aspect of all of this is that Democrats
have convinced themselves that for
example a Trump jr. meeting is some kind
of example of treason Trump jr. never
got any emails from Clinton and even if
he did they would have emanated from a
server that was once unencrypted outside
the US government that stored special
access program intelligence and by the
way Anthony Weiner had 18 classified
emails on his laptop and we don't even
have to get into the pictures on that
laptop so the the the issue here is the
biggest cybersecurity scandal in history
you had a Secretary of State in Hillary
Clinton who had special access program
intelligence that was transferred
somehow onto her server maybe Bryan
Pagliano maybe Justin Cooper
nobody knows right now but the DOJ is
actually investing yeah but how but a
nation was transferred but a che but a
lot of people around the world know
exactly what was on that server was like
an open bar doors everybody stopped by
okay and that's why I don't that's why I
don't think for any kind of foreign
foreign intelligence service would have
ever said anything about it I mean if
you're gonna keep getting this free
information from the Secretary of State
why do you want to interrupt it let it
keep coming no one in their right mind
would have said Julian Assange we have
we have the emails nobody in
intelligence community would ever do
anything like that it was a gift that
just kept on giving okay great
Christopher let me go to you because you
know the Muller investigation here I
mean what does he have to show to prove
that it is worth over all this long time
period here I mean we you know Paul
Manafort had nothing to do with Russia a
Papadopoulos had nothing to do with
Russia I mean he'd lied to the FBI none
of these things had oh those 17 kids
okay they can't even speak English and
most of the ads on face before after the
election I mean I don't understand how
MSNBC and CNN and keep this going I mean
its most of it just silly okay go ahead
Christopher no I think that the point
was made earlier about sort of like
you're you're dedicated to this track
and you just don't know when to stop I
mean you've hit the brick wall and
you're just your foot is still on the
gas I think they've committed themselves
to that narrative for so long they
wouldn't know what to do with themselves
if they tried to do something else and
in terms of Hillary Clinton's excuse I
mean to read a whole book about it I
mean it's like what happened it's the
only it's the only book where the
question and the answer is on the cover
you know Hillary Clinton happened so I
thought that I mean that's kind of the
way I look at it but in terms of molar I
think that I I think it's problematic
and I think that you know there's just
been a lot of lost faith I mean now
they're sort of harassing essentially
Trump's friends I mean some of his
advisers they've looked into they're
harassing their businesses their
associates I mean again it's almost like
the same issue we touched on CNN you're
so
committed to that you don't know where
to turn back but I think they need to
have independent counsels look at all
this stuff from now on so the people can
at least have some faith
wherever the compass Falls it'll be fair
and regardless of political outcome okay
we're almost out of time I when I ask
Chris for a real quick question I think
Carter page is gonna get a very big a
check one day from the US government for
defamation yes or no what do you agree
agree or not it's possible you know I
mean it's what do you think John tree
should what do you think Charles I think
Carter page is going to have a paid a
check is gonna be denominated Bailey
look at strumpets Begley okay all right
gentlemen that's all the time we have
here many thanks to my guests in
Washington in and in New York and in Los
Angeles and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk duels
