BBC had been given access to the
hospital which treated sergey skripnikov
costume of opioid poisoning and that's
what they were initially treated for now
it's only after they were informed that
mr. scrapple was indeed a former spy
that they began to believe that it could
have been a targeted attack using nerve
agents of some sorts now for some this
has raised several questions namely if
in the initial hours and days of that of
the script has been taken in for
treatment the doctors and nurses and the
other medical staff weren't wearing
protective clothing how come none of
them also got poisoned which at the end
of the day would have been the case had
they been exposed to such nerve agents
now of course there are different
opinions offered up by the doctors in
the course of that program as to exactly
what happened and it's still not yet
clear how these scrip halls were cured
or how they were treated in order to get
over their illness now there are some
especially Russian chemical experts who
points out that the symptoms of opioid
poisoning are very different to those of
nerve agent poisoning in particular of
such powerful weapons-grade nerve agents
or weapons-grade chemicals initial
police report stated sergey skripnikov
all seated on that bench and that he
also raised his hands multiple times
this description resembles a drugs
overdose and the initial version was
that the script pals were suffering from
fentanyl poisoning with first telltale
signs of military grade substance
poisoning or rapid pupil constriction
spasms and urinary incontinence
these symptoms are absent from the
initial reports and photos now again
it's emerged that solely on the Tuesday
did the scrip house begin to receive
treatment for those nerve agents of
course Nora chocked being identified as
the chemical used in the attack but they
will take you to hospital on the Sunday
so that's two whole days that they were
victims of this weapons great hugely
powerful weapons-grade material and they
weren't treated and thankfully managed
to survive so for some that BBC
documentary aired there on Tuesday
evening raising more questions than
answers let's recap what happened in
Salisbury the scrap owls were found
slumped on a park bench and taken to a
hospital on the 4th of March that was a
Sunday doctors say they didn't take any
extra precautions and initially treated
the scrap house for a suspected opioid
overdose it changed tack and the police
officer who had found them was also
admitted to hospital two days later and
the identity of the X spy was revealed
to them now after the incident the UK
claimed that Russia was behind the
attack saying that only Russia had the
means and the motive as well as a track
record the Moscow has repeatedly denied
it had any involvement it said other
countries developed novel chalk and
noted that it had traded scrip all in a
high-profile spy swap and therefore had
known no need or reason to go after him
it also says the fact that is being
denied access to Yulia scrapple a
Russian citizen is suspicious
