polish defense ministry is asked
Washington to permanently deploy
thousands of US troops in the country
Poland says that it's directly appealed
to the US after NATO ignored a similar
request for almost 20 years
result-item Nashes abused this presence
is of great importance because it deters
the adversary u.s. forces are the only
ones in the world that have the ability
to defend their positions against the
adversary Donald quarter joins me in the
studio with more on this story I don't
know the basics of it my first instinct
was it sounds like Poland thinks it's
going to be invaded by somebody what is
behind this move well kneeled the
requests came in the form of a document
from the Polish defense ministry and it
was titled proposal for a u.s. permanent
presence in Poland now it outlined the
willingness for the government to put
two billion dollars towards the
construction of a permanent military
base in Poland and it also suggested
locations for this military base as well
as military hospitals and the location
of housing facilities for the soldiers
now the Russian government has already
responded to this move Kremlin
spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that it
was expansionist and he said that it
would inevitably lead to Russian
countermeasures let's take a listen
we know that the dialogue and power are
the two faces of the same coin if you
want dialogue and you don't have power
it's impossible that you succeed it is
important that we keep this interest
suicide and be open to dialogue with
Russian situation now that was earlier
on in May at the NATO spring session in
Warsaw that was actually the president
of NATO's Parliamentary Assembly saying
that power is necessary for political
for political talks now it's a bit
difficult to understand how a permanent
military base in Poland would afford the
Polish government any more power than it
already has since already there are
4,000 NATO troops stationed in Poland
and throughout the Baltics Estonia
Latvia Lithuania and they rotate
throughout those countries you know
every now and again
and also there's actually military
drills going on all over Europe even on
Russia's doorstep every month actually
going on different places in Europe one
of these annual drills that takes place
in Poland is called ball tops and it's a
us-led maritime exercise involves the
participation of 17 nations it's got
five thousand seven hundred troops
involved forty-two ships and two
submarines but this actually actually
this military drill is going to look
pretty small in comparison to one they
have coming up in November
it's called anaconda and it's another
military drill that takes place in
Poland it happens every two years but
this year it's supposed to encompass
10,000 troops and participation from ten
Allied nations and that's all according
to the NATO website so it's difficult to
see how even permanent military base
will even increase the likelihood of
them a Poland having any more political
swing with Russia okay well thanks very
much for bringing us up today Donald
quarter with the latest information
