I mean while Israel has turned back a
group of Palestinian ships trying to
breach the Gaza blockade and sailed to
Cyprus
it was carrying patients wounded in
recent border protests as well as
students hoping to get an education
abroad local correspondent Inga Derry
was on one of the boats so we were here
10 a.m. since the morning and there were
a lot of passengers that were rejecting
to leave on the boats 17 passengers
including two injured Palestinians from
the great march of return and others
were people holding visa students and
stuck people that have been living under
blockade for more than 11 years we went
into the sea with 8 nautical miles and
what happened is we saw the warships
going very close to these two boats that
had all these passengers this how the
story developed
so now we're in the middle of the sea as
you see there are tens of tons of boats
sailing into the sea
turn now we know that there we are going
to sell three nautical miles
we're nine nautical miles is the last
point we can we can reach and
Palestinians are continuing the great
march of return events and they're
continuing the protest but here today in
another way this is more of it an
attempt to break the siege that has been
imposed on Gaza Strip for more than
eleven years
so now we're entering the four nautical
miles and we started seeing Israeli
warships going closer to the Palestinian
boats they started asking them to leave
the sea it's still not clear we're
trying to get closer and to see what's
happening but all we see is Israeli
warships going closer and sailing very
close to the Palestinian protesters
boats Palestinians won't want to go back
to the sea seaport unless something big
happens now we started to feel that it's
getting a bit dangerous what happened at
that time that we went back to the to
the Seaport because it was very
dangerous naval forces arrested and
controlled the the boats that were
launched from the Gulf seaport so the
great march of return events are
continuing Palestinians are continuing
to protest and they state that they
won't stop protesting until they achieve
them their demands and until the
blockade on the Gaza Strip that has been
imposed for 11 years is released at
least 115 policy news were killed
thousands were injured in the great
march of return but today the
Palestinians had a new way of protesting
where in the past month they were
protesting on the land here near the
fence and today the Palestinians are
protesting on the boats near the sea
Israeli forces said Hamas was using
people to carry out quote a propaganda
operation and breach the blockade the
IDF said they're also ready to provide
needed medical assistance to the
Palestinians who will later be returned
to Gaza
