nearly a year since the start of the
saudi-led blockade of cut out the
wealthy Gulf nation is hitting back the
government in Doha banned all imports
from Saudi Arabia and other countries
that have severed ties with Qatar
however many goods are still finding
their way into Qatar through other
countries including Oman and Kuwait and
checks have been announced to make sure
shops are complying with the ban and the
blockade of Qatar was imposed last June
by Saudi Arabia Egypt Bahrain and the
United Arab Emirates the accused cut out
of funding terrorist groups diplomatic
ties were severed and transport links
for the country were closed but
economist Jack Rasmus told us Qatar has
managed to adapt to these sanctions
Qatar probably feels that the US
military bases there are important
enough that it can take reciprocal
action the outcome while they're going
to sit down and negotiate now from equal
strength they have a lot of exports of
energy products and a lot of people will
want to buy them so I don't think it'll
have a long-term effect on Qatar and the
United States really doesn't want to
come down on one side or the other
given its policies now towards Iran
Qatar has a lot to offer other countries
that don't really care about the feud
with Saudi Arabia Qatar is a financial
center that plugs it into the broader
world and I'm sure that the Saudi Arabia
is a little bit jealous of that and
their access and you know their
connections and that's another source of
Saudi concern
