used at the British government to set
aside money for the upcoming year
parliamentary elections has brexit
supporters claiming there's a secret bid
to keep the country in the block however
officials do claim the money is only
there in case of an emergency it's a
precautionary measure so that we have
the necessary funds to deliver our
functions at a European parliamentary
election in the unlikely event that they
do go ahead
well elections for the European
Parliament will take place next May two
months after the date when the UK
supposed to have walked through the
years exit doors that raised concern
among Euroskeptics about why the UK is
putting aside 800,000 pounds for those
elections more than half of those who
voted chose brexit in 2016 in June of
2016 negotiations between London and
Brussels over the terms of the divorce
began last year and is still ongoing and
a major stumbling block remains the
Irish border while there's still no
solution that satisfies all the sides
and the EU says it wants more clear
proposals in the British prime minister
we want an ambitious partnership with
the United Kingdom but for that we need
realistic proposals from the UK a
negotiation cannot be a game of
hide-and-seek all right but let's get
the goose now Margaret Parker she's a
member of the European Parliament from
you Kipp and I think she joins us now
there she is Margot good to have you on
hello good evening
what's your take on this then some
people are suspicious that this money's
being kept aside for European elections
well I think the money is contingency
money we don't expect not to be leaving
she must fulfill the pledge the British
people have voted for this referendum
have full expectancy to leave we're
frustrated with our government being so
slow in their negotiations you know we
we find it very annoying very upsetting
that they seem to be so slow every time
I think they come to Brussels Brussels
perhaps asks and for something more and
I'm afraid our government appear to be
full of capitulation that they are fear
not not to be putting the British people
first they really need to get on with
this and think about a sensible way
forward businesses want the answer they
need to know when we're leaving and we
need to get on with our trade deals for
the rest of the world we're fed up way
too Michael why do you think then it's
taking so long mean what are the reasons
in your opinion why are things being
held up to such an extent I think that
the British government lack imagination
I also think the the Commission are
woeful in the way they are behaving they
don't want to find a deal they don't
want any conciliation here we want to be
able to trade and be good neighbors and
we see no reason why we can't do that
we've always had that at the back of our
mind of course we do but it's a bit like
the Hotel California you know you say
you're going to leave but you know they
make it very very difficult to check out
and that I think is so disappointing so
many people that I speak to are
frustrated with our own government they
say look just get on with this and deal
with it if you cannot manage to deal
with the Irish border and we know the
technology is there we know they can do
this they just need to have some
confidence and that perhaps have the
courage to walk out occasionally if
things are not going well you know I've
never been a negotiation where you just
go in and say to people well what do you
want and they tell you and you say fine
thank you I'll accept that no it's a
two-way street but it appears to be that
we're giving so much away
you know I think we need something a
little bit more meaty on the table now
and I think you need to step forward
they can put some suggestions on the
table as well maybe we should say well
that's not acceptable to us doing great
sure two-way street then do you think
that the EU itself is to blame
- do you think it's purposely perhaps
dragging its feet or not just being is
precise and getting on with things as
quickly as it could
I think they are dragging their feet
I've no doubt we can have an amicable
agreement I've always thought that you
know really we are good neighbors with
we we've worked and lived together for
so many years and and we can continue to
do that don't don't see the problems
that the I believe the politicians are
stuck in the mud I think they need some
vision and my god they need some vision
they really really do but I do know
businesses are totally frustrated with
the lack of I suppose really vision I
know we can do this we all know we can
do this but I think most people on the
street at home you know jobs and all the
rest of it they know that businesses
will move forward they'll make the right
allowances we can move forward I think
this is a load of nonsense and I think
if you were to put this back two years
and say that would be at this position
people would say no coffee so they need
to sort themselves out but I do think
the British public were getting very
very fed up with this lack of moving
forward in a productive sensible way
okay Margot look really nice to talk to
we're going to have to leave it there
that was Marga Parker a member of the
European Parliament for you Kip thank
you
