after Israel's use of live fire against
Palestinians on may the 14th there was
condemnation in much of the world not
least the UK yesterday's horrific
massacre at the Gaza border left at
least 58 dead the loss of life we have
seen is tragic and extremely concerning
such violence is destructive to peace
efforts and we call on all sides to show
restraint the large volume of live fire
is extremely concerning we continue to
implore Israel to show greater restraint
yet despite those strong words for years
Britain has been ramping up how much
weaponry it sells to Israel since 2015
numbers have skyrocketed up 11 fold in
the span of just two years and those
sales include sniper rifles weapon
sights ammunition for small arms
anti-riot equipment and other items
similar to those used by Israeli forces
against unarmed protestors
the UK doesn't keep data on how such
equipment and weapons are used after
being sold until that can be established
MPs put forward a motion to suspend
sales altogether in the lights of the
extensive use of live fire by Israeli
forces against Palestinians in Gaza the
house calls for a suspension of UK arms
sales to Israel unless it can be
demonstrated that weapons and components
imported from the UK are used solely in
accordance with the consolidated
criteria that motion did not make it to
debate and while just after the killing
of protesters Britain did join the
chorus of countries calling for an
independent investigation when the UN
put ascending a war crimes probe to Gaza
to a vote the UK abstained calling into
question just how important the truth is
- Theresa Mays government and leaving
London in the comfortable position of
condemning potentially horrific abuses
while selling the guns to carry them out
they are they have always been arming
even actually they've increased
thereafter as well despite being
critical occasionally but the more Wars
the more the shareholders go and which
is that up and which is a Talbot chairs
of those dollars right they must be
going through the roof I think I really
believe it that in post chairman oshare
hold it there's people working at BAE
Systems or Elbit or any other of these
arms manufacturer flying is real flying
savvy they can see the hospital where I
was where those children were coming in
one by one some without legs they
couldn't see that I don't maybe selling
these weapons at all I think they would
walk away from the industry the Israeli
army denies using excessive force
against protesters it accuses Hamas of
fuelling the riots but new reports of
the IDF deploying heavy weaponry appear
almost every day on Sunday the Gaza
Health Ministry said said that a three
Palestinians have been killed by Israeli
tank fire earlier the idea of posted
this video saying that it attacked a
Hamas military post in Gaza and had to
detonate a bomb there that operation
apparently preceded the tank fire
incident political analyst a Mitchell
Barak says that Israel has every right
to protect its borders
the ones that were killed were close to
the border they were either
throwing Molotov cocktails throwing
stones shooting trying to do whatever
they could to break through the border
fence in order to kill Israeli citizens
please don't call them protesters we
don't care how old they are if Hamas is
willing to put up teenagers or others
that are young or old or elderly even in
order to break through the Israeli
border the Israeli army will stop them
that's reasonable the fact that there
have been countries that have condemned
Israel I will say so what every country
needs to protect their border every
country needs to protect their citizens
