has been another hint that the u.s.
plans to indict WikiLeaks founder an
alleged Russian intelligence operative
mr. Julian Assange u.s. congressman Adam
Schiff who oversees a Russia probe says
he would accept testimony from Assange
but only if he is in custody the
WikiLeaks founder had reportedly wanted
to testify you have Julian Assange
willing to speak to Adam Schiff yes yes
he told me when knock - and it heats why
does Julian Assange want to do that
because well he's ready to show that
there is no collusion but WikiLeaks
issued a tweet denying that such a
request had ever been made by its
founder Julian Assange though has been a
long-standing nuisance for the US since
the foundation of WikiLeaks in 2006 it
has published
thousands of documents exposing US
officials and diplomats the army and
intelligence services and top US
officials have not hesitated to speak
out against Assange this guy's a traitor
a treasonous and-and-and he has broken
every law of the United States the guy
ought to be and I'm not for the death
penalty so if I'm not for the death
penalty wanted to do it illegally shoot
the son of a I think the man is a
high-tech terrorist can act tough and
say if we catch you we're gonna hang you
whatever
WikiLeaks walks like a hostile
intelligence service and talks like a
hostile intelligence service ignorance
or misplaced idealism is no longer an
acceptable excuse for lionizing these
demons investigative journalists are max
Blumenthal earlier told us that Assange
is activities make officials in
Washington nervous US has refused to
speak to Julian Assange except under
duress under harsh conditions possibly
after solitary confinement which shows
that they don't want to know what Julian
Assange knows they don't want to
interrupt their narrative with with what
could be facts almost no one in
Washington in the press corps will stand
up and defend Julian Assange as a fellow
journalist who is facing some of the
harshest conditions any journalist in
the West is facing
because he embarrassed the US government
and he embarrassed the CIA and we should
also remember that there is no grand
jury for Julian Assange for the dnc hack
or leak or whatever it was it only
relates to the revelation of internal
CIA documents so this is a case that
sets a precedent for the rest of the
media and how other journalists will be
treated if they reveal classified
information and it seems like there's
very little concern about that within
the journalistic community in the West
