and finally this our thousands of people
been rallying in Berlin in a march
organized by the anti-immigration
alternative for Germany party but it was
a counter protest by left-wing activists
which drew even bigger crowds Peter
Oliver was at the center of it all
supporters of the anti-immigration
alternative for Germany party gathered
just behind the iconic Brandenburg Gate
behind me on all sides though you might
be able to hear coming from over this
way if we move around here they're
surrounded by thousands and thousands of
counter demonstrators that come from now
Germany's politicians from migrant
groups from Berlin's and night clubs
who've been taking part in something
they call the base away the AFD also
trade unions represented in amongst
those that are coming out to say no to
racism stop racism that's of course what
they think alternative for Germany stand
fall turned for Germany themselves they
say yes they want to close the borders
but that's because they say the policies
of Angela Merkel when it comes to
immigration aren't right for Germany
what we are seeing from the large scale
counter demonstration is this could just
be the start of something because coming
up this summer there is the big
alternative for Germany Party Congress
it's taking place in Augsburg and as I
looked into well those
counter-demonstrators are getting
prepared for that in a big way
you
