it's absurd that we still have this
undemocratic annika ISM in the 21st
century and when Labour is elected we
will carry through that pledge fact
Jeremy Corbyn says he's now only going
to appoint labour peers if they agree to
basically vote themselves out of a job
if it ever came down to a vote but
reforming Britain's unelected upper
chamber is an idea that gets floated
every couple of years really there are
those that say that the whole
institution is inherently undemocratic
some see the Lord's as a meddling Bunch
where the last time they checked the
average age is about 69 years old they
get to claim expenses courtesy of the
tax payer of up to 300 pounds a day and
some say for not doing very much work
but for the 700 years that it's been in
existence the chamber of the House of
Lords has had its fair share of scandal
sleep and silliness take a look
I offer my sincere apologies to bonus
Lister for my discourtesy in not being
in my place to answer her question on a
very important matter at the beginning
of questions and thoroughly ashamed had
not been in my place and therefore I
should be offering my resignation
and then the survivors of world war ii
started to look pretty old as well as my
neighbor friend and i love a Baroness
reminding me I believe table to be one
of the the only survivor
what's interesting now is that the party
in power here now the Conservative Party
is also getting increasingly frustrated
with the House of Lords hardline brexit
errs in particular because the Lord's
keep rejecting key brexit legislation
that the government here is trying to
push through rather embarrassing in
Teresa Mays administration has suffered
15 defeats in the House of Lords over
the past few weeks and whenever the
Lord's rejects legislation a law that
politicians in the Commons are trying to
push through there is always talk of a
constitutional crisis because they say
the elected politicians are trying to
enact the will of the people whereas the
unelected laws are blocking those
efforts or holding them up at least and
those on the other side of the argument
argue well it's the job of the House of
Lords to hold politicians to account and
to scrutinize the laws that they are
trying to pass
