maths Casablanca strangles past and we
have supported our team Russian team and
we were very happy we supported our
players and not only our compatriots
supported our players but also football
fans from around the globe and we thank
them for their support very surprised by
this amount of support and we think the
foreign media for our the fact that they
have appreciated our Russian team garden
says that our team was magnificent New
York Times says that Russian players
have made their country proud but they
have achieved even far for me what
cannot even be what given being more
than the making your country proud BBC
said that Russia can be hugely proud to
put they have achieved and seen and said
that the Russian team captured the
imagination thank you very much for such
evaluations we truly proud of our
players and are proud of our coach so
well it's very gratifying to receive
such reviews and football teams players
and coaches of all countries they make
they made fans fall in love with them
and we continue to receive great reviews
about the organization atmosphere
infrastructure and by the station in the
country in general Guardian says that
English fans came to Russia they refused
to believe
vibrant descriptions about the Russian
cruelty wish they could have experienced
here say that the picture has become
clear in several days
particularly English fans and other fans
are most welcome in Russia the Turkish
newspaper Emilia said that at the moment
Russia as the host country has
demonstrated again the whole world world
that it deserves the highest scores for
the organized championship the French
newspaper Lamond says that the World Cup
she posted by Russia will be remembered
by fans gathered from around the world
Russia associated with watch number of
stereotypes a lot of them were
demolished due to the flawless
organization in Pride celebration that
Russia offered to the whole world
the Vietnamese newspapers ink world's a
fan who said that he wouldn't he visited
the World Cup in Russian he was very
happy now we're telling colleagues also
felt the atmosphere love sport festival
the magazine panorama in its article the
celebration is here says that the
strength of football and sports rush has
hit Russia like him Mets arrived and
this is like a sports disease that has
spread very fast and to Russians into
smiling resilience and turned Russia
into a carnival
Rio de Janeiro where everyone is dancing
and celebrating day and night and the
author was very fascinated by the fact
that the Russian people fell in love
with football and she seems that the
reason behind it is a heat wave and the
team spirit of Russians the material
says that Russians are friendly and open
that our people hast fans they're ready
to help guests despite the fact that
Russia has
lost in the World Cup but in fact the
youth old ladies taxi drivers and police
officers with the crazy needs going
atmosphere and the the world
championship has become a contact for
civilization for all populations and for
thousands of tourists so the World Cup
was refused by the media they tried to
compare stereotypes and realities for
example the Argentinian newspaper party
nodosa has published nint to you with
this caller from the National Council of
Argentina and was a specialist in
Russian history Martina banya where he
demolished prejudice and stereotypes
about Russia he this is actually a
response to all this you nations that
were spread before the start of the
World Cup so Martina Bunyan was talking
about the cultural wealth of Russia the
Finnish newspaper Altis Animas says that
they've managed to see behind the
organization of championship and they
say that the people is the strongest
aspect of Russia these are regular
people who don't want to get into
international headlines and don't want
everyone's attention it's very easy to
fell in love with Russia well everyone
is taking care of each other and
everyone is ready to help a passerby
despite the lack of time and resources
but there are some other examples and we
were ready for them the Czech magazine
reflects believes that it's President
Putin who is the winner of the World Cup
and Russia is successful in painting
itself in the best light and hardly
anyone can remember that it was chosen
to host World Cup eight years ago what
can we say about it people received what
they got real celebration there are many
exam
most like that I just can advise such
authors to read thousands and millions
of pass in the social media of people
who witness what's going on in our
country they're not just in Russia they
just actually leave leave here they move
from town to town
they see the real life so read there
pause publish what they write don't make
up anything please another thing that I
would like to say is that there are
spare examples for example in Finland
they write that the sincerity of locals
takes breath away but another thing
should be mentioned about Ukraine this
is alternative for a championship on
fake news I allow myself to quote one of
the masterpieces written by the business
newspaper duelist Alisa business capital
in English I remind you this is the
journalists this is an article written
by journalist of de la vie still it's
her first Russia has all the chances to
choose to create to create due to their
victory over Spain the bar is too high
and we will be able to discover all the
details scandalous details of their
victory and we believe that this fail
will be quite loud and to deafen this
fail there will be something not very
basic it will require a fight with
creations which will answer within a
prison of fans and the and the creation
team being expelled secondly this fight
can be used by Moscow to
influence the Balkan states because this
situation is going to reverberate across
the former Yugoslavia there rocks
heartless options but in general there
is a possible scenario for Eva to
special operation to revenge for
sanctions and before their extension
there are many interesting combinations
to be honest we cannot remember such
cynical nonsense from Ukrainian
journalists I would like to remind you
cranium journalists that several days
ago there was a special seminar of the
OSC on the freedom of the media where
they discussed are fighting against fake
peace what are you writing about because
it's difficult to understand it's
difficult to believe what you're writing
unfortunately there are some German
media who are trying to find guilty our
Russian team of doping which goes which
causes only PT to German media who have
no opportunity to write about their own
German team it's just indecent to write
such fake news because you're drawn
lists you're not writing favorite tales
the legislation of many states who
provides for legal mechanisms to protect
owner dignity so bearing in mind such
articles who would be interested in
employing such articles against certain
German journalists particularly we were
encouraged by these journalists since
they are not guided by morals and norms
we're also deeply puzzled by the
reaction of the British officials to the
World Cup trying to
make connections between sports and
politics and it beyond our understanding
and despite this into Russian propaganda
ten thousand British fans visit Russia
but I think British officials also
should have visited the football match
of their football team because I I met I
noticed that
no diplomat from the British Embassy
visited the football match you just need
to stop this frenzy which you which you
spread during the FIFA World Cup it's
it's a pity but it's really it's really
a pity that the English fan has lost in
the World Cup but we see that some of
the fans are going to remain in Russia
for some time and they going to see the
final would like also to comment the
article written by Emma Farris Rahman
several months ago she wrote that it's
impossible for foreign journalists to
leave and right to to work in rushes of
journalists now she's writing for The
Washington Post the following phrase the
Russians didn't didn't get you are not
used to ethnical diversity but I would
like to remind Amy Faris Rodman and
everyone who become victims of her
illiteracy and I would like to pay
attention to the American Embassy in
Moscow that in Russia there are 200
nationalities living in Russia so just
you would understand
the ethnic diversity in Russia and a few
journalists are not well aware of that
then please go to the internet and
Google that where you can go to us and
we will provide you the materials I'm
not going to give names of journalists
and I'm not giving I'm not going to give
you names of the media but some views
journalists are trying to find any any
fact that can discredit the World Cup in
Russia I would like to pay attention
again the American Embassy in Moscow who
closely follows propaganda and fake news
so since the use journalist I hear they
just should follow that and also we have
received identical requests from French
journalists with the request to comment
they all wrote the following thing we're
all writing about Nigerian citizens who
came here with the fan ID please could
he comment their decision they don't
have any return tickets they don't have
any means what what are your
commentaries about that again this is a
question posed by French journalists we
have received it from the Figaro
journalist and other media well it looks
like an older well we would comment that
we see that some of the fans that have
no means and no return tickets this is a
question that concerns different jurists
and fans and we have some of them in
many host countries so we're talking
about fans coming from various countries
it's regret that after this sport
festival all tourists should leave the
Russian territory because the fan ID
will respire well I think it's quite
clear and it shouldn't
arise any doubts about that or any
questions I think that some of the fans
some of the football fans too until the
end of the World Cup have lost their
turn tickets who have lost their
financial means it's quite financial
it's it's undesired but it's natural so
it's to the football fans to go to the
embassies and to consular offices to
address the situation but we are not
surprised if some of these fans will try
to cross our border and illegally and go
to the European - a European country and
if this action is illegal then our
competent agencies and bodies will take
all the necessary action and it's not
about practice this is a practice
applied by any state and it's a general
practice it couldn't be addressed in
another way when we will not try to add
any drama to that but we see that fringe
journalists are so actively interested
in this question but we would like to
remind you that you should respect our
legislation and you should understand
the situation
you witnessed some situations when they
were some crimes committed and you were
writing about that now we're going to
the our agenda we would like to start
with the agenda of events and the
central event ok the current period the
meeting of Russian ambassadors and
Russian permanent representatives which
takes place every two years it will take
place
on the 19th and 20th of July Moscow will
see the meaning of Russian ambassadors
and permanent representatives which as I
said already takes place every two years
meaning will be organized in the form of
plenary meetings and panels which will
focus on clear objectives for the
Russian diplomacy the current stage
particularly national security creation
of favorable external conditions for the
development of Russia promotion of
Russian national interests including
interests of Russian people and business
on the basis of the norms of
international law principles of equal
just two mutually beneficial cooperation
this event will help to analyze Russian
foreign policy priorities in key
activities of the Russian FAA and to
define practical steps in conducting the
foreign policy of the Russian
Federation's all inform and provide all
the details about that Russian
ambassadors and permanent
representatives are coming to Moscow
they're speaking with the press and will
broadcast this meeting we will organize
also the press center which we have
organized so many times so we will
inform you about that and now we would
like to move to our traditional agenda
we'll talk about the international
affairs I'll talk about the situation in
Syria which remains tense attention is
focused on the developments in the
southwestern part of Syria where an
operation to clean the provinces of Deir
and connector from terrorists and
fighters is nearing completion at the
moment the DARAB province is almost
liberated an agreement was reached to
to achieve solution in southern and
southeastern districts of the Dara city
which was controlled by legal out-groups
for seven years the Syrian governmental
army assumed control over the border
with the Jordan the southwestern part of
Syria was liberated with minimum number
of casualties this was made possible due
to the negotiated solutions with the
amp'd groups who dissociated themselves
from a nusra and the Islamic state the
special role was played by russian
servicemen from the russian center for
the reconciliation the amount of respect
and to be owned at the amount of love
shown by the locals and former fighters
from the illegal armed groups to our
Russian soldiers is shown by numerous
photos published in the social media
Russian officers take selfies with those
who were fighting together with armed
groups who chose today peace and unity
in Syria it's worth mentioning that the
village MC frog in my southwest of Syria
has seen the full match between Russian
soldier and former fighters this sounds
fantastic but it's true we paid
attention to large number Western
manufactured sophisticated weapons and
equipment transferred by former fighters
to the Syrian army
these are anti-tank guided missiles
almond vehicles
small arms and ammunitions which
constitute a tangible evidence of
flagrant interference into the affairs
of Syria the military operation on the
south of the country is successful
and it demonstrates the presence of
serious practices for early political
settlement and normalization of
situation in Syria
you cannot disregard the will of Syrians
who at the approach of governmental
forces expelled in nusra terrorists from
them from their villages we can also
ignore the question of refugees it's
true that in the course of the military
operation of the Syrian governmental
forces some of the people were forced to
leave their homes particularly in the
places where terrorists tried to resist
and tried to provoke governmental forces
to use fools however this number of
people was inferior to the numbers
provided by the white helmets and other
provocateurs who tried to do everything
to stop or even to slow down the
elimination of terrorists
so the refugees had an opportunity to
come to return to their homes internally
displaced people and also there's lived
it for a long time in the neighboring
Jordan they need help the Syrian
authorities rendering this assistance
given of the contribution and the
situation house additional needs
additional efforts of the international
community and specialized agencies the
products of our city are needed and also
it concerns that the return of our
millions of people who needed her to
leave for Syria because of all the
internal conflicts and terrorist attacks
and also the participation of
international partners is needed and the
living of travel restrictions which
obstructed these process and also like a
commander on the situation about the use
of our chemical weapons in a tumor and
we paid attention to the report about
the Technical Secretariat of the OPCW
and
this supposed to accident on the 7th of
April this year I was highlighted in the
30s in the 30 page report which is aimed
to demonstrate a high standards of the
work of the mission but even after the
first reading one can see the boys
nature of these documents which leads
also to a series of questions very
practical ones first of all the report
just for instance it doesn't contain a
clarification on why the experts of the
missions could not come to the city of
Douma after 10 days after the alleged
chemical attack which was announced by
the wider Hamas and in spite if this was
not possible in spite of all the
safeguards provided her by the Russian
army little men and the Syrian
governmental forces and they mean a
reason is the rocket strikes and missile
strikes delivered is in Syria in this
third 13th and 14th of April by three
countries so far the permanent members
of the Security Council of Lian of the
United States Great Britain and France
and this this aggression has nothing to
do with this according to the Technical
Secretariat as well as of the weapons
have provided a tomb of the experts of
the mission how could this be
qualified it can be only qualified as
double standards and second in contrast
to the mentioned above now that one
hundreds of our samples taken by the
mission only 31 sample samples were
analyzed what were the criteria that the
mission used you know this selective
approach we see the explanation in the
fact that the fact that in the balance
the width of the quorum they say that
the revealed the quorum at agents so is
it a professional finding for this meat
Western media Western media announced
that it is demonstration about a
chemical crime about the Syrian military
man but maybe anybody could have asked
what substance should be there about the
quorum and how could these objects
become country they found the year
without any deformation if are they were
dropped her former helicopter and even
not a specialist can see these are
discrepancies this like it sounds like a
cheaper fantasies so the this objects
were brought in two of the houses and
were placed to suit the shooting the
shooting of and the filming so we ask
you to post these questions and maybe to
ask the question whether is this a
primitive or not for the public
opinion to present facts like that and
this something that is on the surface
you know these report there are some
nonspecific things about research
questions and we hope that the common
sense will prevail and the stage nature
of the so-called chemical crime chemical
attack could be revealed on the basis of
the testimony of eyewitnesses and
participant and those working
participated in now that event isn't it
strange that there is not even a word
about such witnesses and such people
Russia was accused you know the
participation and in cooperation with
the Taliban movement in Afghanistan and
these accusations were voiced in the
report prepared by Pentagon and
submitter to the Congress we have
commanded this topic already maybe our
American colleagues do not hear or do
not want to hear our comments and
neither do they want to hear our
arguments and our opinions we like to
stress once again that our contacts with
the Taliban movement are aimed at
ensuring that the security of Russian
citizens and Afghanistan Afghanistan and
facilitating the process of national
reconciliation which still added
stalemate I'd like to remind you about
the evidence that became public
according to them one of the sponsors of
our the turban movement is a Pentagon
you know the Special Inspector
the Congress of the essay on the
reconstruction of Afghanistan in his
report says that the the need is are
being now blundered and the extent is
impressing we have cited as examples and
I like to remind you once again that
about that and now American military men
have found misses and ninety five
thousand cars that the given out to
Afghanistan since 2005 and also in 2016
one of our the reports of the Pentagon
mentioned out the laws of 1.5 million
units of weapons that they gave to Iraq
and Afghanistan so it seems that
Washington is trying atchoo somehow
conceal its military and political
miscalculations in Afghanistan now it is
this country is a center of drug
production and at his salsa fault
terrorist threat which is which are
still been in place another new piece of
news that I would like to comment on we
know that 12 children who spent about
two weeks in the cave in Thailand they
were all saved and fortunately this
recitation was solved and we followed
the events with great sympathy and our
emergency ministry proposed to take part
in the rescue operation
but this help wasn't needed in that long
run and we congratulate talent with this
solution of this critical situation and
we hope that the young football players
will we know there are victories in the
future as well as Russia in further
competitions that we will host and we
hope to see these football players
during these competitions are who won
their victory in the difficulties of
their lives on the 26th 27th of July
Council of young diplomats supported by
the gorchakov foundation will organize a
forum of young diplomats from the
countries of the Eurasian space of the
topics will be of the global changes in
the international field digitization of
world economy and international
association of young diplomats so this
forum became a good tradition uniting
the European and Asian diplomats and
this closed four months is an
opportunity to exchange our views on the
current issues of international
relations and to give an unbiased view
of all the agenda the result of these
four year worker became the first global
forum of young diplomats and soldiers
which was held in October 2017 and this
year the forum will be attended by young
diplomats working in the Capitals and
young representatives of political
elites and the declaration is planted to
be adopted at the as the outcome
document of the forum and we hope that
the media representatives or will cover
this events and in we will publish the
all the telephones are needed for you to
be there now we are passing to the
situation in our Ukrainian you've asked
also to command honor the
Russia oh no the yes Ukrainian stuff
exercises sea breeze and inspected to
that three thousand servicemen from
Ukraine and NATO countries will take a
part in these exercises and one point
five thousand US military men will be
Cynthia and the main purpose of all
these exercises is to contact operations
to ensure security in now the crisis
region of another NATO region and these
crisis region it would be the tariff of
the Edessa Nikolai's and Erskine stone
regions that I just entered to the Black
Sea and the military activity will be
conducted
you know the closer proximity to of the
conflict zone in the southeast of
Ukraine in spite of the harvest
a ceasefire particular by the contact
group and this is a attempt so to
reflect muscles and sturdy civilizer the
situation and we edema these exercises
as an attempt sir to provoke attention
not only in this cell for Easter of the
green but also in the Black Sea and to
the responsibility for the negative
consequences should fear those who
collinear with fire and accuses Russia
or regional of provoking original
instability now we will talk about mr.
Walker statement to the Germans
about the newspaper built on the 6th of
July and now I start show statements
anti-russian statements still add a fuel
to the fire and the it's very strange to
hear such a politicized statement so is
Russia in the mouth in the amount of the
mediator and he said that he was
influence of Moscow and regarding now
the special monitoring mission of the
OSCE he that statement is very strange
after the fact that the United States
has added supplies of our lethal weapons
that would come down to us in the long
run and now we can see that 18 and not
persons civilians were killed and ninety
one and two one knows even worse were
injured in another conflict zones and we
urge the yes the USA to help they
implement the Minsk agreements and also
to influence Kate Forrester to comply
with its corresponding our obligations
cannot about mention the situation on
the freedom of speech in Ukraine and
this situation is still deteriorating
the earth and the recent days were
marked by number of our repressive
measures of Kiev our yesterday
the Arizona Court extended the arrest of
mr. Wyszynski who is charged with
and he now he been taking held hostage
so and his arrest was extended for two
months until 13th of September and we
hope to see tougher reaction of
international organizations on these
situation regarding wyszynski and we
would like to say that the international
organizations that could not recognize
itself this is the situation with the
rights of speech the freedom of speech
and you agree now they are responsible
for what is happening with the mr.
Basinski the National Council on tele
and we did a radio broadcasting on the
Ukraine find to the channel Intel for
broadcasting the concert of Victory Day
on the 9th of May so all this the amount
of the phone is a 154 thousand US
dollars and as much in car usually as
science his statement with usually
doesn't in this way this was viewed as
an incitement of hatred and this
broadcasting was about her to be
obstructed by the neo-nazi organization
of the national courts and national
militia this was done by means of or
threats of asana and now great deal of
the population deems the 9th of May as
holiday of about the countries are
opposed to to fashion
and conniving conniving the radicalize
to part about the society Kiev is trying
to suppress any attempts to recall these
to the public it's not only the Austrian
Alpha the intolerance towards its own
people but open a repression to the
media outlets still the policy of
banning at the John foreign journalists
from entering the country is still in
place it is not about only the
journalists talking about the current
situation in Ukraine but it's a concern
any media outlets you know it's about
the case when in the airport of Boryspil
a citizen of a Great Britain host of
culinary and educational program and at
the empty lead to the channel he was a
not lat answer to enter the territory of
Ukraine so the motive was at the his
visitor to the Crimea so this factor
surprised the suppression of dissent by
Kiev authorities and limiting the
opinions that are posing near to the
official position and their public the
population doesn't have the writer to
get the unbiased information about the
developments in the world when we were
asked about the outcomes of the NATO
summit in Brussels we actually we have
focused them almost precisely and
yesterday we were not willing willing to
do that
due to the mattress now I can say that
we have costed almost everything the
reasons and the decisions would be
analyzed and the old statements that are
available they make us believe that the
NATO is not interested in analyzing the
real reasons about the deterioration in
a situation in North Atlantic and use of
the standards of the Cold War's I mean
Russia in fighting interest in the
Atlantic speaking about the instability
of the independent regions and also the
threats are coming from the year nature
does not understand that it is a direct
result result of all the military
actions of all these countries so is
variety to the attempts to spoil
everything to accuse Russia in
everything for the clumsy and they are
despicable and not clever at all on this
desire to find some justification for
your own deeds they are just insane at
the same time we see that NATO is
stepping up the procurement of offensive
weapons and their deeds are going in
line with large-scale maneuvers near
Russian borders and they go hand in hand
other words the expulsion of Russian
diplomats and refusal to come to hold a
dialog they use the pretext of the fact
that their military spending are much
more than the defense cost of Russia at
the same time we'd like to say that they
are and they continue to invent new
protectors and new accusations and it
all shows that not Russia but NATO
brings its military equipment closer to
the Russian borders we hear that NATO is
trying to protect its allies and in
reality they create conditions where
everyone is filling itself bettering the
conditions of the low confrontations and
they feel themselves better rather than
in a multipolar world and it all shows
that the it doesn't strength the
security and defence but rather improve
and step up the tension in Europe and
the open door policy for open door
policy has been converted into objective
in itself in reality it all is about
military security security and the
attempts to install a fence in today's
globalized world where everyone is
doomed to fail if it acts alone there is
no prospects for isolationism and it is
necessary to organize some kind of
protection on and defense and it will
lead the NATO to build their policy on
the basis of international law and the
confrontation with common threats
and the security should be built not
just between the allies but between all
countries the Alliance its commitment to
the its obligations under international
documents like Russian NATO of the Year
2007 and we hope that the commitments
will be followed and complied with and
now let's turn to another issue to the
frayed prudence the new Foreign Office
had just entered into the office and he
credited his predecessor for the efforts
made in retaliatory measures for the
incident in Salisbury and thus
supporting the anti Russian policy of
British diplomacy we believe that this
approach cannot become a platform for
enormous normalization of our bilateral
relations the development of this
relationships in a constructive way and
the these will complicate the
cultivation with London on international
platforms and won't help to solve
regional problems and international
pressing problems now the block is the
freezing of key mechanisms of by London
of bilateral mechanisms of cooperation
the blockage of all conducts at high
level and the world back of significant
volume of inter-ministerial ties this I
would like to underline that this is a
conscious choice of London on fermenting
tension between the two countries and in
these conditions we should understand
and we hope that the British side
understands that the harmfulness of
their approaches
and probably they will be those who will
find the solutions to restore bilateral
relations now about the incident in
Amesbury the more we go the worse the
situation is looking it is tragic that
one of the victims down Stan just died
in hospital we convey our condolences to
the family we have the statements from
Salisbury hospital from mr. Wilkinson
and he said that the second victim
Charlie Rolly regained consciousness and
we hope that his feeling will be
successful we would like to clarify the
reasons and we hope that the
investigations will be conducted in a in
an impartial way and the responsible
will be held to account and as for the
propaganda by British authorities won't
be damaging for the investigation now we
see new fakes some facts that are
groundless by the British authorities
and these information fill the media and
is modeling the whole situation around
the case we believe that it is
inadmissible to hear this statement by
number of political positions in Great
Britain to promote their own political
interests for example the statement by
four British foreign minister who said
that Russia committed and attacked on
the on the total of Great Britain that
rather store because Kimmy led to the
death of a British citizen we admit that
the wrong good words positive words and
it is a good thing but on the other hand
how a defense minister a politician make
statements regarding the facts regarding
the incident the investigation of which
has not been commenting publicly and
especially in the situation when there
were no facts and no reasons to make
some statements on the case and
especially to comment the results to
speak about the results of the
investigation and it all shows the
biased approach chosen by the British my
Gibbs made a statement that
assassination of the murder of a British
citizen is a result of the use of a
chemical nerve agent produced by the
Russian state there is no a single word
that would be true and British police
spoke about murder
didn't they I never heard it the
assassination the murder was a result of
use of nerve agent produced in Russia no
one never proved it and the fact that we
saw later were later recalled and we
remember that the tweets were removed
despite all the facts the absence of the
facts we hear these statements from
mistakes Gibbs and he previously
participated in targeting Russian media
invade Britain and we are not surprised
but at the same time they are clear
evidence of the propaganda that is now
ongoing in London around Salisbury case
and now
about Amesbury case this propaganda
campaign was launched at full range for
example former correspondent of The
Guardian Luke Harding's famous for his
massive anti-russian publications and he
said that indifference to collateral
damages is one of the hallmarks of the
Putin regime and its territorial
operations this is a fake first of all
and this is a fake in the framework of
the particular created by London
political campaign and this is an
example of agonda please all references
Oh quotes - about the tweet that was
done you can have a look at this we
didn't invent anything here another
thing that the deaths as a result of not
urgent news shows that the the death
shows that a Russian president is not
involved in this case and this is just
nonsense
how could anyone say anything like that
so it shows that British media are ready
to disseminate any news which has no
grounds no confirmation just to
participate in a began the campaign
another example maybe it is not the best
one tabloids mirror started to Justin
and panic among the population saying
that the publishing the instruction of
how to heal from the victims from
Thaksin and another person who is
keeping silence is Prime Minister of
Great Britain to resume on the 5th of
July she made a statement in
Amesbury but she spoke about Salisbury
trees they will know the rabbits
accusations against Russia but speaking
about Salisbury instead of Amesbury
shows clearly who she was targeting her
speech against and it is clear and
understandable and we know the
consequences it takes time to
investigate the case considering that
the poisoning in Salisbury and Amesbury
are still not clear and the results are
still received just from the media the
information which is given is
contradictory and is scarce and it makes
the situation even worse it complicates
and confuses everything the samples from
the new victims were submitted to put
him down just on the 2nd of July then
there was the statement that the
poisoning was was Nova choked and then
they will appear the news that the two
incidents has not have no connection and
so there are many questions just because
the propaganda campaign is ongoing and
this propaganda campaign disseminates a
lot of fake news does not provide
official versions of what really
happened so there were a lot of examples
we're not going to go deeply into the
details which is like to remind that
Russian repeatedly as British side to
conduct a joint investigation of the
poisoning so-called
poisoning of Sergey and Julia's creeper
but received no answer all proposals by
Russian side were we
used by the British authorities and I
would like to say that it's for our
school pals case the Foreign Office
received around sixty diplomatic notes
asking to provide Russia with the access
to the victims and the requests to
provide legal assistance and the
proposal to cooperate and to conduct
joint investigation the British
authorities left it without answer they
gave eyes the information showing as if
Russia were refusing from calculation I
think that we can easily publish all the
documents that I have just mentioned and
I think that we will do this in the near
future the Russian proposal to jointly
cooperate and to deal was British law
enforcement agency is still in force and
maybe it is today that London has hope
even a vague one to start real
investigation of the cases we see
conscious statements people ask
questions we receive letters from the
English from British people about the
reliability of the accusations against
Russia we see a lot of them in the
social networks of those people who
trust or do not trust the news in
British medium now there are such
questions and news about Amesbury case
receive dozens of letters from the
British side from the people excusing
asking to excuse the British authorities
I would like also to note that we are
always surprised to hear from the
British side about propaganda campaign
launched by the Russian side on script
powers case and
Sol's burry and the case in Amesbury we
comment only the thing that you were
starting to claim and we did not add
anything from ourselves and now let's
get to the facts about British
propaganda and its financial support in
the context of media and social networks
which is a forceful tool to affect
public opinion and it has become even
more important in the world we're
speaking here about social networks and
the materials that are being published
on the international arena for example
British authorities use social networks
for anti Russian propaganda and they did
for they've been doing it for a long
time it is not a secret
they spend around 8 million pounds on a
Russian language program that provides
Russians suffering from misinformation
Russian misinformation they provide
access to reliable information and spend
8 million pounds on it the contract is
confidential and among them to raise
company breakthrough media moreover 77th
army brigade of the royal forces is
dealing with this this is agony zation
was created in 2015 and Russia in
British military and strategic documents
is the main enemy and another
organization is the government
communications headquarters responsible
for covered online observations among
which according to WikiLeaks
is misinformation through social
networks public opinion in Russia and
abroad is being affected and we are
concerned about this fact we remember
about concerns expressed by US Congress
and European Union and the separation of
the representative of Facebook of mr.
Zuckerberg and who asked such questions
from prominent Aryans but London doesn't
share the desire of Facebook
representatives to cooperate with such
organizations and they do not respond on
the availability of a politically biased
materials and about the contractors such
as BBC our attempts to contact
personally was the contractors with BBC
were refused and the similar attempts of
Russian of the Russian side to start
some kind of contact with Facebook
employers employees failed and our
diplomats just had to leave the office
by media
we have regularly commented the plans of
the Polish Institute of national memory
to put away local pub from the local
public space memorials of gratitude to
the Red Army we critically assess the
situation and we call the Polish
authorities to comply with international
obligations that provide for the
preservation and maintenance of all
monuments and most memorable sites
without any exception
in line with the treaty between the
Russian Federation the Republic of
Poland on friendly relations and good
neighborly relations signed on the 22nd
of May 1992 and the treaty on the
intergovernmental cooperation in culture
science and education sign or the 25th
of August 1993 and the treaty on burial
sites and sites honoring the memory of
victims of rules and repression signed
on the 22nd of February 1994 this
document doesn't provide any any other
category of memorials that are located
beyond the burial sites and therefore
any attempts to remove such memorial
sites are illegal we share the concerns
of Russian or russian-speaking
communities nor were the cynical
behavior of the Polish authorities over
this sensitive matter we proceed from
the idea that the Soviets the Soviet
memorial sites were erected in order to
honor the place and the special events
of the that's who they should be located
at the place they were located at the
moment receive the questions concerning
the expanding of the personal assistance
office of the OSCE chairperson in office
I remind you that in the summit on the
nagorno-karabakh indiana's in Petersburg
the president's office herbage and
Romania discussed in 2016 steps to
stabilize situation in the conflict area
and to create an atmosphere that will
help to promote the peaceful process and
within this means they agreed to
increase number of international
observers in the conflict area this team
was discussed in the recent contacts
particularly between the foreign
ministers of zhurba John an Armenian
crack in the beginning of 2018
they have discs they have reached a
principled understanding
number of additional observers and the
place of location but there is no
definitive solution on that because
there there is new leadership in there
Romania but soon there will be first
consultations between ministries between
ministers and we hope that we'll see
meetings which will discuss a wide range
of nagorno-karabakh conflict including
the topic of observers now I'm ready to
answer your questions if you have any
yes please thank you mr. Herrara leading
Hajj CNN
first question I have a question about
summit in NATO there was a meeting in
NATO where they review - the visit of
Donald Trump so and Donald Trump we
decide summit in NATO so what's the
assessment of the ministry in the
conflict between them - we see that some
of the experts are not very intensive or
- the statements made by American
officials mr. Trump has expressed his
attitude and opinion about the alliance
actually he was voice he has been
voicing all that when he was a
presidential candidate so it happened
even before and he was writing about it
in his books it strange that I comment
that and it strange that you don't know
that but in his books well not two years
ago it was 10 years ago he was writing
about it so there is nothing strange
nothing new nothing to be surprised
about so it happened before the NATO
summit it happened - he voiced all this
things before the presidential elections
so we don't see anything new about this
this visit the attitude of the NATO
member state do the all to all the
aspects of the organization but we were
surprised that this statements of Donald
Trump were met was surprised and it
happened now but again the statements
were made before globally the position
of Donald Trump as a president and as a
businessman in nature particularly on
the participation of the United States
in NATO
it differs it's well it's it's
distinguished with its principal
position and allow me to make some
specifications concerning what you said
about Washington Post journalist you
said that no one knows her yes it's true
I know her I know how she works in
Russia how she worked in Afghanistan and
I think that she's a professional and I
don't think so and I think that if a
person writes about things in which he
is not a professional then he's not a
professional if this person writes that
Russians are not don't get you are not
used to the ethnical diversity it's not
true I'm not saying that this is a
disrespect for the people with whom you
leave with whom you work but in this
building at this Tribune I can say to
you that when you say that Russians are
not used to ethnic diversity it's
unprofessional you know when I said that
we don't know her I said that six months
ago at that time that person wrote that
for a foreign journalist it's very
difficult to work in Russia I know you
you'll visit our briefings you send
requests to us you have a response to
what we are saying and to what we
publish and I don't know her personally
and went
who wrote that article she wrote that
for foreign policy she said that it's
very difficult for a foreign journalist
to work here we decided to conduct a
poll among a hundred of foreign
journalists if it was difficult for them
to work here we actually published all
that we published the results of this
polls and we asked this journalist if
they knew her maybe she talked with them
about it but she didn't talked with them
they didn't know her I know that you
know her because you read her materials
your colleagues it's okay you're working
together
it's very okay that you're coming from
the one country and you're working here
together but we don't know her and we
know about her due to the materials that
she published in this media and this are
not single examples of a strange
attitude of journalists to their work I
would like to remind you that our
country the multi-ethnic country our
people they don't coexist they live
together in peace and in friendly
atmosphere they respect each other they
have different cultures different
religions and you cannot just insult our
people you cannot say that Russians are
not gets used not used to ethnic
diversity it's unprofessional
my personal stance about that is quite
Richard and Todd I think that such
discussions they an attempt to deep into
nationalist discussions when you allow
yourself to make such statements again
we haven't received any requests from
these journalists we haven't received
any honor requests from France when we
made a request to her where are you mrs.
Amy only after that she phoned us she
called us again I repeat we're not going
oversee that Oh have you have you read
her articles sometimes just read it if
you didn't read her materials you will
be very surprised and if you think that
we paid attention to this article just
because it's our work it's not true
Russian journalists contacted me and
said who is she who that woman who
allows herself to write such things is
she real journalists I know how I don't
know how she worked in Afghanistan but I
know how she works in Russia so by
saying that Russians are not used to
death NIC diversity what is she talking
about our people traveling around the
globe they base different places with
tourists calls they know what what is
what the ethnic diversity is doesn't you
know that Russia is a multi-ethnic State
doesn't she know that Russians are
traveling around the globe they know
about Middle East Mexico Africa I have a
lot of questions about her
professionalism actually I don't have
any questions already but I would like
to be ethical here and just want to say
that I still have some questions but to
be honest I don't have any questions but
I would like to take into account this
remark
I would like to observe her work because
I think that she's doing it deliberately
and if she's doing it's this
deliberately then it's clear propaganda
by saying that Russians for the first
time is seeing foreigners
it's foreigners who for the first time
visiting Russia in open Russia for
themselves yes please but you are the
true gentleman I would be very happy if
someone would protect me like you're
protecting any I would like to finish
these are true in really these are
incorrect articles because this is work
carried out by editors and journalists I
that she have changed the media before
she worked with world policy now she
works full Washington parks but I would
like to mention another thing the United
States everything they say about Russia
all this is resulted in two political
decisions and when they make these
decisions they make references to mass
media so why don't we have right to pay
attention to such things because such
articles serve as a justification for
taking actions against Russia and also
we are well aware of the fact that the
United States are waging an information
war against Russia and also the United
States always talk about some Russian
propaganda but what did this how can you
write such things how can you write such
far-fetched things which have nothing to
do with the reality these are just
humiliating and insulting things for the
Russian people just imagine that you
would ride this about Canada imagine you
would ride this about some other state
who is not who is also a multi-ethnic
country could you write this about China
and why can you write this about Russia
no you cannot write about this and we'll
continue to talk about this if we wing
if we need to at the meeting with the
ukrainian President Petro poroshenko
Donald Trump well actually it's not a
quotation that's what the German sources
say Donald Trump said that if Allies
won't increase the military spending by
the two percent of the
I'll do it myself that's what he said as
I believe but since German sources
provided this quotation maybe Donald
Trump hint it and try and tried to say
that the United States will probably
withdraw from NATO and that's what was
written by the German sources is it
possible but can you withdraw from the
organization that you set up yourself
I do not provide an answer to your
question we all understand and we don't
conceal it that we're concerned by the
NATO goals because they have nothing to
do with the reality with the real
circumstances like we are concerned by
the materials posted by Miss Amy it's
untrue when it's not true when NATO
leadership says that they're going to
protect States from the Russian
aggression just one reason for that
there is no Russian aggression we
understand that there are huge money
sent to NATO there are legal goals
around this organization this is a big
game and we understand that these big
games harms the international security
which everyone is mentioned we also
understand that this is a blow against
the democracy a democracy preached by
the NATO because we see that by using
native instruments they intervene into
domestic affairs of other states they
make threatening statements they make
statements to provoke conflicts between
state
so again this this is all the attempts
to destabilize the station in there is
continents if they're all committed to
democracy don't they think about the
blow that they take against the
democracy
so as for the NATO Russia has nothing to
do with it why not state member of NATO
we understand it we need to maintain a
dialogue with NATO we have a special
body for that Council Russian Nader
until it was frozen by the lines itself
so they trauma they have frozen the
cooperation with Russia so it's the NATO
itself who has done it so these are
internal questions but we're totally we
are absolutely concerned by the
situation in NATO particularly when I
talking about the the creation of
instabilities in the entire world yes
please mr. Herrara internal exif
Estonian TV I would like to answer to
ask you a question there was information
that the press conference Donald Trump
Donald Trump was answering a question
about his negotiations with Vladimir
Putin the question was is he going to
propose to vitomir Putin to stop all all
the actions of Russia in the Balkans and
actually this created a nervous reaction
in our countries among our journalists
nervous reaction what do you mean you
want some military drills you don't
Mildred
you don't want for military drills I
guess oh because our countries you NATO
as a guarantee of security against
Russian aggression
now Donald Trump says that we're going
to stop such drills after his meeting
with Kim Shannon there was the dawn from
statement on the suspension of military
drills with South Korean South Chinese
see what's your comment on that I cannot
comment statements that were not made
this is the third question about these
statements that allegedly took place I
know I have no idea if such statements
were made and the next thing I'm not a
secretary of Donald Trump this is so
it's my answer to you is journalists
always ask me about statements made by
their president again we're talking
about the question of Russian aggression
we're not talking about military trails
we're talking about the statements of
the American president but it seems to
me that we are talking about the
aggression of Russia this is the main
passage excuse but there is no such
aggression it was made up in order to
carry out military drills to increase
your military potential near the Russian
borders but it's all carried out by
lobbyists in order to provide more money
to provide more investments to the
Russells of bureaucracy so it would if
would return to the essence of your
question there is no Russian threat it's
not real it just exists to govern
people's politicians political forces
and just to have one explanation of
what's going on the concern of the
concentration of military forces
concentration of equipment near the
Russian borders the involvement of
countries into this stranger beauties
deviation of attention from real threats
like migration terrorism and so on and
so forth again this is a virtual story
that was made up
Rustom
good afternoon my dears but new Colonus
burrito have to ask you about a
president Trump oh you're not his spoke
person but and I'll quote we speak about
to the statement mr. Trump that
Germany's a hostage of Russia and is
being controlled by Russia and he said
that Germany's paying billions of
dollars at Russia and we are protecting
this country against from Russia and now
after that he turned about gas and the
millions of dollars are coming to Russia
and that Germany is being controlled in
total control of Russia
how could you comment on such state such
a statement there are two aspects that
are quite weird Donald Trump is being
deemed as a international professionally
no no businessman it's actually natural
that Russia supplies goods and then
gains the money this is a common
phenomenon and we solid a reliable
supplier of natural resources to many
countries including Germany and onward
energy cooperation is where European
countries has lasted for many years and
despite about the changes in their
geopolitical arena of the European
contact continent in recent decade this
not eastburns
the quality of our projects and
reliability of our supplier
this part is still perfect this is not
my assessment is assessment of the
Europeans yeah so
the quality of the products and quality
deals make Russia gain money this is
perfect and the second thing about the
control over Germany I'd like to remind
you that according to the open sources
data 2016-2017 what's a key slimmest
America the number yes servicemen in
Germany is about 35,000 people so this
is about the question of who is
controlling of the Germany we have a
business with Germany and us has
military bases in this country
yes place so the question is the
following whether anything has changed
in the position of Russia regarding
course count the statement of our tachi
had a conversation and work at the
Ministry Minister for Russian Federation
and asked him to cooperate in this way
our position has remained unchanged I
would like to ask you a question about
the food well the creation is famous not
only in why he's playing for his words
and I would like to
the official comment about the Foreign
Minister of Russian Federation regarding
this situation I do not have any grounds
you know to comment on this because this
was not comment was not only one who
apologized but many creation citizens
also said that it was not appropriate to
raise this football political topic
football and Paul political pairs two
different things and we heard everything
that was said by the Croatian side by
the people we heard we heard also the
statement away with the apologist man
and we just call them not clever you
sleep as well to show universe could I
let me ask you another question like to
ask about the expulsion of Russian
diplomats from Greece change expulsion
whether it will influence bilateral
relations or not we believe that such
things are the things function itself
our diplomats that they have murder
consequences and they do not give
impetus to bilateral relations but we
also believe that these relations I have
their own value because we're not
speaking about virtual but relations but
rather practical ties between the
peoples of the two countries NATO summit
well start America
said that Georgia had achieved great
progress in aligning with the NATO
standards and said that the day would
come when this country would be a member
of the Alliance but Russia has
repeatedly stated that that run
correctly when it is on the verge of
joining underneath it it would be a red
line can you say that the Ryan lying
light line is closed now we've said that
joining the Alliance of those countries
that members of it canal but influence
of a home picture security in the
European continent and would have its
own consequences it refers not only to
Georgia but it is our principal position
and I've given an interview to ask and
in idea
Scandinavian VN carpet media Albert why
Russia were to have consequences because
one change happening on the one side
would happen on the other side it's a
natural process that's it
mr. Fehmi and topics relating Russia
secretary-general for their lives enter
weather man could structure the
cooperation we've spoken about the
we discussed it many times on different
levels as they political isolation
phrases coming from the article of Miss
Emmy from Washington Post she said that
after years of Russian a so isolated you
just can have a look at the our foreign
minister share do and events happening
Russia and in which Russia is taking a
short the international organizations so
that's a would be a demonstration of our
isolation it has become obvious that
isolation could not be reached by simple
calls and countries started to create
such artificial isolation which is being
achieved by solidarity and the isolation
doesn't exist now enter the Crimean
topic is closed and pitiful persons on
on the hat at the head of international
organizations do not take pains to
analyze the issue of Crimea and only use
political slogans you can speak that
several years have passed and
politicians follow their own traditional
way Crimea but I like to somehow develop
on the back of she no leader and first
law candidate for the presidency you
lady mashenka claimed that she had found
a way to return as premier to its strong
army and at the negotiation in Budapest
format how would you comment on that
as for the strong army not command
because any stage development it was
potential capacity the question is how
to use such forces and Ukraine is using
them against its own population without
going into much details whether it is
strong or not it does not render
positive results to cream as from the
statement of mashenka referring to the
Budapest commanded many times it was
done by our foreign minister maybe we
should do it today do it in a new way as
far as this topic was raised I actually
wanted her to take a more profound look
at the situation glories I choose
Sabrina preserve the structure in the
city with chronic sin if we speak about
could be incited regular by the
Ukrainian authorities and by the
supporters Karen guarantees of the
territorial integrity of the Budapest
memorandum it is title integrity of
Ukraine in relation to the teeth treaty
and Russia is not violating this and
this memorandum is not illegally
obliging liquor binding this document
which was so science the obligations
whether the principles of independence
and sovereignty twice them for
self-defense
finally the principles of inviolability
of the borders and the principles of
sovereignty also establishes the right
to self-determination of the people's
basic international we should deem them
to be related and every principle should
be perceived in connection with other
principles principles decided by the
Declaration about the stage respecting
the principles of equality and
self-determination whether the
government's representing the whole
people population notwithstanding at the
race of the year
all of the skin such this part of the
texture is being overlooked but actually
it exists that had taken place after my
done college we can hardly the authority
valid in Crimea because the who was
carried out and it was without the
external influence of the government
that came to power after that
represented Crimea how could it be the
bility of the borders that cannot be
qualified 1941 the European Union
adopted principles of the state where
the right of determination is the basis
of were creating such things so they
interpret the interpretation of this
principle was confirmed during the
period of assistant Soviet Union of
Yugoslavia and this was recognized also
by the the United States and nobody now
can remember can remember that the
integrity
Westy violated our boys the unofficial
authorities who as you know is a
memorandum a statement yes Russian
Federation in the UK where they were
obliged to fight extremists politically
and console this negative trends not
allowed to separation and the dependence
of Crimea this is why the starting point
which are led to the separation part
from here doesn't inversion Russia's
obligation to leave Crimea in the
territory of like to also to Thursday
questions to parties of the threat be
taken sanctions how can we treat the
presence of show authorities of special
services in the Maidan statement these
authorities could be reckoned but that
constitutional procedures not complied
with we're just analyzing what happened
in 2013-2014 and all these facts
we have no shame here in Bahia Principe
they like demonstration of the violation
of the principles of Independence I'd
like to remind these two Eurasian
mashenka answer to the question
political political leaders who referred
to the Budapest term in Miranda we
should not refer to one clauses
overlooking other clauses that is
interrelated and they are clearly
defined in the documentary do you have
any other questions good evening Russia
today I have a question regarding
Facebook you have been commenting on
this issue probably it would give me a
more than Facebook so and soand 65,000
Russians as politically biased and is it
legal can we count this actions as
interference in our internal affairs I
saw this topic it is about the algorithm
of targeting targeted advertising the
issue is becoming more and more
interesting and it can be discussed on a
special forum and I will be glad to
participate in participate in such a
discussion because the situation reminds
like our world's topiaries about
categorization of people in this case as
I understand it is about the thing that
when writing a post of promoting
money the users that use such ourselves
like read books love movies and these
people can be labeled as
subject to Tracy me and now we read that
the administrators of the social
networks remove this category after
especial requests requests from the
users and I would like to quote Guardian
that in their article on this topic from
the 11th of July published the position
that this could be done by the
authorities to track the potential
traders and people are laughing and
Guardian is just published to publish
this news and vacation we can say that
publishing is a good source for
entertainment the people who are subject
depends upon web system vision
stochastic oneness TV subscription
so as for about the illegal actions by
trade and by Facebook in terms of
protecting citizens this is not the
responsibility of the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs it is rather the concern
of the Ministry of Communications and I
think that in general these acts are
just disgusting such disgusting and
those who understand that the targeting
is about a girl about the target and
people are becoming those targets and
they're being followed they're being
tracked
somebody is hunting them and we are all
targets I gave my comment on this and I
think that it is a topic that should be
carefully followed and the public
opinion is important in this case next
question please Sophia from sepra
I have two questions about who is to
blame and what we should do
can we expect this 2+2 meeting and this
week the second visit of mr. Li Xian
from you'll see any issue on the second
question I don't have any comments as
for about 2+2 meeting we can expect that
in the near future it will take place
and it is under way the work is ongoing
and for the moment I cannot give you
more details yes please
news reporter on the 11th of July mr.
Bogdanov met with a delegation of the
the front of Liberation of Palestine and
could you comment on the practical role
of the Minister of Foreign Affairs in
resolving the conflict you are mixing
two topics maybe it subconsciously maybe
you did it on purpose but there is an
idea and such a complicated wording of
this question as you call if connected
with rumours about the deal of the
century by Washington and we welcome all
plans and programs that confirms that
could lead the situation from the
stalemate but we proceed from the fact
that those plans shouldn't make the
situation worse
of put it fixes a stalemate for forever
unfortunately in the situation that is
ongoing around this deal of the century
as acquiring the nature of being just a
rumours rather than a thing that would
bring stability and because of this
rumour is around this issue we cannot
understand the actions of the
administration of the US
like removing the replacing of the
embassy to another place or promotion of
the steps I had and our work is to
maintain regular contacts with all sides
you can read statements on this issue we
publish them and decode to all parties
even while reviewing possible plans
possible operations based on the
available legal basis and it's quite a
big legal basis of which contains
decisions and second to do all our best
to avoid the further degradation of the
situation and to avoid the stalemate so
the contacts meetings negotiations the
active diplomatic work and our views and
developments on this issue to take
extreme measures just to calm down the
situation when it is so this is what we
do to be sahi quite there are just few
days left before Helsinki summit mr.
lebryk summation about the questions
that are going to be discussed between
premier Putin and Donald Trump do you
have any additional information about
the and what Russia expects from the
summit taking into account new
agreements of Sergei Lavrov messed with
my compare everything that have been
said is still the same we have no
additional information on this usually
I'm not running ahead
but in this case we understand that
maybe tomorrow detailed interview of the
Minister will be given about the summit
and we will really notify you about all
the available information and about the
interview that is going to take place if
you have no more questions and say
goodbye now one more question yes please
you have mentioned the interview what is
the interview is planned are you from
Russia today you would a lot you were
the Russians yes about the interview we
are going to to notify you later and as
soon as we have the information
available we'll provide it to you thank
you very much good bye
