ladies and gentlemen dear friends
colleagues dear guests I heartily
welcome you to st. Petersburg thank you
very much for showing interest in the
work of the st. Petersburg International
Economic Forum such meetings as these
are traditional now this is a unique
format where you can communicate with
each other because I do not think that
your busy schedule provides any time for
you to meet and it also gives me the
opportunity to listen to you for me to
formulate our position on the key issues
the fundamental issues which are of
interest to you as well you have heard
my statement at the plenary session of
the forum you heard the statements of my
colleagues the agenda is clear Russia's
position is also clear so I suggest that
with no further ado we move on to our
discussions two questions two answers to
your comments or my comments so that our
meeting today would be productive and
useful so that's it thank you for your
attention let's start thank you very
much mr. president for finding the time
you've said everything in your
introductory remarks so let's get down
to business as per tradition we had no
women at the table but we have a woman
here today rather than medicine from
Bloomberg
and John McWade was a moderator of the
session and he did a great job so now
over to Bloomberg Rosaleen thank you my
question actually is about OPEC and oil
Russia and Saudi are in talks about an
easing off of the OPEC plus Jeff start
again thank you Russia and Saudi are in
talks about the potential easing off of
the OPEC plus agreement that caps output
I'm curious as to why that is is that
because all prices are too high is it
because the US president has been
pressing OPEC or a combination of that
I'm wondering also what is a preferred
price for oil for Russia and if I might
be so cheeky as to asked a very quick
second question will you tell us here
today that you will indeed step down at
the end of your next term thank you
let's start with your last question I
stick to the constitution of the Russian
Federation and in the Constitution it is
written that you can have no more than
two consecutive terms so no more than
two terms and this is my second term as
you remember I was president twice
before that and then I left the position
because the Constitution didn't provide
for me to be re-elected and I want to
stick to this regulation as well I guess
I answered your first question and as
for your other question we have business
like and constructive relationships
when it comes to cooperation with the
OPEC countries first and foremost Saudi
Arabia we cooperate in the energy sector
there are a lot of issues that we can
resolve together and we have made the
decision to restrict oil production
against the backdrop of very low and
unfair oil prices and when the price
reached $60 per barrel like 60 or just
over $60 it was in our opinion a
well-balanced price it was enough for us
to forecast the necessary investment and
to make those investments everything
beyond that might cause issues for the
consumers and the producers did not want
that to happen
that is why the search we are observing
today this price surge on the one hand
it will benefit Russia's budget our gold
reserves are increasing and over the
last year the surplus of the trade
turnover stood at 130 billion dollars
this is positive that is true but on the
other hand we understand that our
competitors are also increasing their
capacities especially shale oil
producers in the United States they take
up a special niche on the market
we have nothing against that because
this oil is mostly on the American
market but we do not want to have this
endless increase in prices for
commodities and if you ask me what price
the weakens consider a just price a fair
price just or not we were quite ok with
$60 per barrel that was not an easy task
to negotiate the positions of all of the
negotiations process with regards to
quantitative reductions in oil
production this was not easy to talk
with all of our partners especially
considering that Iran had to cut its oil
production and they wanted to have
exclusive growth when it comes to all
production exclusive increase but in the
end we've managed to find to strike a
proper balance which was such a
secretary for everyone and the result
was positive for everyone even before
President Trump's decision to pull out
from the Iran deal we've been talking
with our partners in Saudi Arabia to
continue consultations but we also
talked about the need to take into
account what the situation in the global
market is I'm talking about oil reserves
which were eaten up so to say by the
world economy were talking about the
increase in consumption we took all
those factors into consideration and we
will continue our consultations to be
honest we did not plan to keep all our
previous agreements in full so there's
nothing unusual about that we keep
working and we'll keep working just like
we have decided before and still what
will come next well practice will show
a lot will depend on whether the ayran
deal would stand and how it will affect
their global energy market we believe
that the global energy market is well
balanced there there is no surplus now
observed and it should be just and any
artificial restrictions caused by
geopolitical strategies will not benefit
the global economy they only harmed the
global economy this year mr. Putin we
hold the global Council of Go Media
Council
we've had five congresses up to now and
this council is carried by mr. Marshall
who also is the head of Press
Association which is the leading English
agency which liberated is one hundred
and fiftieth anniversary and 29 good
relations and your question mr.
president and the UK government has
blamed Russia for the poisoning of the
script house in Salisbury sparking the
expulsion of 150 diplomats from nearly
30 countries and severely impacting the
relations with the West and the head of
Britain's mi5 Agency says your officials
have put together a put forward 30
different theories for what happened to
the scribbles and he even accused the
Kremlin of their face lines mr.
president given your experience and your
time in the KGB what do you think is the
most implausible explanation for what
happened to the scrip holes and the
poisoning um and what steps can you and
the UK prime minister Teresa may take to
start to rebuild the relationship and
the trust between Russia and the UK
stochasticity no sub-region as for this
very unfortunate event
we've talked a lot about it in the past
the most objective explanation the most
plausible explanation can be given as a
result of a fara investigation and the
joint investigation I would like to
highlight that from the very outset we
have suggested that they should work on
this investigation together but as
you're well aware Britain said no and
the UK undertook its own investigation
it was announced that this poisoning if
it actually was a poisoning was done by
a military great agent and I would like
to reiterate that I am NOT an expert on
those military-grade toxic agents but if
such substance is used then the victims
died immediately
they died once right on the spot but
this was not the case likely and
surcease grip on the his daughter are
alive they are out of hospital now and
as we've seen recently on TV his
daughter looks fine so thank God
everyone is alive everyone as well so to
say that a military great agent was used
it's not possible and if it is the case
then it casts doubt on everything that
has been said by the UK from the outset
how can we find a way out of this
situation either we can have a fair and
objective investigation or we should
just stop talking about that because
they do not lead to anything other than
an exacerbation of other relationships
Thank You mr. Lewis talk now we're
moving on to the East our longtime
partners and our friends the rapidly
developing news media which works in all
of the imaginable news formats on in 15
languages Sinha Agency China they take
part in this meeting for the first time
mister - Oh
- you don't yeah - honey that's the mr.
president I would like to congratulate
you on your reelection our relationships
under the guidance of President Xi
Jinping and under your leadership keep
developing and are at the historic
historically high level and very soon
you are going to come with an official
visit to China and you're going to take
part in the s.o.s CEO summit and I would
like to ask during your term how can you
possibly continue the development of the
russian chinese strategic partnerships
partnership and cooperation including
such issues as integration of EurAsEC
and one belt one Road initiative and in
cinder you will take part in the SCO
summit so what are your expectations of
the summit thank you very much
there is no need to give my assessments
of the very high level of the Russia
Chinese partnership we talk about the
privileged strategic partnership that
this is indeed the case we have a proper
cooperation plan in place and we want to
expand our cooperation further as for
cooperation in politics I believe that
the latest decisions taken at their
communistic party congress create firm
groundwork for further strengthening of
russia chinese relationships because
they make our relationships more stable
and create the proper conditions for us
to forecast and to plan in the short
term and in the long term
this is a major factor in Russian
Chinese relationships that's the first
thing I wanted to say in the second is
when it comes to practicum plantasia set
out specific measures to deepen our
cooperation in a variety of economic
sectors China is Russia's largest trade
partner more this ratio Nova stands at
more than 86 billion dollars and we will
come going to develop further and maybe
we will reach 100 billion dollars per
year or or more it is great that we see
diversification and better structure of
the trade turnover between our countries
and last year the trade structure saw
the increase in volume of supplies of
machinery to the Chinese market from
Russian companies now it's more than 9%
and this trend is ongoing and we are
happy to see that we are working more
and more actively in high-tech and China
and Russia both has something to offer
to each other we are working on the
investments as well China is one of the
largest investors in Russian economy
they are also a reliable partner and
under the leadership of President Xi
Jinping a number of major projects have
been implemented and without his support
it would not be possible and those
project will benefit the development of
Russian and Chinese economies I'm
talking about energy sector hydrocarbons
nuclear energy
our first steps on the path to renewable
energy
this is machinery space industry and I
guess that we can make additional steps
on this path to cooperate in space
exploration we're talking about aircraft
industry and of course agriculture we
hope that we'll be able to boost
production and invest in this area and
we will actively work on each other's
markets now finally regional cooperation
it's getting more and more
multi-dimensional we expand
infrastructure we are building bridges
and roads we are establishing direct
connections between the people in the
region and between China and Russia in
regions close to Chinese border we have
a very promising future and we will work
to tap into them well you should let no
one else well it was for one more guest
of ours this is now a tradition this
meeting Korean Philips
