president races Confederacy Vladimir
Putin president Francis Kerry's public
key Emmanuel macron premier ministre
Pony sins Oh Abba the mysterious Aditi
Rokita general Narus public a one
session director espera detail miss
Denard novotn√° more Fonda Christine
Lagarde moderator primer namazi sadhana
John Michael tweet President of the
Russian Federation Vladimir Putin
president of the French Republic
Emmanuel macron Prime Minister of Japan
Shinzo Abe a vice president of the
People's Republic of China
Vanka Shang managing director of the
International Monetary Fund Christine
Lagarde moderator of the plenary session
Don nickles wait
president races Confederacy Vladimir
Putin president Francis carries public a
Emmanuel macron premier ministre a pony
Shinzo Abe a the mr. president a recce
tsk narodny Res Publica
one session director espera detail miss
do not know Vietnam or Fonda christine
lagarde President of the Russian
Federation Vladimir Putin president of
the French Republic Emmanuel macron
Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe a
vice president of the People's Republic
of China van ki Shang managing director
of the International Monetary Fund
Christine Lagarde moderator plane
research from John Michaels wait thank
you very much it is a great pleasure to
be here this is as I think you can all
see an extraordinary panel I think we
have roughly a third of the world's GDP
we have maybe a quarter of its
population but there with Madame Lagarde
here we can perhaps claim we have a
hundred percent I have searched in vain
to find a panel that includes as many
world leaders on one panel even if you
look at it from an Asian perspective it
is very rare to find the leaders of such
leaders from China Japan and Russia in
one room I think the coming together is
a tribute to mr. Putin's energy and
powers of persuasion but it may also
just be a sign of Donald Trump's unique
ability to bring people together
would without him although he could be
he likes surprises and he often changes
the format is that each of the panelists
will come up and deliver some brief
opening remarks and then we will have a
discussion between all of us the aim is
for the first remarks to be relatively
brief so we can have a full and frank
discussion afterwards the first panelist
to talk is our host the president of the
Russian Federation Vladimir Putin
Oh Jamie distinguished mr. micron mr.
Abbey Madame Lagarde mr. Kishan ladies
and gentlemen dear friends I am glad to
welcome you here in Russia at the 22nd
st. Petersburg International Economic
Forum such meetings in st. Petersburg
have become a good tradition and we
highly value this atmosphere of trust
and openness which permeates the forum
just recently on the margins we've been
exchanging our impressions as to how the
forum works and Madame Lagarde just
mentioned how she was surprised by this
positive atmosphere in such a discussion
such an informal conversation is
especially important today when the
system of international political
economic and trade relations undergoes a
serious stress test and the conditions
for conducting business for investments
the very day-to-day life is changing
dynamically the quality the resilience
the nature in the speed of global
economic growth is defined to a greater
degree nowadays by new competences and
skills the advanced technologies and
communications which up until recently
it has been hard to imagine those who
can efficiently use this growth factors
would ensure a leap economically
socially scientific and educational even
will help to boost the quality of life
we have marked these goals as national
priorities and very soon the newly
formed government in Russia will
transform into the specific programs of
actions national projects and legal
incentives they need to allocate the
required resources as well in our
development we will proceed from our
human creative and human resources
capital we are ready to learn and to
adapt the best practices around the
globe
and of course use our own successful
experience of resolving the most complex
struck
tasks we will proceed from our national
interests this is natural for any
sovereign state but our interests can be
advanced differently as they are around
the globe you can either ignore others
or respect the position of your partners
we understand that the modern world is
very much interconnected and their
countries are interdependent and each
state including the world's leading
power bear the blunt of colossal
responsibility for our common future and
Russia is part of the global economy we
actively take part in integrational
projects we are also a major influence
on energy food and other markets our
country and our companies are very
deeply involved into international trade
finance and industrial ties that is why
we are following attentively what
economic technological social growth
strategies are to be implemented in
other countries and undoubtedly we are
not impartial as to what global trends
will pan out in long term up until
recently the global development was
based on two pillars first that's the
freedom of interpretation trade and
investment it is enshrined in the rules
adopted by the players on the
international arena and secondly there
is aliens and predictability of these
rules which is supported by very very
clear legal mechanisms based on these
values in principles the global economy
despite the recognized problems has
managed to achieve impressive results to
put on the development track the
overwhelming majority of the
international players the majority of
countries however today we do not see
the erosion regrettably we see the true
demolition of those principles the
system of multilateral cooperation built
over decades instead of a natural needed
evolution is now being broken
roughly broken the neuro nowadays is to
break the rules market openness and
honest competitiveness is pushed out
withdrawals restrictions and sanctions
you can apply different terms but the
essence is the same
there are now an official tool of trade
policy for many countries in other
states just have to adapt to that to
respond to use mirror measures I would
like to draw your attention to one very
poignant fact just recently every
meeting of the leaders of the g20 or
other summits ended in a joint statement
on the non introduction of new
protectionist barriers indeed these
statements did not have any legal force
but new barriers in trade are still
being erected today we cannot even
decide on even such symbolic steps to be
taken another example they decrease in
the speed of new agreements on free
trade this process started some five or
seven years ago in 2010 the WTO notified
more than 30 such agreements and last
year only 10 and I have a feeling that
they are going to keep falling in
numbers and if previously the classical
protectionism was rampant such as
additional import duties technical
requires requirements or hidden
subsidies then today we are talking
about a new edition of protectionism on
the use of the evidently far-fetched
excuses on references to the interest of
national security and all that for what
in order to crash competitors or to
extrordinary striction spiral is only
worsening and it hits more and more
countries and more and more companies
including those who assure that they
would be immune to this regime of trade
restrictions that such problems would
pass them by how are the arbitrariness
and connivance
breed the desire is to use restriction
tools time and time again left and right
on any occasion despite the political
loyalty the talks of solidarity the
previous agreements and the multi-year
cooperation agreements here we have many
representatives of business and you're
well aware that the draw of one of the
parties to the contracts the disruption
of the agreement translates into
significant risks and expenses this is
the axiom of global business practice
and on the global scope such behavior of
states might lead to most negative and
disruptive consequences and even now
when the slight of the existing norms
and the loss of mutual trust might be
exacerbated by the unpredictability then
turbulence of the colossal technological
changes such a turn of events might lead
to systemic crises which the world has
not yet seen it is going to affect all
of the players of the world economic
arena global distrust puts into question
the prospects of the global growth the
logic of the economic selfishness does
not combine well with today's
specialization of countries and
companies with forging complex global
industrial chains that might throw the
global economy back into the far past to
the times when people lived off the land
when people had to produce everything
themselves and these undeniably leads to
the foreign efficiency of global economy
- losses in labour productivity -
wasting the advances of science'
technology which could have changed the
people's life for the better another
warrant read we are observing is that
the stability of business ties is being
undermined integrational processes are
being strengthened the multilateral
cooperation is being depreciated as well
as the efficiency of international
institutions in agreement the
international community cannot find the
acceptable solutions within the
framework of the World Trade
Organization which despite all the
difficulties and all that
Frances is the key link in the global
trade system the most important
Universal platform for disparate
resolution and forging dialogue on the
issues which concern all of the economic
players that is true indeed that the WTO
is far from perfect and yet there are no
intractable problems within the WTO to
discard it and not create anything in
return means to disrupt the balance and
then the trade disputes would not have
any plaintiffs not an independence only
force will decide who is right naturally
we're not talking about freezing the
existing order to make dogmatic
something that is practically lifeless
the world is changing and thus the
institutions and rules should change as
well
one thing is clear these rules should be
transparent and common for everyone they
should be observed by all the
participants of international economic
relationships what is also important is
that we need to develop and implement a
legitimate change mechanism within the
framework of which the international
community will be able to discard the
outdated and inefficient archaic norms
at the same time keeping the best
instruments and creating new instruments
which are on par with modern
requirements in this vein for global
trade agenda especially relevant are the
areas where the multilateral rules of
the game are only forming that is the
development of new technological markets
for example ecommerce access to
information and transparency as well the
protection of intellectual property and
consumer rights as well as new digital
services negotiations on the majority of
these topics have been launched it is
evident that it would take a while we
need to conduct further work we need
patience and we need insistence but I
would reiterate there is no alternative
to join drafting rules in the global
economy
it is simply non-existence
we do not need trade wars and not even
temporary truces and trade wars we need
a full-time trade peace the motor of
this forum is building trust economy and
I am convinced that the very life it
sells be speaks of the need to make
trust at the center for development just
take a look at the high tech companies
various startups science innovative
areas which are far ahead of the
traditional legal corporate regulations
and the work of partners even though
they might have difficult relationships
in between themselves are based on
mutual trust and I know that at the
forum this topic was erased many a time
we are not trying to idealized situation
rivalry conflict of interest has always
been present and will always be present
but we need to respect each other our
ability to resolve our disputes in fair
competition and not in limiting the
competition defines further growth this
is the basis for firm and robust
development of each and every country
for the implementation of the colossal
scientific and technological potential
accumulated in the world Russia supports
free trade and economic integration we
support constructive partner dialogue we
urge our partners from Europe the US
Asian other regions of the world to move
together towards the implementation of
their SDGs to develop such a growth
model which would be an adequate
response to global challenges I'm
talking about overcoming the inequality
of opportunities of resolving
demographic and environmental problems
of keeping national cultures and
identities to boost the prosperity of
our people the broad use of the
advantages of the new technological wave
all countries in these of that
combination face all of this problem but
we are unique in the fact that we face
the whole gamut of those issues at once
and in order to be ourselves we need to
resolve those tasks simultaneously as
well for us an undeniable value is to
ensure state serenity and to keep
national identity at the same time we
need to make a major leap in development
to be among the world's leaders on life
expectancy and quality of life we need
to be one of the global technical
leaders the vision for the development
of our countries based on four key
principles first we need to build our
policy around human beings on their
prosperity interests and demands I am
convinced on this such a country can be
strong and successful that helps its
people to exhort and tap into their
potential we need to modernize the
economy and create jobs we need for the
citizens incomes to go up we need to
make the healthcare and education one of
the best in the world
we will use the best practices in
building cities and villages in
organizing comfortable spaces for life
or work and for leisure
we need to boost the volume of
construction and resolve the problem of
accessibility first of all for
middle-income families for families with
children another important area is to
improve the environment that would be
the contribution made by Russia in to
the resolution of global environmental
problems each person needs to have an
opportunity to realize their potential
in public life in voluntary activities
and industry in business they need to
have a good start in life social
mobility strengthening of the starts
potential the link between the
generation can guarantee sustainable
development we have launched the whole
series of project on support and
promotion of talent
ambitious young people meet school
children or students or recognized
professionals this program also seeks to
provide guidance and counsel to them we
want to make this work systematic and we
have created the organization Russia
country opportunities the relevant
decree as many of you are aware has been
signed and on par with other structures
we will coordinate this work between the
two organizations we will resolve the
task that I just mentioned and second we
will broaden freedom space we talked
about this often this is not the first
time when I or my colleagues mentioned
that however this is highly important so
I would like to reiterate that this is
very important for the creation of a
strong civil society for the development
of economy and social sphere science and
culture our strategy to lift barriers
and to liberalize the law is in
accordance with the interests and
demands of our citizens we will create
such conditions for business for working
in Russia which we which would be in par
with their highest international
standards this is also true for the
support of business initiatives a year
ago here at the st. Petersburg forum I
highlighted the need to actively make
use of the instrument of project
financing and today and this is a
positive development we have launched a
new mechanism a sort of a conveyor for
project financing only within the
framework of this forum we both signed
the agreements on financing of new
investment projects for more than 700
billion rubles and in the year terms the
volume will exceed 1 trillion rubles
this program was implemented by the Bank
of Russia the financial and economic
bloc of the government and their foreign
economic bank we've managed to avoid
some bottlenecks related to bank
regulations and to guarantee the
investors interests as a result we have
attracted major private investments with
minimal budget expenses and I would like
to highlight on the basis of a market
transpire
mechanism of project selection many
things when it comes to the
implementation of plans and projects in
economics and social infrastructure
would depend on the regions on their
efforts and their on their efficiency I
believe it is important to stick to the
course to qualitatively update original
teams it is on this level that we see
the formation of a new governance
culture modern approaches to resolving
economic and social tasks open
interaction formats between the state
and the public and I established the
participation of the citizens in
resolving everyday tasks and you know
that a number of very successful
governors are now part of the new
government of the Russian Federation
today we see the rivalry on the rise for
the business environment for investors
for the best staff and it means that we
have managed a constant change mechanism
a major role in this has been played by
the Russian investment climate index as
per tradition I would like to
congratulate those on top of the list
this is the human region Moscow the
Republic of Tatarstan
the top five also includes the two
region and what I really appreciate my
native city of st. Petersburg I would
like to add that the positive dynamics
have been observed in the Far East of
Russia regions as well as Bharati a
cleaning rod scoff inaugurate and ye
rosovsky regions I believe that all of
our region would continue to
progressively implement these projects
and third for a technological
breakthrough to be competitive in a
modern dynamic world we need to be
susceptible to new ideas for
technologies which changed life of the
people which define our future we have
adopted a major comprehensive program of
digital development this is one of the
priorities for us in the upcoming years
we are talking first and foremost on the
development and broad use of
cross-cutting
digital solutions within the framework
of governance in economy social sphere
and in
industry and transport here we are ready
to cooperate with all the interested
parties together we might make use of
the advantages and respond to the risks
of the digital era by using this
opportunity I would like to invite you
all to participate in the second global
manufacturing and industrial summit it
is going to take place in Russia in the
Urals in Ekaterinburg the focus will be
on the questions related to the use of
the advanced promising technologies in
economy industry in other areas and the
fourth principle for our development is
the openness of our country of our
desire to be actively involved in a
global processes and integrational
projects for this we needed to implement
major infrastructural project this is
the most important component of our
national agenda by developing transport
energy digital backbone of Russia we
will efficiently integrate it into the
global infrastructure and by doing this
will open new opportunities for our
citizens for Russian and foreign
business to strengthen the role of
Russia in global transport and ICT
systems dear friends dear colleagues
have mentioned the interdependence of
the modern world and by working to
resolve our task by working to have a
breakthrough in all areas we will come
up with technologies and solutions which
were not only allowed to boost the
quality of life for the citizens of
Russia but would also be in high demand
in other countries they will have a
positive effect on their development and
of course moving forward towards our
goals we need to use and to share the
best practices and achievements of other
countries and other peoples our partners
our future cannot be forged
alone undoubtedly unlimited prospects
are only opened through cooperation and
joining of ranks Russia is keen to have
such cooperation and I am sure that
together by strengthening trust and the
spirit of partnership we will be
successful thank you for your attention
the next the next speaker is the
president of the French Republic
Emmanuel macron
merci beaucoup Monsieur president the
Thank You mr. President of the Russian
Federation Prime Minister of Japan
ladies and gentlemen heads of state
madam director of the IMF
ladies and gentlemen ministers heads of
companies friends mr. president I'd like
to thank you for having us here in st.
Petersburg and such a wonderful City
where we remember that lots of trust can
result in terrible consequences as this
is an Economic Forum we can only talk
about economics but you spoke about
geopolitics while this morning on the
other hand I personally visited Peskov
scare cemetery in order to pay tribute
to those people who just several decades
ago in this very city fought for their
very survival against a terrible siege
when hundreds of thousands of people
lost their lives soldiers civilians
adults children at the very beginning of
the Second World War hundreds of
thousands people perished I know mr.
president that this page of history is a
particular importance to you because you
personally your family had your own
losses so I would like to pay tribute to
all the people of st. Petersburg I
believe that the world of today is
losing trust we lose sight of that when
the first signs of this loss of trust
are there when we feel that we are
moving towards something horrendous we
have to take responsibility we have to
remember the history the past
right now right this moment give us a
hint that trust at the international
level as eroding due to a number of
developments do political ones military
ones sometimes economic phenomena that
can have most detrimental consequences
so the theme of this forum I believe is
very apt with very well chosen and trust
can be different to you just as an
ability to believe in oneself so well as
to believe another that is the capacity
to build something in the long run as
you know is said in worrying piece by
Tolstoy would happen between pierre
bazooka and platen karetai of the latter
showed his optimism has navy tan at the
same time belief in himself any others
bazooka have looked at Kara Tov and he
was incapable of believing in himself
and yet he was affected by this optimism
of Clutton korotayev and as a result he
emerged stronger due to this contact
with another person that is what trust
is about for these ends time he's
required respect for one another
dialectics with regard to yourself and
to those around you that is what we are
to build on this day I believe that our
past our history have given us all the
premises for building this trust let me
get back to the notion of trust
just as a process which has built
stage-by-stage together we were working
and peaceful no clear we were building
the infrastructure of Europe we came
into outer space together despite the
difficult context despite some sanctions
we persevered in developing our energy
sectors French enterprises remained in
the Russian market during the most
difficult times of history they did not
quit Russia in other words Russia is one
of the first foreign employers for us
and we also employ 170,000 Russian
citizens and the EU is the first trade
partner it represents 47% of Russian
imports far ahead of China and there are
many other promising projects our
companies have signed 50 agreements just
as part of this visit today some of the
partnership agreements were signed
during the most difficult times of our
history we have to rely at porn there's
creative fools because there is
something we believe in both France
believes in that and France and Russia
tea our presence here as well as the
presence of Japan testimony to the
mutual nature of these aspirations and I
would like us to continue to work in
this direction it was with great
pleasure that I listened to the opening
remarks of His Excellency President of
Russia dear of Latimer I believe we
indeed have to work together we have to
respect
multilateral commitments undertaken as
part of the WTO in terms of tariff and
non-tariff barriers we have to have
numerous projects so that France could
participate and diversifying Russia's
economic growth and many domains be that
new vehicles urban development
healthcare we've got to work I mean any
conditions and we've got to do
everything in our power so as to
overcome any difficulties that might
arise Russia has a destiny a future of
the town has its unique geography and
due to these factors Russia has an
inalienable inalienable part of Europe
and I believe we've got to maintain
dialogue with everyone within Middle
East with Asia but our roots joined
common yes over the recent years there
has been a number of many
misunderstandings and many errors made
that very often lead to tensions over
these two and a half decades we should
have linked our faiths together so it C
creates a new historical trend because
our identity our common geography all of
that pushed us in that direction
precisely I would very much like us and
they come in decade to be able to work
hand in hand
so as the rebuild the atmosphere of
trust where we are and so desperate need
off and that means that we've got to
have shared geostrategic girls we've got
to resolve the current crises and remove
the divergences we have on many issues
that's something we talked about
yesterday with President Putin we know
but there are formats for that there are
some frameworks for that
we've got to work within those
frameworks and we also have to work on
new projects we need a new philosophy
for Europe I have just listened to the
full priorities that you've set forth
mr. president first to make a human
being the centerpiece of new humanism
for humans to be able to fulfill to
express themselves and a society that is
full of trust and confidence in itself
we've got to work on any economic model
a new social model and your society will
be better in such a new model and I'm
confident that within a strong
partnership with the European Union
you'll be able to achieve these girls
we've got to do everything we can so
that this continent we're a democracy
the progress of the middle-class market
economy you know all these trends were
born here in Europe so despite all the
tribulations geopolitical trials we've
got to rebuild this model a world at
whose very center will be the life of
human beings that should be the
underlying principle of our partnership
which I so desperately want so that we
could work on strengthening peace and
security in our continent this
responsibility is conferred upon us
we've got to revisit our shared
interests so let us sit at the
negotiating table and work together I'm
willing to do that we have all the
opportunities for that we have a chance
to advance in that regard should we miss
this opportunity maybe that will be
forever I would very much like Russia to
stay part of
the Council of Europe and on many issues
and defense and social issues I would
like our strategic dialogue to gain or
regain new dynamism now as food trust in
the international arena we can see that
a new door is opening a new era is
opening up yes we are concerned by many
phenomena such as climate change energy
transformation digital transformation
there are a host multitude of new trends
there is the problem of economic crisis
which only increases the divide the gap
between the developed countries and
countries that are less developed
economically for many years we were
going through the crisis of
globalization that resulted in our
nation's coming to doubt the very future
so over the recent years we've seen new
trends emerge which we have never
thought about in the past such as reg Z
as part of the European Union when I
look at this crisis I believe that the
main reason maybe as the lack of
efficiency and development
I believe we see new trends emerge
you've mentioned them already the
fragmentation of the world in particular
when trying to play around the fears of
people some forces trying to use these
fears to their advantage in order to say
even more mistrust and suspicion we've
had an economic growth collective
security or cyberspace any fragmentation
will serve as an instrument of sowing
fear Japan
Russia France just as China as well as
all of our foreign partners have shared
interests interests that consists in
responding within this context by
devising new methods and relying on some
very basic concepts and that is the
third point I'd like to make and then
I'll conclude in order to fight this
suspicion and mistrust we've got to
devise a terminology conditions of what
I call a multilateral approach which
encompasses sovereignty as well as
fully-fledged integration with regard to
that Marshall Raj will approach that I'm
always talking about you cannot trust as
I mentioned when talking about also you
cannot trust others if you do not trust
yourself if you do not respect yourself
if you do not respect yourself and no
one will respect you so in this field I
believe we've got to fight for
sovereignty and for its respect I want
us to respect one another I want there
to be no intervention no interference in
any form whatsoever if we sign an
agreement then we've got to stick to
that agreement if that is the choice we
have made regardless of who withdraws
from this treaty or stays within it
we've got to fight so that our
sovereignty should stay an indivisible
right of each and every country despite
negative conditions because there is the
kunais earnest ability for our business
sometimes we've got to introduce some
limits but what do our citizens want
they want the authorities to be
accountable shouldn't it be the
government that should be held
accountable to its citizens
so I advocate the sovereignty of my
country France as well as the choice
that we have made such as signing the
joint comprehensive deal on Iran that
was our choice yesterday
mr. president you didn't remind that we
talked about the Rome the Roman
principle practice from said Amanda Webb
has been signed should stay forever and
here I'd like to lay the foundation for
cyberspace for information protection as
well as for sovereign discussions held
at any level and in any format I want
all the knee bruise to be respected and
for that we need a strong sovereignty on
we did just that when we decided he
revived the European defense project
this idea goes back to 1950s but back
then it was not accomplished it didn't
come to fruition and we've got to pick
it up and continue following up on earth
at the pan-european level I believe in
the European sovereignty in particular
and information space today the European
Union is introducing unprecedented
legislation which will govern all the
European Union members this is what lays
the foundation the groundwork that will
help the citizens of our countries
they'll trust in their government
it also helps us create better
conditions for the development of our
business for the development of our
financial and banking systems we've got
to advance further sirs to protect our
strategic interests and this work has
already started we also have to have
financial sovereignty for Europe to be
able to make a choice of its own and
then to stick to it to that end I
believe the dialogue which we have right
now with our partners as an
irreplaceable link and there's general
chain another key word and the world
today is cooperation because trust as
possible when there is dialogue when
there is an exchange and cooperation if
our partner tells us about that choice
pursues this choice and whose trust yes
there are some differences but those
differences have to be visible and
transparent just as we have with Russia
as we've got our differences but we also
have some common denominators and as of
now we are working out a concrete
roadmap which I'm confident will give us
a chance to continue our joint work that
is precisely this cooperation that will
also help us move forward with our other
partners such as Japan and Russia all of
this will help us not just protect such
decisions as the joint comprehensive
deal on Iran but also also help us and
mechanism that will bring stability
greatest ability to the Middle East may
be together with Iran it will help us
address other issues such as the
ballistic missile program of Iran five
original matters would like to work with
our partners together including with
China
and such project as the New Silk Road
watch what I was not just he alkaline I
need multilateral approach it'll also
help us secure sovereignty and stability
of our partners and precisely for this
reason with Japan Australia New Zealand
and India I wanted to have a new
strategy in order to reinforce our
sovereignty in this region because I do
believe in the spirit of cooperation and
precisely for this present France has
chosen to work with all the countries in
sub-saharan Africa we have also decided
to devise a new policy aimed at peace
keeping and reinforcing stability and
the African continent and ultimately
once we have secured sovereignty and
cooperation we've got to build the
multilateral approach everything we've
been talking about since this morning
it's offering to you which would like to
protect all of us requires joint legal
norms cells to protect our nations
against the disappearance of jobs
against the backdrop of a global crisis
so I was to better coordinate our
actions within such formats as the g20
and so on and so forth to fight negative
trends and the financial sector and in
the banking sector to better work with
new technologies to create mechanisms of
peacekeeping this is just a handful of
girls that a multiple of your approach
pursues
we've got good formats like the IMF the
g20 or the g7 all of these formats
already exist and precisely upon this
foundation we have to work Russia and
France are also permanent members of the
UN Security Council let us go further
let us reinforce the role of the UN
Security Council so as to better create
a strong multilateral approach which
will become a good lever in building a
better future incidentally China which
is also a member of the Security Council
is willing to work with us so let us do
everything we can so that both we and
other partners we have could reinforce
by joint efforts the role of the UN
Security Council let us make our
platforms useful and removing trade
tensions and removing various and
several months we're going to meet at
the g20 summit so let us make this
platform useful to you for the sake of a
multilateral approach we will chair the
g7 and the g20 the same year and in that
vein I'd like to continue our work next
year the after verge in the coming years
Sera's took strength and sovereignty
cooperation as well as a strong mount
Alera approach as you've understood
France and the European Union stand
willing to do that this is what we
aspired he together with our German
counterpart we'd like to move precisely
in their direction all the members
weren't versa gender to be implemented
ladies and gentlemen I have a very sort
of view of the situation yes these girls
are far from easy
what will require as to put an end to
what thirty years ago Solzhenitsyn cause
the Sun set of courage this day we need
this courage this bravery I'm not
talking about who hardness or reckless
courage that would make sovereignty an
altar care closing in and self-isolation
I'm talking about a courage that
strengthened our confidence in ourselves
I'm talking about a sentiment that'll
help us improve the lives of our
nation's and we've got a lot of work cut
out for us friends as actively working
in this direction and let us be full of
valor and courage to be working together
cooperating together France has seen the
courage get back to our hearts and our
spirits and I can see this trend exactly
in other countries that are represented
here Russia is now preparing for the
World Cup that is going to be held in
some weeks mr. president dear vladimir
we know that you adore judo we also know
that you highly appreciate
the flexibility that is based on self
control self-restraint such feelings as
willpower and respect for your adversary
so learners emulate these principles in
the international arena I love sport I
love football and in football I think
these qualities also apply so let us
play a cooperative game a collective
game a joint game that is going to be
based upon the very same principles of
trust we are to cherish and that is all
ladies and gentlemen that is all I
wanted to tell you about my values thank
you
but the next speaker is prime minister
next next speaker is Prime Minister
Shinzo Abe a of Japan
thank you very much mr. Miklos wait
president macron vice president Wong and
managing director blue card it is my
pleasure to join you all for the session
president putin thank you very much for
having me here today
especially in this beautiful st.
Petersburg I am very much grateful for
you to have invited me I have longed to
go to the Emma Tosh museum that was my
first time ladies and gentlemen
distinguished participants this year the
Japan national soccer team samurai blue
will come to Russia their eyes set on
winning the FIFA World Cup the samurai
blue will fight their way through to the
finals to find themselves head-to-head
against Russia in the final match well
it may have been sparked by a severe
case of jet lag that is my dream and
peculiarly optimistic I admit here in
front of Emmanuelle and Christine I dare
say this dream of mine means that
Francis Lee Balu is defeated through a
giclee in the semifinals falling to none
other than the samurai Balu Emmanuel you
must surely have been thinking in such a
match the French team would certainly
trounced Japan but you know how the old
saying goes if you're going to dream
you'd better dream big let us just
imagine let us just imagine how will the
world look when a lasting stable that he
comes to take hold between Japan and
Russia we will have established a pillar
of peace in a major corner of the
northern and East
Hemisphere's that will be a substantial
pillar that underpins the region and
indeed the world at that time the Arctic
Ocean to the Bering Sea the North
Pacific and Sea of Japan will together
for him a major arterial sea road of
peace and prosperity the islands that
used to be a source of conflict will
have found new potential as a logistics
hub transforming into a symbol of Japan
Russia cooperation Sea of Japan will
also most likely change dramatically as
a highway sending goods back and forth
in bloody bus stop work to improve its
beautiful port and make it a gateway to
the ocean he's already making headway
thanks to efforts on both the Japanese
and Russian sides
just imagine what would come and go from
the Arctic Ocean to the Sea of Japan
there can be no doubt that liquefied
natural gas or LNG brought up from the
Arctic Ocean gas fields including
notably Yamal LNG will be found among
that cargo the LNG that arrives via
heavy icebreakers can be loaded over
into regular tankers somewhere north of
Japan after that it would head off to
users in China or in Asia far away in
India thanks to handling by Japan's
highly experienced corporations Japan is
the world's largest importer of LNG the
corporation that is the world's largest
buyer of LNG
is also found in Japan because Japan
furnishes a wealth of experience in
market making and in developing price
mechanisms we can be certain that a
win-win situation will form here for
Japan and Russia Russia's Arctic Ocean
LNG will enable it to become a great
swing the produced producer impacting
world markets by partnering with Japan
from the Arctic Ocean to the Bering Sea
North Pacific Ocean and from the Sea of
Japan to the Indo Pacific Ocean the axis
of strategic antagonism that existed
during the Cold War will undergo a
dramatic transformation becoming
seascapes of peace and prosperity of
course these changes will also make it a
space thoroughly permeated by the rule
of law only then will the potential held
by northern and Far East Russia be
released in earnest and the Russian
economy will grow as if it had just been
turbocharged that will be in the
interests of all of Russia's neighbors
including Japan and will constitute an
important contribution to the global
economy is all this simply building
castles in the air' a fanciful daydream
nothing more I think not it is an
objective we are most certainly able to
reach if only we continued to take one
step forward and then another and ladies
and gentlemen a Japan Russia peace
treaty is a necessity in particular to
make that grand vision a reality at
least every time president putin i made
we reconfirmed that with each other and
it is something we have done right up to
the present day ladies and gentlemen a
century since the revolution seventy
years since the end of the Second World
War and a quarter century since a
newborn Russia joined the world having
come through a highly eventful history
full of difficult times young people in
Russia now at long last seemed have
begun to live their lives moving forward
with their eyes firmly fixed on the
future thinking about the long term I
will say this to you firstly and
unmistakably it will be by taking Japan
as a partner then you will gain
tremendous momentum as you move forward
but words alone can't convey that sense
to you adequately it will be necessary
to put forth tangible results so that
the average Russian can understand what
kinds of good things will result from
Japan and Russia joining hands
with that in mind we laid out eight
fields for cooperations that we proposed
to Russia ladies and gentlemen in my
cabinet there is a minister responsible
for a post that I established especially
for that very purpose
Minister sicko may I ask you to stand
for a moment
thank you very much Minister here
Osheaga Seco has made visits to places
all around Russia
ever since he assumed the post of
Minister for Economic co-operation with
Russia including not only Moscow and st.
Petersburg but also Vladivostok veronik
and Ekaterinburg at the end of April in
order to visit Amal L&G he also went to
some better where it was still very cold
this summer he also has plans to visit
the Sakha Republic all this makes him
the very first Japanese Minister in the
history of our bilateral relations to
visit so many places in Russia acts in
part to the efforts he has made the
number of Japanese Russian Economic
Cooperation projects continues to rise
everywhere from Khabarovsk to Moscow and
have already surpassed a hundred thirty
there is innovation in agriculture for
growing vegetables that are fresh and
lush there is a project for renovating
the urban infrastructure and for
reducing automobile traffic jams by 30
percent that is a project in Verona SH
just recently on May 7th President Putin
announced the national goals and
strategic objectives through to 2024
setting forth key policies for improving
Russians quality of life in pressing
forward with reforms to the
socio-economic infrastructure the
eight-point cooperation plan that Japan
proposed is in complete alignment with
those key policy areas moreover Japan
has been making contributions through
concrete projects Japan hopes to become
an accelerant or a catalyst for
socio-economic reforms in Russia
ladies gentlemen the first role that
Japan will shoulder is promoting
Russia's health
this means saving the lives of babies
and small children and making it
possible for elderly people to live long
and healthy lives a rehabilitation
center was completed in vladivostok
dismay through Japan Russia cooperation
even when one suffers a stroke and
becomes unable to move freely there is
no need to throw in the towel on one's
life Japanese medical technology will
brighten the lives of people who might
have until now sunk down into the depth
of despair it will enable people to move
for a diet for diagnosis and treatment
performed with an endoscope to parents
technology is first-rate even at the
global level this is also an area in
which we've been engaged in cooperation
with Russia for quite some time getting
an early look by using an endoscope
makes it possible to remove tumors that
have begun to reveal themselves deep in
the internal organs finding issues early
brings down the costs of medical
treatment and extends people's long and
healthy life spans that is help for
Russians in changing their lifestyle
Japan which hopes to engage in that kind
of collaboration is for the Russian
people a partner that extends their
lives and fosters hope President Putin
has said he will raise the average
Russian life expectancy to 80 by 2030 to
achieve that allowing Japan to work its
magic will surely be in the cards
the second role the Japan will shoulder
is assisting in boosting productivity
what tactics and stratagems are needed
to increase by even a single item the
output coming off of a production line
per unit of time
how should the equipment best be laid
out and where should loosen jigs
best beset people coming from Russia are
now visiting various kinds of Japanese
companies to acquire that kind of wisdom
by seeing workplaces with their own eyes
and physically engaging with things with
their own hands in fiscal 2017 144
Russian business persons visited Japan
observed well-known Japanese companies
spending a total of 115 days there on
site one outcome has been a factory
manufacturing car parts in yanovskiy
Oblast slashing the manufacturing time
for its components from 90 minutes to 30
I've heard that there are even examples
of the incidence of defective products
improving dramatically from 22 percent
down to effectively zero at a different
auto parts factory in the same Oblast
those kinds of efforts are called
Kaizen in Japanese as you know the word
is becoming increasingly
well-established in Russia as well
workers manning the production lines
lifts their gaze to about the height of
the factory ceiling and take in a
panoramic view of the entire
manufacturing process the innovation
sends wisdom of coming up with ideas for
improvements through that approach have
enhanced productivity in Japan's
factories at these times workers shift
away from being only on the side
receiving orders and instructions they
become virtually like designers seeing
the entire production line three
dimensionally it is their changing the
workers in that way where Japan's
secrets of increasing productivity lie
when you have more workers brimming with
confidence and a sense of duty who also
feel the value in working productivity
increases which apparent can provide a
is
a labor culture that relies on workers
individually
ladies and gentlemen President Putin and
I have made it a habit to meet as
frequently as we can tomorrow we will
move our venue to Moscow and again
engage in thoroughgoing talks it will be
our 21st summit meeting the reason that
Japan Russia relations have now begun
over the over the last 20 times we have
met and we have built that trust the
reason that Japan Russia relations have
now began to move in a big way is that
President Putin and I are absolutely
determined that we will get our
bilateral relations in motion and have
both done our very utmost towards this
end if we do not change things now then
when will we change them if the two of
us do not get our bilateral relations
moving then who else will get them
moving
we both have this firmly engraved in our
minds every time we meet that is the
relationship President Putin I share the
result has already been a rapid change
away from thinking that was limited to I
can do x and y but no more to a broader
way your thinking or approaches now well
if I can do X & Y then surely I can do a
B or C as well a company supplying
hotsprings resorts came from Hokkaido to
you schnell Hollings to spread among the
local people the joys of relaxing in a
steaming bath this all started with a
breezy idea all right let's just give it
a try I imagine that this business would
not have come all the way from Japan had
it not had the confidence
could achieve anything it put its mind
to the practice of Japan Russia joining
hands in this way is just beginning to
grow this is exactly what President
Putin and I have kept hoping for the
slogan of this year's forum is building
a trust economy I would like you all to
recognize that Japan and Russia are most
certainly together engaged in the
practice of building a trust economy
ladies and gentlemen we wish for
Northeast Asia to become a place of
peace and prosperity that is truly
stable this time the US North Korea
summit meeting will not take place what
is important though is that whether or
not North Korea will comply with
relevant United Nations Security Council
resolutions and carry out gay
nuclearization in a complete verifiable
and irreversible manner and then the
abduction issue will it return all the
people it lawlessly stole away from
Japan when we made sure with our own
eyes several significant ifs and are
able to be satisfied then at long last
Japan will be able to conceive of
cooperative relations with North Korea
viewed over the long term in order to
accelerate this process and North Korea
has diligent people and abundant
resources if North Korea chooses to go
to the right direction and then North
Korea can enrich people can enrich the
nation I am sure that is the reason why
in order to accelerate this process and
move it in a favorable direction
what would become even more critical
than ever is cooperation between Russia
and Japan and then France China and of
course the United States and our ok
people across the world and we would
like them to work together to push North
Korea to the right direction in order
for us to do that we must work in unity
and tackle this problem North Korea
poses the Demio the two of us have held
talks time and time again shouldering
our respective viewpoints on history as
well as our own particular public
opinion and patriotic spirit and we will
continue to hold talks into the future
we now stand at a historical turning
point the path we should take and
efforts we should make are all entirely
clear it is working for future
generations in Japan and Russia it is
Japan and Russia becoming a major force
for safeguarding and fostering regional
and global prosperity through the
Japanese and Russian people's further
deepening the relationship of mutual
trust concluding a peace treaty and
building up lasting peace and stability
between our two nations and it is
overcoming all possible difficulties
with each of us demonstrating the utmost
courage in order to make that a reality
ladies and gentleman thank you very much
for listening
spasiba
thank thank you very much the next
speaker is wang shichong the vice
president of the People's Republic of
China I'm taking a look at my watch here
dear president put in dear president
macaron the prime minister since I'll be
dear madam executive manager of the
International Monetary Fund Chris
Chandigarh I'm very happy to attend to
the 22nd st. Petersburg International
Economic Forum and I am sure that I had
joint discussion building the economy of
trust will give us a lot of good and
useful thought over the current reality
and the future of the world the
development trends in the world are
demonstrating a very fast pace towards
the reform and innovations which I
accompanied by challenges which chairman
SIDS in pain described as the
unprecedented one over the last hundred
years not a single country by itself can
cope with existing challenges and to
just take care of oneself and nobody
else will be a failure the global
economy of the country going through
this recovery but the extent to which is
going to be sustainable currently it's
difficult to see and so under such
circumstances one of the most effective
circumstances within which the global
potential can be utilized will be a
cooperation between the businesses and
the government into the economy of trust
on the basis of mutual interest benefit
torrents and goodwill
according to the theory of transactions
people cooperate trade and maintain four
engines in order to enjoy an equitable
profit and so the trend towards
improving this would be impossible
without the mutual trust the norms of
the international relations the point to
the country is enjoying a peaceful life
when together they can overcome
temporary difficulties on the basis of
cooperation where they founding part of
it is trust in order to be able to
achieve Trust one should know and
understand each other every country has
their own realities its unique history
and culture trust to each other may
ensue only when you understand not only
oneself but also the other person when
you understand not only the Morden
dimension but as well as an historic
dimension which is extremely important
to be able to see the future in order to
create trust one should respect each
other because only equitable
consultations and mutual benefit bring
prosperity and stability to each other's
economy but chasing only one's own
national interests brings about a
country kind of results because
political and yielding wielding sanction
'el Club will definitely add to the
unpredictability of the market in order
to create trust one should understand
and be able to resolve your problems
because trust and respect goes always to
those who are able to achieve the said
targets
everybody has one's own problems and the
approach to them has to be realistic and
definitely try and find out what are the
true causes behind them service to
arrive at a proper resolution by no way
one should allow the responsive
to be placed upon other people's
shoulders in order to create trust you
must have self-confidence the capacity
to grow in your self-awareness comes
from self trust and confidence which
means to entrust yourself to others and
when other people's trust so self
confidence and based on hold
self-awareness which leads to an
awareness of your own true path in life
self confidence leads to your outlook
becoming broader and an ability to
angrily to assess the problems of time
overcome this self-confidence
stimulating open cooperation for the
sake of common development by building
economy of trust governments of
different countries must strengthen
mutual trust and become more active in
their cooperation in the interests of
resolving vital problems that the global
community is facing providing to the
business to the community and the people
very specific political and
institutional rules to create a very
firm basis for the sustainable
development for the global economy one
should definitely close cooperate with
each other and look for the path towards
the new reforms of the economic
structure and innovative development and
in doing so one should not pass up the
opportunity forthcoming Industrial
Revolution enhance the new traumas
behind the new economic growth one
should keep abreast with the economic
globalization and try and share both the
opportunities and benefits as much as
possible with each other take into
account each other's interest resolve
trading disputes by way of consultations
and commonly fight against protectionism
we also need to uphold the multilateral
approach and first and foremost the
trust towards the multilateral trading
and by common efforts to further improve
the system of global economic governance
within the context of a new architecture
of the global economy ladies and
gentlemen friends after ancient Congress
of the Communist Party of China the
reputation and trust stores its
essential Budget Committee has grown
with the call being represented by mr.
seeds and pain which serves as a
reliable political guarantee to
implement strategic objectives with the
coming of the new era of socialism with
the Chinese peculiarity in it we're
going to be guided by the concept of the
development aimed at a human being by
everything we can do to promote
comprehensive construction in the
economy politics culture and environment
by deepening the reforms and further
transparency we would eliminate
disbalances and the lack of full
development fight for the implementation
of the Chinese dream of the great
revival of the Chinese nation China will
invariably be implementing the strategy
of openness on the basis of mutual
benefit recently the Chairman sits in
pings stated a whole number of new
serious steps to expand the openness of
China
I shall propose to all the nations to
participate in development of the
Chinese economy so as to share whatever
they can offer in the Chinese making one
voice one path is the new platform for
international cooperation initiated by
China we are ready to discuss with
everybody what the future developments
could be so as to create youth emitters
to the
planetary development for the future
dear ladies and gentlemen being warned
of the presence of the global
government's development Russia has a
very rated place in the global economy
China highly appreciates the impressive
results of the social-climbing
development which have been achieved
under the guidance of President Putin
without any doubt that is the kind of
success that Russia will achieve its
next six year period development to
targets as well throughout this year's
more active is the treated economic
cooperation between China and Russia the
trade turnover reaches now 100 billion
u.s. dollars the value of the 73 major
corporation project exceeds 100 billion
US dollars we are keen to further deepen
this multilateral cooperation with
Russian partners so as to develop the
relation based upon not retrofitting
cooperation in the spirit of equitable
partnership as well as the heritage of
the century-old friendship to make a new
contribution into the development of the
society which will be inclusive to all
this year we are celebrating the 315
anniversary of the foundation of st.
Petersburg and I would like to warm
heartily congratulate the people of st.
Petersburg and wish to them greater
successes as well as success to the
prisoners of this world thank you very
much
there's even drawn a change to the sword
I have completed my presentation in just
a few minutes and that was my promise to
President Putin which I gave him
yesterday and so because his trust to me
is what I am very very highly and so I
was able to stand true and stick myself
to seven minutes thank thank you vice
premier especially for your property now
it is Christine Lagarde of the IMF
you know at this point in time in this
wonderful moment I'm the fifth and
incidentally the only woman so I will
allow myself given the number of men in
the room to tell you a little bit how I
feel
you might feel frustrated because you've
waited but I feel like was supposed to
have felt so the story says the fifth
husband of Liz Taylor he knew what was
expected but he wasn't sure how to be
original so
president vice president Prime Minister
President Putin thank you so much for
having us in beautiful st. Petersburg
you hometown and thank you very much for
having asked me to also be brief
which I will endeavor nobody has yet
mentioned Peter the Great and I would
like to remind all of us that the city
where we are where president McCrone
rightly reminded us of the tragedy that
men can inflict upon themselves men can
also decide to take their compatriots
destiny into their hands and carry it
further and create their vision with
their support and their confidence and
that vision was certainly one of a city
that was open to the world and that was
going to bring all the talents and all
the modernity that he could bring to
bear in order to transform his country
what President Putin has asked me to do
today is to say a few words about the
global economy a few words about the
Russian economy which is where we stand
to identify a couple of challenges as I
see them from my vantage point and to
see how it they could be addressed the
global economy you know about it most of
you actually transact deal build your
supply chain in that global economy and
the good news today is that the sun is
shining on the global economy we went
through a decade of difficult time and
now we have an economy that is doing
well 3.8 percent last year probably
three point nine percent this year and
three point nine percent next year it is
pretty good given that it is also
generated by about 120 countries which
represent three-quarters of world GDP
and that is beneficial to your
businesses that's the good news
the not-so-good news is that we are
seeing
storms in the forecast and that storms
as essentially three major clouds that I
would identify for you you can list many
others but the short term plus that we
see our number one the level and the
burden of debt that weighs on the
shoulders of sovereigns and on the
shoulders of corporates today we have
about a hundred and sixty four trillions
of debt which represents roughly two
hundred and twenty five percent of
global GDP that is way more than
whatever the world has had including
after the Second World War that's number
one number two I would mention financial
fragility which will probably result in
significant capital outflows from
emerging and low income countries which
will find their way into more prosperous
remunerative and better yield Shores
including as a result of monetary
tightening as we will probably see it in
the United States as a result of the
stimulus engineered growth that we are
seeing on an economy that is already at
full potential
the third cloud that is probably the
darkest one is the determination of Sun
to actually rock the system that is that
has actually presided over the trade
relationships that we have all
undertaken and enjoyed to some extent
over the last many decades and that
cloud which would actually try to put a
brake on the terms the rules and the
movement of goods and services around
the world is clearly one that we should
be watching and one that is as the
presidents before me have indicated
largely based on the confidence now a
few words about Russia as I promised
President Putin Russia has actually and
I can talk about it because we just
completed the review of the Russian
economy
Russia has put in place one of the most
admirable macroeconomic framework that
you can think of a rainy day saving fund
letting its exchange rate float
introducing inflation targeting with
success and shoring up the banking
system and that has held Russia weather
very difficult circumstances in the last
three years mr. president
it has also generated for Russia a very
low debt very if not existent if not
non-existent fiscal deficit and very low
unemployment now is this entirely
satisfactory for President Putin and his
ministers including his new vice premier
in charge of the economy finance and
everything else
no because clearly there has to be an
improvement in productivity there has to
be diversification out of the oil and
gas economy there has to be boosting
investment in health and education
reducing market concentration and
integrating more in the global economy
I've done my duty talking about the
global economy and Russia
I just want to now identify four quick
challenges or rather one single
challenges which can be attributed
partly to for what I would call fault
lines and that challenge is the one that
President Putin has identified for this
forum which is this issue of eroded
confidence as we see it I remember mr.
Van Rompuy former president of the
European Commission saying a Belgium
proverb la confianza heave a shovel or
poppy or is it the other way around
confidence arrives on foot and goes on
back horse you build it over time you
lose it in next to no time so let me
mention for four points that we are
identified from an economic point of
view as having contributed to this
eroded confidence the first one that we
tend to forget is the depth
and the wounds inflicted by the
financial crisis we tend to forget that
many of our young people who arrive on
the markets have actually been marked by
this financial crisis that has destroyed
so much in so many countries the second
fault line that I would mention is not
only the perception but the reality that
the rewards of globalization have not
been shared fairly and yes globalization
you will hear that many times over has
allowed that many people to be lifted
out of poverty yes it has reduced the
cost of living for many yes it has
improved productivity over the course of
time but it has made a few privileged
very wealthy and has left to the side of
the road quite a few as well as having
destroyed many sectors of activities in
many specific regions the third fault
line that I would mention as well is
technology many of you are concerned
about it many of you are investing in
machine learning in artificial
intelligence in robot ization but many
of those who work for you actually
wonder whether the factory of tomorrow
will be that described by some as a
factory with two beings a man and a dog
the man is feeding the dog and the dog
is watching the man I think that's
probably an illusion but that's how many
people perceive the situation where they
will be displaced where their job will
be affected and where as a result they
will be left out one of the research
that we have just completed actually
indicates that while automation will
boost productivity it will also come at
a much higher cost of inequality and
will produce a lower labor share of
income all this seriously will
contribute to undermining the pact of
confidence that was built over time now
if you add to that a point that
president Macri actually identified very
well that the digital economy is leading
to a sir
of market power of concentration of
factors where a few large tech companies
actually have full control of the global
movement of data and information and
this could add to fueling the
disaffection that many people have no
matter how much they like their cell
phone watching the mail as the speakers
speak and playing games when they're a
little bit bored
the final full fault line that is also
eroding the confidence which is
projecting yourself into the future and
doing it together with others is clearly
climate change which has major economic
consequences and where despite the
extraordinary Paris agreement which
calls on countries to reach zero
greenhouse gas emissions is not followed
by actual action rather than simple
commitment
so all that calls in our view for a
renewed multilateralism I'm not going to
go into the details of what it would be
like but we have been there in the past
and the first part of the twentieth
century which has left the scars that it
has left in what was then Leningrad
which led to virtual cannibalism at the
time that first half of the 20th century
has created the conditions under which
multilateralism and the ethos of
operating together was actually invented
and it is also as a result of that but
the second half of the 20th century was
a lot better than the first it is that
very ethos of multilateralism that is
also being eroded at the moment
now of course we need to grapple
differently with these different
challenges that I have mentioned but
think about the regulatory framework
that is needed to manage the digital
economy and the financial stability of
an era where we're finding are actually
distorting conditions of the market are
displacing some of you are disrupting
the way in which money is moved around
think about the policy responses to the
future of work and how those fearing
displacement will be given a chance
think about how to make globalization
work for more people including by
transforming and reinventing
international taxation rules and think
about the efforts needed to fight
climate change now I'm not going to
preach for my IMF and as the as
president Macross indicated we have
institutions that have sustained the
passing of time that have produced
efficiency and that years of course need
to be improved need to see their mandate
reexamined need to see their tools
probably changed but it is through those
institutions and through no other means
particularly unilateral ones that things
will actually improve it would be a
grave mistake a grave mistake to resort
to protectionism and to unilateralism
this would be a self-inflicted wound and
let us not forget that trade leads to
higher productivity lower prices and
improved living standards and that
nobody nobody wins a trade war and that
protectionism at the end of the day
hurts the most underprivileged and the
poorest in our societies I said I would
be short and I would just want to
conclude to conclude probably calling to
the rescue jean-jacques rousseau who was
a contemporary of
Catherine the Great who said Johnny of
total Casa mondo to Ted rajadi I arrived
too late in a world where everything has
been said no not everything has been
said but lots of things have been said
and it is really upon the leaders of
this world many of whom present today
together with whatever support they need
from international institutions to
actually not only talk but walk the talk
as we should all do thank you
thank you very much we've had five very
eloquent speeches and now is the time
for questions and I hope direct answers
the conversation has gone all the way
from football to endoscopy and climate
change but now I wanted to Center on
that idea of trust and especially look
at three areas where this is an issue we
have the Iranian nuclear cord which you
broke up we have North Korea where there
seems to be news about Donald Trump and
we have the us-china trade war and then
we'll go and look at the Russia's
relationship with the rest of the world
mr. Putin as the host will you take the
first question I hope you will set the
fashion for making a direct answer there
was a nuclear deal signed with Iran in
2015 Donald Trump as we all know has
unilaterally withdrawn from it you have
condemned this mr. Makarov has condemned
this we all know you want to keep the
deal you say you're a man of action what
actions will you take to keep the
Iranian neutral deal the Iranian nuclear
deal alive now
Aran's the so-called Iranian nuclear
deal has been established by a
respective UN Security Council and that
is a multilateral international legal
document if people want our actions to
be predictable we need to adhere to the
common rules any unilateral action leads
into a dead end and is always
counterproductive that is why all of us
together all of the participants in this
process should speak to each other
sincerely and look for a resolution so
yesterday we discussed this issue with
President macron and an idea came to our
mind every four years presidential
elections take place in the United
States
so if international legal treaties and
documents are being signed and every
three or four maksim four years they're
going to be rethought so what will be
the timeframe for planning if one
follows this particular regime it's
going to be zero which will lead to an
environment wrought with mistrust and
nervousness and so if we trade what we
agree upon with true sincerity that
would lead to reliability and
predictability during the previous
sanctions regimes Russia supported the
sanctions against Iran and you followed
the rules this time you disagree with
what has happened with the if the
Americans impose sanctions on Iran
selling oil will you buy the oil perhaps
in exchange for wheat or something like
that and allow Iran to get round the
deal
developer it's a very simple question to
me because we don't buy oil at all we
produce insulate ourselves we are the
biggest supply of oil to the global
market but in as far as sanctions are
concerned Russia supported sanctions on
Iran the sanctions which were adopted by
the Security Council of the United
Nations and never supported anything
that has been forced by anybody
unilaterally and this is something that
has always been talking about I believed
it to be counterproductive in damaging
and detrimental and experts here as well
as in the West Mary called my speech in
2005 in Munich when I was speaking about
infamous ability to attribute acts
territorial nature to the legal names
forced to by a single state under two
K's the United States and many took
offense with me in the United States in
Europe but that is exactly something
that I was warning people about and so
now it is flourishing look at it so here
you are the food is served
so if we are attentive in our analysis
of what is taking place and if we
respond on a timely basis there would be
a fewer problems like that so we have
been supporting I mean everything that
has been produced by the global
community in order to convince the
Iranian counterparts to reach the
well-known terms and agreements and you
should really commend them that they
went to a lot of compromises and they
are very true to all of their
commitments very recently I met with the
Hat of the International atomic agency a
very reputable organization and very
respectful person who we all trust in
yet again he told me that based on the
data that they have Iran completely
stands up to all of the commitments that
they took so what is it we should punish
them for I don't understand it
so this is the first part now the second
thing is what may happen if this whole
deal is devastated would it be
beneficial to anyone will it be good for
the global community for the future of
the regions will the regional countries
including Israel feel safe the country
that we have very good relations within
very recently Prime Minister Netanyahu
came to Moscow and moreover he
participated in the Victory Day events
and he held in him sent the photograph
of one of the Second World War veterans
and he rose when passing through the Red
Square with us that was a unique gesture
demonstrating very credible trustworthy
relations between us is it going to be
good for this country if Iran is pushed
out of this treaty because the nucleic
tivities by Iran is would be something
that nobody will be able to understand
what kind of risks shall ensue from they
were not able to sort things out with
the northern career because there's a
problem upon a problem upon a problem
nothing has been regulated so do we want
to now produce the second problem of the
same nature I mean the hot spot of the
kind of region that we
it could be so we should very calmly in
a very good-natured professional way
maintain this dialogue and find a
resolution button as far as sanctions
are concerned I already mentioned it
they have always been supportive of the
legitimate activities level of the UN
Security Council's and never supported
anything that is being literally forced
upon everybody else president macron can
I can I ask you total Airbus Rendell all
these French companies have deals with
the ROM how can you protect them can you
offer them financial guarantees because
they will may not be able to trade with
America look at the clear the boxes
which it was near the house and well in
France where also participated in
preparing and signing this treaty of
2018 to 15 and we remain within it and
second point a France beginning from
September 2017 in order to maintain the
interest of all the stakeholders because
this to broaden this particular topic it
include Arthur items nuclear area
post-2020 and the regional you know
technologies in ballistic technologist
this is the framework that we work
within and so within this context the
United States in a unilateral manner
made a decision to withdraw from the
city I believe this is wrong and I would
like for the next month in a short-term
perspective we who would make sure that
the 2013 treaty shall prevail despite
this unilateral withdrawal in that the
Iranians are going to uphold it and so
within this context we may be well
satisfied by the kind of choice that
Tehran has been demonstrating so far and
so we basically expressed a specific
concerns of the French Republic this is
my responsibility we also gave apply to
our companies and if we undertook
certain commercial protection measures
and I am supporting the measures
undertaken by the European Commission
which is providing for respective
reimbursement
companies as well as working together
with european investment bank and
compensation and we do know express our
condolences to the companies which are
suffering because that would create a
very firm commercial sovereignty there
are much bigger company let you produce
an example they are present here and
this is not only the problem of the
sanctions that they may fall under
because they work in Iran or in Iran but
the problem of their own presence in the
American market and so I will definitely
tell you this white clearly I believe
that France and Europe are against this
exit territoriality because in the
recent years we already suffered because
of what happened in the past and mr.
Putin is very much right because it is
impossible to have any cooperation
if there is no usual trustee so we're
trying to protect what we're kind of
trying to do but I cannot protect the
French companies who are whose the stock
is traded in the American exchanges in
case Americans are making decisions in
as far as the Iranian functions are
concerned and that is something you hear
on this not reacting correctly but can I
legally tell them that I'm going to
protect you and safeguard you but total
and air boss and I'm going to use the
taxpayers money in order to compensate
or losses that may sustain no it is
improper to use taxpayers monies like
that so one shouldn't consider at this
particular project so these companies
because their stock is being traded
globally and they're brought represent
the American market they themselves need
to come up with their own no choice I'm
neither base in executive total nor air
boss or any other company that may be
affected so this companies issued gauge
the potential of the Iranian market and
what kind of risk they may face in the
American market and that doesn't apply
to the exercise I'll say but something
that we organize every time what do we
do every time is that we need to work
with other companies and identify other
ways to finance or those others who fix
their signature to this treaty should
find the industrial legal financial
instruments in order for the industrial
outward
no not to be doubted for example look at
the top total signed an agreement with
the Chinese partners and since they are
present in the American market oh I mean
the Chinese partner is not present here
so they had to exit the Chinese market
but they no Chinese companies are
present in the bennington market so it
means that we maintain our obligation as
we've written within the Iranian treaty
but that reflects the true state of
things so I cannot say that must give up
on their presence of American market so
certain you know potential consequences
runs anything decisions this is not
about trying to help the Chinese
companies you know and deputy chairman
definitely can enjoy this course of
things deal you tried to persuade him
not to quit the climate deal not to
start a trade war not to move the
embassy in Israel to Jerusalem you try
to do all these things you tried a
softly-softly approach and it has not
worked do you now think you should argue
with Trump in that mr. Trump in a much
harder way there was vomit either
instead they Elodie I made an attempt I
tried I continuously worked on that
because that is my responsibility
considering the level of confidence I
have and I believe that I would have
been reprimanded if I wouldn't put all
my energy into trying to avoid this
particular outcome and then I believe
fully in the French foreign policy which
is based upon independence I understand
quite well that there are things that
really try it's very closely with United
States specifically in as far as the
foreign security is concerned and I
indeed enjoy these close relationships
very much but there are certain topics
where we do not see eye to eye with each
other we don't alter stitch to the very
same position all the time
there is also friendship which of all
thanks to our history into a past but
there are certain things as well that we
disagree with for example as far as the
climate document is concerned I wasn't
able to convince President Trump not to
withdraw him because he make this
promise during his election campaign but
I don't believe that the collective
mobilization by we tried to pull
together and in this sense I would like
to extend my gratitude to China and
presidents in pain who immediately felt
the need to act and we were able to do
it in such a way so that nobody else
gave up on this agreement and the speed
of the ratification process speaks very
so at the international level president
Trump simply lost out on this bed
because he couldn't do anything in a
sense that nobody follows him in what he
was trying to do so we need to really
uphold our commitments then I may say
that we are not yet reaching up to the
level that we need to go up to because
we're not sufficiently
quickly reduce the co2 emissions but
that is already our responsibility and
responsibilities of the United State
second point Jerusalem I openly stated
that that was an erroneous decision I
don't think that we need to disturb it
lies the situation in that region which
is relying upon very clearly set forth
principle and the certain balances I
support the decision related to they
being two states because France is
always being adhering to one should
never forget about the people living
there and we need to contingent
negotiations and there have to be two
states which would have its own capital
cities the borders which will be
recognized and which could exist in
peace some decision to move the embassy
was not a very correct one not very
desirable decision we do regret that
this happened we do remember the kind of
events which occurred after the embassy
was inaugurated in Jerusalem and we
understand that this has brought about a
full escalation of various activities or
certainly in a sense Hamas is also
should be held responsible therefore
would like to welcome the present up
buses
resolute decision however several dozens
of people died because of the conflicts
the border conflict with Hamas and
Wolman and then I neither could convince
a president Trump with respect to Iran
but in any case I tried to convince him
and I was standing by opposition I was
saying that we've signed this treaty
specifically within the multilateral
framework and I believe that this
particular approach allowed for a
certain openness in president Trump
acknowledged here we are talking about
the kind of openness whereby we can try
and move towards a different set of
terms in a treaty and I believe the
president gave up on the pen15 treaty
because it was signed by his predecessor
I mean it was bad in his understanding
by default but now it seems to me that
we are enjoying an around support and we
are setting up a coalition and I believe
that we will be able to set forth the
kind of conditions whereby there won't
be a improper escalation and president
putin reminded us about it when he was
speaking about the visit by the Israeli
prime minister to Russia and so now we
need to further continue our discussion
with Iran in order to convince the
United States to creatively go back into
the discussion because will slightly
expand the framework not because we're
giving up on the page of 2015 but
because we are responding to a very
legitimate concern on the part of Israel
a Saudi Arab to a larger extent we're
thinking about the need to stabilize the
situation in the whole region and so I
believe that the kind of dialogue that I
had with President Trump was very
necessary but it was also very useful
because it enabled to open up for this
particular future that enables us to
move forward of course this is very
important efforts related to try and
convince there is friendship on the one
hand there is an alliance on the other
hand which is necessary and one we need
to combat terrorism and in the security
mints and I shall continue this work
because that is my duty and vice
president wang shichong you we have the
issue
you can now run for president of Russia
as well the prime minister of our Bay
and vice president wang shichong we have
the issue of America North Korea and the
talks yesterday Donald Trump said the
talks were off and now some rumors where
he says maybe they could come back on I
wanted to ask both of you who you
thought was more to blame for the fact
that the talks may not go ahead is it
North Korea or is it Donald Trump for
pulling back
I wonder vice premier Wang Shushan if I
can come to you first
China has always been an esteemed ally a
big ally of North Korea do you think
they are more to blame this time Michael
Kendall
bitterish no goddamn goddess enough not
as for the summit between North Korea
and the u.s. it was an event we were
looking forward to this is that as given
in a UN Security Council resolution the
issue of WMDs ballistic missiles who
these weapons have to be effectively
eliminated and that was the main goal of
a summit between the u.s. and North
Korea and through holding such a summer
we should advance the resolution of this
issues and as I said when I talked with
Japan and North Korea have this issue of
enforced disappearance many Japanese
girls around 13 years old
disappeared they were kidnapped and in
2002 Kim jong-nam
or recognized this fact the fact of
kidnapping of Japanese girls and these
issues have to be given a comprehensive
resolution dialogue dialogue for the
sake of a dialogue is pointless dialect
needs to lead to actions and this was
the path we were following yes there
were many eight years but as for a
summit between North Korea and the US I
think in future we have to do everything
so as to ensure such a summit between
South Korea and the u.s.
and to that and the issues that I've
piled up have to be resolved kim jong-in
published a statement saying but you'll
try to find the opportunity to organize
such a summit between the two countries
others should also pull the efforts
together such countries as the permanent
members of the UN Security Council
France Russia and the other members of
the UN Security Council all of them have
to work together so as to implement the
UN resolution to force North Korea to do
that as well the most important thing is
to continue with our efforts North Korea
should be able to take concrete actions
and I do hope that concrete actions will
be made by all the participants of the
Paris including by North Korea as for
sanctions there is a trend at trying to
find a getaway we are of sanctions duty
to to do that and Japan is trying to
counter that I do have will be able to
prevail all of these efforts do you have
an approach from China's side about an
answer to this problem
well I do chair candy sugar show before
coming here when I watch television and
the internet I saw some news saying that
representatives of the Chinese foreign
ministry have expressed the position of
the Chinese government on the
cancellation of the summit between North
Korea and the US well you asked this
question and I have to tell you that the
north of the nuclear issue of the Korean
Peninsula has a bearing on China's cool
interests China hopes for peace and
stability in the Korean Peninsula under
no circumstances should we allow a war
many clashes to happen in this peninsula
that is why we should promote the
process of declare denuclearization of
the Korean Peninsula and we adhere to
very determined to such a position on
that matter yes yesterday I read some
news despite the statement of President
Trump or the statement of North Korea
both sides still leave some maneuver for
a discussion so I'm confident that peace
and stability in the Korean Peninsula
have to be maintained and it's between
North Korea and the u.s. right now and a
summit is needed she
which have a big so I often believe that
you achieve the best result you've got
to wait for a long time but in order to
settle this issue I believe we have to
be full of hope and hope is about the
theme of this forum Madame Lagarde in a
second but do you have any advice that
the world in terms of how to deal with
President Trump because you were
somebody who was associated with the
election of President Trump and yes you
look and see what has happened there are
many people here under sanctions
he has just withdrawn from their round
deal there are doubts about the North
Korean deal what do you think you have
got from the relationship with him the
same question that I asked mr. macro but
I work at them well he's in a jean
propagator I was not connected to the
Trump electoral campaign no well
certainly we cannot be satisfied with
the current level and the nature of the
American Russian relations and we're
willing to engage and there's dialogue
mr. Trump has suggested that a separate
meeting should be held so far we didn't
manage to work it out yet because many
issues are popping up but we are willing
to have this conversation a substantive
one I think his high time we're engaged
in that we need him out lateral approach
like that on many domains
Donald Trump has expressly concerned
about a new arms race and I concur with
him fully the measures that we are
talking about in North Korea Iran
they're not bringing us together but
that is another reason to talk about
these matters I mean well has said that
Europe and the United States have mutual
obligations Europe is dependent on the
u.s. in terms of security
one shouldn't be alarmed will help will
help ensure the security and in any case
we're going to do everything in our
power so as to avoid any new threats I
think this is the Avenue we should be
pursuing that's the first thing
secondly I'll enter sort of a discussion
with president of France who said that
Donald Trump or lost because he pulled
out from the Iranian deal I don't think
he lost first and foremost he is just
doing good on his electoral promises and
in that sense is a victor domestically
but should this deal be demolished for
good then many will stand to lose and we
have to do everything so as to avoid the
crumbling of this Iranian nuclear deal
and for that and we have to work with
all the participants of the process
primarily with the United States of
America why is that I'm going to reveal
some suitcase to you how was this deal
prepared it was mostly dialogue between
the u.s. and Iran and all the other
participants of the process were simply
adjusting the course Russia included and
we did that very often so as to secure
Iran's interest I'm not going to you to
hide that but at the end everyone
arrived at a common denominator
after some in-depth bilateral talks
between Iran and the United States of
America
despite all the difficulties it seems
two countries did manage to come to an
agreement and right now the president of
the US doesn't shut the tool to talks he
only says that he is dissatisfied with
many things but he does not rule out an
agreement but this has to be a two-way
street so one shouldn't paint too gloomy
a picture if we want to preserve
something we've got it leave the door
open to any gay shaking princess entity
final result and I think all is not lost
yet no bTW anybody good I'd like to say
that as for the Iranian deal I'm not
saying that Trump lost I talked about
the Paris climate deal I said that she
couldn't threaten this agreement at the
international level I'm just talking
about the consequences but it is our
agreement as for security matters I'd
like to assure of Latimer but I'm not
afraid at all because France has armed
forces that are fully capable of
protecting the country but I've got some
obligations the commitments with regard
to our European allies I believe the
current architecture of European
security that I've just talked about as
an area of our responsibility anyway
we're not going to turn our backs on one
another and we couldn't in true security
to the detriment of others and that is
how we should act I think I'm not afraid
and I'd like to express my
responsibility and make good on it
I should know what can use them by EPSA
you know certainly one shouldn't be Cray
afraid but you see the practice is there
we are talking about Iran all the same
but there was the practice of the US
sanctions used against European economic
operators we saw an example nine
brilliance I think parried by French
bank Deutsche Bank they were fined for
breach of unilateral sanctions and they
had no choice but to pay up and I think
the same happened to Japanese bank and
this is something we have to put an end
to because that is unacceptable that is
what I'm talking about and should this
practice continued nothing good will
come out of it because that undermines
the current world order we've got to
agree with our American counterparts on
some join rules of game because that is
very important because that what
underlies our current discussion trust
that if it's either there or not if
there is no trust then nothing good will
come out of that and as I said when I
spoke about it from the element of force
nothing will be left international
affairs and that will result in tragedy
I share your point of view fully
everything you said about financial
issues and economic matters there is no
doubt about that that is something I
also spoke about we've got to build a
stable a useful World Order and that
will rest on multilateralism and
sovereignty and sovereignty presupposes
respect for interests of citizens and
companies who are dependent on their
country and in that sense we concur
fully and we have to have the necessary
tools and that is something we've got to
reach an agreement with with the US and
there's something I'd like to say I
wanted to ensure our sovereigns here and
all the decisions I made once I entered
into office was to that end and as for
security
there is no suspicion there at all we
have common history we have the
collective system of defence and
security that is very important for
Europe and for the US and I think the
mistake that was made of the last two
decades consisted in the fact that
through NATO we did manage to make good
on all the commitments that we undertook
in the past and that was not very just
and we didn't share enough trust which
wrote a net Russia could count I have to
tell you the truth here that's why I've
come here yes in terms of financial
economic sovereignty trade and security
the EU France and Russia have to build a
new architecture which will help us
advance in an atmosphere of trust and we
shouldn't confuse these two matters but
I can concur with President Putin
something President Putin if you look at
this if you look around this room there
are you would seem to be evidence that
sanctions do not work virtually everyone
I meet here has been sanctioned in some
way and yet Russian business continues
to thrive do sanctions still have any
effect at all
look today we were talking about sports
and my good friend mr. prime minister he
imagined that Russia and Japan are going
to play against each other in the World
Cup final just to mention that we lose
that is going to be a totally bad thing
to happen it's unimaginable but it's not
all about this the thing is that the
kind of an environment is evolving in
the world where everyone is playing
football at the same time they are
applying the judo thight rules a very
interesting game comes out of it it's
not the football nor it a judo it's just
a chaos that is where we're going and
that is something that we're concerned
with it's really not about the results
of this whole called sanctions and
restrictions being applied and the fact
that the people are here who feel what
it is understand what it is the
encounter waters is a permanent majority
of them is here because there's a
sectional Club is that Han is being
applied more and more often and not only
with respect to Russia now is it good or
bad can it be overcome or not well
certainly the Russian economy is
evidently stable despite in a triple or
double shocks related to the price
decline on our traditional exports
staples energy metals chemicals the
chemical the sectional pressure on top
of it so it all came upon us some people
who were able to persevere and pass
trade and to a certain extent were able
to strengthen our economy and I'm very
grateful to Christine she specifically
described what should be considered a
positive thing in the development of the
Russian economy I a the Mokka chronic
component anyway everybody sustains
losses but secondly that contains things
because these restrictions
the ability to develop because our
company's not able to enjoy full lending
internationally so that leads to set
restrictions at a certain stage then a
breakthrough is taking place ways of
resolving the problems I've found and
everybody comes into a place so in the
end of the day this particular policy
doesn't carry any sense data economic
nor political not a military one as far
as the military is concerned as I
mentioned it one of the reasons behind
the attempts to curtail Russia not allow
Russia to develop defense technologies
but very recently we were able to
demonstrate and we were able to really
take over many of our partners in these
defense technologies despite these
sanctions so this is senseless and it's
quite detrimental at the same time I
just would like to make one point and
it's certainly not for me to have an
opinion on what is national security and
and the leaders here are much better at
that but when we decide to rebuild
reorganize redefine the architecture of
the international order and the
militarism I think we need to be really
careful as to the transparency and the
actual impact because while we are
referring to decisions that have been
made by mr. Trump recently the ambiguity
that is embedded in the u.s. national
law system has actually affected many
companies that are represented here even
when the United States and its allies
decided to lift the sanctions on Iran
many companies here in this room did not
do business with Iran or they used some
very funny financial circuits involving
some strange banks sometimes in order to
do business with Iran simply because the
US legal system and judiciary system is
such circumvented and obscure
constructively for the US interests that
there is no confidence even though the
sanctions had been lifted
so I think in in rebuilding and
redesigning the actual impact at home
domestically in the various countries
that the party to those agreements
really need to be clarified and that
applies to the sanctions that have been
decided against some Russian individuals
as well where there is great uncertainty
as to whether or not they are targeted
themselves their shareholding in
companies the companies themselves some
holdings large territories of their
corporate Empire so that that is a real
issue of confidence that is simply not
there and needs to be addressed can I
can I change the subject a bit with you
towards the broader subject of global
trade which you discussed and we have
had a great deal of criticism of America
on this panel on many different issues
unilateral ones where it is seem to take
a unilateral approach but the other side
of the trade dispute of the biggest
trade dispute at the moment is China you
have the vice president sitting next
door to you what do you think China
should do to open up its markets to
America and where do you think it should
play its part in that mrs. Legault first
of all you know trade has been good to
China and trade has been good to many
other countries as well in improving
living standards in lifting people out
of poverty and in acting as a driver for
growth and trade is a driver for growth
around the world and has been now after
10 years of depressed growth and
depressed trade trade is finally picking
up and finally growing faster than
global growth so it's really an
imperative not just for China but for
all countries that rely on trade for
their growth to defend the International
order in which trade is operated now
that as I understand it the complain
that the US has visited China is of two
different natures one is China sells
more than it buys from the US
that is the bilateral trade deficit
between the United States and China it's
a very strange way to look at the
balancing act around the world and one
country should not look at one single
deficit with another country but its
overall position vis a vie the rest of
the world that's how it really works and
it's you know a strange complain the
second side of the complain of the
United States is that in the trade game
that is played by all the allegation
against China is that it does not
respect the intellectual property rights
it forces transfers of Technology when
it accepts foreign direct investors in
China it subsidizes some of its
state-owned enterprises and according to
the allegations it is unfair trade
practices that need to be investigated
looked into and eventually sanctioned
and if that is true well there is a
forum to debate those issues and the WTO
to which China is a party to which the
United States is a party which it was an
original founder of should be the forum
where that is debated and then it's a
question of making sure that decisions
made are effectively implemented by
China so to do it outside that forum is
number one not the right way to go
because it's ignoring the rules that
you've actually volunteered a number to
taking a unilateral approach that is
going to be a self-inflicted wound on
the economy that decides it if I tell
you that when the u.s. decided sanctions
many years ago against China in the
field of tires you know the big tires
that go on the big lorries each job
saved in the United States cost nine
hundred thousand dollars per job saved
this is not a way to go the cost-benefit
analysis should drive to that conclusion
vice president vice president want why
Shushan you see you have applauded mrs.
ligardi do you or do you see it how do
you see China approaching this dispute
is this an area where America has got it
completely wrong or is a room for China
to open up its markets first of all I
would like to emphasize that in China I
was not involved in regulation of the
trade issue which is not part of my
authority but historically I did some
work as a deputy chairman of the state
council when I was overseeing the issues
of our relationship with the United
States in as far as the trade was
concerned between China and us between
our two countries
it's very fast pace very often we are
holding consultations and believe that
we must act in a reserved manner and we
should not be emotional about it the
China Chairman's Indian ping he once
stated that China is not afraid of
anything it doesn't make sense for China
to provoke an incident we believe that
in any case we need to avoid any trade
war because there won't be any witness
in such a war
like the case was in the example of the
war between England and France hundred
years it lasted for but in the textbook
about history there's only one line
describing it which says third Franz
took a great victory in that war in the
current world and mutual benefit or
zero-sum game this is a very serious
matter and the Chinese government has
always been following the principles of
mutual benefit because that is something
that will bring good to all of the
peoples on the world and will reflect
the interest of all of the nations
chairman's is a pain came out with such
an initiative to create the community of
the single Destiny specifically based
upon the ability to go either for the
mutual benefit of the zero game such a
choice is something that everyone should
ponder and that is my short reply to a
question it's just that I want also to
say thank you very much for your
question so now I know that you have
always studied America you are a student
of Alexis de Tocqueville you often talk
about America do you still think do you
still think that China can learn from
America or do you think it is now past
it
there are a lot of things that we can
learn from America because America is
the only global superpower
despite the soft power or the whole how
they're still number one this is the
biggest developed country and the China
the biggest emerging country the first
economy and the second economy in terms
of volume and so we need to cooperate
and we know quite well about it without
a single emotion we should try to
achieve the best possible results but we
should be ready to face any
circumstances and that is the wisdom of
the philosophy of the Chinese people you
are you are an ally of America and yet
it has caused you some trouble over
trade have you changed your opinion of
America to mother nor foe mabuki toss
into each other's name WTO Naruto sail
vortex enacted on it hora de la McCann
right the famous motto Toba a tech go
for adam a new treaty america mani sani
ill or new point i state imposes jolla
duties in japan
despite being the US an i but we did
surgery with from the point of view of
national securities countries should
impose duties but the fact of the matter
is that sixty percent of the japanese
produce is still the United States
doesn't have any alternative to the
products exported from Japan so American
consumers will suffer the ones who
consume Japanese products we gave a
detailed story about it to President
Trump as far as trade is concerned one
should not only pay attention to the
trading dues balance which is something
that I told to present trial many times
we ought to think not only about the
commodity trade these balances but of
course we've got to quite a positive
surplus 97 billion u.s. dollars which is
not as big as what China has but in
services and the financial sector we
experience quite a deficit in Japan with
respect to United States and also
investing into America we create a lot
of jobs 69 billion u.s. dollars was the
surplus but whereas the American
automotive in construction companies
produce automobiles in the territories
of the United States and exported them
and that is seventy five point five
billion US dollars worth so this is the
kind of the revenue that the Japanese
companies generate in the Church of the
United States for the United States and
so it is really worthwhile noting this
like I previously stated I believe that
it is necessary to pay a systemic
attention to trade as such and acts
within the WTO rules which is something
that we speak about domestically as well
as call upon our American partners to
act in the sense that as far as the TTP
agreement is concerned according to the
pre-election agreements and commitments
trauma with truth from this treaty about
is is a very significant framework which
also includes the international property
loss protection Environmental Protection
and other areas and therefore such
comprehensive rules aren't necessary
there to continue developing fair trade
and this is the kind of thinners that we
need to develop together unfortunately
the gas withdrew from this government
but right now 11 nations have come to an
agreement and assigned the TTP argument
and have ratified this 11 nations and we
would very much like for the
ratification process to gradually in
speedy be unfolding in other countries
so that possibly United States will
change its mind the other rest of Europe
the newspapers and so this conference of
creating devoted building the economy of
trust option of Malaysia Airlines plane
mh17 with respect to the the downing of
the Malaysian aircraft based in Kirkuk
when you were asked about this yesterday
you you said you you did not have an
explanation
I wondered now what is the explanation
have they made this up or was the
missile allowed to cross into Ukraine
what happened to the chain of command on
this particular issue
yes should I go a little more I said it
yesterday can repeat it unfortunately we
are not privy to a full-fledged
investigation and that is why we don't
have the reasons to completely accept
there is also such investigation not
participating in it but the arguments
that we prepare in order to for them to
be taken into account in this
investigation not being accepted by the
investigating committee let me remind us
yet again that there's very sorrowful
tragedy and like it was mentioned
yesterday we should always think about
the beloved ones and the families of
those who died who who died because of
this type of catastrophe we will
certainly always remember it but somehow
or other the fact that Ukraine doesn't
did not perform on its obligations set
forth by the a car the International
Civil Aviation Organization didn't close
the airspace over the territory where
hostilities were going on somehow nobody
remembers this there are different
versions of this tragedy but somehow or
other nobody's taking these into account
so if there is no comprehensive
investigation it will certainly be very
difficult for us to accept the
conclusions of the investigating
Commission which works without our
participation but we unfortunately had
other tragic in the events related to
Ukraine
once they shot down the Russian aircraft
which was flying to Russia from Israel
over the Black Sea and they didn't you
know admit that so they were behind it
they didn't pay any compensation
unfortunately we have a lot of negative
practices with Ukraine but in as far as
this particular tragic case is concerned
we would like to fully participate in
the investigation one last question on
that are you saying this was not a
Russian missile this was not a Russian
army missing your finish it was not
certainly it was not I shall repeat
there are several versions including
whereby that was the Ukrainian army
missile Ukrainian warplanes was involved
there is nothing that would be accepted
by us in terms of the final conclusion
without us full to being involved
investigation subjects you you have you
actually have many disagreements with
mr. Putin as you pointed out I wondered
whether your approach towards dealing
with him is something that you will
continue in the same vein you've come
here to make your case on Iran you've
come here to make your case on other
things what is your view about what is
the best way for Russia to rebuild it
its ties with the West the Boxee on some
corner well basically speaking it has
all have been mentioned and one should
take here very moderate position with
respect to the lasting issue there to
throw time I would say that peasant
Putin is completely correct we should
remember the victims of this tragedy the
family members the families in Denver in
Holland Belgium but independent
investigation has been set forth so it
is very important now to organize
cooperation and so they're much agree
with what mr. Putin yesterday mentioned
that we need to cooperate with the
system of justice in Netherlands in
order to understand what kind of results
were arrived at and in what way but what
is important in significant within the
contemporary context we need to maintain
a continuous dialogue we also need to do
some good fruitful work in the area of
collective security specifically as far
as the middle east is concerned
yesterday I believe that we have
advanced ourselves quite well along such
important issues like Iran to ensure
that the 2015 agreement prevails and
trying to further work and negotiating
about it with
- Cydia we also undertook a John
humanitarian initiative as well as we
have agreed upon the way the mechanism
existing between ourselves should
further work I mean the Astana group and
the so-called the smaller group which
was initiated by France several months
ago with a number of permanent Security
Council UN Security Council members the
UK UASs as well as Germany as well as
certain other regional nations such as
Jordan and Egypt and so we agreed to set
up a coordination mechanism so as to be
able to work within a single agenda so
as together work to put together a
common roadmap in order to ensure a good
future for Syria to ensure peaceful
sovereignty and which would be inclusive
one in terms of the processes taking
place in this country and further on we
should together build our future in
Europe in a political sense as well
because I presume that this is something
that I would rather say that this
depends upon our capability to resolve
the Ukrainian crisis and so in this part
of the Schmitt is concerned we've got
the Minsk Accord we have the Normandy
format within which we're going to
continue to act a part of that we need
to continue a strategic dialogue on the
matters of security cyberspace and
economics and that is exactly what we've
been busy with together and we've
envisaged a very specific action because
I'm sure that you noted that was signed
about 50 agreements in the economic
strategic areas very important ones as
well as in the area of this famous base
we are also agreed to work together in
order to develop and put together a
single chart within which we'll be able
to resolve different disputes and that
is very important point in specificity
as well here we've been able to exchange
some humorous words certainly there is
really macro understanding between
Russia in the European Union in journey
past decay
which can say more precisely we are
talking about the European Union NATO
and Russia and France which has always
been pursuing an independent foreign
policy which has a very strong army
which has a very clear current foreign
policy so I suppose that France can act
in a very optimal way in order to build
and think more about this architecture
because politically in a military way in
terms of this security and in the
economic in terms of this cyberspace to
build
certain lines of force in certain
commonality the common language if I may
say so I would insist that that will be
very important of any useful for the
stability in Europe and for all the
world about is going to be only good for
our peoples Japan's nepeta said the deal
magis I think that one should be
cautious about any possible expansion
because there used to be a bit of a
euphoria on the part of the European
Union but when you are expending without
reforming anything that really doesn't
come out very effectively so it seems to
me that the European Union should be
more sober and more unified more
democratic and should understand what is
its strategic priorities so I believe
that there is a bit of a centralized
Union which shares certain roles from
the point of view of Texas Asian as well
as from the point of view of Labor
regulation but there is also another
Europe verb which is somewhat in other
regions which is not part of this
centralized nucleus and in this sense of
course the Russia has a place in such a
group and so I often think about the
Russia place in the consulate because
the common space of law and values which
identifies our countries as a broader
Europe I believe this is quite feasible
and I believe that certain work needs to
be put into it
reform is necessary on the part of the
European Union but on top of that I
believe that it's very important for us
to enjoy
very deep common strategic projects for
the
future years to come don't do voodoo
Caesar PTZ said presently well that
really depends upon the two of you if
you allow me to express this joke to you
dear Jordan well Lipper Afghan jihad
issue there are certain points in
history when fear may be one to make
certain decisions I don't think that
we're due to that but we do carry a lot
of responsibility at the point in time
when we hear talk about it is your
President Putin what is your goal for
Russia and the West where do you want
where do you want to see Russia in the
West
despite all these misunderstandings we
could have gone through many other ones
where do you actually want to take
Russia do you want st. Petersburg this
place which is seen as the symbol of the
Western capital of Russia
can you imagine this again being
integrated into Europe in the sort of
way that mr. macron described
every nation has its national priorities
and its own interests and I spoke about
in the course of my presentation here
and it will certainly be striving to
achieve our national interest now in
terms of what they are today and for the
foreseeable future first and foremost in
our internal development because we need
to provide for the growth of labour
productivity in this country's economy
we need to create terms and conditions
to attract investments because without
investments it would be impossible to
result another problem it would be
impossible to diversify our economy
Madame Lagarde yesterday told me about
it and also made a hint about today as
well we've got four point five percent
of growth of investment into fixed
capital last year well the economic
growth was 1.1 percent which was a good
indicator and accelerated investment but
that is not enough absolutely not enough
but in order for us to be able to
attract capital from a friendly
companies and nations we need to
maintain good relations with the Europe
with the rest of the world with the
United States as well we're very well
aware of this but if we are to be forced
into choice should we exist as a
sovereign state or certain restrictions
should be imposed upon us we will
certainly go for the first option
because these substances which have upon
the scales are incompatible in existence
of nations or certain investments as a
pittance of a sort we are trying to
achieve the kind of investments so as to
bring back or establish the new rules of
the games in the area of security and
the international policy with the help
of the currently existing institutions
which definitely should further evolve
but on that particular ground we want to
resolve the following matter to
diversify the Russia's economy to
kid innovative who want to work
artificial intellect and technology
development and actually Christian
expressed some concern of the robotics
and the loss of employment you know this
is not so much fearful I should say
although these kinds of phobias do exist
and people fear this and there is a
danger of this but as dean by the
international experts only five percent
of workplaces globally could be
completely automated only ten percent
have already been automated out of what
can be done right now so there is a lot
of room both for the Russian economy as
well at the global economy and upon this
ground who want to achieve the most
important objective to achieve the most
important objective we want to raise the
level the quality of our life we want to
reduce number of people who live before
below the poverty line we want to
achieve the situation whereby the
biggest performance indicator the
lifespan should increase up to seven to
eight years by 2024 and by 2030 for it
to be 80 plus this is everything
feasible but amongst other conditions
favourable external conditions are
necessary in we're going to do
everything we can in order to achieve it
without forgetting that and that is also
the point of our national interest that
at the same time we cannot sacrifice our
sovereignty and our fundamental
interests so I hope that this
equilibrium between the Russia and our
partners will be found can I ask you one
final question is who will win the World
Cup
the organizers will win who at a
respective level will organize this
excellent facility for the whole of the
international community for all of those
who love this excellent international
game that is what we see is our ultimate
objective but in as far as the winning
team is concerned as they say the
strongest shall win and I would very
much like this to be a real celebration
for all those who love this sports both
for the football players and for our
guests will do everything for both
defense and the players to feel in
Russia like home I hope you will see
that retail retail politics still works
in Russia I would like to thank our
panel very much I've been told my here
we have to wrap up I would like to thank
the audience particularly for waiting I
know you had to wait a long time before
we came on stage like the Rolling Stones
we took our time I would like to thank
christine lagarde I'd like to thank vice
president wang shichong I would like to
thank Prime Minister Shinzo our be
President Putin and president macro and
thank you all very much
I'm sorry if it missed some of your own
questions - thank ya yes history's and
on my part and on behalf of more like
colleagues I would like to express my
gratitude to a moderator today because I
believe it was done in a very
professional way you've managed to
really turn this discussion is a very
lively very interesting discussion thank
you very much
