on the Global Agenda and I would like to
address president Park Ron and say that
today we have several reporters who have
mentioned your activity as a Minister of
economics it seems that you have more
than any other foreign guest studied the
cult of our innovative platform and the
projects using your inspiration
are being implemented right now in the
innovations computer center also found
out one of the RDI F and projects which
is implemented together with project
it's called arc international was
supported by us when you were on the
post of minister of the economy and
right now this fund has signed six new
deals I believe that mr. Mitra of will
confirm that you have some very serious
intentions I'd like to say that possibly
there are projects which may be
unexpected
for example T&K the pipe metallurgy
company was working together with our
Equinix
its main competitors in order to create
a global alliance I believe the states
would support such a project it will be
a truly global company there are so many
proposals well rather the statements of
the fact that there are French companies
localized in Russia and they're entering
third countries markets for example a
year ago at the same forum there was a
agreement signed with Santa Fe and
Orloff Oblast and insulin drugs are
being already imported to Europe I
believe that your group is given
instructions to Russian local people to
enter other markets and I believe that
this is promising
I believe that this go for improvement
of the markets for automobile building
for example
maybe so once again I would like to
highlight that we saw a positive
sentiment preparedness to facilitate
projects not only to large companies but
also to SMEs it is great that we have a
very efficient associations and
organizations for example today we have
signed media international together with
Russian trade Russian union of
industries we have trained on dialogue
we have a special counsel a humanitarian
economic projects being developed we
hope that all these avenues b2b
cooperation would work together with
NGOs as well for an efficient dialogue
with authorities with leadership while
possibly with the heads of state if it's
necessary for support of large projects
we believe that such dialogue will lead
to positive results in rebuilding trade
investments and I would like to
highlight once again to step-by-step
settlement in geopolitical issues thank
you very much
Cassandra see Hawaii we predict meal a
meal of each poutine mr. president of
the Russian Federation
mr. macron president of the french
republic
dear co-chairs of trying on dialogue
dear governor
dear mr. mayor
your excellency a passenger of France
ambassador of Russia dear friends right
now we have the task to recap in three
minutes possibly many hours of operation
many instances of cooperation and our
history of past 50 years of cooperation
France is the number one job creator for
Russia for for foreign country you know
that 170,000 people are taking part in
this event and I believe that half of
them is half of French entrepreneurs as
small and medium businesses right now
where we're working on building
trustworthy dialogue between our
enterprises and with Russian enterprises
and we're trying to build ties we
believe that such investments and our
economic relations are a necessary
precondition for our countries and our
nations to come closer together
it is impossible to do if the world is
torn apart so we have to move on to
achieving a common goal a common
reprimand now we have a one common
Avenue this is sustainable cities green
city sustainable economy I wanted to
save you I want to save you a digital
one it should be
citizen friendly and they have to it has
to be secure it has to be green in good
environmental conditions urban planning
is extremely important as well what kind
of recommendations you can give I can
give in this this fear you have to work
with municipal entities in Russia there
should be legal tools and the necessary
legislation in place which would be used
on the ground thanks to municipal
entities as for innovative projects in
long-term outlook we know that there are
new processes taking place artificial
intelligence fully digital enterprises
this allows - this allows entrepreneurs
to gain more and more of the Russian
market and all this to the benefit of
the whole of the humanity right now our
friend our French and Russian
enterprises have developed a whole range
of bilateral projects and we have an
overall recommendation due to the fact
that we're going through tough times
including the sanction regime we need
strong political commitment political
will which would support investment
policy I believe that here we have a key
word for all investors and this is trust
this is the red line topic in for it for
st. Petersburg forum as well the quality
of investment that has been made into
Russia has already reflected the level
of trust of French enterprises to the
Russian market right now many
entrepreneurs are asking themselves the
question questions about the future mr.
president we need your support in such
an unstable global environment to
develop our long-term strategy
we're optimistic by Nature we'll like to
take risks and we're prepared to live
and to work together on creation of a
better new world for the next five years
we would like to build this project the
project of the city of the future to be
your priority as well it would like for
us all to have a new ambition I would
like to end this with quote from Nina
Berber Eva who was born in st.
Petersburg and spent most of your life
in st. Petersburg nothing is written and
before us we all would like to have the
future written by us thank you very much
I would like to give you this small
token
mmm mostly shira's always bad
well next time mr. Curtis could you
place a flag of three colors on this
thing because we have the same colors
for our four mineral reflects and
different sequence but the same colors
and we can also add to this add an eagle
to this Cockrell
dear friends this is a this was a great
honor for me to give the forward to mr.
Amendola micron
miss infidelity me they may mr. presence
dear vladimir thank you for the work
conducted thank you for this recap that
you gave us about to work as I said I
believe in good relations between our
countries yesterday we had a long
conversation of our tragic past we were
talking about geopolitical situation as
well as economic sphere that has been
feeding into our relations first and
foremost this is joint projects and
personal connection this is what unites
our nations when I was a minister I did
everything in my power within the Monday
that I had in order to provide more
impetus to our bilateral relations for
cific to find its second life and it
would be impossible without mystery put
in and I would like to explain my my
reasoning behind this satisfaction the
satisfaction comes due to the fact that
throughout this time especially when
Russia entered recession in 2009 2010
French partners French enterprises
stayed in Russia if we take a look ten
years back not a single French
Enterprise has left Russian market for
me it's a very strong message especially
in hard times entrepreneurs large
corporations financial partners from
France stayed in Russia they continued
to make their contribution to the
development of economic sphere in Russia
the source for my motivation is the fact
that our French enterprises today are
hiring about 170,000 and Russian
citizens this is
we're number one in foreign direct
investments for Russia well actually not
the first one where plays a second
because vitomir has said that Germans
ranked number one
so indeed I'm motivated to be at the top
to move from the second place to the
first one
especially when the tide is turning and
situation is improving I believe that we
should not be satisfied for the result
that we have achieved we can do more we
can do better as for jobs as for
investments I'm completely positive
about that and the last thing that I
wanted to mention those partnerships the
function quite well in energy sphere in
industry in financial sphere with all
those enterprises with which are
actively taking part in Russian market
together with Russian investors in
France I would love if we could
consolidate this work this partnership
yesterday we have signed a lot of
agreements in this regard and that shows
our historic ties and today's dynamic in
our relations I would like us to show
commitment and strive to moving on for
example in agro industry we could
achieve so much more and we should
strive for more we have great relations
in our entire space here for example
this is for us and this is very
important for us you were talking about
the coup cosmodrome we can also move on
to move on this goes for the sustainable
green city as well for innovations new
energy sectors alternative energies
renewable energy digital industry
we can also achieve better results there
are many factors the need to make the
production process greener this is the
major need of the innovation we have a
lot of digital industries in France
which are very well represented on the
Russian market several years ago I was
talking about French tech working in
Russia and we should move forward in
this regard we should be more active in
the sphere and I'm very happy that we
have signed yesterday's agreements you
should work on improving cross
investments and to go for the sovereign
services financial sovereignty of Europe
if we want to achieve our strategic
goals we need to have our independent
financing for this project and for these
strategies we need to separate certain
areas from geopolitical tensions from
the geopolitical load and we work on
that with our partners from the EU we
have done a lot and we want to move
further we seek to achieve European
serenity and for that we need to start
with independence and serenity when it
comes to finance we want to have more
startups as a meze these companies are
developing another market but they need
financial stability those are just the
few remarks I wanted to present I
believe in our relationships and I
believe that our bilateral relationships
have a great future ahead the vision of
Europe which I have tells me that Europa
spans from the Atlantic to the Euro I
believe in our relationships I believe
that it will acquire positive dynamics
thank you for your attention
well Raymond knoblauch's ladies and
gentlemen and now I would like to give
the floor to Vladimir Putin I'm not sure
it was a mistake in the interpretation
but Europe spends from Lisbon to
Vladivostok for us you don't need us cuz
it wow I missed my opportunity to say
that you banned it
I wanted to start with that you've
stolen my words I would like to thank
mr. president for finding an opportunity
to come to Russia today here to st.
Petersburg yesterday we had very
detailed talks when it comes to into
that international agenda and bilateral
agenda
the discussion was frank and very open
as well as useful France without
traditional partner long-term partner
and very reliable partner at that
and while reliable why do I mention that
at all is because France always had its
own position when it came to
international agenda and it always seeks
to defend its sovereignty we highly
value that nowadays it is very important
and very much appreciated because this
is the precondition for stability in the
relationships on the global arena
between states or inter-atomic
relationships stability is first and
foremost we develop our relationships
with France progressively 16.5% that's
the growth of our trade turnover last
year and this quarter that's plus 25% as
for investments there are 15 billion in
foreign direct investment and as for
Russian investment that's two and a half
round free but French investment is not
not enough now I have to disappoint
Emmanuel Germany doesn't take the first
spot
China holds the first spot when it comes
to investment and trade turnover
our treaty with China is around 850
billion dollars what how much
oh yeah eight point six billion I'm
sorry that was a mistake with the
European Union we had four hundred and
fifty billion dollars but it was it has
fallen almost twofold
but with China we see growth sustainable
growth and we will reach a hundred
billion soon I'm sorry that was my
mistake my bed as for investment
how much Ford has invested for him I'm
sorry fortune the Finnish company some
six billion just one Finnish company and
the whole of France only fifteen billion
is that normal
not really that is true and I would like
to draw your attention to the fact that
I recall this Fortran company this is
the Finnish energy company we've allowed
them access to the most sensitive areas
in Siberia including those objects that
belong to the nuclear cycle so Russian
economy is very open to our partners and
highly reliable because regardless of
all the turbulence currently observed we
have managed to achieve micro economic
stability that is very important for
invested
we've been continuously working on
targeting inflation and we have managed
to do that just last year the inflation
stood at the record low 2.5 percent the
central bank says that this year will
have 2.8 percent
some experts thinks that it's going to
be higher but that's still the mark of
stability and we've been taking targeted
actions and not just because the
commodity prices are growing last year
we saw we managed to cut our expenses
and to to cut the deficit to 1.5 percent
and this year we have a profit of 0.5%
at the same time unemployment rate is
5.1 percent
the historic low as well all of this
taken together is very good and our gold
reserves are growing as well increasing
as well at the beginning of the year we
had four hundred and thirty billion now
we have 450 or 460 billion in gold
reserves as for trade balance we also
have that showing positive dynamics some
130 billion millions if I'm not mistaken
this creates the basis for
very firm and robust actions we believe
that our friends French companies are
going to keep developing their
businesses in Russia and they're going
to get revenue and profit just yesterday
I met with the investors
the main invest investors who contribute
to Russian economy in certain foreign
funds and foundations have undertaking
unprecedented measures they
automatically co-invest with our Russian
direct investment fund automatically
into any project where our fund invests
our partners invested well because they
trust the Russian partner we understand
that this is our task to create
attractive conditions for investors this
is one of the key areas we are working
on this is quite evident for us and we
do take that into account
just on par with the need to increase
our industrial capacity that's now
stands at 5% together that's the target
we want to achieve we want to have a
structured economy but the path for that
allies through investment because it is
for his investment that we want to
achieve the adoption of the key decision
to change the structure of economy to
make it more innovative mr. Shah keen
said that I was infected a way of
digitalization but I feel fine I was not
infected the global economy is now
carrying digitalization and being
pregnant with something is not a disease
that's a normal state those are probably
ladies applauding and during one of the
panels eager olives talked about that
that's clear why he's not in the
government right now he's not father he
is going to work in one of the
Development Bank's in Russia together
with the government so he'll be in high
demand
my French colleague talked about the
need to develop cities this is one of
the areas which we see as a priority the
development of space in general our
French colleagues have a lot of
expertise they are truly world-class
experts and president has been talking
about our joint work in outer space but
this is not the only thing we do
together just last year we had 15 or 17
launches and for this year we have two
or three launches at kuru I would like
to remind you that we also work together
in aircraft construction and our medium
range aircraft superjet 100 I'm not sure
about the percentage at least 25% first
25% of this aircraft are French
components and we are already selling
this aircraft and French markets we know
that the business is very complex and
it's very hot to promote your products
on this market when it comes to aircraft
construction we are working in
pharmaceuticals in constructions
together
loads of areas where we work together
and I really like that we have very
diversified relationships with France
and working from that we can assure our
future success and president micron
talked about the need to boost economic
serenity but this is the task the whole
world now faces I'm not going to go into
detail not going to point fingers at
anyone I'm not going to criticize anyone
we're not gathered here for that but it
is quite evident that we need to boost
our market capacities to create robust
cooperation we need to resist the
closure of markets
any type of separatism in this sense
economic separatism would not lead to
anything good we have all the
opportunities in place would you not
have to oppose ourselves to anyone but
we might develop cooperation and achieve
positive results undoubtedly those
results would benefit both Russia and
France thank you very much mr. Putin
president macron and the protocol has
allowed us to present one reporter from
the business community if you have the
time you can listen to them and see our
business in person the business which is
implementing our joint projects now we
are going to give the float to the
French colleague and then the Russian
colleague I would like to give the floor
to mr. Poe um that took Tao root
president chairman as I represent French
business it is an honor for me to be
here I'm the co-chair of the Russian
French Chamber of Commerce we are a
major investor of France in this country
and we invest some nine billion dollars
into Russia this is a little bit more
than the Finnish company that you gave
us an example so our honor is defended
and Russia is implementing a strategy of
supplying energy resources thanks to
natural gas and LNG the mo energy
project and the future project which we
signed yesterday on Arctic to gas is an
energy resource which is used more and
more on the world because
it is in line with the climate change
because the co2 emissions are twice lo
where I mean you when we say use coal we
can say that here ma is a kind of a
bridge between various nations around
the globe and by strengthening the ties
between nations we bring stability in
the long term perspective and we do have
a far vision ahead so we need to have
this profit perspective this the first
question we do observe certain
international tensions and this does
influence economic activities because it
effects all these activities all around
the globe and how can Russia decrease
those tensions in order to improve the
investment and business climate and to
bring more investment to your country
and another question I would like to
raise is related to the development of
LNG projects this is the source of
innovations and not only total is
investing into Russia but also other
French companies they work with us they
work with a system the energy system
they are very much present in Russia and
we are proud of that and for those major
projects we need help from this state
because we are talking about major
infrastructural project and liamail
project and the Russian government has
already investment into building port
infrastructure and providing sea and
marine access I guess that you remember
that you visited Yamal in in January and
I would like to invite mr. micron so to
see this tempo of the 21st century which
is built in those northern lands this is
a new border providing your investment
so mr. Putin I thank you for your
support provided to the Arctic project
this is highly important and I hope that
we'll be able to support this
infrastructure this is
truly need it for the investment to
develop as for gas we do have
infrastructure development projects
thanks to the construction of pipelines
between Russia and Europe Catala and
Noah Tech and other companies have
managed to come up with the joint
gas industry and we are selling this gas
on the Russian mark in the internal
market we have customers in Europe they
do not see you do not receive any
supplies from gas Brahman I would like
to ask President Putin to carry out a
very courageous reform and maybe
sometime in future you'll be able to
allow us and our joint venture no attack
and total to sell these gas using your
pipelines the Gazprom pipeline's this
would strengthen Russian gets positions
on the global market and this is highly
important and in conclusion I would like
to say that we need we need to tackle
the challenges ahead but still we have a
proper vision of our future partnership
total and any other French partners
present here are still here despite all
the challenges and we want to build
bridges between our countries we do not
want to build what I want to build
bridges and I'm convinced that both
presidents mr. McConnell mr. Putin
you'll be able to destroy the walls they
are trying to construct
we can wait for the second speaker but
the presidential protocols have allowed
only one question to be asked and
Patrick pnm posts some three or four
questions for such a major investor we
can allow even five questions so free
questions per person that's it dear
colleagues I would like to give the flow
to a leg bill a seraph who is the
director general of the Russian railway
and the co-chair of the Russian French
Business Council
thank you very much Alexander mr. Putin
mr. Mack Ron ladies and gentlemen
colleagues first and foremost I would
like to express my gratitude for the
owner extended to me to take part in
such a representative business dialogue
with the presence of the leaders of
France and Russia as Alexander said I
present here the French Russian Business
Council which was created at the
initiative of the russian univ
industrialists and interpreters as well
as medev and we want to promote the
interests of Russian and French
businesses to help establish direct ties
between the companies so far above both
our countries we seek to support any
rational proposals coming from the
business circles and we are always ready
to help organize business missions of
the French business circles into various
parts of Russia together with other
industrial and public organizations such
as business Russia the Trianon dialogue
the French Russian Chamber of Commerce
we are actively promoting inter-regional
cooperation
we are helping companies to resolve
practical issues related to comfort
business Emily that French companies
have already saw the true value all the
efforts aimed at improving the
investment climate a lot has been said
about the dynamics we saw last year in
the first quarter of this year and I
would like to focus your attention once
again and that Russia went up in the
World Bank index to the 35th place and
business has a lot to offer the exchange
of high tech and mutual investment flows
and etc etc as for Russia's and Frances
cooperation in railways I can tell you
for sure that it's developing
dynamically and successfully thanks to
the acquirement of Jeff Kerr French
company our company is now represented
in several dozens countries around the
world and Jeff Kerr is now on the market
now in other countries we have a
different width or Freya ways and this
poses some problems but we're tackling
that and together with the investment
community we are continuously
implementing the roadmap when it comes
to freight and passengers flows we are
working on digitalization as well as
infrastructure projects in third
countries one more outcome of our
relationships with our French colleagues
can be observed in the Russian Railways
this is the new generation of passenger
trains there Olympus train a lot has
been done when it comes to high-speed
trains because France is one of the
world's leaders in this area
French experts have been consulting us
on the first stages of planning the
Moscow Kazan railroad and now we are
working on the global projects of the
high-speed trains code Eurasia
this is going to be a driver to economic
driver for the entire continent and this
is part of the project one train one way
using this opportunity because I did
hear the statements made today but I did
not hear about one area of cooperation
and important area of cooperation as
very well Putin has said we want to have
spatial development to develop spaces
around their country we want to
modernize transport infrastructure in
order to do that and as the head of the
Russian Railways I would like to ask you
what are the prospects of Fringe
business participation in this project
thank you very much Martian railways is
a major company but elect sticks to the
power agreements just one question to
the president of the French Republic mr.
Putin do you have any comments in
response to Patrick foreigners questions
yes
Patrick did raised a number of issues
and the first was about improving
business climate well we are trying to
do just that we have a whole program in
place and we hope to implement it I've
talked about the stability of
macroeconomic policy and we want to see
stability when it comes to fiscal policy
as well the government is working on
making amendments to the fiscal policy
and after we do that we will keep it in
place for the next six years
thus the business can be assured that
the fiscal condition that the fiscal
benefits will be provided we were going
to keep developing infrastructure but
Rick himself did mention that we have
constructed they have built a port
business also took part in the project
but as for the state the government we
did our due as well we are going to keep
doing that for our projects as well
infrastructure development is one of the
priorities with which has been set by me
in my address to the Federal Assembly
and which has been set by the government
we are going to try to destroy any
administrative barriers and any
administrative pressure those are not
only our issues all around the globe we
see that business is facing these
challenges and direct financial support
and subsidies to nationally important
projects we are going to do that is for
Yemma LNG we have created a whole city
there I was very much impressed by that
because at the very start at the very
outset to be frank we had a lot of
skepticism even in our country in the
gas industry and we doubted that you
could implement such major project than
there and you together with your
partners the no attack and with your
Chinese partners you have managed to do
that total has like 20% share I know
that the second line is about to be
implemented that's sixteen point five
million tonnes and we will see 18
million tonnes more the sales are going
on all around the globe even for
American market and they are buying and
everything is working as for our gas
pipelines the experts in this area are
very much aware that sometimes it makes
sense to implement LNG projects for
example supplies to the United States to
India and to other remote markets it
makes sense to do all that through LNG
projects but for certain distances and
for certain volumes it might be
beneficial to use pipeline gas only
pipeline gas so any our pipeline
linked to our main consumers in Europe
well we have no arrivals in there if
Europe wants to be able to compete I
guess they do not want to pay three
times the price for gas provided but any
other companies the exploration and
delivery at such distances allows us to
cut prices by 30% for the guests that
can be technically supplied from the
United States at least 30% that's the
difference that we have they have
constructed a number terminals LNG
terminals in Europe but the load is only
20% because everything else is not
economically beneficial not economically
appropriate and ng company takes part in
the North stream two projects we are
going to welcome other participants as
well including total we might expand
this list with other companies this is a
truly pan-european project we know that
there's a struggle due to
competitiveness our American partners
want to supply gas to Europe I've talked
about the economic parameters of all
that geopolitical issues are also added
into the mix for example our guest
transit for Ukraine I've talked about
this and I'm going to repeat it once
again we're not going to close guess
transit for Ukraine if it's going to be
economically beneficial we are ready to
have these negotiations with our
Ukrainian partners my when it comes to
not Stream to projects we are talking
about falling rate of gas exploration in
Europe and this volume that is not
explored has to be substituted with
something
and the best way to do that that's
Russian pipeline gas and we are ready to
have discussions with our partners on
that Thank You president micron yes a
lot has been said regarding the
importance of energy cooperation before
the move onto railways I would like to
say that many of the French companies
are taking part in this joint effort
this ensures our ability to compete and
our energy independence our serenity we
from as for the questions raised by
President Putin we want to have these
partnerships for them to be ongoing and
I guess we can do that in the spirit of
economic sovereignty but we also want to
have an open to political dialogue and
this is very good that we might discuss
this issues we have not streamed - and
do we need to create such a project
which will be in line with our vision in
any case Europe from this a bunch of the
diverse toko from the Atlantic to the
euros cannot be in place if we will not
be able to negotiate we need to advance
when it comes to this area we need we do
not need to have heightened tensions
when it comes to geopolitics
I guess that the strength of our
partnership between Russia and France
that is is our great potential we might
have gas exploration at the best
international standards but we also
might provide energy services because
this potential allows us to cut the
consumption the same is true for flows
management in the same vein we can talk
about the guest that we don't don't use
and we have relationships with the
companies that stick to this strategist
for Rail road's and all that I
appreciate that you are talking about
the level of relationship between our
countries and Jeff Kurr is a very
important company I would like to say
that the relationships we have in job
creations is highly important and we
keep working with our companies so as to
ease the sanctions regime because this
industry creates jobs for both countries
and this is an important component to
our success as you've mentioned you have
very high quality partners SNCF the
French railway company for example and
we want to keep developing the networks
all around the country we're talking
about industrial partnership the best
possible level so that French and the
European innovations could be used by
Russia all over Russia as for high speed
trains this partnership is also very
important for providing railway services
because the life cycle of the relevant
logistic services and the technical
components can be improved and we can
also have a broad cooperation on that I
have not even heard that mister
president wasn't affected last year but
I can say that just several years ago I
was infected with the same disease and I
am quite sure that digital technologies
are indeed true the revolutionary for
our country and for your country as well
that is why we need to think about
industrial partnerships in the
go format but also we need to tackle
mobility problems how do you develop
railways in Russia and we are also
making our own contribution and we are
reinventing our countries and our
continents we might provide the services
of moving passengers and freight we have
mainly modes of passenger flows and
fright flows and France has a great
added value when it comes to this area
just like in energy services we can
tackle this comprehensively we have
fantastic companies in place and they're
presented in Russian and they come up
with those solutions we have companies
who work in heavy industry especially
when it comes to maintenance and all and
all that energy the railroad this is the
source of intensive cooperation and we
might say that France is going to take
part in this new adventure of your
country with all the countries that you
launch the projects with I do not want
to be impolite but Rick asked one more
question regarding transporting gas into
Europe through pipelines I'm talking
about your Russian partners today we
have to do that today through gas prom
expert what's funny about that there's
nothing funny about that
I'm sorry we has this kind of banter
because we are very much aware of what
we're talking about we are going to
think about liberalization five European
companies take part in not stream to if
total is going to join you are welcome
that would provide for direct
participation in transporting goods and
freights
we can discuss that quite liberally but
even today we can discuss those topics
thank you very much your excellency mr.
micron mr. Putin on behalf of the
audience I would like to thank you for
taking part in the Russian France
business dialogue the more time we spent
here the more irritated the
representatives of other businesses
would be they're now gathered at the
plenary session oh and we need to have
half a competition between investors
from various countries so thank you very
much and we hope to continue this
dialogue with your participation
