I'm veering into another aspect
financial regulations he had been
speaking earlier about of course what's
going on in North Korea he has pulled
out some errors earlier of a summit on
June the 12th with North Korea and he
said there are a few moments ago that
the most stringent sanctions will be put
on North Korea because of a nuclear
program of course hours ago they wrapped
up their nuclear program that they say
their sole one in the country and let's
now cross to Samira Conner Washington
correspondent who can maybe bring us
right up the date about why this is
important why he was saying those things
what's the updates on this Samir what's
happened today well the timing of this
is certainly significant it comes just
hours after North Korea destroyed its
only nuclear testing site fulfilling
just yet another condition North Korea
agreed to to make sure the meeting
happens now our correspondent was at the
site and he was among a few journalists
who are allowed to witness it firsthand
getting nuclear test site which is
frankly no more we saw three out of four
tunnels there I used for nuclear testing
one of them the North tunnel actually
was used for the latest of five a
nuclear test the other two were new and
North Koreans told us that they had been
ready to conduct nuclear tests there at
any moment so for them building up these
those extensions inside was the real way
of showing how they are ready to make
real concessions now being practical
itself was quite impressive the
explosions looks like small eruptions of
earth and walk from under the ground
of course we journalists couldn't really
estimate as to how much damage what the
witness today dealt to Pyongyang's the
nuclear program as a whole but North
Koreans that they've made the first step
and now well now they will expect
something in return
now we are right now we're on our way
back through one time and so as soon as
possible
we'll be finding more reports so North
Korea is keeping its end of the bargain
for the sake of the meeting but even
though the decision to cancel the
meeting came from the US side the White
House seemed excited about it and they
released a commemorative coin depicting
the two leaders all smiles and meeting
just ahead of the summit but the talks
were seen world over as a positive
development in bilateral relations and
Trump didn't shy away from taking credit
he even said that everyone said that he
deserved a Nobel Peace Prize for it but
towards the end of a today's letter a
Trump signed off saying that he's
looking forward to meeting with Kim in
the future but it seems that North Korea
should be a little bit more cautious
dealing with Trump in the future RT
Washington correspondent Sameera can
with the update thanks Sameera yeah lots
of different aspects too there's lots of
reaction one of them was picked up by
artis Donald quarter he is more nan who
may be interested in jeopardizing any
diplomatic breakthroughs this is a good
deal for the United States North Korea
will freeze and then dismantle its
nuclear program South Korea and our
other allies will be better protected
the entire world will be safer as we
slow the spread of nuclear weapons the
deal did sound good but it collapsed a
few years later the u.s. promised North
Korea two nuclear reactors five hundred
thousand tons of fuel a year and a
lifting of sanctions but it didn't
deliver fast forward to 2018 and yet
another US administration is promising
to strike a deal with Pyongyang or is it
you know there's a chance that it'll
work out there's a chance it's a very
substantial chance at a wall workout I
think it'll be very successful but as I
always say who knows you know I often
say who knows who knows we'll see how it
all works maybe
so are we going to be tantalized with
another good deal with North Korea
that's ready to go only to see it fail
again perhaps the u.s. sees the status
quo of seeing North Korea as the
ultimate threat as being something
beneficial South Korea is spending
billions of dollars making bases and
paying US troops essentially to be there
to ostensibly protect against a threat
up in the north now that being the case
if there were to be peace in Korea
there's going to be questioning as well
do we need our troops there and so I
think in that sense there are forces
that don't want a resolution that
benefit off the instability and allow us
to maintain these troops and and dozens
and dozens of bases and posts in this
small country in a region that we think
strategically is important enemies of a
government are friends of its
military-industrial complex
and having a nemesis like North Korea is
a great excuse to pump up that military
budget the request includes an
additional four billion dollars to
support urgent missile defeating defense
enhancements to counter the threat from
North Korea no point 7 billion to repair
damage to u.s. Navy ships and 1.2
billion in support of my
administration's South Asia strategy
Japan is one Ally that stands to benefit
from US military expansion especially
after the recent reelection of its prime
minister who vowed to defend Japan from
North Korean aggression weeks after
Pyongyang's missile launches these
election is about whether we can defend
Japan from North Korea and ensure we
live happily and the unpredictability on
the Korean Peninsula has fringe benefits
for some American rivals the South China
Sea has been a serious bone of
contention as of late with the u.s.
attempting to assert its naval presence
there much to Beijing's annoyance so the
larger threat of North Korea's nuclear
program has shifted US military
attention that would otherwise be
focused towards China and although
Russia doesn't directly benefit from its
unpredictable neighbour
it certainly doesn't mind a challenge to
u.s. dominance in the region
what these countries are just beginning
to recognize is that getting into an
arms race as it's increasing in Japan as
China is expanding its military
operations it takes money out of the
economic sector damages an economy which
weakens their economy is a very
complicated issue except for the South
Koreans who are essentially getting the
short end of the stick this is something
that must change that countries as they
begin to take the spreadsheet and figure
it out they will begin to benefit the
countries in the region from peace in
Northeast Asia well let's go live now to
mark Ullman director of the crisis
Research Institute in the UK for more on
our top story that of Donald Trump
counseling the North Korean nuclear
summit you're very welcome to the
program we just heard in fact from the
US president I'm not sure if he picked
it up live a few minutes earlier he
warned that US weapons are again locked
unloaded how much of a threat is that in
reality do you think well in a sense
Donald Trump is speaking for both sides
his mouth because his letter to him
calling off the summit was remarkably
emollients suggesting that he hoped that
they could at some point meet in the
future and that the North Koreans
already needed to turn down their
rhetoric though as you say his remarks a
few minutes ago
sounded much more belligerent and in the
sense that reflects the important lobby
inside the White House and inside the
Washington establishment that in fact
waving a big stick imposing very strict
sanctions and implicit military threats
has brought the North Korean regime to
the table and I think the you could say
the vice president Pence John Bolton the
national security advisors school of
thought seems to be winning the question
is will this actually have the effect
they want it could well be that the
North Koreans who had also been of
course very belligerent in their
statements only a few hours ago may have
been wanting to test how far Trump was
desperate for summit in order to burnish
his credentials because if you like in
international
Ultra hump has suffered several blows
somewhat self-inflicted probably after
the Iran nuclear deal has caused many of
his allies in Europe as well as Russia
and China and so on to be publicly
expressing dissatisfaction his support
for Israel he's sending the embassy of
the United States to Jerusalem it's also
broken ranks with many of his allies so
the North Koreans may have thought that
Trump was under pressure to have at
least one universally recognized foreign
policy success and Trump may not have
wanted to be seen to be the weaker
person desperate for the summit but he
has still left the door ajar many are
pointing out that the timing of this is
extraordinary cancelling the summit
within hours of Pyongyang destroying
what it says it says Seoul nuclear
facility which our correspondent was
there to witness your take well I mean
certainly that would seem to be a highly
public demonstration the North Koreans
were willing to stop nuclear tests and
that at least was a step towards
denuclearization of course there must be
people in Pyongyang who say do we really
want to give up our actual nuclear
weapons a small number of warheads that
we have and two were confident that the
United States and its allies won't
attack us equally the United States
Japan at some extent less so South Korea
say we don't want to make any deal until
North Korea is completely disarmed and
so there is this great problem of trust
and it may have been that the South
Korean president and the North Korean
leader established a personal
relationship when they met but we've yet
to see that establish between the
Americans and the Japanese for instance
as the other major US ally in the region
so it's it's a terribly difficult
situation and it could be that each side
is trying still to lead towards a summit
meeting but once the other one to come
begging for it ought to be seen to be
the one who's demanding requesting but
you'd become dizzy wouldn't you trying
to follow Donald Trump's statements on
North Korea alone going back and forth
what's he trying to gain do you think by
veering simultaneously between the doors
open we look forward to making progress
and then we've got bombs on standby well
I think partly his personality tends to
be erratic and belligerent but also
partly I think he
understanding of the North Koreans is
that they are very bellicose in their
statement so therefore I have to really
up the volume in order to get through
it's also that he's torn in Washington
between in a sense that the campaign he
ran on which was that he wanted to
disengage America for many problems
leave defense to countries like South
Korea to defend itself in Japan and so
on and the fact that he of necessity is
surrounded by professionals of the
national security establishment in the
United States who regard that as an
Anatomy as a break with what they see as
a successful 60 or 70 years of policy
making and so Trump in some ways is the
dissident inside the White House and at
the same time because he is perhaps
inexperienced because he's also
mercurial personality he is very
difficult to predict now he would say
look at Richard Nixon he was very
difficult to predict yet he made a great
dramatic opening to China when people
thought of China as the red ogre and he
may be thinking that he can on a smaller
scale with North Korea achieve a similar
dramatic breakthrough
you
