here's a magic trick with this pen look
at this just get the magnetic attraction
and oh look at that it just jumps right
onto the pen anyone can do that
you just squeeze it with your fingers
Stacy
max that may have entertained some
people but not me not I is it I have a
headline here you know we always talk
about legacy banking system new banking
system and the legacy legacy legacy
banking system which is gold that's
their original individual economic
sovereignty but here we have a story
kind of mixing the two this is the one
going backward so Bitcoin mining
equipment maker Kanan files for 1
billion dollar IPO not an ICO an IPO so
Kanan incorporated the world's second
biggest maker of Bitcoin mining Hardware
submitted a listing application to the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange Morgan Stanley
deutsche bank credit Swiss CMB
international capital our joint sponsors
of the proposed offering according to
preliminary prospectus Bloomberg News
reported earlier Tuesday that Kanan had
filed for an IPO that would raise about
a billion dollars the filing didn't say
how much Kanan will seek their equipment
goes under the Avalon oh oh right so the
circle is complete the FinTech
revolution that is crypto is now being a
reentered into the overall financial
markets and it has now transformed those
financial markets in ways that will now
see take another revolution around
between traditional finance crypto
finance traditional finance and these
two are catapulting themselves into a
new financial reality crypto dominated
remember the denominator for the new
economic reality for planet Earth is
Bitcoin it's important to note here
however that this is they're seeking
money from investors who would not
ordinarily go to one of those legacy
stock exchanges they're not going to
crypto investors and an ICO I think
partly also if you understand the whole
chip making industry and the mining
making mining equipment they're number
two this company they have 15% of the
market number one
bit mean and essentially you know maybe
cryptocurrency investors might know you
can't compete with bit Maine even Intel
can't compete with bit Maine as Marshall
long told you in the previous interview
so maybe they're like trying to exit the
business because at one time bit Maine
might own a hundred percent of the
market well it's different than owning
crypto you know if you're buying a minor
there's a lot of different risks
associated with that and I think your
warning is prudent for people who think
that they're getting into crypto you
know you know you're getting into the
mining aspect the hardware at piece of
crypto and it has a completely different
risk profile but as always caveat emptor
they aim to begin trading in July they
are also a Chinese based mining
equipment maker and chip maker ASIC
minor but now I want to turn back to
another story that we've been following
and in terms of why Bitcoin and all of
these blockchain sort of enabled new
media alternatives the censorship
resistant aspect of these is so
important and why well you know we
discuss all the time the censorship
resistance of a financial system so
right now Swift can be turned off for
certain people you can censor an entire
nation and the entire peoples of tens of
millions of people who live in Iran
millions of people who live in Venezuela
they just get censored from transmitting
data financial data across the world
here Twitter continues their own
crackdown partly because you know
various partisan groups are angry at
other partisan groups Twitter will hide
more bad tweets in conversations and
searches Twitter will begin using a
wider range of signals to rank tweets
and conversations and searches hiding
more replies that are likely to be
abusive the company said today comments
from users that have been blocked muted
or reported for abuse will be less
visible through the service CEO Jack
Dorsey said right so it's censorship and
that's what happens with free speech is
that eventually it empowers and enriches
people who then use their power to
curtail
free speech so this is the ugly side of
democracy and freedom and fortunately I
know of two Twitter
competitors that are coming online that
are Bitcoin crypto enabled and Jack
Dorsey who is a keynote speaker at
consensus this year if he wants to go
against a crypto crowd he will be
disintermediated just like every major
bank well this is part of that legacy
system he is listened you know Twitter's
listed online New York Stock Exchange
and he is trying to sell the service to
legacy advertisers so he himself is very
much into Bitcoin in fact and he's
developing various Bitcoin applications
you know behind the scenes but here he
is you know having to these are the the
vulnerable points of a censorship sort
of system where you're censured easily
on these legacy systems and a lot of
people I have to say you're not going to
get a hundred percent conversion to
censorship resistant financial systems
just censorship resistant media
platforms a lot of people do want a
walled garden and they do want to not
hear any voices whether or not that's
healthy for the entire diversity of the
organism that is a body collective of as
a society I think just tuned into MSNBC
and then Fox and watch what has happened
to America where people don't need to
hear opinions that contradict anything
they believe that only reinforces
everything they believe and they can
basically censor all the stuff they
don't want to hear censorship destroys a
democracy's metabolism and that it
prevents the growth of all stakeholders
who are incentivized to participate no
matter what their opinion may be and
censorship resistance is Pro metabolism
for any ecosystem or society and that's
why it's going to beat the cancer that
has become US media of hyper
partisanship that has created these echo
chambers of deceit now one thing that
Edward Snowden said soon after his epic
you know
from Hong Kong to Russia and into exile
is that he he was asked I remember
something like how will you know that it
was worth it like was it really worth it
he goes as long as things change and
people do something about this and I'll
feel like I have succeeded and it was
all worth it but I think you know a lot
of people don't mind being surveyed they
seem to not react negatively to this
sort of censorship to these sort of what
many people in the crypto community
might feel is very abusive here's a
story LX and Siri can hear this hitting
command
you can't researchers can now send
secret audio instructions undetectable
to the human ear to Apple Siri Amazon's
Alexa and Google's assistant so you
could be sitting there having a
conversation in your living room with
your partner your friend or your some
intimate person your family member and
they could be sending somebody could be
sending commands to your device's around
you your internet of thing listening
devices around you and doing things you
know the article points out the
researchers say well they could order
something online for you for example
that you won't even hear the command
it's being spoken right there in the
room with you but you can't hear it but
of course it could do more nefarious
things eventually well the human being
is not evolved sufficiently to succeed
in this 21st century you know our senses
did a remarkable job of keeping humans
alive 4 million years in terms of being
able to hear see taste feel but now
since the algorithms and the machines
and the robots have evolved past humans
capabilities to see more hear more
understand more feel more we as humans
have to prepare for the fact that we are
now becoming extinct yeah because who
writes at algorithms is the algorithms
that are controlling these things and
the algorithms that can hear messages
that you can't because our human ear is
not as evolved somebody will stop and
say well a human wrote the algorithm and
that's false the algorithms right the
algorithms the algorithms have jumped
the genealogy of humans that are now
evolving on a parallel track they are
now running
the show and they are evolving and
breeding and having their own version of
DNA and they are creating their own
subset of culture and society and
organisms and they are metabolizing and
growing at a rate much faster than we
are and we're becoming extinct . that's
the fact so the article points out that
these deceptions that it could be
tricked by an audio attack it's called
illustrate how artificial intelligence
even as it is making great strides can
still be tricked and manipulated
computers can be fooled into identifying
an airplane as a cat just by changing a
few pixels of a digital image while
researchers can make a self-driving car
swerve or speed up simply by pasting
small stickers on roadsides and
confusing the vehicle computer vision
system but as you say they could they
could start gaslighting us and
eventually absolutely let's say your
house and your refrigerator goes to war
with your toaster and the refrigerator
sets an algorithms that afford the
toaster to eject toast at a speed that
would strike you in the head and kill
you okay now you're in your you've
caught the crossfire between their
Internet of Things at war with each
other in your kitchen
by the way importantly to note in this
this is a shocking thing there is no
American law against broadcasting
subliminal messages to humans that's
false
well this is what they say let alone
machines the Federal Communications
Commission discourages the practice as
counter to the public interest and the
television code of the National
Association of Broadcasters bans
transmitting messages below the
threshold of normal awareness neither
say anything about subliminal stimuli
for smart devices wow I thought it was a
legal it's just discouraged
yes discouraged holy mackerel we're
doomed
well courts have ruled that subliminal
messages may constitute an invasion of
privacy but they're it's an invasion of
your subconscious mind Yeah right
they're invading your subconscious mind
it's a violation it's like you're
getting a knife stuck into your
subconscious mind and you're being
murdered
subconsciously and you become a zombie
like a zombie bank goes on well on that
note we're gonna take a quick break
don't go away
much more interesting in war between
refrigerators and toaster
coming your way
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Al Hirt
shock he's the founder of Bank core a
decentralized liquidity network yeah
welcome thank you
all right Bank or exciting project I've
followed it since its inception first of
all the name refers back to a famous guy
in economics right so walk us back a
little bit to the beginning of banker
and the reference to Cannes so basically
in 1944 all the leaders the economic
leaders the financial leaders of the
world they meet at Bretton Woods and
there are two offers on the table one is
offered by the famous economist Keynes
which is called Bank or to create a
super national currency that will be
kind of the reserve currency for all
nation and balance the trade between
them the other offer was to use a gold
back currency that was later changed to
be the dollar and that was the offer
that was accepted you know you can
imagine after World War two the United
States is very strong and they actually
start to use the dollar as the world
reserve and it was backed by gold until
71 as we all know it right so the back
by gold and then it was 771 and now we
enter a period of fiat currencies
referring to other fiat currencies what
I call infinite regress or a one turtle
standing on another turtle turtles all
the way down people sometimes make that
that joke about what holds up the world
infinite regress now had we gone with
the bank or with Keynes after World War
two what would the world be like today
in your view because is it was it just
gonna go to a purely Fiat system right
after World War two or what did we miss
during the interim so case actually
quoted as saying that that we will leave
to regret that choice and his main
argument is that you should not use a
specific nation currency as the world
international reserve currency because
that would give an unfair advantage to
the issuer
of that currency and I think he was
right and if we wouldn't take that route
then we would have a much more balanced
international reserve currency or super
national reserve currency in the form of
Bank or that would have to serve all
nations and not all the decisions that
are made made regarding you know how
much to print out of it is made by a
single kind of player in the game so
that I think would be a better situation
had there been blockchain
and crypto back during that period it
would have been an easier sell because
the facilitation of such a vision would
have been more obvious how to create it
so enter Bank or so Bank or you get this
vision I guess you had you know this can
be possible now blockchain so how did
that happen what was the moment when you
decided you know what this is possible
and walk us through that a little bit so
you know I was before man the whole
crypto revelations I would call it I was
the founder of a company called America
fate she was a video sharing side was
second to YouTube but it's a winner
takes it all game and I learned a lot
about user-generated video and how it
changed the world where we became from
just consumers of video to that anyone
can broadcast the video all of a sudden
it's really changed our entire culture
and when I saw Bitcoin I saw oh my god
this is the first user-generated
currency so now people or anyone can
generate a girl you don't even know who
the guy is and and that was kind of the
inspiration to start working on local
currencies to see how people interact
with currencies that they create and we
created a lot of local currencies in the
system for that and it was very
successful for a while but then we saw
that it's not sustainable we tried to
research that and you know I'm cutting a
very long story short and we figure out
that the problem is was was lack of
liquidity those small currency those
local currency were not liquid you could
not buy them you cannot sell them and
because there was no price discovery I
mean if you peg them it's really not a
different currency it's just the same
currency and we started to think how can
we solve the problem of price discovery
liquidity for small currency because it
obviously cannot work with a current
exchange model and market makers
inaudible
that wouldn't work because no one would
like to trade them okay so for folks
watching who this is some new
information describe price discovery in
a quick description price discovery is
basically the process in which you have
two different currencies used by two
different groups and obviously you know
in most cases people from that group
would want to buy stuff on this group
and vice-versa
what should be the conversion rate
between them so today we use an exchange
based system where you have an order
book and people can post order it's like
you know let me say this and tell me if
you agree you've got some buyers and
sellers and you've got to create a price
to satisfy satisfies both the buyers and
the sellers
that's the discovery price you've
discovered that price to clear that
market essentially that's what happened
and today it's like last trade you have
like a lot of orders sellers willing to
sell for this first price and buyer
willing to buy and those are like the
market makers they put those orders and
then you have those market takers that
actually leverage those orders so it's
like a kind of a bidding system if you
will but it's this big arena where
everyone can play and we see the last
rate that happened as like the current
price okay so on the floor the New York
Stock Exchange you've got people showing
up and they have shares of IBM that they
want to sell and they have shares of IBM
they want to buy and then there's a
specialist who's responsible for price
discovery or clearing markets matching
those orders on the book you guys at
bank or have a let's say a virtual
market making technology correct you
don't actually publish prices based on
buys and sells it's a different system
and this is really I guess the secret
sauce if you will the value added that
Bank whore brings so can you describe
that yes so if on exchanges the market
makers are essentially the liquidity
providers when you want to you know
actually convert you will bite from some
market maker that put an order in place
with Bank or the market maker is a smart
contract immutable decentralized smart
contract that actually holds two
currencies and allow liquidity between
them and it's a very straightforward
smart contract and as you buy one
currency it becomes more expensive
as you buy there as you convert to the
other side will became less expensive so
so it is doing the same thing I would
like to I like to describe it as like a
self-driving car technology but for
market makers rather than drivers and it
works we have like a be like 90
different tokens that are being traded
on bank today it's the largely largest
decentralized exchange and I think it's
the largest exactly because it doesn't
have market makers because the market
makers are here to make profit if you
think about it the largest corporation
on earth are market makers they must
make a lot of money from that and if you
automate that so the end user gets all
those saving because it doesn't need to
pay them right the market maker will
create a spread exactly between the
buyers and the sellers and they will
capitalize on that spread because in
order to have the ability to match
orders if there is no liquidity to match
those orders they have to go into what
they call their inventory and that
inventory is created by constantly kind
of creaming off this spread for
themselves and so this is an automated
version where you don't have that
intermediary so exactly it's a market
making without that intermediary and now
am i correct if I say that I can show up
with almost with any size order to buy
or sell and you will fill that order at
a price because you're not reliant on an
inventory system so is that correct so I
would say yes but if you have a very
large order compared to what is
deposited in the smart contract because
if you have more deposited in the smart
contract then you have high liquidity
for example with us which is very
popular we have 10 million dollars on
each side of the smart contract 10
million dollars of worth of ears and 10
million dollars worth of BMT which is
our own token and and that provides very
high liquidity you want to convert
$100,000 it would move the price 1
percent but let's say there are some
realities of a small long tail currency
which is just $100,000 and and and in
that case you know you would move the
price a lot if you try to convert a
hundred thousand dollars like almost 50
percent
so if you want to use like a smaller
reader you want to take your time and
spend you know convert to $3,000 every
10 minutes and that will give some to
orbit Rogers actually to rebalance the
prices with external exchanges because
what arbitrage is do in any market not
just in Bangkok there are like the
liquidity movers they move liquidity
between arena when they see price
differences your outsourcing price
discovery we're to arbitrage yours so in
a to a degree on these large orders
because of the book itself doesn't
execute you but you you stagger it and
then you're getting price reference you
can say that because because for
currencies that let's say traded on -
with a you know hundred million dollars
a volume so obviously the price
discovery will happen primarily on - and
that's the true for anything that is
traded on multiple exchange that were
you traded most that will be the
prominent kind of switch part of the
price discovery and arbitrage is they
translate that price to all the other
exchanges by essentially closing their
price differences where they see them
because bank or is both the coin and in
exchange it's like people don't describe
bank or as an exchange they describe it
as a coin now for example I know finance
and I know shape-shift and I know change
Li and I know other exchanges and people
are very familiar with those exchanges
but they don't mention bank or when they
send those exchanges why so first of all
I think banker is very new and he stood
literally speaking in exchange because
they're the world exchange means that
you give something and I give you
something in return and and there's no
matchmaking in banker like you have on
exchanges where you have buyers a set of
being match it's actually a synchronous
because you can buy now and I can you
know sell tomorrow and that would work
so the the the world exchange maybe is
not the word best world and this is why
we call it the liquidity Network it's
something that's hard to get over it's
not it doesn't roll off the tongue like
it's hard to talk about Bank or because
it's not it's that you're doing
something that's not really
like it's not obvious even though it
should be out it I agree the good thing
is that we have a very easy-to-use user
interface for all of this and we see a
lot of people using it every day and
when you use it I think it's the easiest
thing to understand it because within a
single transaction on a theory MOOC you
can convert you guys have you been on
CNBC know okay why not I mean they have
all these other exchange people on there
I mean you guys you said you're the
biggest liquidity provider in the crypto
the biggest decentralized exchange the
centralized exchange are still much
bigger I mean if you measure at a bank
or against centralized exchange were
probably 50 or 60 in in in size but in
terms of decentralization which is like
a new wave of exchanges there are
several we are the biggest and I I think
that this centralized will take over as
it usually does when you decentralize
something it usually takes over the
entire thing but it takes time what
about on the security front so not a lot
of problems these exchanges have are
that they are getting hacked all the
time and people are losing funds because
they are centralized yeah and the kind
of the buzzword of the year is
decentralization and we hear about this
now applying to exchange as you guys are
like the first dissent well what maybe
out the first month first that's
certainly a very large one so is is it
it's a security protocol is it of a
higher standard would you say or less of
a security threat we don't have security
challenge that's the nice thing about it
is because every exchange is essentially
a transaction that the user signs on his
computer we don't have access to any of
the funds and it's just the end users
it's like you know it's like like
Bitcoin and you the each user is
essentially responsible for his own
wallet security centralized exchange
they take the responsibility from the
user
sometimes the user prefers that that
they don't need to be responsible for
their own security so they rather have
some centralized exchange keep the money
for them now not always working for the
end-user but sometimes it does how about
this quick question so in the space
Keynesianism it has a bad name because
this space is filled with austrian
economists and the idea of
individual sovereignty and Keynes is
actually a vilified figure in this space
is that at like a branding issue you
know I've heard that from hardcore
economic you know yeah but yeah we were
not associated with kids were just
associated with that specific proposal
so even if it not memes travel quickly
and they're in their heads and they you
know it affects their behavior and
that's you know we accept that as I
think again the best the best proof and
and and the the best thing that we
aspire for is for people to use it we
don't you know if you think about most
of the products on earth that were able
to make a difference did that because a
lot of people use them so we're really
focused on getting more and more people
to enjoy the platform to give us
feedback to improve it I think that's
that's how you win in in in this
internet space and blocks you space not
not only not by hype and not by brand
you just do something people like great
yeah thanks for being on cars report
thank you for having me
well that's gonna do it for this edition
of the guys report with me Max Keiser
Stacy Herbert want to thank her talk
he's the founder of bank or a
decentralized liquidity network if you
want to reach us on Twitter its Keiser
Report until next time bye y'all
