we've just visited the competing nuclear
test site which is banking no more we
saw three out of four tunnels there I
use for nuclear testing one of them the
North tunnel actually was used for the
latest five a nuclear test the other two
were new and North Koreans told us that
they had been ready to conduct nuclear
tests there at any moment so for them
blowing up these those explosives inside
was the real way of showing how they are
ready to make real concessions now the
spectacle itself was quite impressive
the explosions looks like small
eruptions of earth and walk from under
the ground course we journalists
couldn't really estimate as to how much
damage what the witness today dealt to
Pyongyang's the nuclear program as a
whole but North Korean cysts that
they've made the first step and now well
now they will expect something in return
now we are right now we're on our way
back through one time and so as soon as
possible we will be filing more reports
you
