initially it's a ceremonial we open the
ceremony for the exchange of documents
signed following the negotiations
between the President of the Russian
Federation Vladimir Putin and president
of the French Republic Emmanuel macron
the minister of economic development of
the Russian Federation Maxim Parish Caen
and Secretary of State to the minister
of the economy and Finance of France the
leaf engineer Stephan have signed the
joint statement on the new Russian
French partnerships for the economy of
the future the Minister of Culture of
the Russian Federation Vladimir medinsky
the Minister of Culture of France
Francois zni self have signed the
declaration of intent between the
Ministry of Culture of the Russian
Federation in the Ministry of Culture of
France on the cooperation with regards
to cultural legacy
director general of the state
cooperation Rose autumn Alexei likhachev
an administrator general of the fringe
alternative energies and Atomic Energy
Commission Francois Jacques have signed
a strategic document on the Russian
fringe partnership on the peaceful use
of nuclear energy the chairman of Nova
Tech they need Mickelson and the
chairman of the board of directors of
total Patrick ene have signed the
agreement with regards to the
participation of total in Arctic LNG -
director general of the Russian direct
investment fund key road material in the
Director General of or PR if Lamar the
Director General of casted upon LaRhonda
CA have signed the agreement between the
Russian direct investment fund their PR
company and the Finance Group cast a
default on joint investment into medical
rehabilitation in Russia
now the statements of the presidents mr.
president ladies and gentlemen we are
glad to welcome mr. McCrone on his
official visit to Russia
the president of France will also take
part in the st. Petersburg International
Economic Forum as an honorary guest and
for tomorrow we have an extensive
programme of joint events planned we
will meet with the representatives of
Russian and French business we will also
have talked with a coordination or
Council of the triana and dialogue and
we will make our statements at the
plenary session of the forum today
we have had bilateral talks first in a
narrow format and when with the
participation of the other members of
the delegation we have discussed in
detail oral element issues of the
Russian and French relationships as well
as the international agenda the
interagency agreements and commercial
documents signed were specially prepared
for the visit of mr. McCrone to Russia
within the framework of the forum we
will also sign a number of other
corporate agreements for the most part
France is our traditional partner and
our mutually beneficial relationships
are a great value to us we keep
developing them and we keep up a very
intensive political dialogue and we
often exchange our opinions over the
phone our Foreign Ministries and our
relevant agencies do also cooperate we
have exchanges when it comes to
Parliament and the relevant agencies and
during the negotiations we have paid a
lot of attention to the issues
pertaining to economy as of last year
our trade turnover grew by sixteen point
five percent in January to March for 25%
more and the overall investment of
Russia into France in a standard three
billion and for France to Russia 15
million
as for trade and economic cooperation we
can say that there are more than 500
companies from France working in Russia
and the French companies do take an
active part in the development of LNG
such as the email LNG projects and a
number of other projects and ROS item
provides 25% and covers their demands on
25% for uranium besides we're
implementing a more project neither
areas cars automobiles aircraft food
agriculture the French business
localizes its production of high-tech
products in Russia as well I would like
to highlight our relationship our
discreet distinguished by the mutual
interest of our peoples which goes back
into centuries and our culture's are
deeply intertwined we celebrate 200
years since the birth of the famous
French and Russian choreographer Marius
Petipa
in Russia and in France events are
organized within the framework of the
Russia France cross-cultural year for
languages this context I would like to
highlight that we are now implementing
the initiative presented by the
President of France on the Trianon
dialogue the Russian civil and France
forum and st. Petersburg will host the
first meeting of the coordination comes
and tomorrow me and mr. micron are going
to meet the participants on the
international agenda they covered all
the relevant issues such as we have
exchanged our opinions with regards to
the universal actions undertaken by the
US and they withdraw all from the jcpoa
we have highlighted that we need to
further boost political resolution
especially with regards to their
decisions made by their Syrian national
dialect Congress Russia is going to keep
working with the Syrian government and
the opposition within the framework of
the Astana talks this format is highly
efficient and yields great results we
are also ready to come in contact with
the so-called small but we believe that
we need to show respect for the
sovereignty of the country and we have
decided with mr. president to advance in
a direction of joining our ranks the
priority task for us is to form and to
launch the constitutional committee in
Geneva we have welcomed the decision of
Damascus to send their representatives
to this body
we've also touched upon the conflict on
the east of Ukraine and we have
highlighted the need to stick to the
Minsk agreements to ensure a sustainable
and comprehensive resolution to this
crisis we have also discussed a number
of other relevant issues on their agenda
for example we also talked about our
joint work in cyberspace
that is ensuring the implementation of
the international norms taking into
account each other's interest and to
combating crime and cyber space in
particular talking with mr. president
tomorrow I would like to thank mr.
Makran for their negotiations we had
which were very businesslike and open
and they were very useful thank you very
much for your attention
merci beaucoup Michelle president
vladimir dmz misery minister
madam Jamis europarliament a a Madame
Monsieur Siobhan to her mercy President
Putin Poisson occur in heaven only fear
and don't wanna count devoir
initials I would like to thank mr. Putin
for his warm welcome we just had the TED
talks and then we had the talks in a
broad format this was a very open
Dalek that we had it was highly
productive and efficient again it was
very productive and this has allowed us
to have an honest exchange of opinions
and of views of the world of the future
that Russia and France have we also
talked about our obligations and of our
responsibilities just a year ago we met
with mr. president at Versailles the
meeting was dedicated to the University
of 300 years since the visit of Peter
the Great to France and just a year
later we are now in his city and it's
not a coincidence that is the city that
he planned to construct a build as a
sort of a window into Europe not about
cultural figures back in the day talked
about the greatness of the country and
when General de Gaulle in 66 wanted to
come to st. Petersburg to make the
statement and talk about the heroic
resistance of the Soviet soldiers who
were besieged by the Hitler army and
tomorrow I'm going to visit them Fisker
of ski cemetery in order to honor the
memory of
the victims of the Leningrad siege and
other battles where we have suffered
losses let's not forget the division
Normand Normandy Nieman we've been
flying in the same skies and this is key
we should not forget our joint heroes
who have fought together this is your
city mr. president you you were born
here and you grew up here you started
here and you managed this city and today
the city host Hertz at the st.
Petersburg International Economic Forum
and France this year participates here
together with Japan as an honorary guest
and I would like to thank you for this
opportunity
accordingly we continue this historic
tradition which will help us to
cooperate in the future as well I
believe that we should decide as
Dostoevsky mentioned in his letter to
Pushkin where we see the true ground for
the reconciliation of all the
differences in Europe and this is
exactly what we are talking about when
we discuss our bilateral relationships
all the European differences which
permeate the relationships between our
people and we remember them from the
past from the future and from the
present and we need to find this common
ground
everybody could find a way to resolve
the differences we have inherited from
our historical victories as special
States as that is where the permanent
members of the Security Council this is
not only an advantage but a huge
responsibility and we should make use of
it as we have to protect just what I
mentioned several weeks ago the
so-called multilateral approach
to international relations we need to
come up with the mechanisms for
cooperation between the important
players who believes in proactive
partnership who believe in our
responsibility our responsibility also
translates into a constant dialogue and
this in its turn translate in term
independence that France is an
independent country we make our own
decisions independently we believe in
Europe we want the decisions that we
make to be implemented by our partners
in our dialogue with Russia is one of
the links in this chain of independent
policy on par with our belief in the
sovereign democratic Europe
just like our union with the United
States all these are the links of one
multilateral chain that I've talked
about and the fact that we are so frank
and open with our partners is a mark of
distinction of our independence that we
have allowed some misunderstanding in
our mutual relationships but everyone
knows all the components of the previous
discussions that we had and I would like
for us now to move forward hand-in-hand
and we should build future on the basis
of the grounds that we've set out with
the President Putin our relationship are
based on the principles I believe in I
believe that we should work jointly on
the principle of collective security we
should protect our values
we should respect the serenity of
different people's and in no way would I
attempt to enforce my choice on others I
believe that France act in those
situations when certain red lines have
been crossed and I do acknowledge the
role that Russia has set up for itself
in its close circle and in other regions
of the world such as the Middle East
this is then you Lee gains role of a
strong leader and it imposes in new
responsibilities and I'm very much aware
of the indispensable role that Russia
plays in resolving various international
conflicts but I do believe that Russia
also has to respect our serenity in our
interest as well as the interests of our
partners due to our joint history due to
the rules that we have set for ourselves
due to our mutual interests we should
keep working on strengthening our mutual
trust on my part I would like to do
everything in my power so that Russia
would understand that France is a robust
partner for building our common future
now I have suggested to President Putin
to define together with France and you
clear definition of this multilateral
approach the multilateral relations we
do not want those terms those
definitions to mean nothing they should
yield some practical results this is in
the interest of other countries and this
is the very factor which might bring us
closer
together the same thing we discussed the
whole gamut of international issues as
for European countries over the recent
days have repeated several times that we
will stick to the disappear way
agreement and this agreement signed back
in 2015 was signed by our countries and
each would remain the same as it was 15
the European Simon Bulgarian Sofia we
need to ensure would stick to its part
of the deal certificate good so that our
companies would find practical and
pragmatic solutions together with their
partners and they need to make
everything in their power in order to
keep their positions to keep their
economic benefits regardless of the
American sanctions blitman
as well as retain all its economic
activity and presence in the wrong it is
necessary as I have already said for a
run to deliver on its obligations the
information that we received from the
IAEA over the past year has been very
positive and here we together to put in
common we want to this which is
necessary for original security I have
already told other concerns this is also
a nuclear program of Iran after 2025
it's a ballistic missile program and
some regional issues
if you don't we have already started our
dialogue with President rouhani issues
and I believe that this dialogue will be
very resilient and possible if we all
obligations that were undertaken by us
in 2015 in any case that is what we are
going to do now in the next week we're
going to organize discussions and
dialogue without Iranian partners
Israeli partners of Somali I'm Emily you
probably know it that not all our
partners have the same evaluation event
in the region
nevertheless in the name of honor
avoiding tensions in the region we
should build mechanism of dialogue of
understanding as for Syria the growing
tensions between Iran and Israel shows
us the risk of a large-scale escalation
now it's time to sit down table of
negotiations for all stakeholders in the
region everyone who's interested in the
settlement of Syrian conflict in order
to truly find a political solution
possibly through joint working to
formants which exists right now the
small group and Aston our process I have
always said that our priority in Syria
is fighting terrorism fundamentalist
Islamic threat you know we have always
had a very clear composition in regard
to the policy that Austin is conducting
not
2017 French political course has changed
and we want to find an inclusive
political solution which would allow us
for the Syrian people to develop a new
constitution and they choose you know
their own this is the goal that should
be pursued by the political settlement
process in any case that is how I see
the current situation situation
mechanism it occurred in SU we together
with President Putin have decided to
create a mechanism coordination for
interaction between the small group and
Arsenal process
we have one aspiration to retain Syrian
sovereignty territorial integrity of
this country this coordination mechanism
which we create in the coming weeks will
strive to create an agenda which would
be simultaneous and virginals joins a
common one in both formats in order to
find common ground and common
denominators to achieve the final goal I
truly believe I have also proposed to
President Putin for us to work very
specifically the humanitarian sphere I
have made a decision several weeks ago
at the end of April to give a new
impetus 50 million euros in the
humanitarian activities they don't
father you always do on the Syrian
territory we will work together with
different NGOs who will conduct human it
here
activities in different regions of Syria
in the place where the most needed
I believe mr. Putin also pushes the same
thing allow us to be truly helpful and
to help people access the much-needed
humanitarian aid we I mean International
Coalition we're eradicating the last of
ISIL bases in Syria therefore we need to
do everything possible in order to find
the risk of this organization being
reborn as for chemical weapons we did
have very serious differences in
opinions and we have discussed that but
I believe that we should act jointly to
coordinate our actions in order to
create a mechanism to investigate and to
find those parties guilty in the case of
another instance of chemical weapons
used by this or other party as for the
Ukraine we have discussed and clear that
in order to settle the Donbass situation
because this is the key stage for the
settlement for the Ukrainian conflict as
President Putin has said the only way
out of this situation is to implement
the Minsk agreement the next few weeks
there will be working groups which will
be organized and I hope that we can also
achieve some positive results as for
bilateral relations we have discussed
this and as President Putin has said
we're discussing activities and the
risks existing in the cyberspace
I mean cyberattacks
gentleman or no and we have agreed to
create a new mechanism new tool to
exchange information and to work on
specific situations that may arise to
conduct work which would allow us to
create joint guidelines on behavior in
cyberspace right now we have a very
dynamic relationship in regard to
economy miss President Putin has
reminded us of that because Russia is
our major investment partner economic
partner I have to say that our economic
cooperation despite difficult times has
survived it and continues to grow
tomorrow we'll discuss that in more
detail during the economic forum and in
France we'd like to take part in Russian
economy diversification and as I said
despite difficulties our French
enterprises are still present on the
Russian market and they continue to work
there we have also stated that we have
some other progress within trying on
dialogue that very forum where we wanted
to join representatives of our civil
societies representatives of the world
of our culture that has allowed us to
create two digital platforms our
representatives of civil society
to find common ground to propose new
initiatives with more ease this is very
important for the depth of our
relationship and many young Frenchmen
have won different in different
competitions and as a prize they earned
a trip to Russia in order to learn your
culture now we have many spheres for
joint cooperation plan right now we sign
about 50 agreements in different spheres
that goes for outer space nuclear
program energy science culture and many
others in 2018 which is the year of
language gender and in the literature
which has substituted the year of
cultural tourism in 2017 you know that
previous year was extremely successful
thanks to the cooking collection in
Paris
as well as st. Louis and Senate repeal
relics in Moscow tomorrow
we'll be talking about Marius Petipa
some call him the Frenchman some call
him a Russian man while he's a Frenchman
coming from born in Marseilles
Russia has put in him a lot of credit in
trust
therefore he played a significant role
in development of Russian ballet on all
these issues who would like to continue
our dialogue continue our interaction
move forward
for that very dialogue we strive
together with present would like to
outline our future small children in
France could imagine Russia because they
could travel they grew up listening to
Peter and the wolf listening fairy tales
about Noah's petit path and stories
about him they know that many Russians
read Three Musketeers in their childhood
all that cultural heritage brings us
together because because we have common
European rules coming European heritage
and when history becomes more
complicated we need to find ways to
simplify in order to define differences
as well as to find common ground
I would like to us to find all these
solutions in order to build common
feature in this complicated world
thank you dear Vladimir and now we're
moving on to Q&A session only two
questions goes to go to French and
Russian journalists
first our guest please is about the self
or figaro figaro
my question goes to both presidents what
was what is your response to the council
summit between North Korea and us we are
talking about nuclear weapons you
mentioned Iranian nuclear deal mr. Putin
sure macron do you believe that this
nuclear deal should be expanded to
program and two Iranian influence in the
Middle East
mr. Makran on this idea of expansion
have you come to common ground with
President Putin thank you now as for
cancellation of the summit between the
leaders of DPRK and the US Russia has
received that new that piece of news
with regret because we were all
expecting that it will be a significant
step forward to release the tensions in
the Korean Peninsula and that would be
the beginning of the process of
denuclearization of the whole of the
Korean Peninsula kim jong-in and he's
part did everything that he has promised
before even blew up the tunnels and the
silos on his test range testing range
and after that we heard about the
cancellation of the summit coming from
the US we hope that dialogue will be
continued renewed and the meeting will
take place without such a meeting we can
hardly expect to have significant
progress in finding solutions to an
extremely acute issue this is not a
regional only issue this is a global one
and I mean the denuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula we together will work
and to find rapprochement between the
u.s. and the North Korea I believe that
in these conditions it will be correct
to go back to the mechanism that overall
have proved to be quite useful in order
to promote a positive agenda in this way
thank you know as for Iran our position
the Russian position is known very well
we believe that the deal should stay
we should save it jcpoa I mean as
mineral has just said and you know it
well I have recently met with a director
general of the IAEA talking face to face
he has also said that Iran fully
delivers on its obligations under the
deal and therefore we have a question
where is the basis to dismantle this
deal and this arrangement ramifications
I believe it could be very detrimental
and we welcome the sentiment of France
and the whole of Europe which aim to
retain this deal and we understand that
will be complicated Russia on our part
has never approved of unilateral actions
of unilateral sanctions Russia has never
introduced unilateral sanctions and
never did that any restrictions in
regard to a sovereign state according to
the current international law and the UN
Charter can be made only through the UN
Security Council and the rest is
illegitimate as for proposals pitched by
the President of France
yes we have discussed it quite recently
over the phone president has presented
his point of view I agree we can also
talk on the missile programme and on the
original situation and on the nuclear
activity after 2025 from from the outset
I have presented my position and as far
as I understand the president of France
has agreed with that we should not tie
down all these three components with the
saving the jcpoa because otherwise that
would mean that we are also leaving this
arrangement
since nothing is sad in this jcpoa about
these conditions I have reiterated my
position again
I understood the president of France and
that he agrees with that however in
order to discuss these issues with Iran
we need to conduct preliminary
consultations we need to get an
agreement from our Iranian partners for
such discussions as far as I understood
and the president will confirm or deny
his previous discussions with Iran has
indicated that such diode is possible as
for the cancellation of summit between
the u.s. and the PRK I can explain that
only as it was said by other
participants what I would really want is
for that process which has already been
launched aimed at to decrease tensions
in the peninsula as well as the process
aimed at denuclearization and
disarmament of the peninsula that
process should continue China I have to
say has played a very important role
over the past months I would like to
thank Chinese president for the role
that he has played in regard to a
William certain pressure and for the
security in the region
I believe that China will continue to
play this very important role don't look
at Frances also releases about this
process and I believe that the whole at
the international community in a number
of various formats for example within
the United Nations should work in
consort and the process despite the
evident difficulties should advance and
we should not lose sight of the end goal
because it is required for peace and
security for the whole region I believe
that we should continue working
in this direction best for the Iran
nuclear deal and various issues
pertaining to this deal what mr. Putin
said at the end of his statement I fully
subscribed to that but I was not talking
about expanding the deal but making
amendments to it or this deal signed in
2015 I have never doubted the agreement
from the 40 14th of July 2015 I believe
that this is the agreement on the
current nuclear actions and nuclear
programs of Iran and that's why it's
important to keep it in place I have not
heard any better proposals with regards
to this issue what I want is to amend
this agreement we've mentioned that back
in September of 2017 at the General
Assembly of the United Nations I
suggested that we launch this process
and consider the issue of the nuclear
program and the ballistic missile
program after 2025 and generally have a
look at Iran's actions in the region but
undoubtedly in order to start working on
this three components we need to have
Iran's trust and this is only possible
if we will stick to the agreements in
place if we've been negotiating for some
10 years and then after such a short
term this deal is destroyed this yields
nothing we disagree in the following
aspects we will stick to the agreements
signed in 27 2015 we will continue the
negotiations with Iran as to their
additional issues to be included and we
fully agree that we need to keep the
framework of 2015 efficient and
effective in order to move forward I've
already mentioned all these to miss
johani and I believe that we will choose
the path of dialogue which would allow
us to reach a broader framework
agreement and the end goal as I see it
is on the one hand for the agreement of
July 2015 to be amended with those three
strategic agreements but I believe that
we reaches some Consort here now the
Russian journalist inter Fox agency
please the Fox agency I have a question
for both presidents mr. Putin you've
said that you have discussed American
sanctions and their withdrawal from the
jcpoa have you perhaps discussed some
kind of a Russian French plan for their
Russian and French companies to bear the
brunt of the American factions without
any detriment and how can you join the
work on this issue and now question to
mr. Makram what measures are you going
to undertake in order to protect French
companies from possible American
sanctions following your cooperation
with Iran and how do you see the future
of the jcpoa after the United States
withdrawal
thank you as for sanctions pressure and
all that we have never acknowledged any
unilateral destruction so you can just
take the UN Charter and actually read it
and all those who can will understand
that any kind of unilateral sanctions
are illegitimate
and this is how we see that as well and
this is how we're going to see that in
future does it cause any harm for the
world economy yes it does and we have
already talked about this at the forum
and we are going to keep talking about
that tomorrow in one of the motors of
the forum is to read the global economy
of political pressure and to ensure
global economic growth
legitimate means by exerting more
efforts because this is how we can
resolve all the social and political
issues by developing together what we
can do jointly more efficiently instead
of trying to come in each other's way as
for joint mechanism we could not discuss
that today the protection of the French
companies as a result of American
sanctions on Iran we have confirmed
first and foremost our companies stick
to the French laws and they are
protected by the agreements which France
has signed we will also seek to
establish some compensating mechanisms
in the European Commission just last
week in Sofia came up with a number of
suggestions which France supports for
example the regulations of 1996 which
seeks to protect our companies from any
foreign sanctions and then the European
Bank for investments can play its part
in all this so I believe the whole
spectrum of mechanisms might be
introduced and now Europe is trying to
come up with one I would want us to have
more freedom and more economic serenity
on the European level and France does
protected economic interests as I see it
Europe should create even more
operational and efficient mechanisms
than we have now this work has already
started and it should advance further as
for the iron do I have already responded
in regards to the previous question but
I believe that the disappear way of 2015
he's now facing some risks due to the
decision of the United States but there
are some grounds for optimism first of
all up to now Terran has still been
sticking to this deal
and for me this testifies to Aaron's
responsibility and reliability and
second to the IAEA has confirmed as a
result of their own investigations and
their own monitoring mechanisms that
ayran is sticking to it's part of the
deal
this is one more reason to feel
optimistic and third all the other
participants all the other parties to
the deal have confirmed their intention
to keep it going
I have already mentioned the decisions
with the cuts to the French companies
and I know that some companies and other
countries have decided to move out of
Iran due to the very evident reasons for
it but nevertheless I believe it is
important to provide some guarantees for
Iran we need to keep the common the
joint framework for it to be active in
the future
Crysta of the koran ltle this visit
takes place when then Dutch Commission
has announced its investigation result
what is your response to those results
and will there be any consequences to
the relationships of Russia and France
have you discussed so right
but oh do please don't and now a
question to both ministers you have
talked about cyber attacks report has
been released in the US which has blamed
Russia and new possible sanctions were
mentioned any escalation was discussed -
not during your negotiations what what
decisions have you mentioned I have not
quite understood is this with the guts
to cyber attacks or the aircraft what
aircraft are you talking about I don't
understand
it's the Malaysian airliner which was
downed over done bus well actually we've
been working this entire day so I'm not
quite aware of there all the details on
the investigation but I can respond to
and without those details right from the
outset we have suggested that we work
together on the investigation of this
tragedy but to our great surprise we
were not part of the negotiation of the
investigation Ukraine is part of an
investigation and that is despite the
fact that the Ukraine violated
international laws and they did not
close the airspace over the area where
fighting wasn't going and the crane is
part of that investigation while Russia
is not we're not aware of what the
results they came up with but in order
to recognize all those results we need
to be party to this investigation in any
case we will attentively follow the
investigation we will analyze everything
that is mentioned in the end we will
come up with a proper position but I
have not seen the text yet
and your second question was yeah that
was about meeting of mr. microns Malik
when NGOs with rights premon rights
protection organizations well you know
what mister since off was detained for
being party for being guilty of the
preparation of terrorist attacks not for
his journalists activities and I'm quite
surprised that you as a French
journalist to are not concerned about
the restrictions imposed on journalist
in Ukraine just several days ago a
colleague of yours Russian journalist
was detained he's being accused of
treason for his public position and for
his work as a journalist you are not
very much concerned about his fate are
you don't you think is is weird and we
should be concerned about everything
that is going on in Europe Eastern or
Western everywhere in the world we know
that very dutiful and responsible
journalists especially working in hot
spots are often facing danger and some
of them even risk their lives and get
killed and we do have respect for such
people and we believe that their lives
and their activities should be protected
and we will do everything in our power
to ensure that but let's try to be
objective let's try to be thorough this
is the only way we can go about
resolving any issues without that we
won't have any trust
they were also cyberattacks mentioned as
for cyberattacks and all this hype
intentions in the media there is always
a counter action to any action always
and not to have any contractions you
don't like we should decide on the
proper actions on the rules that we are
going to apply when the humanity
invented the nuclear bomb everyone
understood how dangerous that was and we
have decided on the proper rules in
order to avoid any possible tragedies
and now it is evident at the cyberspace
is a very important area for millions of
people and that is why we should decide
on the mode of work we need to develop
common rights we need to develop
monitoring mechanisms and today with mr.
president we have discussed just that
and we have decided that we are going to
exert all the necessary efforts in order
to follow this path as for your first
question that you mentioned as for the
17th of March I think about all the
victims in many countries about their
families in particular in Belgium and
the Netherlands in Australia and the
information we are receiving today is
very important and thrush
and Frances undertaking its efforts to
be part of the investigation we are sure
that it is objective we need to
cooperate in this area as soon as we
have details as soon as we have very
facts we'll be able
to believe that Russia has played an
objective role in establishing all the
facts and full solidarity with the
Netherlands as mr. president has just
mentioned needs to cooperate in this
investigation it's an important stage
for us we still have a lot to do with
regards to the investigation and as for
your second question we've been
absolutely transparent with the
president and with his team and all the
responsible people at the NGOs quite
aware of the status of civil rights in
Russia we have discussed number of very
notable figures for example Alexander
Solzhenitsyn we are going to celebrate
his anniversary very soon and our dalek
has shown that we can try to complement
each other's developments and our dialog
is also in contribution in to the
Trianon dialogue and the civil society
should also communicate between Russia
and France we've mentioned human rights
and we talked about mister cents off was
just mentioned by Vladimir Putin mr.
srebnick of as well a lot of people were
mobilised for his sake and I've talked
about these very sensitive issues
because the intellectual elite is very
much concerned with his imprisonment and
I believe that we might be able to
establish a proper dialogue with regards
to this issue
and both of us are trying to ensure
efficiency and we highly appreciate when
it's in place and when we can we try to
come up with effective solutions
together I do not have control over the
justice system in this country but I
believe that we can have an open and
frank conversation which will allow us
to move forward as for cyberattacks we
know what is being written about it we
know what people say about it we take
all of that into consideration I believe
that this is a major issue nowadays and
this issue also fuels our the problems
which exist now a society such as human
rights issues because cyber attacks have
a social dimension to them a security
dimension to them we need to do
something to interfere so as to try to
give an impetus to resolve the situation
at some point in future it is a very
timely issue and all around the globe
people are discussing it and this
requires for us to undertake her own
efforts but before we have any public
debate we need to share information so
as to discuss specific issues we've came
up with a road map we have the relevant
information and President Putin is
discussing it with his team we are going
to exchange that information and we are
going to get down to business
truly confidential business that is but
we will try to share the results as much
as possible in order to lay the
groundwork for building security in this
area we need to have some common rules
in place because without them we will
keep
facing the same challenges that is why
we need our economic actors and
industrial actors to come up with joint
rules as for any other issues this
initiative that we are talking about
today but we are implementing today
would strengthen other areas of
cooperation and we made the relevant
decisions now moving on to Russian
journalists Rossio TV channel good
evening receipt which I know I have a
question to both presidents you've
talked in detail about the Syrian
settlement and taking all of that into
consideration how do you assess the
possible success of political settlement
in the country you have already
discussed Ukraine as we see the Minsk
agreements are not being properly
implemented but anyway can we expect a
meeting between the Normandy for leaders
and when are there any preconditions for
it in place and mr. McCrone very soon
the World Cup will take place in Russia
will you come to support your team thank
you now as for Syria this is a very
complicated question this is a has been
a lengthy conflict it has deep the
reasons for that conflict both domestic
and foreign but we have to be optimistic
we have to strive for a settlement
first and foremost with political means
we cannot have a long term peace without
having agreed within the country with
all conflicting parties this is the key
issue here and we'll do everything in
our power to keep alive this specific
transparent and trustworthy dialogue to
continue as for the suit as for a
situation in Donbass indeed this has
been very slow
I'm deeply convinced current authorities
in Kiev do not want to have a settlement
domestic political squabbles going on
that has to do with the preparation for
the parliamentary and presidential
elections however there is no other
instrument other than Minsk negotiations
and normally for Russia is prepared to
support this format and to meet every
level and every of these meetings have
to be very well prepared and have a
positive outcome in any case dialogue is
always better than confrontation as for
Syria I have just presented how I see
this situation the differences on the
very procedure that we have been
developing with President Putin and the
mechanism of coordination as for
political aspects we have to be talking
about the state the situation in Syria
after war the peaceful Syria we have
developed certain goals and you know
that we have outlined special zones
refining ISIL and we're trying to find
such a policy such an approach which
would be an inclusive and which would
allow for stability in the region I
believe that we together we share
several principles we want to move on to
the new constitution which would allow
for inclusive political process in Syria
and Russia has said that I agree with
that I believe that this is the correct
way to go because it creates new rules
we have to move on move on to election
so the Syrian nation can decide on their
own
sovereign faith and we have to do
everything possible for the Syrians to
be able to take part in it these these
elections each and every who's in
refugee right now in Jordan in Turkey
all that is necessary we have to agree
with the representatives of the current
regime also considering the militants
forces have met with them several weeks
ago all democratic oppositional forces
and we have to continue dialogue with
all regional powers who are also
interested in stability that dialogue
with the regime and with the forces of
the opposition the Democratic opposition
together with context between Austin and
the small group would allow to achieve
us this goal the next few months will be
the decisive buns as for Ukraine basis
for everything means the Minsk agreement
Normandy for is very useful we can
conduct that at the level of heads of
state and the heads of government when
we have certain results well the
technical teams and ministers prepare
for such meetings so we can prepare that
is the challenge and we'll have to do
that in the following weeks we'll have
to work to find any compromises and to
achieve progress and don't ask in the
end I hope to travel here to support our
football team in your country maybe I
will not be there from the very
beginning but if France makes it to
quarterfinal and further on I will come
here too
cheer for them I'm optimistic by Nature
and I can say with the confidence I will
probably come out to support our team
and then we will meet again with
President Putin I hope that it will have
to do with the success of a French team
in football thank you very much thank
you
