as promised bringing you all the latest
I'm now joins live by Jim Rogers
American businessman and financial
commentator who's based in Singapore
he's in st. Petersburg at the Forum
taking part in the Valdai Club session
turning back the clock political rivalry
versus economic interaction mr. Rogers
thank you for joining us on RT
international now European businesses
particularly German and French companies
have been calling for US sanctions
against Russia to be dropped do you
think that's likely any time soon I know
that Europeans wanted many people in the
world think the sanctions are absurd
including me I hope they're dropped I
don't think it will happen anytime soon
though you don't think European
countries might revolt against us
restrictions and go it alone with Russia
yes that's a different story that's a
different question will America withdraw
the sanctions probably not will the
Europeans say we're going to do it
anyway probably so the Germans don't see
any reason for it
the Italians many people do not see any
reason for the sanctions and they will
pull out now with Russia going to impose
counter sanctions against the US how do
you think that's gonna play out do you
think it's going to impact the man on
the street okay
bless you very very small way I thank
you in a very small way I hope right I
know Russia has to do something but I
hope the Russians will be restrained so
that this can blow over and we can get
rid of this eventually
it does seem that sanctions bless you
again who bless you
it does seem those sanctions are the the
leverage of choice for some Western
countries are they effective though I
don't know of any sanctions in history
that have had a major effect yes they
affect some individuals and some
companies and sectors but historically
speaking I know of none that have had a
major effect sometimes they hurt some
people but they help for instance
agriculture in Russia right now is
booming because of sanctions it has
helped Russian agriculture
now what this forum is all about as you
know is there big business leaders like
yourself coming together putting their
heads together looking to the future
analyzing what the present situation is
in the business world so what do you
think is the biggest challenge to the
world economy today
trade wars sanctions we need to open up
we need to open up economies we all need
to open up natural systems we need more
openness not closing off the world has
learned throughout history that closing
off is not good opening up is good mr.
Rogers what are you most looking forward
to at this year's forum is there going
to be is there a highlight for you is
there something you're particularly
looking forward to some kind of answers
you're looking for well whenever I come
to something like this I hope I'm going
to find something new and different and
an opportunity I would love to come away
from this think wow I found a great
investment opportunity and then I could
participate will I I don't know you I'll
speak to you next week
look forward to that fingers crossed for
you that's Jim Rogers American
businessman and financial commentator
based in Singapore thank you for your
time enjoyed the forum
you
