Trump's much-anticipated meeting with
Kim jong-un actually goes ahead in the
next few weeks it'll be a diplomatic
breakthrough of historic proportions but
wait a minute we've seen this before and
let's not forget how that turned out
this is a good deal for the United
States North Korea will freeze and then
dismantle its nuclear program South
Korea and our other allies will be
better protected the entire world will
be safer as we slow the spread of
nuclear weapons the deal did sound good
but it collapsed a few years later the
u.s. promised North Korea two nuclear
reactors 500 thousand tons of fuel a
year and a lifting of sanctions but it
didn't deliver fast forward to 2018 and
yet another US administration is
promising to strike a deal with
Pyongyang or is it you know there's a
chance that it'll work out there's a
chance it's a very substantial chance at
a wall workout I think it'll be very
successful but as I always say who knows
you know I often say who knows who knows
we'll see how it all works are we going
to be tantalized with another good deal
with North Korea that's ready to go only
to see it fail again perhaps the u.s.
sees the status quo of seeing North
Korea's the ultimate threat as being
something beneficial South Korea is
spending billions of dollars making
bases and paying US troops essentially
to be there to ostensibly protect
against a threat up in the north now
that being the case if there were to be
peace in Korea there's going to be
questioning as well do we need our
troops there and so I think in that
sense there are forces that don't want a
resolution that benefit off the
instability and allow us to maintain
these troops and and dozens and dozens
of bases and posts in this small country
in a region that we think strategically
is important enemies of a government are
friends of its military-industrial
complex and have
nemesis like North Korea is a great
excuse to pump up that military budget
the request includes an additional four
billion dollars to support urgent
missile defeating defense enhancements
to counter the threat from North Korea
no point seven billion to repair damage
to u.s. Navy ships and 1.2 billion in
support of my administration's south
asia strategy Japan is one ally that
stands to benefit from u.s. military
expansion especially after the recent
reelection of its prime minister who
vowed to defend Japan from North Korean
aggression weeks after Pyongyang's
missile launches these election is about
whether we can defend Japan from North
Korea and ensure we live happily and the
unpredictability on the Korean Peninsula
has fringe benefits for some American
rivals the South China Sea has been a
serious bone of contention as of late
with the u.s. attempting to assert its
naval presence there much to Beijing's
annoyance so the larger threat of North
Korea's nuclear program has shifted US
military attention that would otherwise
be focused towards China and although
Russia doesn't directly benefit from its
unpredictable neighbour
it certainly doesn't mind a challenge to
u.s. dominance in the region what these
countries are just beginning to
recognize is that getting into an arms
race as it's increasing in Japan as
China is expanding its military
operations it takes money out of the
economic sector damages an economy which
weakens their economy is a very
complicated issue except for the South
Koreans who are essentially getting the
short end of the stick this is something
that must change that countries as they
begin to take the spreadsheet and figure
it out they will begin to benefit the
countries in the region from peace in
Northeast Asia
you
