for in the Beijing International Airport
and as you can see behind me we're being
greeted like celebrities here those who
go to North Korea we've been here for
the past couple of days and all
journalists part of this press tour have
been amassed in the Chinese capital
because that's where we got our visas
that's what we where we got our tickets
now we will be proceeding to check in to
our flights those are the windows we're
waiting for the personnel and so I'll be
signing off and meeting you hopefully
greeting you from North Korea itself
next time so this is the Air Koryo
flight we will be taking to get inside
North Korea thing is we aren't even
exactly sure as to where exactly we're
headed because according to a media to
documents we're going to the southern
port city of one Sun but according to
our boarding passes we're headed to the
North Korean capital Pyongyang so I
guess the no other option but to find
out on board of the plane
that's high I'd see season do you know
we're going to Pyongyang or two once I'm
okay once I'm okay thank you
so there are roughly 20 journalists here
on this plane and so as we're going to
one Sun I just wanted to give you a
quick glimpse as to what's going on on
board we've been given out press pieces
like this one for example the Pyongyang
times it's mostly about politics but
also features pieces like recipes for
this rice and Mackworth cake also we've
been given this very very colourful a
Korea magazine which features everything
from the latest one as to what's been
going life in the life of Kim Jong hyung
the supreme leader of North Korea but
also pattern it features panoramas of
Pyongyang and the lighted pieces like
the ones for example and how is being
the quality of local beer is being
improved
so you walk out of any airports what's
the first thing you expect to see it's a
bustling crowd people pushing and
shoving its taxi drivers offering their
often overpriced services well check
this out
nothing of this sort here it's just an
empty parking lot and three buses that
will take us to the city we will be
taking an 11 hour train to get there and
then we will be riding for four more
hours by car and hiking for another hour
but we're being told that the spectacle
is well worth it
we'll be getting regular updates from
Igor in North Korea he's now on his way
to the test site we'll let you know as
soon as he gets there and for more
details and pictures you can follow his
journey on Twitter
you
