turning into really discontent in France
a lot of trouble there this afternoon
with fresh protests in Paris against
President McCrone social and economic
reforms turning violence at some point
to shallow Dubinski earlier witnessed
how a peaceful rally descended in just a
matter of minutes people feel that this
is their only option right now to come
out to the streets and voice their
concerns and as you can probably see
behind me the crowd is swelling here in
Paris this is just one of around a
hundred and thirty demonstrations taking
place across France they've been joined
by all of the main nine unions in France
which represent 5.7 million people
across the country just caught us in the
middle of clashes between the police and
the protesters the police have come and
pushed the protesters back you might be
able to see the crowd about a hundred
and fifty metres away from us
police have been taking some of the
slogans that were made by the protesters
away from them we've also seen some
protesters who appear to have been
detained by the security source forces
here today many of them out in force
including us some demonstrators who
appeared to have been injured there was
one man just sitting down a few moments
ago with blood pouring down his head the
police are in the middle of this action
now where they're asking us to move away
this was meant to be a peaceful protest
a day for civil servants to come out
onto the streets to voice their concerns
about the reforms to the civil service
to boost concerns about salary and also
about the fact that to present mcconnell
has promised he will cut a hundred and
twenty thousand jobs in his first five
years in office instead it's turned out
to be massive concentrations between the
police and protesters
police responded with tear gas and we
got caught up in that tear gas
this protest looks like it's nowhere
near to completion and the police are in
the streets out in force surrounding
waiting to calm down once again if any
more violence happens here
you
