hi I'm Max Keiser and this is the Kaiser
report in ever opening lotus of
Perpetual knowledge hey you know what
today is a very special day very special
day special day Stacy
max is Bitcoin pizza day remember I
think it was back in 2009 somebody
bought some pizzas for some other gamers
online for ten thousand Bitcoin which
you know this week it would only be
worth about 80 million dollars you know
this should have Lily Allen day you know
Lily Allen was going to be hired to
perform and being paid 200,000 Bitcoin
when it was just pennies a Bitcoin today
though would be worth almost two billion
dollars so she's feeling the smite of
Bitcoin pizza day in her own way well
many people in the cryptocurrency sort
of space do feel regret often because of
the way the evolution of Bitcoin has
happened as we've mentioned before in
the early days we used to think it was a
means of exchange and we didn't think of
the future store a value aspect to it so
larger we're still living in that past
he's living in his own private Idaho
Roger ver and then CNBC has Amman you
know they talk about the own Bitcoin of
the past that's why the guy spent 10,000
Bitcoin on a pizza because it used to be
a means of exchange now it's a store of
value everybody hotels hotels hotels or
Huddle's Howl's howls however you want
to pronounce it but we're going to talk
about the old school you know financial
world every once in a while we go back
there and look and see what the
dinosaurs are doing this is a headline
that you predicted and you've said it
many many many times right here on the
crisis report over the past few years
and that is the leveraged buyout of the
stock exchange of the US equity markets
this is what the slow-motion LBO of the
stock market looks like LBO being
leveraged buyout and that started while
you were on Wall Street the whole the
trend for leveraged buyouts but this is
the chart from JP Morgan it just shows
you the stock available for the public
to buy there's less and less of it as
companies buy more and more of their
shares back I thought that wasn't that
for Viagra if I turned it upside down
all right huh
of course well we have discussed this
many times and I'm glad to see that it's
finally getting some recognition out
there in the financial press this
phenomenon of neo feudalism coming back
into the economy due to rampant mergers
and acquisitions fuelled by free money
so what this all means is that the
number of stocks traded on the New York
Stock Exchange and other exchanges is
shrinking because these companies are
being bought out they're being taken
private using a leveraged buyout so just
to refresh people's memory a leveraged
buyout is that you're using the
collateral of a company you're set to
acquire as the collateral for the money
you need to borrow to buy that company
and then after you buy the company you
return the money you borrowed to the
bank that was borrowed to you based on
the fact that you had put up the
collateral of the company that you're
acquiring so just think about that for a
second in other words like during the
Mike Milken days of corporate raiders
like Carl Icahn or Ron Perlman they
would go to Mike Milken and say here's a
company they've got billions of dollars
worth of assets on the books I want to
put their assets up as collateral to
borrow the 10 billion dollars I need to
buy them and then they would buy them
and then they would split the company up
into many pieces and fire lots of people
and raid the pension account and destroy
the capitalism as we know it and make
off with billions of dollars and we
ended up with America's old akaki a
billionaire corporate raiders which we
now call activist investors and the
trend has resulted in terminal
capitalism where the rats have been
given unlimited credit and no
regulations and they are killing the
Golden Goose soon there will be no
stocks to buy at all no opportunity to
excel at all and we're back to serfdom
it's the road to serfdom for real not
that fake version that reference to fake
communism but the real road to serfdom
brought on by unfettered capitalism
actually it when you were talking like
that it made me realize that the
politicians have kind of tried to help
as there's been a leveraged buyout of
the stock market and entire industries
and you see that with the company
formation there are no
companies formed anymore in America
compared to what it used to be like in
70s and 80s it's declined in the number
of new company formations but in that
time what has happened is the amount of
deposit you need to put down on a
property is basically offering the same
sort of deal if if you're a certain
class of person who can get a mortgage
100 percent mortgage remember during the
financial before the financial crisis
they were offering like a hundred and
ten percent mortgages and some places
where you didn't need to put up anything
they would actually give you the deposit
they would loan you the deposit and loan
you the money to fix the place up and
then flip it so that was kind of the
same model in order to keep this whole
scheme going it's called a Ponzi scheme
yeah you know iterations throughout the
financial sector and it has been for
hundreds of years and the only check and
balance that's worked in the past to
some degree has been the gold standard
once the gold standard window was closed
in 1971 it assured and an era of pure
financialization and debt driven
corporate rating which has resulted in
the rise of extremely bad actors like
the Jamie Dimon for example who is
running really a herd of carnivorous
vultures who are undermining America as
we know it and as a result you know you
can see it in some of the data that is
in reference health people's people you
know you got another chart there I know
it I can feel it well I'm gonna get to
that chart because I'm gonna stay with
Jamie Dimon and JP Morgan because this
data on leveraged buyouts is about them
so if we can get to that other chart
I'll get to that set up the chart that's
coming there's a chart coming that's
gonna blow your mind but when you first
when you said that finance you blamed
bad actors on financialization I was
thinking you were gonna start talking
about like Sylvester Stallone or people
like that because that's where I thought
you were going with that but I was a bit
confused so here's JP Morgan study the
actual they put a timeframe on when
American stock market will be totally
private there will be no public stock
exchange in 77 years they said an
analysis by JP Morgan found that at the
current rate of stock buybacks all else
equal
I II assuming no new stock issuance the
SP
well LBO itself in about 77 years well
in other words they are doing some basic
analysis to figure out at what point
these stocks are completely gone from
the public domain but I think that that
timetable needs to be accelerated to
maybe five or ten years and I'll tell
tell you why because we are now
experiencing the end of a 30-year bull
market in bonds which means we're
entering a period of rising interest
rates and so the urgency to get deals
done before the any cost is applied
toward financing whatsoever needs to
happen quickly so I predict in the next
24 months you're gonna see the biggest
wave of mergers and acquisitions ever in
history by a factor of 10 as just 30 or
40 percent of everything that's traded
out there gets gobbled up and taken
private so now we're gonna turn to those
charts that you just been like not even
listening to what we've been saying the
last two minutes because they're like
what are these dramatic tension I have
actually two charts you see that it's
becoming even more fantastic well life
expectancy in the United States versus
pure nations from 1980 the US has been
falling behind the pure nations this is
from the New York Times and the pure
nations are Japan Switzerland Spain
Italy Australia France Luxembourg Norway
Sweden Canada New Zealand Finland the
Netherlands Iceland Ireland Austria
Portugal Belgium Britain Denmark Germany
so as you see they've fallen behind
every single one of their peers they're
doing worse despite what Hillary Clinton
had said on the campaign trail what she
thought that America was already great
we don't need to be any better it looks
like a different trajectory after 1980
this is the beginning of the whole
leveraged buyout boom you were there for
Mike Milken period that started I think
part of that that cheap money the way of
financing and financialization could be
responsible for this compared to all
those competitor nations the other
wealthy nations of the world why the US
has done so poorly as you see this is
the line out is how expensive your
healthcare is and the the line vertical
is how long you live so Americans are
spending a lot more than other
competitor nations on health care and
living a lot less longer that doesn't
look good that's financialization as
well I think life expectancy is
overrated
you know America is a nation of goldfish
you know goldfish will eat all the food
you give them until they kill themselves
if you go to San Francisco and you see
people living the American dream
shooting up smack on the sidewalk and
you see the needles everywhere dying in
the street that's the American dream
that's the American goldfish fulfilling
the promise of the leveraged buyout take
take all future revenue and earnings for
the next 50 to 100 years and compress it
to one year and then extracted by the
leveraged buyout of the private equity
firm so Warren Buffett has killed like a
hundred years of American history by
taking all that revenue then job
creation for a hundred years and
compressing it through a leveraged
buyout into the present day and then
extracting that for himself
so that's the very apotheosis of
narcissism he's King Narcis in this in
this bonfire of disgust in fact a Tom
Wolfe reference by the way who passed
away recently
rest in peace Tom Wolfe fantastic writer
part of the New Journalism school in
America when America was great
so part of what the New York Times piece
of looking at this data finds is that
since the 1980s and I think as part of
financialization and the the rise of
these Bronte's they just extract equity
that built by previous generations built
by say Apple extracting all the equity
from their company now built a company
built by Steve Jobs and his innovation
and his ideas well here we had the same
thing is that we were equal to all our
you know other competitor developing
developed nations at the time and then
what happened is the rise of basically
like vast bureaucracies you would think
that a socialist more socialist system
like France or Germany would have the
bigger bureaucracy but in fact America
has a bigger bureaucracy they find in
their health care system vast paperwork
anybody who has ever experienced both of
the systems there are a lot of people
right now on YouTube saying no America's
health care system is the best in fact
it's filled with paperwork and they said
that almost all of the the price rise
Rises compared to
Europe and Japan and other competitors
is it's completely just a markup
it's markup on services and goods and
and pharmaceuticals and stuff like that
so because there's no competition they
so it's the exact system of the Road to
Serfdom that that was predicted for the
likes of Europe but in fact European
prices there's less of a markup there's
less of a rant a class there's less
scalping there's more delivery of
service you get less delivery of service
and that shows and their results of life
expectancy and actual health outcomes
right Warren Buffett never invested in
Apple when it was a growth company yes
he preferred ketchup and chewing gum you
know things that were really appropriate
for a 90 year old semi senile idiot
where it's just like eating porridge all
day and then he looks at the box of
oatmeal and says I'm gonna buy the
oatmeal company and as he's drooling on
himself and there's a naked Charlie
Munger dancing in the corner flowers
jelly that's not even a woman did it you
have a wheel this morning well I'm
getting on just really get that head
walnuts and banana that's fantastic
anyway what I was saying was that he
never bought into it when it was a
growth company he only bought into it
when they became a market pariah buying
back their own stock illegally anyway a
few years ago and manufacturing
ill-gotten gains okay more coming your
way after the break do not go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Peter
George he's chairman of fit-- fit-- is a
Barbados based crypto FinTech company
making waves in the Caribbean Peter
George welcome Thank You max likes me
now it's great to have you on the show
because you are a guy who's not you know
a millennial I mean you've been you're
an entrepreneur and your VC a guy and
you were you picked up on this thing
called Bitcoin and you've dived in
headfirst into this bit which is
becoming a huge company in the region
how did you first hear about Bitcoin by
the way my first foray into Bitcoin was
because of a guy called Max Keiser into
in 2010 I actually is one of those
people that lost money in Mongkok so
wasn't a big amount and those days you
were buying Bitcoin at 30 or 40 euros a
day it was this it was a tedious process
okay so we put the seed of this
information in your head and then
Gabriel Abed showed up and you guys like
launched bit and so just give folks an
idea of what bit does well bit bit was
already around what happened was there
was a another legacy guy who works with
our instant young and I was talking to
him one day and I said you know I really
need to get this Bitcoin technology is
well it's unbelievable its
world-changing and I've been trying to
get my hands on something that's really
hard and he put me onto Gabriel
bit had already been founded and then
Gabe and I met and Gabe pitched the the
company to me basically at that time
they had knocked in about 50 doors kind
of like Harland Sanders and they had and
they continued unrelenting and they
found the perfect partner basically what
bid does is blockchain meet Central Bank
so it is a it is a a stable coin
development in that in a region like the
West Indies where you have in some cases
60 70 % people who were unbanked but you
have 130 140 percent mobile penetration
it was a perfect petri dish for rolling
out blockchain
technology so when Gabe met me because
of my pension already it was a fairly
easy fit it was a fairly say we hit it
off pretty well okay you say blockchain
meet central banks so that right there
is kind of a loaded statement because
blockchain of Bitcoin is now circling
the globe and central banks around the
world is trying to figure out what the
heck this is all about the central bank
in India is all confused Central Bank of
China is trying to figure it out Russia
seems like they're getting more into it
but everyone now has to confront this
and say they can't ignore it anymore so
in Europe part of the world
what's been the dialogue with you the
crypto man and the central bank and the
regulators and the government what it's
been kind of difficult you have a couple
of central banks who have been who have
been open to it particularly the Eastern
Caribbean Central Bank and they're
interesting as as our founders said
before they're a currency union that
that treads across eight different
countries they're eight central banks no
they're in this one central bank that
that's that translate country what is
that refer to itself as the central bank
the Eastern Caribbean Central but
Eastern tiger st. Kitts there's seven or
eight of the smaller islands in there
they have been more open and in the
situation like that you have where
somebody in st. Kitts wants to pay
somebody in Antigua that money has to go
into the u.s. wash spin and rinse cycle
and then get spit back out to an island
that's 150 miles away right and because
of the facility because of the back
office of the administration not for a
nefarious reason because it's just there
the structures not built or I come in in
your areas so it's got to go out of the
infrastructure so you're saying hey
central bank this blockchain actually
you can don't need to outsource the
infrastructure we can build it right
here absolutely and and on top of the go
to the US and spin and cycle there's
fees coming off of it and it's costing
the region we went to we went to we
presented the MIT labs a couple years
back and they estimated that seventy
million u.s. dollars a year is lost in
fees
and insurance stuff in shipping into the
Caribbean through the banks and they
said up to 70 to 80% of that could be
eliminated with with with with
blockchain technology to it we're
implementing that from a number against
70 70 to 80 percent can be saved right
what's the GDP of that area I don't know
I can you see CB I can speak to it for
Trinidad
maybe Barbados our GDP is 160 billion in
Trinidad which is roughly equates to
about 23 24 billion u.s. right so I mean
these are meaningful say the big numbers
I mean these are big news so it's almost
like you know you talk about remittances
in developing world you're saving 19
percent or more in the remittance fee
and it drops right down to the bottom
line if you're getting 10 or 20 bucks
and remittances it's getting another 2
or 3 bucks that's a huge difference in
your area you're gonna knock out huge
fees the banks of course now the central
banks are related to the commercial
banks and the commercial banks are doing
all the fees are they willing to break
ranks well in some instances they do I
mean well you know what a central bank
really does it finances a government
that's really what a central bank does
unfortunately with the Caribbean in many
instances because of the poor policies
of the last 10-15 years these countries
and the people are so they have a
penchant for foreign goods and foreign
money so by extension our central bank
could even have the capacity limit
policy a situation like right now in the
US which is coming out of recession
rates are going up in some parts of the
Caribbean where we're in recession where
rates should be going down to stimulate
that kind of rates are going up because
there's they're almost in a sense
they'll be central banks they can't make
they don't have monetary policy autonomy
so they are coupled to the central to
the commercial banks but they're also
coupled to the currencies aren't pegged
as a dollars they're not paid but
they're just Sambi in that they seem to
follow along without actually giving any
local consideration know how these
policies might impact so you're
suggesting that their rates should be
going lower its rates absolutely should
be going lower in the Caribbean
certainly in Trinidad and they're not
they're not because they're simply they
simply follow the US because of the of
their how inextricably linked
they are say the way we come up with our
decision we have a dot matrix and we
have metrics and we have all kinds of
data that we look at and we come up with
our interest rate policy and but here in
your part of the world what because of
the economy is within arm's reach of
these guys it's not a sprawling twenty
billion dollar economy they can look out
their window and see what's going on so
they don't need all that sophisticated
dot matrix stuff they can simply look
now we'll will this bit you're a company
bit which is blockchain means central
bank's how can it help them make that
kind of more informed decision it's a
stable coin we know that but well it how
has it enabled them to get a clearer
view well it may not help them as much
with policy right now but once you're in
a position to essentially digitize your
currency make your currency and make
essentially gonna expand the banking
base by I mean remember when you bring
somebody into the banking world and that
financial inclusion makes that person a
viable part of an economy when they're
not part of that economy and they're
still keeping money under a pillow or in
a shoe box and they don't have access to
credit they don't have access to regular
banking services when these people come
into the banking system your whole
banking superstructure begins to change
so I think when that begins to happen
and we begin to have a more homogenized
banking relationship between you know
the bank you know the bankers and the
bank I think the central banks will have
a little bit more space to have some
more autonomy in the policy-making but
and so that's something that we may do
but that's that that's a way off alright
so in other words you're adding more
people to the system and here's how I
see the economics of it all you're
adding more supply to the system which
could buttress your case for interest
rates to go down but we'll see how that
develops so let's get back to the main
business you know strategy of bit so
this block chain meets central banking
and regulatory framework you've got to
be on top of this and so what it what is
your goal like how would you like to see
that evolve well educate is
first thing because right now there's
still this fear there's this fear
because of a lack of understanding when
it comes down to let's just use crypto
as an example and you have some of the
foremost minds in the Caribbean that
will that will ask me and they say but
but what's it backed by and I'm just
using crypto but before we get to this
table coin what is it back by and I said
you know and they they go on this and it
of intrinsic value and I believe in
subjective value that's that that's what
my training is but put that aside and
and I asked them they said what is the
US dollars back by the central bank I
said so so you feel comfortable that the
value of your money is controlled and
backed by people who in keeping that
value will then debase the value it
doesn't make any sense they you know
sometimes they don't understand they
think because of these seven people in
the room male or female with suits on
that essentially decide the price of
money in the future is a a soothing you
know and that's why they ask that what
Beck's crypto but going back to going
back to the strategy with us is
educating the central bankers to
understand educating the policymakers to
understand that we're not an athlete of
the system what we will do is compliment
the system what is gonna do this is
going to be a gateway this is going to
be a gateway to ease into the
ever-evolving dynamic world of digital
currencies and it kind of as a friend of
ours to say plows the road and makes it
easier so that central banks become a
little bit more pliant into
understanding and it's not quite this
systemic shock of going away from
government-issued fiat money into this
you know as they said on I think it was
a South Park space cash so that
education is I think is what's important
I think that they're coming around but
it's just taking a little bit of time
and I when some of the big hitters of
the world you know some of the the older
legacy guys come across and say things
that are disparaging we're all the
Charlie Munger's that kind of hurts your
case right it hurts those guys speak
talking out of their book there's
talking their book really they they see
this as a competitive threat so they're
just trying to force progress
those guys have made a shed load of
money and I respect those guys ability
to spot value right and put their money
in the value but they invest and think
that don't change
Wrigley's chewing gum right Gillette I
mean so when you look back when the
annals of history are written I don't
know I don't know that it was anything
groundbreaking when they come out and
say things that are disparaging like I
think you say one of them in a previous
segment I mean it just like Warren
Buffett has totally got his tentacles
into Wall Street and if they see
something they don't like they can
coerce Wall Street into attacking it
with naked short sales in all kinds of
chicane eree
but here they can't use those attacks so
they they are forced to use ad hominem
attacks and you know and once you start
insulting something with ad hominem
attacks it's like you've lost the
argument it shows that they're they're
they're impotent
that's not best only when it reaches the
end it's like Jamie Dimon is impotent he
can't do anything about this wave of
change that disintermediating him but
hearing the things that they say and
most recent photo of Jamie Dimon at the
airport and see if you see this man call
the police immediately be they should be
warm bottom stuffers it's Crimestoppers
don't let there are the most dangerous
people who can never let on an airplane
I think monger Buffett financial jihad
that's what they are so they watched our
show down there oh yeah oh yeah I look
great in a speedo by the way well I hear
I'm looking forward to you in Bermuda
with the speedo on I'll be there to see
you burn me in a shorts we're gonna
street the shorts this we have to take
the short string bikini we got a time
look really good Peter George thanks for
being on the kaisers a pleasure and
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy everybody want to thank our guest
Peter George he's the chairman of bit
down there in the Caribbean if you want
to catch us on Twitter it's Kaiser
report until next time yeah and me and
my Speedos bye y'all
