the last terrorists Enclave south of
Damascus has now been liberated from
Islamic state that leaves all areas
around the Syrian capital officially
under government control our state
television footage has shown the army
celebrating victory firing rounds into
the air the areas seem intense fighting
between terrorists and government forces
over the last few weeks Murad gas Deif
who's been across the conflict for us on
the ground in Syria has more on that
development Assad has won the Battle of
Yarmouk Goethe he in that area he is now
victorious but it did come at a huge
price and we must understand that other
than being a symbolic victory this is
also a strategic victory because this is
a huge weight of the Syrian government's
of the Syrian government's shoulders was
Isis against al-qaeda against Islamist
against rebels against the Syrian
government with shifting alliances you
know temporary temporary ceasefire but
honestly I've been to many places in
Syria and from what my colleagues who
then now tell me your MOOC is one of a
kind
many of my colleagues locals
international journalists some of whom I
knew some of them were killed some of
them crippled wounded in Yarmouk because
of how vicious and horrendous the the
fighting lab was it was originally a
city founded by Pilate built up by
Palestinian refugees but to be honest
with you it's very difficult imagining
many people coming back anytime soon
there's simply nothing left to come back
to the city has been annihilated over
the last seven years and add to that all
the booby traps the mines the unexploded
munitions and honestly difficult to see
anyone coming back and starting from
starting from scratch but there is there
is a bright side to all of this Damascus
is now secure so people in Damascus
millions in and around the city will no
longer wake up in the middle of the
night to deafening explosions for the
first time Damascus is free of war
