an investigation is underway into Cuba's
worst air disaster for nearly 30 years
more than 100 people died when a Boeing
737 came down shortly after taking off
from Havana on Friday they were said to
be a hundred and ten people on board
including five children and six crew
members
soon after the crash local media
reported for survivors although one was
said to have died on the way to hospital
three others are currently in a critical
condition the jets black box flight
recorders have not yet been recovered
the plane reportedly came down in a
field not far from Jose Marti
International Airport it was heading to
the Cuban city of Hogan the Cuban
government's declared a period of
mourning starting Saturday until
midnight on Sunday local reporter
kwang-ho Camino has more details plane
that was on a local flight from Havana
to Holguin again on the northeastern
side of Cuba tourist resort but where
lots of Cubans live first we heard a
bang then there were love ambulances and
police rushing by and when we came out
here we could see smoke there was a bang
and a column of smoke then we saw police
cars and Fire Brigades passing by we've
been told that the families of those who
lived in ogen of the victims are being
ferried are being brought to Havana
tonight they'll be in Havana helping in
the identification of the victims the
three survivors are women and are in
hospital one of them was being operated
on the others are being studied their
case is being studied we don't know yet
but we will know soon they have promised
a full investigation top Cuban
authorities were on the side on the
scene of this tragedy
the President himself President Miguel
Diaz canal who has just been sworn into
office he was there the Minister of
Transportation was there everybody was
there trying to help and figure out what
happened it's a tragedy by all means
it's a local flight a passenger flight
that Cubana Airlines had leased from a
Mexican Air company Global air I
understand is the name
and the crew was a Mexican cruise but a
very very sad situation indeed a Boeing
737 with more than 100 people on board
