German Chancellor Angela Merkel is in
the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi
where she's been meeting with Vladimir
Putin a few hours ago that leaders held
a news conference and answered questions
from journalists among them are T's Ilya
Petrecca it didn't seem at all
especially at the very beginning like
two political rivals internationally I
mean we're meeting here in Sochi when
Angela Merkel stepped out of her
limousine Vladimir Putin was standing
there with roses and that was just when
the newly reappointed Russian Prime
Minister Dmitry Medvedev was walking out
of the building and the Chancellor
wished him good luck in Russian then
later during the press conferences both
leaders kept saying how no political
differences can stop them and their
countries from being partners if not
friends we have strategic interests to
maintain good relations with Russia and
maintaining dialogue is crucial I want
to underline that if we want to overcome
issues we need to conduct dialogue there
are many topics where we're united
Germany is one of our key trade partners
we just started by German goods in
higher volumes which supports jobs in
Germany our cooperation common
enterprises these are essential factors
influencing the lives of Germans and
Russians but the Russian and German
governments do have a whole lot of
issues between them from the Ukrainian
crisis to even this script ball case and
in one way or another all these issues
were brought up during the talks or the
press conference however since Donald
Trump said goodbye to the so-called
Iranian nuclear deal Berlin and Moscow
do genuinely see eye-to-eye at least on
one issue Germany Great Britain France
and all our colleagues in the EU support
the Iran young nuclear deal and we are
sticking to it we from the European side
are discussing the situation with Iran
the agreement isn't perfect but it's
better than none we should continue
negotiating with Iran and on that we are
united
Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel
promised to make an extra effort to make
sure that the nuclear agreement stays in
place now moving on to sanctions usually
when you hear Putin Merkel talks the
first thing that comes up on your mind
is anti-russian sanctions but so to say
the season is different since economic
sanctions and all other kinds of
punishment you can think of have become
the favorite toy or rather the political
tool of the donald trump administration
we've been hearing about all kinds of
sanctions against Iran against Russia
and even against European companies that
deal with Russia and those that deal
with Iran and in this case a joint
Russia German project called Nordstrom -
for the direct Russian natural gas
deliveries to Germany is now in jeopardy
Vladimir Putin was asked about it his
reaction was calm and he did point out
that the issue of Nord Stream 2 is one
of the very few things if not the only
thing where the Obama administration and
the Donald Trump administration share
common ground the u.s. position on the
Nord Stream project is well known in
this case we say a rare situation of the
White House actually agreeing with the
legacy of the Obama administration
there's no doubts that these kind of
summits will continue in the future and
possibly next time with the leaders of
France and Ukraine to sort out the
political crisis in that Eastern
European country the so-called Normandy
format and it was also in Sochi where a
meeting between Merkel and Putin 11
years ago generated plenty of headlines
because the Russian president brought
along his pets Labrador lots of Western
journalists portrayed that move as Putin
trying to play psychological games
considering that Mackel has a
much-publicized fear of dogs in a later
interview though Putin claims he had
never known that and apologized for the
incident as soon as he found out I saw
correspond to mentioned earlier though
both leaders have a long his
three of coming face to face
the Russian president likes to drink
German beer and sometimes there is a
possibility that we can exchange I have
also gotten very good smoked fish yeah
Angela from time to time sends me a
couple of bottles of Raider burger beer
