the Stan Collymore show has been lucky
enough to travel to many of the 32
countries that have qualified for the
FIFA World Cup but there is one that
stands out above all five times world
champions welcome to Brazil so from
Christ the Redeemer looking of a
beautiful Rio de Janeiro to one of the
world's most iconic stadiums the maric칩n
are welcome to the American our stadium
this iconic venue has hosted two FIFA
World Cup Finals the first in 1950 when
one hundred and ninety-nine thousand
people packed this stadium to the
rafters and then I was here to witness
over in the media Tribune Germany beat
Argentina 1 nil in the 2014 edition this
is quite an incredible venue some team
by Peter whose writings of the museum
wearing the famous Brazil shirt of
Austin Americana
we had the great man join us on the
first episode of the Stan Collymore show
he needs very little introduction Pele
the king of soccer yeah he played on
Santos in San Paulo but he made a lot of
history here in stadium that's the ball
of the goo 1000 oh yeah that's the ball
yeah it's called
over a thousand goals but there's a
famous one it's a penalty yeah a penalty
in the Moroccan art and that is the ball
that he scored his thousandth goal with
her Majesty the Queen came to the
Moroccan Arwen made the birthplace right
to feel this before now right I think
like 90 to 95 she came here on the CDE
68 okay they were sponsored a project of
a construction here on the city and they
came here she was a fan of Bel Air
she went to see Bella
and we made a match for the Queen here
the king of soccer and the Queen of
England fantastic and I were the seats
that the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh
sat on yeah that's the lesser seats and
Palomita go 900 in this match for the
Queen one year before the bow 1,000 a
year later these was the walkway of Fame
and son of the great manager of the team
in 1982 and here is the man outdoor and
Thorne is Coimbra but we know him as
Zico Jude this is Zico son obviously
deals with his dad every day but yeah
when I was 11 your dad was the reason
that I played football
really and I always wanted to wear so at
Nottingham Forest a club I played for
for a time I wore number 10 it was
because of the 1992 walk up and your
daddy that's incredible you know I'm 40
years old I still get emotional when I
hear this you are I have to give you a
big hug because the reason why I wanted
to be a footballer
Somu table regard oh thank you
imagine rewind into being an
eleven-year-old kid and watching this
this man and his teammates do quite
things that I've still never seen on a
football pitch and this was one of the
football boots that he wore to play in
that World Cup the coq sportif I'm very
lucky to have had a very good football
career and to have played with and
against some incredible people
but Zico was the man
when I was an 11 year old inspired me to
play football so my table gather first
how good was the Brazilian team of 1982
a shakira chemi-con see you honey there
are no jogador schema Sushma Harrison
trip advisor on our own quasi touch me
Doris Wishman Serena don't you sue fat -
inch toad starting shotgun donna Brazile
yoga trays and jean toes are killing
themselves since you to college you
would Forge Priscilla so Elizabeth I
guess for players like Neymar now in the
Brazilian national team he looked to
likes of Ronaldo Zico polite but he was
your hero in that famous Brazilian shirt
know where I if I were to talk about
Flamengo Kiara Judah you know sensing
went away - atif way to - la basura
Sandra's Ilya you panic a boost on
underwear has ever did deposit paid
position estimation of L a gradual
mikazuchi
Kyoto CL Kim is paratha proclaims
farinelli and the mere muffled Sankyo
illogical makalah epic are versed push
Donahue Shh no novia mucho jokes
Balotelli is owned San Paulo Minas in
town via much pork belly large cookie de
puesta G Demelza do a modular approach
onomichi comas are a semi agronsky raz칩n
look at this if you're talking about
football historical documents it doesn't
get much better with there are
journalists that will of course write
great books about football and there are
many many great books but for one of the
FIFA greatest players of all time to
document his own goals his own
performances I have never seen this
before so this is the World Cup that I
grew up watching and this incredible
team so we have Island seven mil against
the Irish Russia in Sevilla chosen using
our producer is from Seville s cross
filed fella free-kick Allan Roth this is
for you this is the man slits so they're
looking the great man is written it
himself
one water for one s Gracia in Sevilla
yeah one free-kick nervous ilandia for
Neal yeah it was Argentina in Barcelona
Denis you won 3-1 and then they tell you
one of the greatest World Cup games not
perhaps not for Brazil but for in
football history Marco Tardelli
and earlier you my friend yeah 11 jaw
goes in this yes eight goals yes yes
that's it is s I wouldn't get the
hotdogs Kyoji banarsidass unders
advantage I was er saying only defeat in
official games that he ever had in the
national team ever in his career I'm
fascinated at how like may you keep
notes of every game that's very unusual
for a footballer why did you do that
okay
quando a church in Minnesota who in
Monica Babu's mea todo mundo para fazer
su una de agua agua sonic Adam tan
cuando Pumas yoga a Penelope Chia okay
ah fazendo coma Vantage co-op sazabi
Falcone egg
ah God and Asano tavius gold yeah killer
fear unfortunate Oprah - Casey a kabhi
kabhi bahu job - Jessica - Rafa Xia -
they prefer their no no the shop Assam
which they are Cabarrus and Tudor 1978
was your first work open is in the next
door neighbors Argentina how excited we
applied in your first World Cup
gradually energy problem I keep the push
Yakubu with certainty Quattro acids of
commuters and yoga nakooma acababa de
las aguas yala vo/anim para prayaga 6th
la camisa majestic raffia much effect
achiever jakob a no nintendo felicidade
de poder de manera de mundo y su
interests SEO eat ambassador brazil
arabic o buddhist randomize no moment
funada compete so chiba ma mama lesson
for Kim Ichiro pr치cticamente dojo go
kaydessa do Tercel quadriga
join me every Thursday on the Alex
Salmond show and I'll be speaking to
guess in the world of politics sport
business and show business I'll see you
then
across Europe municipalities are taking
their water supplied back from private
companies song padam even if I come to
Vegas or elsewhere though they invite
private companies to take over their
utilities if any party lost ropers after
Alex mishegoss Zagato Perryville on
diplomatic Oh Marisol given visas kami
apophysis Dakota now look you rose to
treetop programs are more years Mendota
left Aurora locals are ready to stand up
for the basic human right of access to
water it's about water but it's also of
a much more and more it's about the hurt
and the redistribution of our wealth
upwards and their debt downwards they
want our
most people think to stand out in this
business you need to be the first one on
top of the story or the person with the
loudest voice or the biggest ratings in
truth to stand out in the news business
you just need to ask the right questions
and demand the right answers question
more
I can tell you I have killed 13 people
with missile strikes and there are 1626
unnamed enemies that were killed in all
the missions that I completed and I know
that I know that for a fact and I know
each of these persons was a human being
they had a family they had friends they
had lives and we ended them the
possibilities are endless what else
should seem wrong when our rules just
don't hold any new world that is yet to
shape out disdain becomes the etiquette
an engagement
was betrayal when so many find
themselves worlds apart we choose to
look for common ground' the 1982 World
Cup was the football tournament that
inspired me to play football to want to
be a footballer to want to express my
love of the game
Zico Edie Falco Socrates jr. serginho
what were your memories of that World
Cup in Spain I K pasado de todos Brazil
review committee ammavaru AirTouch
committed Raja porque Vecchio go Trey
Songz Leandro Junaid Amado see a policy
door oh yeah de OCHA Tessa says numeira
say desu yo
chakras Jurgen acaba de mundo porque si
esta vez por su tiempo de la primera
jogo l colo-colo yo focus areas occurred
Yosh kill a Dorito acabou perdiendo su
parte Leandro as Vesna poi a ver m치s
comida Jia gain ki pelota de lado Tom
Brazil con el viento aqui na na llegamos
na past Attica yo bosque de su fue en
fatwa imported
awash que era meloa
OS iguanas amputation Cristobal Cobras
Oh possessed a poor example a Osaka
Falcon yo Cerezo sagas entry un fake a
snowbank porque la misma position quad y
na hoga most raisins dasa formosa
country young catalana co-op sh mudo tom
Technica qualidade selling my Sint
Eustatius
but a zoo they've problemo so yes and
there's a famous is a famous sequence of
Pele in the Brazil national so it was in
1970 so the ball goes one way and Pele
runs and the goalkeeper is all over the
place
Zico you look here did exactly the same
move but ends up with a different result
in the back of the net
how disappointing was it that that team
that very special team still around the
world didn't win the World Cup
hey watch Mountain also Araki achieve a
ho moment catch it you know put your
high tide on Jimmy fortune should be
born
congratula Doris Bruno question 20 on
your polo horse it's a daily around a
dish for sure they are fantastic it is
your gardener Suey who he approached the
perfect are going to be in town taking a
couple do mundo Sonam pooja with a whole
cell vertebra Casa neither Michael nor
mouse he played in three World Cups not
many players have done that in history
of the World Cup which was your favorite
and why amia opera defendant a Jewish
PNG subida da NOSSA capacidad
Sabir Kozhikode cigar mojito with orange
trees language preference price
Jakob Amish thicker do deception arch
poor not the costigan age put a fee now
the watch for second edition put Murphy
now he paid you wash key object evoke
Assad my Achilles agus akasha Mira C
Romans put a phenom
the first in this career in my that's
the first and which one was this
wonderful is kick you ladies coming in
so for each put down tornado so much
this come to ice you know a second place
electron over chillier now stir it
sounded the leading scorer of the
competition if or how old a futsal
futsal what was your favorite Brazil go
for you move - dollar and I see less on
Brazil the error if we urge the copper
to attend today's official Nash's Amazon
wishlist mantra
I wish laughs yeah your physical side
there blonde a diffuser toward the big
old elf is GUI Raj commit Wembley tell
me the story of their quota so maravilla
was attorney pokey for a premier a fish
kill Jimmy sulla miracle they co-angler
hala yaya's arrow fish go he kill go
Elaine cellphone go boo near to eat a
mangy French porky who Clements gurgle
air oh gosh the AMA AMA ballsy about
Alma Cosmo to add a new a quandary
of velcro cemented wedge vodka
anticipates a Gurkha Domini abala qo k
avocado yo le Prokofiev OC Ella Trudeau
Korea to Korea certainly knew Elena
proclaiming Solis operable prabhasa
yes sir tarry in town Yoko boot a cocoon
on wash brush roller button other than
the war scepter at four I have one more
thing the 11 year old child in May has
brought the new the 2018 Brazil shirt
and I'm gonna come and sit by you
because this is a very important moment
for me
would you sign my shirt please to the
little boy that's still still in my
heart to stand to establish stance or
buy stuff yes please - little boy stand
is that Stan is good so everybody out
there if you love this great game of
ours that we do dreams still can come
true even at the age of 47 Zico thank
you very much for joining me on the
stand : Washoe an absolute world legend
thank you Oh buddy AJ Szczerbiak incasa
successful overseer Messiah thank you
Nava great daddy
both yeah I scored both Wow serious the
reason one of the reasons why I wanted
to use my left foot was because I had a
broken leg when I was a kid so I would
just walk around it originally right but
the best goals I scored I'm strangely
the left okay no Islamiyah is the
statute assumed statute is in Flamengo
in the club
Zico after you do give you earn one
shirt the Brazil thank you
we've come to one of Rio de Janeiro's
poorest favelas to find quite an
incredible project started by two guys
Frank and Fabro several years ago why is
it so special because they took these
kids from this local area and taught
them our beautiful game tell me about
this project that you guys started here
in rio preto parque de departamentos new
English message nelly furtado this
imagem a catastrophe Khan Chaka pasha
lbrahim on de France a decimal to
achieve yeaseong a stress causes Caracas
nachos Horan fasten adios yo CK sanada
atomic real monkey monkey in DOS message
yes travel evangelist one comment
emoticons oh Hanukkah sheamus's of
football Foucault Brasilia fighter
superiors who Brazil what's your name
Bruno stand absolutely fantastic time in
Brazil from the top of Corcovado to the
Moroccan are to the Copacabana beach but
this for me is the heart and soul of
football these guys are wish all the
very best our hope for the next Neymar I
hope they've an expert in Mexico see you
soon on the Stan Collymore show one
our world cup countdown continues here
on the Stan Collymore Show as this
summer's world crop is less than one
month away this week we focus on five
times world champions Brazil the little
Canaries will be joined by Costa Rica
Switzerland and Serbia in Group E as
they battle to get to the round of 16
Brazil are undoubtedly one of the huge
favourites to win the tournament in
Russia their squad will be led by the
world's most expensive footballer Neymar
however TT's man will be thoroughly
tested by giant killers Costa Rica with
a population of just 5 million plus la
really do pack a punch for one of the
smaller nations in the competition they
beat both Uruguay and Italy at the 2014
FIFA World Cup this will be the 11th
appearance for Linate as they attempt to
progress out of the group stage Serbia
are the outsiders in Group E
I mean squeeze through qualification
their squad features midfield powerhouse
and Manchester United star nemanja
mattock the Serbians will have to step
up on the world's biggest stage as they
face three very tough opponents next
week we take a look at Group F as world
champion II defend their title
you
