as Washington Pat's itself on the back
for pushing North Korea to hit the
brakes on its nuclear program America
itself is going in the opposite
direction in fact on the very same day
that Donald Trump proudly announced he
plans to meet Kim jong-un in June his
officials at the Pentagon rolled out
their nuclear expansion plan and
evolving and uncertain geopolitical
landscape calls for the United States to
recapitalize is to fast Buitoni own
capabilities this is the Savannah River
Site in South Carolina a nuclear
refinery built at the start of the Cold
War which the Pentagon now wants to
bring back from the dead it was intended
to produce materials for nuclear weapons
but was left half built and riddled with
structural problems after the Cold War
though the plan was to flip it from
being a bomb Resource Center to a
peaceful energy producer the Savannah
River Site is a key Department of Energy
industrial complex responsible for
disposition of nuclear materials waste
management environmental cleanup and
environmental stewardship so the
Pentagon wants to weaponize a facility
which was intended to be a nuclear arms
burial ground but what exactly do they
plan to produce pits bombs that when
armed with nuclear warheads can create a
blast 1,000 times stronger than that of
Hiroshima it's expected to produce 50
each year and the US has been crystal
clear as to why they need pits so badly
back in 2010 the Obama administration's
NPR said we with misplaced hope that
quote Russia is not an enemy and is
increasingly a partner close quote
anyone who watches the news today knows
that this is not the case if it ever was
President Putin announced that Russia is
developing and fielding for new and
horrific nuclear weapons nuclear
deterrence is our number one priority
defense mission forces warheads nc3
people and infrastructure it's all part
of the deterrent it's time to buckle
down and get after all of it nuclear
weapons are popping up on both sides of
the fence the US and Russia both saying
they're responding to threats from each
other although Trump got in there first
months before Putin unveiled Russia's
new weapons we must modern
and rebuild our nuclear arsenal
hopefully never having to use it but
making it so strong and so powerful that
it will deter any acts of aggression by
any other nation or anyone else the
whole world has just signed a treaty to
ban nuclear weapons they were 122
countries except for the nuclear powers
and that's where we are right now Russia
actually ratified the Comprehensive Test
Ban Treaty we never did how a Congress
never voted for it
Putin made his nuclear policy speech in
March he he talked about the
anti-ballistic missile treaty that back
in 2000
Russia was categorically against our
withdrawing from it and the what if it
is the cornerstone in the national
security system and so here we are that
was in 2000 and now the race is on so if
we don't get along then certainly the
other countries aren't going to follow
us we've we've got a sec example so even
though the US has been pushing hard for
Iran in North Korea to ditch their nukes
it's hard to imagine who's going to obey
if the u.s. can't lead by example
Donald quarter RT
you
