now Africa has long promoted itself as a
safari holiday destination catering not
least to well-off travelers through
advertisements like this one but it does
appear that the reality on the ground is
often less rosy because safari parks
have been looking to expand their
territory and that according to a new
study has led the government of the East
African state of Tanzania to massive
Ixion's of indigenous communities the
evictions took off years ago but
tensions rose after some 20,000 people
were allegedly left homeless last August
and September alone with nearly 6,000
homes deliberately damaged some of those
affected have told their story because
other go to forget aluminium limos run
on a profile about battery cumin was
putting on weight and William
donnafugata for you from the typical
messes come amazing nana ticket on a to
make lucky to unicycle Panza tanzania
mizuha sabha photo module mikaze
kamikaze not enough accuser to not pee
well as I am sure legislation and land
laws in the name of conservation the
government of Tanzania has been
dispossessing the indigenous groups
these legislations have been used to
basically deny the Maasai their access
to grazing lands their access to water
holes but not just that it has allowed
the some of the Safari companies that
are operating in the area to collude
with the local officials who have
intimidated who have arrested and beaten
the villagers because they have tried to
use their ancestral lands we also find
that they have been violent evictions
and these have all been carried out in
the name of promoting tourism some of
the laws in the absence of food aid has
led to widespread hunger malnutrition
and disease the kind of disposition that
the report points to shows that though
they are not just being forced out of
their homes and lands but the Messiah
being forced out of the existence well
the head of one of the companies probed
Thompson Safari strongly denies being
involved in the evictions its director
Rick Thompson adds that they also work
with local communities and the
government to improve access to water
although activists on the ground do tell
a different story the tourism and of
course the bottom line of all this is
because of their you know their property
you know the source of economic income
so if the pastoralists Maasai we're
depending on their livestock but they
don't have access to resources and we
look upon grazing land we look about
access to water
it's our status it is a tragedy if I
look for example what happened back in
2006 the government evicted people from
the southern part of Tanzania the
pastoralists but of course there was so
much violation
and there was where the houses were
burned you know so a lot of route ality
I can say there was no any planning of
where they be you know when you live in
a place you improve it you have
structure you have social services and
now you are moved adjusted to the forest
so if you ask me whether all them as I
have a place to live like I think they
don't where they are is where they live
and as their all
