promises politicians make them and break
them
Trump has something of a reputation for
at least making good on some of his
president Trump's decision tonight is
yet another example of Donald Trump
keeping promises to you the American
people the president Trump is keeping
his promise to make America safe again
president Trump keeping his promise made
in America week starting today so let's
give the guy credit where credit is due
but here five times Trump should have
perhaps parked those pledges first up
vowing to recognize Jerusalem as
Israel's capital we will move the
American Embassy to the eternal capital
of the Jewish people Jerusalem
while the Israeli PM proclaimed it a day
of peace deadly protests raged elsewhere
dozens dead and over 2,000 injured
including children
next up bailing on the Iran nuclear deal
Trump's always been pretty clear about
what he'd do when he got the keys to the
White House my number one priority is to
dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran
yes grapping the deal and a slew of new
sanctions Trump expected others to
follow but what he got was a
multinational shaking of heads leaders
who voiced regret said they were deeply
concerned and called it an unfortunate
step the nuclear deal is not a bilateral
agreement and it is not in the hands of
any single country to terminate it
unilaterally Europe's not happy and
Americans probably won't be so happy
about the next thing on Trump's
checklist either vowing to boost the
military budget as soon as I take office
I will ask Congress to fully eliminate
the defense si question and will submit
a new budget to rebuild our military the
commander in chief has already secured a
61 billion dollar increase for 2018
taxpayers also might like to know how
that will send the 2020 deficit to about
I don't know a trillion dollars but that
won't stand in the way of Trump's
promise to storm off from the Paris
climate Accord we're going to rescind
all the job destroying Obama executive
actions
including the climate action plan sure
he kept his word but this time the rest
of the world just shrugged its shoulders
gave a collective meh and is carrying on
without him
finally let's not forget that white
house 180 when Trump took over from
Barack Obama and vowed to keep America's
notorious terror suspect prison open for
business
I watched President Obama talking about
Gitmo right Gwen Tana MoBay which by the
way which by the way we are keeping open
and we're gonna load it up with some bad
dudes believe me we're gonna load it up
no surprises there
what's more Trump is a bit of a fan of
the waterboarding interrogation
technique even if the UN says it's
torture in fact he's so sold on it he's
lined up a CIA pick infamously linked to
torture methods but Gina Haspel is so
controversial that police have twice had
to remove protesters from her Senate
hearing for the job
so the Dons being good on his word fair
enough but perhaps the world might be a
calmer place if he just occasionally let
a few promises slide you know like the
others do Donald quarter RT
you
