de Caro
aperto Christa the union extraordinary
de la conferencia de Presidente / la
prima Volta a trois miss on a web
streaming there a journalist ax
importante no Mita Ella presences new
gerberg phone that already Facebook the
Union seek include era la hora de señal
de treinta Thank You mr. suitable for
accepting our invitation this is an
important mark of respect towards
European Parliament and the European
citizens that are represented here in
this room all political groups are
present here you can explain what
happened inform them of what you have
done to solve the problem and answer
their questions a Krista Renu named
seguirá uno de soon a Publica sulla
cuestiones que era Robo presto la camisa
Nellie bedrock wall Cassetti mana Khun
Ella party she bats on the altar a
commission competent e sin cara cara de
profundis la cuestión Don punto de vista
peu tecnico a mode of you cheese course
and Sara Sara on very proprio eating
fries at Ament a una no Quattrocento
million Europe a hundred no al good and
Renoir silly renewal in Euro represent
on T a nuevo dream okay el voto vicious
corridor o for say veramente
libero for Tripoli agenda came with
analytic Isola record route leads o
non-legal ddotty personally alpha not
influence our resulted literally a
element in Austria cittadini Meriton on
a complete edit a leotta
spaghetti own a di cuanto a can you take
over k abbiamo invitado it's new
kannberg sa qui con
we stopped a miniature humans pet ok
enkay to telle altri data form a
digitally colaborate cone in Ostrow
parliament in austria seated in e kiddin
deserted air agreed to devote in vienna
constable it's a Sulha basa deformity on
a very tear Dobby amo guarantee Raquel
or Oh Dottie personally Nam vengan on my
Repetto my atilla's RT / many people are
a legitimate el proceso Democrat
Democratic oh he that is general you
tend to so node event at una resource
inestimable level or exactly at this
post a pagar Bianca perfume at a mint so
Neil core business the multi data form a
digital help rate so came all to ten T
Pagano 12 or 10 averted I mean the
income the deserve its it spaceship
gratuity the democracy Baron on po
ananda restaurateurs format in order at
soon remarketing in quick easy process
the NASA data acquisition own vantage of
Politico hav she okay al internal stable
Iranian repair art for zebra Yankel
internal Darren Ostrom unipaas so no
utilities re in Manila Frodo linty edad
in Ossipee amo Jackie he cheated in
Europe a in a rant annoyed her chained
iris contrato no TTA totalmente falsity
foods delicate affirm a low taunted
Reaper train Torre technically fake news
represent you know on a minute rapid la
democracia
hey Kovac you know William okay Gigante
digitally respecting Leonor may su
récord Rizzo dentistry dad a trade with
journée entra en vigor in vivo regal
amento europeo sulla protección a ddotty
personal viceregal Al Ahram Guardia
veloute 40 min diagnosed through
Parliament Oprah we drank a peasant
essentially control Abruzzo did a deep
personal in control EOG represent
assault on tone punto de part ends
vers une anova format ago bonanza della
pietà form a digital no se amo a
regulatory termini de to teleology oniy
kiev Remo is parlamento votre indycar a
dilution in concrete a terracotta for
Medora
responsibility for media social media
social media with
president they'll Commission your Creed
okay
tempo salad man the reporter I demand an
intervention she'll die without there
are three minutes for your question it's
good it's good to be back in Europe
thank you for inviting me here today for
this important discussion now Europeans
make up a large and incredibly important
part of our global community and many of
the values that Europeans care about
deeply our values that we share from the
importance of human rights from the need
for community to the love of technology
and all the potential that it can bring
now we've always focused on all the good
that technology and connecting people
can bring and as Facebook has grown it
has helped give people ever around the
world new tools to stay connected to the
people they care about most after the
recent terrorist attacks in Berlin and
Paris London and here in Brussels tens
of thousands of people have used our
safety check tool to tell the people
they love that they're safe
refugees arriving in Europe are using
Facebook to stay in touch with their
loved ones back home and find new
communities here there are 18 million
small businesses here in Europe that use
Facebook today mostly for free almost
half of whom say that they have hired
more people as a result of their use of
our tools but it's also become clear
over the last couple of years that we
haven't done enough to prevent these
tools from being used for harm as well
and that goes for fake news foreign
interference and elections and
developers misusing people's information
we didn't take a broad enough view of
our responsibility and that was a
mistake and I'm sorry for it it's going
to take time to work through all the
changes that we need to make here but
I'm committed to getting this right and
to making the significant investments
that are necessary to keep people safe
for example
we're doubling the number of people
working on safety and security at our
company to more than 20,000 by the end
of this year on top of the investments
that we're making in other areas
I expect that these increased
investments in security will
significantly impact our profitability
but I want to be clear keeping people
safe will always be more important than
maximizing our profits now let me start
by explaining the action we're taking to
prevent what happened with Cambridge
analytic from happening again back in
2014 we changed our policies to more
tightly restrict the information that
apps could get and to proactively review
all apps asking for more data so now
we're gonna go even further than this
first when you use an app it's now only
gonna get limited access to your
information your name your profile photo
and your email address unless they've
gone through a full review so that's
much less information that apps can get
on mobile platforms today second if you
haven't used an app in three months
we're gonna prevent that app from
accessing your information until you
authorize it again third last month we
showed everyone on the top of their
newsfeed a tool with a list of all the
apps that they've used as well as a
simple way to remove permissions for any
apps that they no longer want access
finally we're investigating every single
app that had access to a large amount of
people's information before we lock down
our platform in 2014 and where we have
concerns we're going to conduct an audit
and suspend the app and if we conclude
that people's personal data was misused
we will ban the app and the developer
completely and tell everyone who is
affected so far we've investigated
thousands of apps and we've suspended
more than 200 now as we work to protect
people's information we also need to
give people more control at the heart of
Europe's new data protection law the GDP
are our three important principles
control transparency and accountability
and we've always shared these values and
given people the ability to control what
information they share and who they
share it with and now we're going even
further to comply with these strong new
rules we're making the same controls and
settings available to people who use
Facebook around the world in addition to
gdpr we're also working to give people
important new controls for example in
your web browser you already have a
simple way to clear your cookies and
browsing history so we're building a
version of this for Facebook to that
we're calling clear history it will
enable you to see the information we
receive from websites and apps when you
use them and to clear this information
from your account and turn off the
ability to store it associated with your
account going forward now when you clear
your cookies in your web browser that
can make your browsing experience worse
you may have to sign back in to every
website that you use and you know clear
in your history on Facebook may make
parts of your experience worse too but
this is an example of the kind of
control that we think that people should
have and something that privacy
advocates and regulators especially here
in Europe have long called for now let's
turn to elections in the next 18 months
there are important elections globally
including many here in Europe as well as
for the European Parliament the United
States Brazil India and Indonesia in
2016 we were too slow to identify
Russian interference on Facebook in the
u.s. presidential election at the time
we were more focused on more traditional
kinds of cyber attacks like phishing and
Malware and we identified those and we
told people but we weren't prepared
enough for the kind of coordinated
misinformation operations that we are
now aware of so since then we've made
significant operation investments to
protect the integrity of elections by
making these kinds of attacks much
harder to do on Facebook and I have more
confidence that we're going to get this
right going forward
because we've already done a better job
in several important elections since
2016 including the French presidential
election the German elections and the
Alabama special election in the US last
year we're working with governments and
other technology companies to share
information about threats in real time
so for example in Germany before the
2017 elections we work directly with the
JEM the German Federal Office for
information security we're also using
new technology including AI to remove
fake accounts that are responsible for
much of the false news misinformation
and bad ads that people can see on
Facebook in the run-up to the 2017
French presidential election our systems
found and took down more than 30,000
fake accounts and in the Alabama special
election in the u.s. we were able to
proactively detect and remove fake
accounts from Macedonia that were trying
to spread misinformation
now it's worth adding that a lot of fake
news is is economically motivated not
politically motivated but it's much like
like email spam in that way the playbook
for fighting this is removing the ways
in which spammers can make money so then
they just go and do something else so to
do this we've banned sites that
regularly run fake news from using our
ads products so they can't make money
from it we built our systems to penalize
clickbait and sensationalism and we also
reduce the distribution of stories and
news feed that have been rated as false
by third party fact checkers
finally we're making advertising on
Facebook much more transparent so we
built a new tool that lets you see all
of the ads that any page is running so
now you can see all of the different
messages that an advertiser or a
political actor are sending to all the
different audiences that they're trying
to reach we're now testing this in
Canada and Ireland and we're going to
launch it globally this summer increased
transparency is going to lead to
increased accountability and
responsibility for all advertisers on
our systems over time now security is
not a problem that you can ever fully
solve we face sophisticated well-funded
adversaries who are constantly evolving
but we're committed to continuing to
invest heavily and improving our
techniques to make sure that we stay
ahead we're going to keep building tools
to help more people make their voices
heard in the democratic process as well
in addition to working on election
integrity Facebook plays a positive role
in elections around the world by helping
leaders like all of you connect directly
with voters and/or get-out-the-vote
efforts have helped millions of people
register around the world who may have
not gone to the polls otherwise I'm
determined to keep building tools that
bring people together and meaningful new
ways while we work to address our safety
and security challenges as well we're
very committed to Europe almost 400
million people in Europe rely on our
services to connect and communicate with
their friends and the communities that
matter most of them Dublin is home to
our European headquarters London is home
to our biggest engineering team outside
of the United States
Paris is home to a big part of our
artificial intelligence research and we
have data centers in Sweden and Ireland
and we're building a new one in Denmark
that will come online in 2020 by the end
of 2018 Facebook will employ 10
people across 12 European cities up from
7,000 today and we will continue to
invest in Europe in the years ahead
including we've committed to providing 1
million people in small businesses with
digital skills training by 2020 now my
priority has always been our social
mission of connecting people helping
people build communities and working to
bring the world closer together and I
believe deeply in what we're doing and
when we address these challenges I know
that we're gonna look back and view
helping people connect and giving more
people a voice as a positive force both
here in Europe and around the world so
thank you for inviting me to the
European Parliament today and I'm ready
to take your questions which I'm looking
forward to hearing and I'll answer
together at the end thank you the first
speaker is manfred weber share of the
european people party here the flow mr.
Zuckerberg welcomed the European
Parliament and I want to thank all of
our president Ayane for organizing this
meeting cue apologize is a good thing
and it is absolutely needed consumers in
Europe are very disappointed concerned
about what happened and that's why it's
great that you are here your present
your showing respect to what the U
consumers there is a good positive
signal but you know that this is not
enough and you said this in your
presentation now it's about acting the
implementation of startx rules which
we'll get into for this week is an
important step it's good that you are
implementing now the rules we are
setting and it's also good to hear for
us as European lawmakers that they are
using the European data protection rules
for global standards so that's good to
know
and it's good to see in this regard of
this acting aspect I have two very
concrete questions first of all the
first question is about when you
recognized the scandal about can breach
analytics you decided to stop the access
of some of your business partners to the
database of facebook.com/ if you set
this in your presentation order today I
want to ask you
why didn't you do it for all the
business partners so my concrete
question is my first concrete question
is is Cambridge analytical an isolated
case or would you say it's the top of
the iceberg so the concrete question is
can you guarantee the do the Europeans
that another scandal will not have men
three six or nine months time a second
point in regard to this question of
acting is and they I want to make a
follow-up of the questions in Washington
our colleagues did already a great job
there Senator Kamala Harris asked
whether you personally made the decision
in December two thousand twenty five
fifteen when you became aware about the
Cambridge analytical data breach to not
notify your users because there is I
think an extremely important point
transparency that the people know what
is happening with the data is crucial
for us as Europeans so we are you
informed and why no information to the
users there are the two questions I want
to put on the table on the scandal it's
now I think our Libra colleagues will do
a follow-up on this that's why I want to
also come to a more general reflection
on on the on the on Facebook and what it
means for our societies your company has
already today a tremendous power you
know this for example the question who
is number one on the messages and who is
number ten who is number one hundred
there you have an algorithm behind and
this rules are incomprehensible for the
moment nobody knows about them we should
I think discuss about the loss that
obliged you to make this algorithms
public in the future because when you
have so much power about who is visible
in the social media and who is not
visible that cannot be longer anymore a
decision of a company that is I think a
decision for our societies I think that
is necessary and I'm I'm interested in
your arguments why we shouldn't do so
and in addition I want to underline that
between Europe and America we have
different understanding about what is
allowed to publish and what is not
allowed to publish
in Europe for example the question of
videos and texts on radicalization by
Islamists or the glorification of Nazi
propaganda is unacceptable for us in
Europe in America a lot of people would
say that is covered by freedom of
expression so I see a lot of Member
States for the moment asking Facebook to
voluntarily ban these messages I think
that is very submissive we should not
ask the company to do so to delete it I
think we should clearly regulate clear
rules what is allowed in social networks
in Europe and what not and finally
during your testimony before the
Congress Senator Lindsey Graham asked
you repeatedly the name of only one of
your competitors only one without
success probably you can give us today
for the European market a competitor
probably there is one in Europe if there
is nobody in America is there today in
Europe an alternative to Facebook for
the services you are offering whatsapp
and Instagram are already part of your
empire would you consider your company
as a monopoly and I have to say is a
tech as a politician I believe in
markets and rules but I also want to
stop all kinds of possible monopolies
and
collect use and sell any data to third
parties without proper consent
especially if people want to come off
Facebook how quickly and under what
conditions will the data be fully
removed we would like to know how can
you explain that the amount of false
account is in the rise in 2017 Facebook
reported the two to three percent of all
accounts were false accounts in 2018
this is now three to four percent what
is Facebook doing to tackle the spread
of especially sophisticated fake
accounts which allow for abuse of all
thoughts especially when it comes to
political manipulation and can you
perhaps give us the number of fake
accounts that you have been deleted so
far this year I'm personally interested
in the question of the forthcoming
European elections you mentioned
experiences in France and in Germany
which came into existence under the
pressure of the respective governments
how can you and will you guarantee that
no manipulation from foreign and hostile
interference sites of the democratic
process of your platform ahead of the
forthcoming vote can happen are you
ready to guarantee that for the whole
European Union and in which way will you
adapt your business model that that can
be prohibited from the very instance I
firmly believe that we are at the
crossroads and in a critical situation
because your business practices touched
upon two basic values of our societies
first of all
the personal data which became perhaps
the most important asset in modern media
society and secondly on the right of
self-government of sovereign nations
this is what it is about and we are
looking for your answers and now mr.
Kemal co-chair of the European
conservative it'll put you on the floor
Thank You mr. Zuckerberg thank you very
much for coming to the European
Parliament today and pro green to send
your legal and technical expert to the
civil liberties committee and can I
thank also thank those here in the
parliament who have made this meeting
possible now please rest assured I'm not
here to try and score some any cheap
vertical points or to have to do any
stunts here but I want to concentrate
what is it important for the many people
who have contacted me when they knew I
would be here in the room today look I'm
a libertarian minded conservative and I
believe in market-led solutions and that
bureaucracy shouldn't starve innovation
I'm also very tech oriented I'm I quite
often joke that I I used to be a geek
I'm not a follower of geeks but where
but where business takes advantage of
their users or consumers then they come
to us as politicians and they expect us
to do something at least say something
but also do something and what happened
with the Cambridge analytical case has
quite raised quite rightly raised
serious concerns now many of us do
social media indeed i crowdsource some
of the questions today they are using
social media before us before I came
here but what's really interesting has
been the public outcry over so-called
shadow profiles where Facebook collects
and stores data about Internet users
that don't have or use Facebook now I
understand that Facebook admits that you
that you collect this data and then
store it for about ten days but given
that this data is collected continuously
and that most people use Internet almost
every day then in effect this becomes a
continuous cycle now I believe in self
responsibility and I know that I have my
own Facebook account I have to take some
responsibility for what I put on my own
Facebook account but what happens if I
don't have a Facebook account is the
only way of preventing a Facebook effect
in my data to avoid the internet or
or cannot is it is there another way how
do how can one users stop Facebook
collecting their data and what do you do
then on Facebook's data do you
commercialize it and given you do that
is it morally acceptable do you think in
your opinion to collect non you non
facebook users data without them know
what you do with it and are they able if
I'm a non Facebook user am i able to see
the data that you've collected on me and
if not why not
thank you I have brought your answers
now given also the chair of the group of
the aliens of the libras and immigrants
in Europe you have the floor Thank You
president first of all my apologies I
came in in the middle of your
explanation but I was saved by Facebook
life so I followed you on Facebook life
and that was my rescue today because of
strikes in Paris so I have to tell you
mr. Zuckerberg you remember me in fact a
protagonist of a book maybe you know
that book and the name of the
protagonist mr. Halden : is the
protagonist in a book of Dave Eggers as
you know the circle and in that book
it's about a big data company a big data
company who is out of control not even
the owner has control on it and that
data is used in in elections and it
seems me
very new to the reality also the fact
that maybe you have less control or no
control about your own company for the
moment because you have to apologize now
I think in total you apologize now 15 or
16 times the last decade in 2003 you've
started every year you have one or other
wrongdoing or problem with Facebook and
and you have to face the reality and to
say sorry and to say that you're gonna
fix it last year I think it was twice
that you apologize and this year you
three times already and you are still in
the month of May so it's a little bit
early in the year
so what my point is about that is are
you capable to fix it and if
you have already confronted so many
dysfunctions of the system there has to
be clearly a problem and the only way in
my opinion to do it and I'm a liberal a
free-market here is to have Public
Regulation to do so it's a little bit
like with the banks in the 2004 6 2007
2008 they said also now we got to do
self regulation
don't bother no no we're gonna do it
ourselves the reality is that they
didn't do em themselves and it was
needed to have tough regulation I have
here an office petition were 1 million
more than 1 million citizens in Europe
ask you to do that that you accept
regulation and not to continue with the
the idea are we gonna self-regulate and
I come them to my concrete questions the
first is about the GDP our and European
privacy standards you have stool that
you're gonna apply them but are you
telling the truth in fact to us are you
telling the truth because since the
outbreak of Cambridge analytical you
have massively transfer European data of
non European citizens out from Europe
away from the European service to
service otherwise in Europe I have to
tell you that's against the regulation
against GDP our and against existing
directive in Europe 95 446 who is still
applicable and the same that was mr.
Kemal is saying is happening in fact
with European non Facebook users who are
in fact collected by you and that's also
against illegal in Europe against the
regulation the second term the point is
article 82 of the GDP are you know you
have to know article 82 gives the
possibility of compensation if there is
a problem if Facebook users were abused
may I ask you have you an idea will you
compensate the European Facebook users
as force in an article 82 of GDP our
concrete question and what will be the
amount that you will give them maybe the
the value that they have
with our profile my value have examined
it my value as Facebook user is $186 I
thought it was more but maybe my wife
thing is less and it could be left my so
my opponents thing it's less but many
good basis what their value is as
profile could be the compensation that
you give to these people based on a
regulation and my third point is about
em is the baby said it already and I
think is right you cannot convince him
because it's nonsense naturally you have
to given the example of Twitter you have
given the example I think also of Google
as some of your competitors but it's
like somebody who has a monopoly in
making cars is saying look I haven't
want to paly making cars but there is no
problem you can take a plane you can
take a train you can even take your bike
so I have no monopoly so there is a
problem there am i I have two specific
questions there could you or would you
cooperate with the European antitrust
authorities to examine it and to open
your books so that we can see if yes or
no there is a monopole and secondly if
you have to split off for example
Facebook Messenger to give you an
example and what's up and to keep them
Instagram it should that be a good deal
for you that you could the exam so
finally as my last point is a on a more
personal note I really think we have a
big problem here and it's not solved by
saying we're gonna fix it ourselves and
you have to ask yourself well how you
will be remembered as one of the three
big Internet giants together with Steve
Jobs I should say and Bill Gates who
have enriched or world and all societies
or at the other hand in fact the genius
will create a digital monster that is
destroying all democracies and of
society solomon that's a question that
you have to put yourself for yourself ok
thank you and now mister
let's go share of the group of the
greens yeah the flow yes mr. Zuckerberg
welcome I'll be straight I have six
binary questions I gave copy to mr.
Kaplan first of them will Facebook
commit to systematically and publicly
release data on all politically relevant
advertising in all electoral campaigns
or referendum campaign such as brexit or
the campaign we have now in Ireland on
abortion including the amounts their
sources and their targets yes oh no well
Facebook developed a mode of operation
that allows Facebook users to completely
opt-out of targeted advertising yes for
now referring to the figures that
doberman quoted on fake accounts will
Facebook commit to one eradicate all
remaining fake accounts by the end of
the quarter and be systematically
prevent the creation of new ones moving
forward fourth question does Facebook
provide media or curated content or on
the country is Facebook a neutral
platform here you have to choose one of
the two options fifth question will
Facebook voluntarily commit s from 2018
to publish the list of its legal
entities the number of people they
employ they turn over their profits or
losses and the taxes they pay or
subsidies they receive on a
country-by-country basis and finally
we'll fill Facebook commits to pay taxes
where it operates and generalize the
commitment you apparently recently made
to the French authorities no longer to
channel the profits made in that country
through Island or other tax havens these
are my six binary questions I would
welcome simple answers to them can I ask
it repeat the second question I must add
the second one is will Facebook develop
a mode of operation that allows
end-users to completely opt-out of
targeted
advertising and what would be the
condition for them but but will you
develop that option as a user I might be
interested the next speaker is mrs.
Zimmer share the confederal group of the
European United Left Nordic Green left
you have the floor thank you very much
but I would like to speak in German
meeting now but I wonder why originally
it was possible to have an open public
meeting why we can have the
participation of more members more
members of the different committee so
that we should have had a proper
discussion I wonder why you refused that
option I think you have spoken about
transparency for example about bringing
communities together is that being the
basis of your platform so I think that
kind of approach would have been
important for us talked about
communication platforms about having a
social mission before the platform that
it should make the world an open place
and now 14 years later I can follow on
what a lot of my colleagues have said
that these platforms have changed
there's a lot more fake news based
information the communities have gotten
smaller a very narrow view of the world
people in their own little groups if we
look at the situation in Germany in
Europe that's probably something that
can still be compensated through public
debate but when we have these
misinformation campaigns these fake news
that come through Facebook for people in
other parts of the world this can
the deadly we have seen these types of
cases on Facebook that have led to the
deaths of people so I have really very
serious concern as to whether the
Facebook business model can really be
significantly changed and brought back
to its original mission as a
communications platform for example we
have to think about what it's become is
it still something which is manageable
controllable can you really give us a
serious answer to this question on the
25th of May we will have the general
data protection regulation which will
enter into force we've had a lot of
motion that facebook supports this but
is this the case have you really taken
1/2 billion people outside of the
effective reach of regulation people
from other parts of the world who were
previously covers that now it won't not
be covered so is it is that true that
figure that this regulation will no
longer apply to these people when you
said that the regulation will be
implemented in spirit what does that
mean exactly
over the last few years there have been
a large number of meetings with
high-ranking faceless officials within
the EU with different commissioners for
example different members of the you I
think suka
ninety-two differently things altogether
millions has been spent on lobbying work
here in the EU as well to try and
postpone the data protection regulation
is this really in the interests of
Facebook I think we have to think about
the relationship between power and
society here and then just one very last
question that might not seem important
to many but it is important to me sound
it as a hassel not platform for students
to students and their attractiveness
this is a very long time ago of course
but I would like to know that how was
Facebook's philosophy changed in the
meantime
listening at discrimination against
women sexism violence against women
etcetera thank you very much Zima sort
of it's one for me and it's clarify
things for you look at been excite
invited to take part in a conference at
president's meeting he's never refused
to take part in any meeting the
invitation to attend I simply asked him
whether he would allow the meeting to be
web streamed and he said yes but I just
thought it's important to set the record
straight and I get 40 Faraj chair of the
European Freedom Europe of freedom and
direct democracy group okay I'll start
again all right mr. Zuckerberg I'm the
largest user of Facebook at all the EU
institutions in terms of followers in
terms of engagement so I'm your best
client here in the room I've no idea of
the value of that but I'm pleased to see
you as I hope you are me the one slight
problem I have
I'm watching very carefully but
testimony that you gave on Capitol Hill
sigh but again people asked you you know
is this genuinely a neutral political
platform and you come up with the same
line again and again it's well-crafted
you say that Facebook is a platform for
all ideas now historically of course
it's true that through Facebook and
other forms of social media there is no
way that brexit or Trump or the Italian
elections could ever possibly have
happened it was social media that allow
people to get round the back of
mainstream media now perhaps you're
horrified by this creation of yours on
what it's led to I don't know but what
is absolutely true is that since January
of this year you change your modus
operandi you've changed your algorithms
and it has led directly to a very
substantial drop in views and
engagements for those that have got
right-of-center
political opinions the facts are very
clear just look at President Trump's
numbers on a much smaller scale look at
mine look at thousands of other
conservative commentators and on average
we're down about 25% over the course of
this year and you know that's happening
on a platform for all ideas I am NOT
talking here mr. Zuckerberg about
extremism I'm not talking about
encouraging violence I'm not talking
about hatred of anybody I'm talking
about people who have majority
mainstream opinions and frankly I feel
they are being willfully discriminated
against what interests me is who decides
what is acceptable who are these people
you referred to earlier these third
party party fact checkers who are these
people I mean why is there no
transparency in this process at all I'm
not generally somebody that calls for
legislation on the international stage
but I'm beginning to wonder whether we
need a social media bill of rights to
basically protect free speech I'm asking
you today very very clearly that would
you accept the
today Facebook is not a platform for all
ideas that is operated in partially
Thank You mr. fragile now mr. Nikola we
don't have a lot of time please now the
freedom of the world is very fashionable
to come a new excuse for further
restricting freedom of opinion and
expression
thank you for speakers these need to
respect the timing the first is missus
dots not a touch of the members Thank
You mr. president and thank you mr.
Zuckerberg for appearing here today I am
a member of this parliament from
Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom
and while many of my colleagues here
today have focused on elections and the
issues of Facebook and public policy I
want to take you in a slightly different
direction in my question today in a few
weeks time a family within my
constituency will mark the third
anniversary of the loss of their son to
online bullying
his name was Ronan and he was 17 years
old when he died
he was the victim of a false Facebook
account from online bullies who
persuaded him to send an intimate
photograph of himself and then asked for
three thousand pines in return for not
posting this on his Facebook account
Romans family have been incredibly brave
in publicizing this case and in dealing
with this situation but this is only one
example of the rise of false accounts
within Facebook and I would like you to
tell us today what you're doing to stop
the rise of false Facebook accounts
which deliberately target young and
vulnerable people Noland clearly felt he
had nowhere to go can you explain to us
then as well I'm in light of this
phenomenon which is a terrible thing
right across Europe can you explain to
us what you're doing to work with third
party organizations to try and educate
people in safety in using the Internet
and would you tell us whether or not
you're content that other families
represented around this room here today
we'll have the children kept safe by the
settings and default settings that you
use on on your particular site and I
just very quickly also say we live in a
Europe in the rise of anti-semitism in
the rise of terrorism much of it
conducted and much of the information
conducted online in the last few weeks
you've said that you've taken down a lot
of that hateful and offensive comment
from your site can you tell us how you
define acceptable comment out on the
site what are the benchmarks you use and
whether or not Facebook actually is
capable of regulating this for itself
thank you
now mrs. Cecilia weeks on share the
conference that committee chair you have
the phone thank you very much mr.
president and thank you also for
organizing and sharing this meeting with
us tonight
thanks to you mr. Sukhram for having
agreed to appear and to answer to our
questions we appreciate that a lot
it is it has been already stated many
times but it must be underlined again
that it is seneschal that EU citizen can
trust that their integrity and their
rights on the Internet are being
protected especially since the EU new
rules on data protection are entering
into force in only three days
as from now I'd like to raise two
questions to you mr. Zuckerberg firstly
the scandal involving Facebook and
Cambridge analytic ah is more than
anything else an issue of ethics and
values you said in your intervention in
the hearing with the US Congress you
repeated it here tonight that Facebook
is responsible for the content on the
platform once Facebook requests other
companies to delete users data does
Facebook follow up to check compliance
by these companies and how will you
ensure that this is really done and
secondly I am convinced that GU citizens
would like to know which specific
measures with that will be taken by
Facebook to ensure that a scandal like
this one Cambridge on elliptical will
not occur again you have shared your
vision in spirit on on greater
responsibility on what happens on the
platform but mr. Zhu can but can you
guarantee to the millions of users many
of them EU citizens that company will
take all the necessary steps to ensure
that civil rights and liberties
according to EU standards and and that
Facebook fully will comply to the gdpr
and when this will happen it would be
good to have a date when full compliance
is is ensured
thank you and now mr. Amash chair did he
become ETA of the floor
thank you very much president thank you
mr. Zuckerberg for being here and we
hope that our committee will examine
further with Facebook executives and so
on in depth and this is for people are
watching this web stream and want a more
in-depth investigation they mr. Faraj
slightly characteristically talked about
I prolific he was on Facebook I may be
the most modest user of Facebook in the
room but our committee is not modest in
any way we are celebrating this week
gdpr but I do want to mention that GDP
are in my view and we have the reporter
here is not something that will impact
entirely on your business model and I
think you know this a privacy is
essential also and there's a reason I
mentioned privacy is because there is a
regulatory framework here and I want to
mention something very obvious you're
not in the congressional hearing you've
come to the European Union and there's a
big difference and the difference
mentioned by some of my colleagues I
want to make very explicit and that is
that we are here in terms of regulation
and the United States is here and this
gap is very obvious it's obvious that
our adequacy agreements is obvious in
the day-to-day transactions we have
between the continents but for you it is
a real detailed question of how you will
comply now I know that you will say of
course we're going to comply with gdpr
but there's a much bigger task that I
think people are estimating and no doubt
the reporter will say something about
that in a moment
now in your introduction you spoke I
think quite eloquently about what you
thought was one of the key points which
was the app question and I think you
mentioned it because it is really the
critical point what I wanted to ask and
colleagues are talking about
crowdsourcing questions the question
I've been asked by individuals
journalists and others is whether the
question of protection of privacy and
the rules on facebook apps which you are
asked in Congress is actually the tip of
the iceberg or is there a bigger iceberg
now you're addressing this because it's
important
so I really do need to repeat this
because specifically given that Facebook
was forced to review the apps authorized
on the platform out I'll be quick
president promised this is the problem
about going last of course following
this the Cambridge analytical scandal
and now that you've I think you've
blocked around 200 of these apps since
the congressional hearings you come here
have been blocked 200 of them I mean
isn't this first of all a clear signal
that Facebook failed to protect the
privacy of his users we have 252 million
I think in the European Union that's
more than in the United States and it
gives us the question of that you should
really provide us with the detailed
measures and you have of some of these
that Facebook will implement to ensure a
thorough analysis of apps that are
allowed on Facebook and really why did
you not inform users of these problems
to enable them to take measures to
protect their data the president if you
just allow me the bottom line for you I
think and for Facebook is we need to
know in Europe the true scale of the
violations of users data by third-party
apps we need to get an estimate of this
and we need to know what it means to
commit to GDP our if I just give you one
example the GD P R gives individuals a
right to access and verify all the data
a company holds on them and that
includes not just their profiles
mentioned by another colleague but also
the marketing profiles data that was not
disclosed by the user but interpreted
from his or her behavior are you really
going to give users full access to their
marketing profiles are you going to do
or complete all of the steps in GDP are
nevermind new privacy and really want to
just to say in conclusion here the
question of the difference between GDP R
and what is in the United States the gap
must be closed but for you given that
you are here and I tried to be brief
because we will go in more depth is it's
not just that you have to comply with
GPR and GDP are but you have to remember
that you're here in the European Union
where we create a GDP R so we ask you to
make a legal and moral commitment if you
can to uphold EU data protection law to
think about a privacy
to protect the privacy of European users
and the many millions of European
citizens and non Facebook users as well
and this is a moral and legal obligation
and implementation and I really ask you
to think about this because you've come
here not to Congress but to the European
Union and we have expectations thank you
last question mr. Albert for the general
data protection regulation we are the
for me thank you very much mr. president
and thank you mr. Zuckerberg for being
with us here tonight and I'll keep it as
short as possible to us for all the
questions to be answered because I
really think there have been many very
important questions to be answered so
three precise questions first I welcome
a lot that Facebook is applying the
principles of the GD P R in future
globally in its global business I I
think that is a very important step
ahead I hope that it is complying with
the GDP our globally because I could
pose the question if you as a US
consumer should not get equal treatment
to EU users I think many US colleagues
or users will post the same question
soon the first real question will you
with Friday the GDP are kicking in
assured that no Facebook user of future
Facebook user has to give consent for
the processing of personal data more
than what is necessary to use the
service because today we have very often
the problem that there is to take a
delivered situation and with the GPR
that is not really what we want to see
anymore you need to give consent for
everything what is not necessary to use
the service second and the US Senate you
responded to this question we collect
some data for security purposes so to
one of the question we collect some data
for security purposes and we keep it can
you promise that this data which you
keep for security
is not used for other services for other
purposes like targeted advertisement and
last but not least repeatedly European
courts have demanded the separation of
users data between Facebook and whatsapp
after your company has acquired what's
up will you promise to me and also the
European what's up and Facebook users
that from Friday onwards there won't be
any exchange across use of users
personal data between the two services
thank you very much thank you very much
I think it's important for us to be at
the center of the political debate for
another time the European Parliament is
they are - the democracy in Europe I
think this political debate is very very
important of not only for the European
Parliament and also for European
citizens for this I want to thank you
for the question and now the floor is
your mr. lucrative all right president
eonni and and honourable members you've
raised a lot of important questions and
I'm going to try to use the remainder of
our time to get through as many of them
as I possibly can
a number of you asked questions around
inappropriate content on Facebook in one
form or another whether that's hate
speech or bullying or terrorism or
different content and how that relates
to this or fake accounts and how this
relates to this position on philosophy
of needing to take a broader
responsibility first let me be clear the
the bottom line here is that hate speech
bullying terror violence all this
content has no place on our on our
services but in order to really execute
that we need to upgrade and do a better
job of executing our policies so if you
look back at the history of how we've
operated I mean when I got started in my
dorm room in college because it was just
me and because we didn't have the AI
tools at the time to be able to go look
through a lot of the content and
understand what was in violation of our
community standards and what wasn't our
policy for most of the history of the
company had
has been to have our community flag
things for us and then us to look at
them reactively so if someone sees
something that that they thought might
be hate speech or bullying they would
flag that and then we would look at that
and we've built up teams to manage that
but now we think that our responsibility
is greater and and now sitting here in
2018 we have the ability to start
developing more AI tools which I'll get
to in a moment some more detail to be
able to flag more of the content upfront
and now is a is a big company we also
have the ability to employ tens of
thousands of people to go review more of
this content so if you look for example
at terror content one of the things that
I'm proud of is that our AI systems have
now can flag 99% of the Isis and
al-qaida related content that we end up
taking down before any person in our
community flags that for us
another example is around bullying Nam
we had this really unfortunate set of
incidents when we first launched
Facebook live where we saw that people
were harming themselves or or committing
suicide on live and we realized that we
needed to do a much better job of
addressing that quickly so we built AI
tools and tools to determine if someone
was thinking about harm or suicide hired
3,000 people to make its that the
response time that we could get to those
live videos is now less than 10 minutes
and that has been one area where we've
been able to significantly improve but
we're basically going through each of
these areas starting from the areas that
are the most sensitive and have the have
the highest risk of harm terror bullying
self-harm election integrity which is
obviously extremely important our
prioritizing them first our goal over
the coming years is going to get to
developing the AI systems and hiring the
staff necessary to be able to
proactively review more of the content
as it's coming into into the system will
never be perfect on this you know our
adversaries especially on the election
side
people are trying to interfere we'll
have access to some of the same AI tools
that we will so it's an arms race and
we'll need to constantly be working to
stay ahead but our vision for how we
should manage the system is going to
move from one of reactive management as
people in our community flag things to
one where we're more proactively having
systems look at the content flag things
for tens of thousands of people to
review and we're already making
significant progress in doing that now a
number of you mentioned specifically
issues around fake news so I want to
talk a little bit about our roadmap for
for addressing this because the bottom
line here is that nobody on Facebook or
off facebook wants fake news all right
no one will sit here and say that they
that they that they want the information
that they see to be false so you know
we've broken down the problem and do we
think that there are three main sources
of content that are problematic here the
first is is just spam which I touch down
a little bit in my opening statement and
this is it's often it's not politically
motivated or ideologically motivated
it's economically motivated it's people
who are just trying to make money by
coming up with the most sensational list
content they can and putting it out
there so the way you fight this is the
same roadmap that companies have use to
fight email spam you can take away these
spammers profit motive and then they go
do something else and we've done a
number of things like preventing them
from using Facebook Ads decreasing the
distribution to do this the second
category is fighting fake accounts
because what we found is that when
people are using fake accounts on our
system there's less accountability and
they're more likely to spread bad
information misinformation interact in
ways that are interfering in elections
and things like that so we develop
systems both to identify fake accounts
as they're being registered and we just
released a transparency report where we
said that we took down I think was in
the first quarter of this year
about 580 million fake accounts the vast
majority within minutes of being
registered as our systems are able to
identify that well we also have a
significant operation which is
working on identifying fake accounts
that get through that initial filter so
we can identify them all once they're in
the Facebook community our best estimate
today I think is is that it's a
single-digit percent of the accounts but
we're constantly working on improving
our tools to be able to identify that
and that's extremely important as well
so if spammers you have fake accounts
the last category is people who are
well-meaning but just happen to share
something that is provably false and
they're you know we don't want to be in
a position as Facebook of saying what is
true or false
leaving that that's not the right
position for us to be in so we want to
work with third party fact checkers and
we're public with with who all the fact
checkers are - one of the questions that
that there was earlier and if a number
of third party fact checkers all
identify that a piece of news is
provably false then we'll append
something to the story to make sure that
we show more related content some people
can have a more rounded view or
understand that fact checkers have
marked that story is true and we'll try
to show it less now we're trying to roll
that out around the world that requires
having specific fact-checking partners
in every country and in every language
so we're constantly rolling out more
each month and we have a lot more to do
here and we're we know that there's a
lot more to do there all right then
there were a number of questions around
elections so I know that there are a lot
of important elections coming up in
Europe you know I think in 2019 and 2018
there are elections in Slovenia and
sweden latvia estonia Belgium Poland and
of course the European Parliament and
this is one of our top priorities as a
company is just making sure that we that
we do that we prevent anyone from trying
to interfere in elections like the
Russians were able to in the US
presidential election in 2016 and I
outlined some of the roadmap for that
earlier the game plan is a combination
of building more AI tools to identify
fake accounts that are trying to
interfere and take them down
like we did in the French presidential
election where we identified and took
down more than 30,000 accounts a
playbook of closer operation and
cooperation with Federal Election
Commission's like we executed in the
German elections in 2017 and increased
transparency which we think is is going
to be very important you know if you
have the ads that every political actor
or advertiser is trying to run to every
audience be public then there's just
more accountability and if someone is is
is trying to do that as a fake account
it becomes more apparent if someone as a
as a legitimate political cop political
actor is just sending different messages
to different groups that will be
transparent so we think that that
greater accountability is important and
that set of transparency tools that
we're building we're going to be rolling
out around the world globally this
summer so we're optimistic about that we
think that there's probably more to do
to add on to those after the first
version but we think that that first
version is going to take us quite far as
well I think ok so then there were a
number of questions about regulation you
know there you know some of the
questions asked how I view regulation I
don't think the question here is whether
or not there should be regulation I
think the question is what is the right
regulation I think the Internet is
becoming increasingly important in
people's lives
some sort of regulation is important and
inevitable and the the important thing
is to get this right right and to make
sure that we we have regulatory
frameworks that help protect people that
are flexible so that they allow for
innovation that don't inadvertently
prevent new technologies like AI from
being able to develop and of course to
make sure that that new startups right
so the next students sitting in a
college dorm room like I was 14 years
ago doesn't have an undue burden on
being able to to build the next great
the next great products so we know
that's really important and that's an
ongoing conversation that we look
forward to
to participating in there were a couple
of questions around competition and and
and how we view our role and and in our
position as a platform here and you know
to that I'd say it's a few things one is
first is that we exist in a very
competitive space where people use a lot
of different tools for communication
where the average person uses about
eight different tools for communication
ranging from all sorts of private
messaging up to more broadcast mediums
to things where they're communicating
with groups of people and and all their
friends at once so from where I sit it
feels like there are new competitors
coming up every day there are
competitors that reach tens and hundreds
of millions of people and we're
constantly needing to evolve our service
in order to stay relevant and serve
people well so that feels like it's a
competitive environment where there are
many choices that people have on the
business side the business model is
advertising Facebook today is about six
percent of the global advertising market
so clearly advertisers also have a lot
of choice in terms of where they choose
to to advertise and and that's an
important lens to look at it from as
well although I think that you want to
look at it both from the consumer choice
perspective and that the business choice
one thing that I want to add that I
think often gets overlooked when you
talk about competition is you know
around the world there are 70 million
small businesses that use Facebook's
tools to grow and reach customers and in
Europe alone there are about 18 million
small businesses that use Facebook tools
and and as I said my opening statement
about half of them have told us that
they're hiring more people because of
their use of our tools to be able to
grow so I think it's important not to
lose track of when you're thinking about
competition that there's the element in
the internet space and then the
advertising space but there's also the
extremely Pro competitive effect of
enabling all these small businesses to
now have access to the same kinds of
marketing and advertising tools and be
able to reach customers in sophisticated
technological
ways that previously only large
businesses have the means to do and
that's something that we're very proud
of that we can that we can provide as
something that levels the playing field
and I think when you're thinking about
the the overall ecosystem and
competition there I think that that's a
very important part to take into account
there were a number of questions about
taxes so I won't touch on that briefly
as well Facebook has has always paid
taxes in all of the countries where we
have operations set up we pay all taxes
required by law and we invest heavily in
Europe all right we're gonna have more
than 10,000 employees across Europe and
12 cities by the end of this year we
have two data centers or we have data
centers already in Sweden and Ireland
and we're building another one in
Denmark that's going to be online in
2020 so we we've always paid the taxes
that the law requires and we're making
significant investments in in in terms
of helping to build the the economies
and in the countries here and to to
contribute to the the innovation and and
job birth here as well all right let me
see what else is there okay there were a
few questions about GDP are the the
principles here are around control
transparency and accountability
you know the idea you know a number of
you asked it when we expect to be fully
compliant with GDP our regulations we do
expect to be fully compliant on May 25th
so in three days from now we've had a
large team working on this inside
Facebook to make sure that we're
compliant and you know one of the things
that that we've wanted to make sure in
rolling this out is because one of the
things that the law requires here in
Europe is that someone has to go through
these extensive flows before they can
use the service starting on May 25th and
one of the pieces of feedback that we
got from people in the community was
that didn't want to get road blocked
before seeing before being able to go
see their friends content right if
you're coming to face because you want
to share something you know the last
thing that we want is for someone to to
go through the
is quicker than they need to and and
just you know click okay or no on a
bunch of stuff because they they just
want to blow through that in order to
get to what they were trying to do so
we've actually been rolling out the GDP
our settings and flows for a while now
and a a large percent of Europeans have
already gone through them and we've get
we've basically put the flows in front
of people and given them the opportunity
to dismiss them starting on May 25th we
will start requiring people to go
through the flows before they can resume
using our services so a number a large
percent of people dozens of percents
have gone through the flows already and
we've gotten we've gotten good feedback
on on that and and and how we've
implemented that so far let me see if
there's anything else that that is
important to touch on there are there
were a couple of questions about about
political bias that I want to touch on
because I think this is a very important
topic as as a couple of you mentioned we
are committed to being a platform for
all ideas that means that we want to
make it so that that people can come to
to our service and and share any idea
across the political spectrum it's very
important to me that we're a service
that allows for a wide variety of
political discourse we view that as a a
big part of our responsibility and I can
commit to you here today that we will
that we we have never and will not make
decisions about what content is allowed
or how we do ranking on the basis of a
political orientation so that that's
that's an important philosophical point
for me that that I'm that I'm proud to
be able to commit to there's a specific
point around around distribution and
reduction of seeing people's content and
on that would I just say is we've made a
number of changes this year to make sure
that we're showing people's friends and
family and community content more than
public content in general
so a lot of the feedback that we've
heard from people is that they come to
Facebook because they want to stay
connected to people we've also done a
lot of well-being research this wasn't a
topic that came up today but we're very
focused on making sure that people's use
of technology is good for for people's
well-being and and is not taking away
from it in some way and all the research
that we have shows that when you're
using the Internet to stay connected to
people that you care about that's good
for your well-being it's correlated with
measures like increased measures of
health and happiness and feeling more
connected and less alone over time but
when you're just using Facebook or the
Internet overall to read news or
passively consume videos that isn't
correlated with those same benefits to
well-being so because of that and
because of feedback that we've received
we've made a number of shifts to the to
the services to promote connecting with
people's friends and family and
communities more than public content so
that has led to reductions in
distribution for public content video
news across the board and is not
targeting any specific political
ideology is there anything else Kevin
through both the shadow profiles
I capture so silly it's your to your
question the forum for the content that
that website synapse sent us we think
it's very important that people have the
ability to clear this so we just
launched or just announced that we're
we're building and will soon launch this
clear history feature that allows you to
clear all basic browsing history data to
your point about earlier around you know
how do we separate out the security data
you know it's it's very important that
we don't have people who aren't Facebook
users not coming to our service and
trying to scrape the public data that's
available so one of the ways that we do
that is you know people use our service
and and even if they're not signed in we
need to understand how they're using the
service to prevent bad activity and
that's you know a big theme of today has
been around making sure that we can do a
better job of governing the system
keeping bad content out one of the ways
that we do that is by is by
understanding how people are using are
using the system but if you're not a
Facebook user how do you stop that day
to be transferred on a security side we
think it's important to keep it to
protect people in our community were
there any other themes that we want to
get through I mean there's what some how
you make sure they came right that's
good so there were a number of questions
around what whether Cambridge analytic
Oh was the tip of the iceberg or whether
we expect there to be more apps that
have misused data on this you know the
good news with Cambridge analytic is
that the changes that we made back in
2014 would prevent a new app like
Cambridge like well camera doesn't local
wasn't an app what was that there's an
app developer who who used the platform
and then sold the data to Cambridge
analytical which is is it there's a
whole other thing but it wouldn't be
possible for an app developer to get
access to that level of data since after
our 2014 platform changes went into
effect but because there were a lot of
different apps that were using the
system before 2014 and and before the
changes went into effect in 25
fifteen we think it's important now to
go back and investigate every single app
that had access to a large amount of
people's personal data before we lock
down the platform so that's what we're
in the process of doing
we've already investigated thousands of
apps and as I said earlier we've taken
down more than 200 there are many
thousands more that we need to
investigate this is going to take many
months I do anticipate that there are
going to be other apps that we find that
we're going to want to take down and
this is why we're going now and doing
this full investigation is this is part
of our shift towards not just about
trying to manage the system reactively
of having we've always had the ability
for people in our community to flag apps
that they thought were bad actors to us
and then we would look at them we've
we've had the ability to and we've we've
done audits of apps in the past we've
had a content review and app review team
but now what we're doing is taking a
much more proactive approach so rather
than waiting for people in the community
to flag for us that there may be issues
we are going through and investigating
ourselves upfront all the different apps
that had access to a large amount of
information we were upfront reviewing
every app that asked for access to
additional people's information and
anywhere where we see any concerns we're
going to bring in third-party auditors
to conduct a full audit to determine if
there was any misuse of people's
personal information and if there was we
will ban those apps and and tell
everyone who is affected I want to be
sensitive to time because we were 15
minutes over the the the scheduled
meeting I think that this was this
iroh's that there were a lot of specific
questions that that I didn't get to
specifically answer but you know going
around and hearing the themes of what
people were are concerned about and had
questions about I think I was able to to
address the high level areas in each and
I'll make sure that we follow up with
each of you afterwards to make sure that
your specific questions get addressed
and we're gonna have someone come to to
do a full hearing soon to answer more of
the technical questions as well so thank
you again for
I think there was one question raised by
a giver who said and we say that's
linked to my question and that's the
separation of different services and
that I think it's a very important
question in this round the market power
of Facebook and the question if you
cross use for example data between
Facebook and whatsapp so it would be
good if you say at least one word to
that will you allow users to escape
targeted advertising I mean I asked you
six yes and no questions I got not a
single answer and of course well you
asked for this format well for a reason
okay I'll make sure we follow up and get
your answers to those okay I think I
want to ask you if it's possible to have
right answer for any question from from
you yes in the next days oh well we have
all well-prepared for intervention so we
have them on paper we could mr.
president you collector you give them to
the team of mr. Hsu compared to mr.
Zuckerberg himself and we receive
written answers on it because let's be
honest I have not so much I don't think
that the right ways to say and now we're
gonna put it in Libra and so on now
there are a number of questions has been
put by other colleagues that I want an
institute that said I'm anxious of this
new brave new world that mr. Zuckerberg
has presented us a brave new war
what tens and tens of thousands of
private people are scrutinizing us and
are saying what is fake news what is not
fake news what is hate speech what is
not hate speech mr. don't you think the
creation of this discussion in this
format as well as in the Liebherr format
this is very obvious I think first of
all
is it possible to talk to it we've
answered my question by question to have
a right answer
bye-bye mr. duChemin in the next days
for every question okay
now a competition for example a European
antitrust thing that's important
do we nee I think we're gonna push or
antitrust ad agency to go into this is
that if there is no good answer to I
think you the problem is the timing for
me a firm is possible to say but then
there is a flight but I think if mrs.
sorry I think this is the format if do
you agree mr. chuka before for right
answer in the next day is for a question
by question is possible to travel right
answer the question yes you have the
question okay yeah okay thank you very
much
