there's no shortage of Trump bashing in
American media and unsurprisingly
Americans are pretty sick of it
some media personalities have even come
forward and stated the obvious we in the
media are essentially all Trump all the
time and the upshot is that we risk not
covering a lot of really important
things at home and around the world and
what about the wave of teachers strikes
Arizona Oklahoma West Virginia this is a
historic shake-up in the American
educational system but the American
media blanked and didn't notice I didn't
see hardly anything in the corporate
media about this on any of the network's
even some of the network's that we watch
you know Russia turned the channel and
how about poverty 13% of Americans live
below the poverty line homelessness is
on the rise having increased for the
first time since the Great Recession but
the media doesn't put much attention on
to that issue either
we see an average of seven to eight
hundred people every single day
Congress has reached an agreement on tax
legislation that will deliver more jobs
higher wages and massive tax relief
and amid all the poverty some Americans
are doing pretty well now the media
likes to focus on one particular rich
guy who happens to live in the White
House but what about the rest of the
American 1% who are shaping laws and
controlling newsrooms
how often is ABC CBS or NBC discussed
the role of the Koch brothers and other
billionaires play in creating a
political system which allows the rich
and powerful to significantly control
elections and the legislative process
and Congress sadly the answer to these
questions is almost never polls show
that Americans have a lot of real fears
these days they're worried about health
care education economic growth and jobs
however the media seems to focus their
outrage only on a man with a bad toupee
whose busy ranting on Twitter this is
how Michelle wolf the comedian put it at
the White House Correspondents Dinner I
no one in this room wants to admit is
that Trump has helped all of you he
couldn't sell steaks or vodka or water
or college or ties or Eric but he has
helped you he's helped you sell your
papers and your books and your TV media
like almost everything else in the land
of the free is a business profits keep
rolling in while Americans lose Kalib
Maupin RT New York
you
