we all know what carrot-and-stick
diplomacy is but this this goes beyond
that way beyond there will get private
capital that comes in North Korea is
desperately in need of energy support
electricity for their people we can
deliver that and as I said earlier this
week we can create conditions for real
economic prosperity for the North Korean
people that will rival that of the south
talk about extremes not so long ago
people were seriously talking about
nuclear war those with a penchant for
the dramatic really made the best of the
opportunity not make any more threats to
the United States they will be met with
fire and fury like the world has never
seen
well North Koreans must be sighing in
relief instead of fire and fury they're
now getting the carrot all they have to
do is give up nukes nice let's just hope
they have short memories so I think Iran
is on notice and they are gonna have to
make a choice are they willing to go
down the path which I think ultimately
will lead to greater prosperity and
security for Iran giving up the
acquisition of nuclear weapons or will
they continue down a path that is going
to lead to confrontation oakwood the
Iranians gave up on nukes dismantle
their program complied absolutely with
every requirement in the end it didn't
matter they gave up nukes and then
America took back the whole prosperity
thing we'll see how we do with Iran
probably we won't do very well with them
but that's okay too they've got to
understand life because I don't think
they do understand life when life gives
you lemons make lemonade so long as
Trump doesn't take the lemons -
regardless perhaps this time things will
be different
Iran was a one-off right wrong
I am pleased that the United States and
North Korea yesterday reached agreement
this agreement is good for the United
States good for our allies and good for
the safety of the entire world
in 1994 Bill Clinton made a deal with
North Korea North Korea cartels its
nuclear program and the u.s. builds two
nuclear reactors for it to compensate
energy loss gives it half a million tons
of fuel per year and normalizes
relations they never built the nuclear
reactors they never sent any fuel and
they never signed an official peace
agreement you are seeing a pattern here
right
prosperity seems to be the carrot accept
what no one seems to realize is it's for
dangling not for tasting that's just
life they've got to understand life
because I don't think they do understand
life
