knew in then a hard-line Shia cleric it
seems his own course to become the most
powerful figure in Iraqi politics
moqtada a sadist coalition appears to
have won the parliamentary election with
most votes counted not all yet but it
looks like this is the cases as it's
going to turn out he can't become Prime
Minister as he didn't run for the seat
but if the result stands he will hold
the balance of power in the next
government this across the local
journalist alta ahmed tell us more about
this this is gonna go down to one the
United States I guess is it I there the
results seem to taking everyone by
surprise can you tell us more about the
election race and this controversial
figure moqtada al-sadr there's a name of
her before well actually it but it was a
surprise for everyone
first of all thirty four point five
percent of the eligible voters in Iraq
took part in their wacky parliamentary
elections the first parliamentary
elections in Iraq since the defeat of
ISIL in the country or dodged in
December of 2017 and the fourth since
the toppling of former Iraqi dictator
Saddam Hussein
now thus that means that around ten
point eight out of the twenty four point
five million Iraqi voters took port it
took part in the general elections the
results that we have up until now as
suggests that these are coming out of 16
out of Iraq's 18 provinces now as I said
there according to the results a moqtada
Assad who is a prominent Shia cleric in
Iraq seems to be the front runner with
the Fatah or conquest block which is led
by head of the butter organization mr.
Hadi a nominee one of the key names
which came into the limelight in Iraq in
the past for so years for being one of
the top commanders of Iraq's popular
mobilization units volunteer fighters
forces known as hashish Abby mr. Hadi a
nominee came into the limelight in the
past four years for having played an
effective role in supporting the Iraqi
forces on the battlefield so just
because now we are hearing the news
about mr. Macha started having or being
the front-runner
this however does not mean that mr.
solder has full control or guarantee he
cannot guarantee choose Iraq's next
premier because according to the Iraqi
law in the next 90
these following the results the
political bloc's have to establish a
parliamentary majority to push for
whoever they think should be a Rock's
next prime minister these elections
however we can say that they have been
quite a setback for a box current prime
minister dr. haider al-abadi who many
thought him being the commander in chief
of armed forces the same armed forces
which liberated Iraq from the grip of
ISIL or dodged a lot of people thought
that it would have a very strong chance
of being a walks premier forum next for
another term however it seems that this
bubble has been burst the two main
scenarios that we now have on table is
that mr. Abadi would go into an alliance
with Sayed moqtada Assad who is known to
be a staunch opposer or as a staunch has
a very strong and the hardline anti us
stand when it comes to the political
arena and a Wachtel okay he should be
certain to Jack it's such a complicated
a lot of information to take in from an
onlooker outside briefly when are we
gonna know what's actually going to
happen there you know the cat the
concrete end to this what are we gonna
this time tomorrow or what well-seeming
how the the situation or the results are
really neck to neck really we cannot
tell who exactly is going to be able to
form the parliamentary majority and
who's going to choose it arrives next
premier as I was saying mr. Abadi could
end up being ally the way that side most
other sorta but there is another
suggestion and this is according to
sources that we have here in Iran mr. a
body could be allied with former Iraqi
Prime Minister Nuri al-maliki both
al-maliki and our body are members of
Iraq's al Dawa party so at our party
might bring these two closer together
they could also be allied with mr. had a
nominee and we could see another
completely different premier however one
point we should really focus on is that
whether it is looked at Assad who was
known for his hardline stances against
us and the US presence in Iraq or the
better organization had had the anomaly
also a key commander in the popular
mobilization units who has time and
again called for the called the US
presence in Iraq unjustified whether it
is or is it whether it is this party or
that
party you find that the ultimate result
is that the US influence in Iraq has
ultimately diminished to new lows local
journalist al Tavares thank you for that
very comprehensive explanation I see
this morning okay we'll follow the
twists and turns with the help over the
coming days thank you
