ladies and gentlemen please take your
seats we will begin our ceremony soon if
you are standing toward the front please
move to the middle of your rows and have
a seat so that we can help your fellow
guests buying seats
thank you
ladies and gentlemen please take your
seats we will begin our ceremony shortly
if you have an empty seat next to you
please raise your hands so the ushers
can help other guests sit down thank you
for the ambassador
ladies and gentlemen please take your
seat we will begin our ceremony very
soon
ever a business morning
we shall serve you for peace know where
to start exactly and for love
they rabbis
Hey
ladies and gentlemen we are about to
begin our ceremony please remember to
silence your phones now
ladies and gentlemen please rise for the
presentation of colors by our marine
security guard detachment and remain
standing for the national anthem sung by
sergeant first class
Cameron Hubbard March on the colors
breathe hard oh say can you see by the
dawn's early light what so proudly we
hailed at the twilight's last gleaming
whose broad stripes and bright stars
through the perilous fight or the
ramparts we watched were so gallantly
streaming and the Rockets red glare the
bombs bursting in air gave proof through
the night that our flag was still there
oh say does that star-spangled
or the land of the free and the higher
the colors
ladies and gentlemen please join me now
in welcoming ambassador David Friedman
distinguished guests and dear friends
Tammy and I welcome you to the opening
and dedication of the United States
Embassy in Jerusalem Israel
on this exact day 70 years ago at almost
this exact time David ben-gurion
declared Israel's independence just 11
minutes later President Harry Truman
cause the United States to be the very
first nation to recognize the reborn
State of Israel he later regretted that
he waited so long 70 years since that
memorable event almost to the minute the
United States finally takes the next
step a step awaited voted upon litigated
and prayed for for all these years today
we opened the United States Embassy in
Jerusalem Israel
again the United States leads the way as
the first nation to do so so many have
worked so hard and for so long for this
day to come and they all deserve our
thanks but make no mistake today's
historic event is attributed to the
vision the courage and the moral clarity
of one person to whom we owe an enormous
and eternal debt of gratitude President
Donald J Trump
we have among us an extraordinary
gathering of American patriots and
Israeli leaders I'd like to recognize a
few of them from our host country the
president of the State of Israel his
Excellency Reuven Rivlin and wishing the
best to your wife nahama the Prime
Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu
and his wife Sarah the mayor of
Jerusalem near bar cots and his wife
Beverly the Speaker of the Knesset
Yuli Edelstein is wife arena
the leader of the Opposition Isaac
Herzog and his wife me fouled the Deputy
Chief Justice of the Israel Supreme
Court Shannon Meltzer
the head of the Israel Defense Forces
general gaudy Eisen cop the Ashkenazi
chief rabbi of Israel Rob double ow
the Safari chief rabbi of Israel Robbie
its Tokio safe and the former chief
rabbi of Israel Israel mayor Lau and all
the ministers cabinet members members of
the Knesset members of the IDF mayors
and religious leaders from the executive
branch of the United States government
it is my pleasure to welcome the leader
of the president's delegation the Deputy
Secretary of State John J Sullivan and
the 77th secretary of the Treasury
Steven venusian
president Trump's senior advisor Jared
Kushner president Trump's daughter and
senior advisor Ivanka Trump president
Trump Special Representative for
international negotiations
Jason Greenblatt the United States
Ambassador to Italy Lew Eisenberg
Assistant Secretary of State Nicole
nason and acting assistant secretary of
state David Satterfield from the
legislative branch we have four senators
whose support for Israel is legendary
Senator Lindsey Graham senator Ted Cruz
senator Dean Heller and Senator Mike Lee
thank you for coming
and from our House of Representatives a
delegation led by Congressman Joe Wilson
Congressman Tom rice Congressman Steve
Knight congressman Dennis Ross
Congressman Mario diaz-balart
Congressman Jody hice congressman Scott
Taylor
congressman Lee Zeldin congressman
George holding and congressman Ron
DeSantis
just last year congressman DeSantis
stood at a podium here in Jerusalem and
made a passionate and compelling case
that this day would come and so it has
I'd also like to welcome but the
governor of my home state of Florida who
also has been a strong advocate for
Jerusalem Governor Rick Scott in 1995
the Jerusalem embassy act became law
voted in favor overwhelmingly by both
houses of Congress and led I should add
by a former senator who was here today
senator joseph Lieberman
that law which was reaffirmed just last
year by a vote of 90 to 0 and the Senate
declare Jerusalem to be the capital of
Israel and mandated the move of the
embassy 23 long years have passed since
the transfer of the embassy became the
law of the land but today we keep our
promise to the American people and we
extend to Israel the same right we
extend to every other nation the right
to designate his capital city a capital
city
I should add which houses all three
seats of government with a 3,000 year
old history dating back to the time when
King David made Jerusalem the capital of
ancient Israel Jerusalem has inspired
Americans since well before the founding
of our Republic John Winthrop in 1630 as
he approached Massachusetts Bay spoke of
his quest to build the New Jerusalem as
a city on a hill a phrase later expanded
by President Reagan to be a shining city
on a hill the United States established
its consulate in Jerusalem in 1840 for a
hundred and four years before the birth
of the State of Israel and President
Lincoln relaxing for the first time in
years as the Civil War came to an end
told his wife Mary that it was finally
time for him to take some rest
and he expressed his hope and desire to
visit the holy city of Jerusalem many
say that those were his last words as he
sat next to her in Ford's Theatre I
think President Lincoln is smiling today
as another great Republican Donald J
Trump opens our embassy in the city that
Lincoln admired so much
I would like to thank the faith leaders
who are here and the entire faith
community for their support and I'd like
to now call upon two of them dr. Robert
Jeffress of the First Baptist Church of
Dallas along with rabbi Zalman Wallach
from Chabad to offer a few words of
inspiration
Heavenly Father we come before you the
God of Abraham Isaac and Jacob thanking
you for bringing us to this momentous
occasion in the life of your people and
in the history of our world four
thousand years ago you said to your
servant Abraham that you would make him
the father of a great nation a nation
through whom the whole world would be
blessed and now as we look back we see
how Israel has been that blessing to the
entire world through her innovations in
medicine technology and energy but most
of all Israel has blessed this world by
pointing to us to you the one true God
through the message of her prophets the
scriptures and the Messiah we come
before you today thanking you for your
providential and powerful protection of
this nation from all who would seek to
destroy her this nation the nation of
Israel you have called the apple of your
eye and father we are also grateful as
we think about what happened 70 years
ago today at this very moment when you
fulfilled the prophecies of the prophets
from thousands of years ago and
regathered your people in this promised
land now we want to thank you
especially today for the courageous
leadership of Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and his determination to do
whatever it takes to protect his people
at all cost we are equally grateful for
the skillful work of our ambassador
David Friedman who so effectively
represents our United States policy of
always standing by and supporting our
most reliable ally and friend in the
Middle East and now father as we come to
dedicate this embassy in the city of
Jerusalem the city that you named is the
capital of Israel three thousand years
ago we want to thank you for the
tremendous leadership of our great
president Donald J Trump
without president Trump's determination
resolve courage we would not be here
today and I believe father I speak for
every one of us when we say we thank you
every day that you have given us a
president who boldly stands on the right
side of history but more importantly
stands on the right side of you Oh God
when it comes to Israel and now today
father we want to pray what the psalmist
prayed 3,000 years ago
pray for the Peace of Jerusalem may
those who love her prosper make peace
dwell within her walls and we pray this
in the name and the spirit of the Prince
of Peace Jesus our Lord amen
distinguished guests I'll just referred
to by ambassador Freedman and honored
friends it is with profound gratitude to
God Almighty that I addressed you here
today at the Embassy of the United
States of America to Israel in the holy
city and eternal capital of the Jewish
people
Jerusalem truth is not determined by
popular opinion it is eternal not
ephemeral unchanging not relative truth
stands the test of time while empires
ideologies and philosophies rise and
fall the Jewish people's attachment to
this holy city has never waned or
faltered it is truth
King David imagined a temple here and
the son Solomon built it here the
prophets pleaded cajoled
and thunder here from cradle to grave
for thousands of years Jews of every
extraction have had the beautiful name
of this beautiful city on their lips
Jerusalem Jews have lived here and when
they didn't they directed their prayers
here that is truth and today friends we
celebrate the acknowledgment of this
truth by a country that has been blessed
by God with global
influence the United States of America
we applaud and thank the United States
of America and President Donald Trump
for standing for this truth and for
continuously exhibiting a fearless
commitment to Israel on the world stage
we pray that God Almighty continued to
bless the United States her people and
her leaders and we pray that other
countries follow their example of
affirming the Jewish people's eternal
bond with this holy city there is no
more quintessentially Jewish idea and
aspiration than peace the beauty of
Jerusalem as my mentor the Lubavitcher
Rebbe Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson
of blessed memory once said is that it's
walls are unifying walls within the
confines of Jerusalem every man woman
and child became part of something
greater than themselves peace is
ingrained in the mayor of Jerusalem but
the Prophet Zechariah said you must love
truth and peace peace Shalom is the
inseparable sister of truth I pray that
from today's exalting of truth there
flow to Jerusalem her neighbors and to
the entire world a true and perfect
peace may that they visualize by the
prophets swiftly arrived when nation
shall not take up a sword against nation
when there will be harmony not war
respect not envy love not hate in the
words of the psalmist who sang his
longing for peace not far from right
here pray for the Peace of Jerusalem may
those who love you be at peace Amin
thank you pastor Jeffress and rabbi
Wallach leading the president's
delegation to this historic event is
Deputy Secretary of State John J
Sullivan Deputy Secretary Sullivan
served last month as our acting
Secretary of State leading the
transition of leadership to Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo he then returned to
the number two position in the State
Department
I am honored to introduce deputy
secretary John J Sullivan Thank You
ambassador Friedman for those kind
remarks on behalf of secretary Pompeo
thank you for your dedicated efforts to
establish this diplomatic mission and to
ensure the strongest possible bond
between Israel and the United States
we're also grateful to you in your team
for the close coordination in months of
detailed planning to prepare for this
important day of celebration it's an
honor for me to be part of president
Trump's official delegation on this
momentous occasion on a day as you have
already noted so steeped in history it's
a privilege to stand before so many
distinguished guests political and
religious leaders of Israel in the
United States and to welcome you all to
the opening of the u.s. embassy in
Jerusalem Israel
I also come with a message from
secretary Pompeo
who sends his best wishes it meant a
great deal to him that he was able to
visit Israel on his first trip overseas
and he regrets that he's unable to be
here with us today in person
the secretary asked me to convey on his
behalf the great pride that he feels a
pride that I share on this historic day
for our two countries as president Trump
said in December
moving the u.s. embassy embassy to
Jerusalem is first a recognition of
reality a reality many many years in the
making
Jerusalem is indisputably the capital of
Israel a capital chosen by a sovereign
nation as the seat of its government but
moving the US embassy on a broader scale
is also a step towards advancing peace
in this city in the broader region and
throughout the world the streets of
Jerusalem with its many temples mosques
and churches point to its place in
history but in Jerusalem we can also see
a glimmer of the future filled with hope
the hope for greater understanding and
peace today I'm confident that the u.s.
embassy in Jerusalem will be in the
words of President Trump a magnificent
tribute to peace that is what we are
celebrating here today as we officially
open the newest diplomatic mission of
the United States of America as we do we
also recognize the deep and historic
friendship that brought this mission
into being on this day as several have
noted the United States recognized the
State of Israel it is fitting that today
we mark a new milestone and a new day of
bright hope and promise for the United
States and Israel the State Department
is proud to continue our close
cooperation with the Israeli government
and people from our new embassy here in
Jerusalem we're grateful to president
Prime Minister Netanyahu and the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs for their
friendship in their hard work to keep
our alliance ironclad thank you all for
your tremendous support as we sought to
make the president's pledge of the move
of our embassy a reality we're eager to
make our bonds even stronger from this
very place the United States is
committed to Israel we're committed to
our alliance and we are committed to
building a more of peaceful more
prosperous future together may God bless
the us-israel alliance on this historic
day and I thank you for letting me be a
part of it
Thank You mr. Deputy Secretary President
Trump who made this all reality could
not be here today but didn't record a
message to honor us at this ceremony
please watch and listen
exactly seventy years ago the United
States under President Harry Truman
became the first nation to recognize the
State of Israel today we officially
opened the United States Embassy in
Jerusalem congratulations it's been a
long time coming
almost immediately after declaring
statehood in 1948 Israel designated the
city of Jerusalem as its capital the
capital the Jewish people established in
ancient times so important today
Jerusalem is the seat of Israel's
government it is the home of the Israeli
legislature and the Israeli Supreme
Court and Israel's Prime Minister and
President Israel is a sovereign nation
with the right like every other
sovereign nation to determine its own
capital yet for many years we fail to
acknowledge the obvious the plain
reality that Israel's capital is
Jerusalem on December 6 2017 at my
direction the United States finally and
a
recognized Jerusalem as the true capital
of Israel today we follow through on
this recognition and open our embassy in
the historic and sacred land of
Jerusalem and we're opening it many many
years ahead of schedule
as I said in December our greatest hope
is for peace the United States remains
fully committed to facilitating a
lasting peace agreement and we continue
to support the status quo at Jerusalem's
holy sites including at the Temple Mount
also known as Haram al-sharif this city
and its entire nation is a testament to
the unbreakable spirit of the Jewish
people the United States will always be
a great friend of Israel and a partner
in the cause of freedom and peace we
wish ambassador Freedman good luck as he
takes up his office in this beautiful
Jerusalem embassy and we extend a hand
in friendship to Israel the Palestinians
and to all of their neighbors may there
be peace may God bless this embassy may
God bless all who serve there and may
God bless the United States of America
thank you
it's now my great honor to call upon
Treasury secretary Stephen minuchin and
senior adviser Ivanka Trump to
respectively
unveil the seal of the United States
Embassy and to read the dedication
on behalf of the 45th President of the
United States on America we welcome you
officially and for the first time to the
Embassy of the United States here in
Jerusalem the capital of Israel thank
you
Thank You mr. secretary and thank you
Ivanka in 1980 a Jewish man of 19 was
married to a Jewish woman of 17 in
Ethiopia that night the married couple
shed all indicia of their Jewish
heritage and set forth on foot on a
lengthy trek through the desert until
they reached the Sudan there they were
led to a remote airfield and taken by an
Israeli military aircraft to Israel
having been rescued they settled in the
town of stay wrote on the Gaza periphery
and years later they were kept safe from
incoming rockets by the iron dome an
Israeli missile defense project financed
by the United States one of their
daughters went on to become a successful
singer and she is here with us today to
sing hallelujah the great word of praise
coined by King David the first Jewish
king of Israel please welcome fagot yes
oh
I heard the words a secret chord that
David played and it pleased the Lord but
you don't really care for music do ya
it goes like this
before the fleeth the minor father
don't feed any cool plainly down
me Stoli
Minato
my job
Oh
but baby I've been here before I've seen
you before
be much
yeah
yeah
Sagi thank you that was beautiful
as a seventh-generation Jerusalemites
few in Israeli politics have a longer or
stronger connection to this holy city
than our next speaker I'd like to
welcome his Excellency President
Reuven Rivlin to deliver his remarks
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and
mrs. Netanyahu Speaker of the Knesset
Yulia under strain in mrs. ebony
Secretary of Treasury Stephen
manoeuvring minuchin deputy said Deputy
Secretary of State John J Sullivan Jared
Kushner and Ivanka Trump ambassador and
mrs. Friedman is Jason Greenblatt
senators and congressmen members of the
distinguished delegation coming from the
United States our chief rabbis ministers
and members of blessed head of the
Opposition Commissioner of the police
head of the Mossad mayor near Berkut
ambassador distinguished guests on dot
how you Ragueneau
our feet were standing within your gates
in the gates of Jerusalem the capital of
Israel
Jerusalem whose faith we swore to keep
Jerusalem we who we'd never forgot and
never will forget for three thousand
years the Jewish people kept the faith
in Jerusalem for three thousand years we
prayed for Jerusalem and since the
establishment of the State of Israel 70
years ago Jerusalem has been the capital
of Israel and the obvious as president
Robert said the obvious should be said
from time to time even could be written
from time to time Jerusalem is the heart
of serenity of the State of Israel yes
president Trump Jerusalem is home to the
President of Israel Jerusalem is home to
the government of Israel Jerusalem is
the home to the Knesset the Parliament
of Israel Jerusalem is home to the
Supreme Court of Israel the state of
Israel's commitment to Jerusalem is not
only a commitment to the history of the
Jewish people but is also a commitment
to all residents in Jerusalem all the
Jerusalemites Jerusalem is a microcosm a
microcosm of our ability Jews and Arabs
to live together the unity of Jerusalem
is also seen in that or living in the
city are equal and as of this happy day
Jerusalem is also the embassy to Israel
of the United States of America thanks
God
the American Congress has for many years
now recognized Jerusalem as the capital
of Israel and I want to say to thank the
many members of the Congress and Senate
Democrats and Republicans Republicans
and Democrats alike for the love and
support from for Israel in every US
election every presidential candidate
has promised to move the American
Embassy to Jerusalem finally we have a
leader who promised this and also kept
his promise
and for this we say vamoose
check Yahoo techie Manu Reggiano las
monjas e we give thanks that we have
arrived at this place and at this time
president Trump president Trump sent the
message to your father the Israeli
people thanks you for keeping your word
for your courage for your determination
and for your firm unwavering stand
alongside to the State of Israel we hope
and expect that other nation will follow
your path and your leadership we will
continue to save God Jerusalem as a city
of peace as a city as an a home to all
those of faith a city of all its
residents and citizens of all religion
and communities who share together
together one city which is so greatly
loved by everyone thank you all and God
bless all of you thank you
Thank You president Rivlin the State of
Israel has many advocates in the White
House but none have shown greater
advocacy for nor greater effort to
advance the special relationship between
Israel and the United States and the
cause of regional peace then my good
friend Jared Kushner mr. Kirschner will
now offer his thoughts on this historic
moment
Thank You ambassador Friedman you've
really done a great job today and you've
done a great job as an ambassador but
today's really been spectacular so thank
you very much I am so proud to be here
today in Jerusalem the eternal heart of
the Jewish people and I am especially
honored to be here today as a
representative of the 45th President of
the United States Donald J Trump I also
want to thank Prime Minister Netanyahu
and Sarah for being with us here today
to celebrate this historic occasion
thank you very much I'd like to ask all
of the members of Congress who are here
on their delegations to rise and be
recognized today would not be possible
without your advocacy throughout the
years
Thank You deputy secretary Sullivan for
leading our delegation secretary
minuchin for your leadership and for
your friendship and of course Ivanka
thank you for all the great work you do
to help so many people in our country
and throughout the world including me so
I like I also want to acknowledge vice
president Mike Pence for his tireless
efforts to strengthen the us-israel
relationship in December of last year
President Trump announced to the world
that the United States would finally
recognize the truth that Jerusalem is
the capital of Israel he also declared
that we would soon move our embassy from
Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and just five
months later we are standing on these
grounds while presidents before him have
backed down from their pledge to move
the American Embassy once in office this
president delivered because when
President Trump makes a promise he keeps
it
but today also demonstrates American
leadership by moving our embassy to
Jerusalem we have shown the world once
again that the United States can be
trusted
we stand with our friends and our allies
and above all else we've shown that the
United States of America will do what's
right and so we have Israel is a
sovereign nation with the right to
determine its own capital the same right
that is enjoyed by every other country
in the world in taking this action the
United States has also chosen to
strengthen the bond between our two
countries
our special bond is the envy of nations
throughout the world this bond is forged
through shared history sustained through
shared interests and immortalized
through shared principles the United
States stands with Israel because we
both believe in freedom we stand
together because we both believe in
human rights we stand together because
we believe democracy is worth defending
and the United States stands with Israel
because we believe we know that it is
the right thing to do
when we stand together for the
principles and the values we share we
shine a light of justice unto the world
Israel proves every day the boundless
power of freedom this land is the only
land in the Middle East in which Jews
Muslims and Christians and people of all
faiths participate and worship freely
according to their beliefs Israel
protects women's rights freedom of
speech and the right of every individual
to reach their god-given potential these
are the same values that the United
States cherishes these are the values
that bind us together these are also the
values that have made Israel one of the
most vibrant nations in the world this
tiny population has spurred advancements
in technology medicine and agriculture
making the world a healthier safer and
more prosperous place these are the
blessings we hope Israel can one day
share with its neighbors last week
President Trump acknowledged another
truth and kept another promise he
announced his intention to exit the
dangerous flawed and one-sided Iran deal
Iran's aggression threatens the many
peace-loving citizens throughout the
region and the entire world from Israel
to Jordan to Egypt to Saudi Arabia and
beyond many leaders are fighting to
modernize their countries and create
better lives for their people in
confronting common threats and in
pursuit of common interests previously
unimaginable opportunities and alliances
are emerging I am also proud to be here
today
as a member of the team that president
Trump has entrusted to lead the efforts
to bring peace between the Israelis and
the Palestinians it has been an honor to
work with our new Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo national security advisor
John Bolton
our ambassador David Friedman and our
Special Representative Jason Greenblatt
who really does so much pretty well I
also want to acknowledge ambassador
Nikki Haley who really has created a new
day for Israel anyway
on December 6 president Trump was very
clear that his decision and today's
celebration do not reflect a departure
from our strong commitment to lasting
peace a peace that overcomes the
conflicts of the past in order to give
our children a brighter and more
boundless future as we have seen from
the protests of the last month and even
today those provoking violence are part
of the problem and not part of the
solution the United States is prepared
to support a peace agreement in every
way that we can we believe that it is
possible for both sides to gain more
than they give so that all people can
live in peace safe from danger free from
fear and able to pursue their dreams the
United States recognizes the sensitivity
surrounding Jerusalem a city that means
so much to so many Jerusalem is a city
unique in the history of civilization no
other place on earth can claim
significance to three major religions
each day Jews pray at the Western Wall
Muslims bow in prayer at al-aqsa mosque
and Christians worship at the Church of
the Holy Sepulchre that is why President
Trump has called many times including
right now on all parties to maintain the
status quo Jerusalem's holy sites
including the Temple Mount also known as
Haram al-sharif while the challenges to
peace are numerous I have personally
seen that the determination of the
leaders in the region and throughout the
world remains steadfast they have seen
too much pain sorrow and wasted
opportunity and they think it's time to
try something better
throughout history Jerusalem has been
the victim of war and conquest it has
been used to divide people and to
instigate conflict by those with evil
intentions but it does not have to be
this way Jerusalem must remain a city
that brings people of all faiths
together to visit to worship to respect
each other and to appreciate the majesty
of history and the glory of God's
creation Israel has been a responsible
cousteau
of Jerusalem and has kept these
religious sites open to all in fact
immediately after the 1967 war one of
the first acts of the Knesset was to
adopt the protection of holy places law
ensuring access to places of worship to
members of all religions funds were
immediately allocated to repair any
damage to the churches mosques and
synagogues that suffered through war
conflict and neglect as Israel turned 70
the search for a lasting peace turns
over a new leaf
one of realism and of not being afraid
to stand strongly with our allies for
what is good for what is right and for
what is true when there when there is
peace in this region we will look back
upon this day and remember that the
journey to peace started with a strong
America recognizing the truth
but pursuit of peace is the noblest
pursuit of humankind
I believe pieces Within Reach if we dare
to believe that the future can be
different from the past that we are not
condemned to relive history and that the
way things were is not how they must
forever be it will not be an easy road
and it will be filled with difficult
moments and tough decisions but if we
dream big if we lead with courage we can
change the trajectory for millions from
hopeless to boundless this is a hope
that many of us know personally I am
here today as a proud American and the
grandson of Holocaust survivors during
World War two
my late grandparents Ray and Joseph
Kushner fled their homes to the forests
of Belarus to escape Nazi persecution
somehow they managed to resist the
horrors and survive after the war they
built a new life in America a beacon of
hope a land of limitless opportunity in
my office in the White House I keep a
photo of them on my desk to remind me of
how high the stakes are when nations
fail to recognize right from wrong and
the decisive power America has to tip
the scales in favor of the righteous
today we take another historic step in
that direction
I am confident that as a result our
nation's will be stronger our peoples
more prosperous and our futures filled
with even greater promise for peace may
God bless you may God bless Israel may
God bless the United States of America
Jarrid just referred to as two
grandparents who survived the Holocaust
to the Holocaust survivors who are here
with us today
and to those who are watching on
television who thought that this day
would never come
we can never relieve the nightmare of
your past but we do hope that today
brings you some measure of comfort it is
now my great honor to call upon the
prime minister of the state of Israel
Benjamin Netanyahu
president Rivlin shavasana said to saw
him weaknesses or Sharia - who shall I'm
Rochelle Rochelle posits a secretary
Minoo him
deputy secretary john sullivan jayson
Greenblatt and Naomi and your family
ambassador David Friedman and Tammy and
your family senators and members of
Congress and the governor of Florida we
have no better friends in the world you
stand for Israel and you stand for
Jerusalem Thank You Melanie
the chief rabbis of Israel the
distinguished rabbis who are here the
pastures the ministers the many friends
who have come here from around the world
the many friends who have prayed for
this day and have worked for this day
thank you all and of course I want to
especially welcome Jared Kushner and
Ivanka Trump your presence here today is
a testament to the importance of this
occasion not only for the Trump
administration but in a very personal
way for you for you each of you for the
pursuit of peace and for President Trump
himself thank you
dear friends what a glorious day
remember this moment this is history
president Trump by recognizing history
you have made history all of us are
deeply moved all of us are deeply
grateful for me being here brings back
wonderful memories from my childhood
adult people admission loss I do elect
papas adult at your left Papa Sadat a
druid or keepo a solitary fire miss you
can enhance a young God all younger
dolly who shall I'm younger doll Lindy
naughty same young Sheila red busy Horn
annual who me Ledo worked
so I know some of you didn't follow
every word I said in Hebrew and I'll
tell you that I spent the first three
years of my life in this neighborhood
and in Getty Street and temple which is
not very far away there were a few
charming houses here many open fields
I remember ambling in these fields with
my brother yoni he was 6 I was 3 my hand
very tight we'd walk to this wondrous
house a professor joseph clauser the
renowned jewish historian was my
father's teacher i used to peer through
the slats of the wooden synagogue where
he and the great israeli writers I had
known used to pray on Shabbat and David
I would approach this place right here
but only so far because my mother told
me you can't go any further this was
near the border it was exposed to sniper
fire that was then this is now today
today the most the Embassy of the most
powerful nation on earth our greatest
ally the United States of America today
its embassy opened here
what a difference what a difference so
for me this spot brings back personal
memories but for our people it evokes
profound collective memories of the
greatest moments we have known on this
city on a hill in Jerusalem in Jerusalem
Abram passed the greatest test of faith
and the right to be the father of our
nation in Jerusalem
King David established our capital 3,000
years ago in Jerusalem King Solomon
built our temple which stood for many
centuries in Jerusalem Jewish exile from
Babylon rebuilt the temple which stood
for many more centuries in Jerusalem the
Maccabees rededicated that temple and
restored Jewish sovereignty in this land
and it was here in Jerusalem some 2,000
years later that the soldiers of Israel
spoke three immortal words how a bite be
a den the Temple Mount is in our hands
words that lifted the spirit of the
entire nation we are in Jerusalem and we
are here to stay
we are here in Jerusalem protected by
the brave soldiers of the army of Israel
led by our chief of staff Gaudi isin
code and our brave soldiers our brave
soldier are protecting the borders of
Israel as we speak today we salute them
all and the members of our security
forces the Shin Bet and the Mossad whose
head is with us today we salute you all
all of you
we gather here today to celebrate
another historic day in the life of this
city which I know will take its place
alongside other momentous decisions in
the history of our people over a century
ago the Balfour Declaration recognized
the right of the Jewish people to
unnatural home in this land and exactly
70 years ago today President Truman
became the first world leader to
recognize the new born Jewish States
last December President Trump became the
first world leader to recognize
Jerusalem as our capital and today the
United States of America is opening its
embassy right here in Jerusalem thank
you thank you president Trump for having
the courage to keep your promises
Thank You President Trump and thank you
all for making the alliance between
America and Israel stronger than ever
and thank you a special thank you to you
ambassador Friedman thank you David for
everything you do to bring our countries
and our peoples closer together today
you have a special privilege you are
privileged to become the first American
ambassador to serve your country in
Jerusalem and this is a distinct honor
that will be yours forever nobody can be
first again thank you David
my friends this is a great day for
Israel it's a great day for America it's
a great day for our fantastic
partnership but I believe it's also a
great day for peace
I want to thank Jared Jason and David
for your tireless efforts to advance
peace and for your tireless efforts to
advance the truth the truth the truth
and peace are interconnected a peace
that is built on lies will crash on the
rocks of Middle Eastern realities you
can only build peace on truth and the
truth is that Jerusalem has been and
will always be the capital of the Jewish
people the capital of the Jewish state
true peace and justice as our justice
souter cannot Meltzer can attest truth
peace and justice this is what we have
and this is what we believe in the
Prophet Zechariah declared over 2,500
years ago
Kamala do now chav TLC own vishanti
bataki who shall I'm then a Clarion
shall I'm ill her amid so said the Lord
I will return to Zion and I will dwell
in the midst of Jerusalem and Jerusalem
shall be called the city of truth may
the opening of this embassy in this city
spread the truth far and wide and may
the truth advance a lasting peace
between Israel and all our neighbors god
bless the United States of America and
God bless Jerusalem the eternal
undivided capital of Israel hello a
numerical of Chettiar new becky mano de
gr new das man as they thank you very
much
Thank You mr. prime minister for those
stirring words to now offer a closing
benediction I'd like to call upon Pastor
John Hagee founder and senior pastor of
the Cornerstone Baptist Church in San
Antonio Texas pastor Hagee Academy Stan
our most gracious Heavenly Father God of
Abraham Isaac and Jacob the God who
calls the Stars by name and major space
with a span of his hand the God who is
the king of the universe we gather here
today to thank you for the joy of living
and seeing this glorious and historic
day we thank you for the State of Israel
the lone torch of freedom in the Middle
East who lives and prospers because of
your everlasting love for the Jewish
people it was you O Lord who gathered
the exiles from the nations and brought
them home again it was you who made
statehood possible it was you that gave
a miraculous victory in 1967 when
Jerusalem was reopened to worshipers of
all faiths Jerusalem is the city of God
Jerusalem is the heartbeat of Israel
Jerusalem is where Abraham placed his
son on the altar of the Temple Mount and
became the father of many nations
Jerusalem is where Jeremiah and Isaiah
penned principles of righteousness that
became the moral foundations of Western
civilization Jerusalem is where Messiah
will come and establish a kingdom that
will never end we thank you O Lord for
President Donald Trump's courage in
acknowledging to the world a truth
established 3,000 years ago that
Jerusalem is and always shall be the
eternal capital of the Jewish people and
because of that courage of our president
we gather here today to consecrate the
ground upon which the United States
Embassy will stand reminding the
dictators of the world that America and
Israel are forever United we thank you
for our ambassador
David Friedman and pray your anointing
upon him as he opens the doors of the US
Embassy to receive the nations of the
world let the word go forth from
Jerusalem today that Israel lives shout
it from the housetops that Israel lives
let every Islamic terrorist hear this
message Israel lives let it be heard in
the halls of the United Nations Israel
lives let it echo down the marble halls
of the presidential palace in Iran
Israel lives let it be known to all men
that Israel lives because he that
keepeth Israel neither slumbers nor
sleeps as King David prayed 3,000 years
ago we pray for the Peace of Jerusalem
and all its inhabitants let the name of
the Lord be glorified today for the
defender of Israel today tomorrow and
forever is here can we all shout
hallelujah amen
once again I'd like to call upon
yeah so to sing oh Devo Shalom Aleinu
peace will yet come to us all
- a Muslim boy we did a share
a shallow shallow shallow
a share
please
every word I said
No
Oh Diavolo milena with your formal 800
Diavolo Molina with authorship fair
Oh
as target just sang so beautifully may
peace yet come to all of us here in
Jerusalem and throughout the world as
vice-president pence said at the Knesset
this past January echoed by President
Rivlin today and by Prime Minister
Netanyahu saffiano Viki Amano the Higgy
a new las monjas we are all so grateful
for this very special day this concludes
our ceremony I'd like to thank all of
you so much for your support and please
come visit us again soon thank you very
much
ladies and gentlemen this concludes our
dedication ceremony we
