director of the Stockholm International
Peace Research Institute and you're very
welcome dan thanks for your time miss
afternoon John Bolton did say on his
visit the world won't be a more
dangerous place as a result of pulling
out of this treaty do you agree with
that I don't make predictions but I
think that the risk of new nuclear
buildups is really quite obvious I think
that the relations between the great
powers or between the US and Russia and
between the US and China are more
difficult now than they have been for a
long time and I think that that's a
difficult combination so I am not as I'm
not as confident about it as these teams
but on the other hand I would rather
hear people saying that we can we can
get through this without serious danger
than to hear a senior official in the
u.s. saying oh yes this is a dangerous
path and we're steering straight down it
do you sense this still room for
negotiation here for a compromise to be
reached I think even the fact that John
Bolton said that you know the treaty is
out of date and a new one is needed even
if he also complicated things by
bringing China into the picture of what
till now has been a bilateral agreement
yeah I think that does indeed indicate
that there are possibilities for
negotiation and agreement and I think
further if you look back I mean a lot of
people are looking back now to some of
the dark days of the Cold War and
actually how did we get out of that
situation we got out of it because even
in the most difficult times there is
always the possibility of starting
talking of talking about talks of
floating ideas and seeing what comes
about so I think there is a room for
maneuver for negotiation for sure when
the question must be can the leadership
on both sides come up with the will and
the tactical nouse to exploit that up
with you you say both sides there they
actually talked about another side too
didn't they China America would like
China to be involved in any future
treaty how likely is that to happen do
you think
I'm not really sure and I'm not at all
sure that I understand the thinking in
the us that wishes to bring China in at
this point I think I think I'd need to
know more of what as they see it in the
US the internal logic of doing this is
in principle if one has a treaty which
is a complete elimination of a category
of weapons which is what as you pointed
out in your introduction the INF treaty
is every round launched missile between
500 kilometers and 5,000 kilometers is
is forbidden between you know on the
mainland of Europe and Asia in principle
then it's easy to extend the
geographical range of that treaty and
bring in China and potentially bring in
anybody else so it isn't a difficult
thing to do in technical sense but
politically I think would add
complications and just lastly Dan is
pulling out of this treaty any more
dangerous than pulling out of the
anti-ballistic missile treaty in the
1970s that often gets talked about I
think that what we're seeing is that an
architecture of arms control that was
put together around the end of the Cold
War that consisted of the INF treaty the
conventional forces in Europe treaty
capping numbers of heavy weapons non
nuclear weapons on both sides the
presidential nuclear initiatives and the
strategic arms reduction treaty building
on foundations of the ABM Treaty that
was an architecture which has given us
peace and security of an unexpected
nature at the time for the last nearly
three decades the ABM Treaty was
abrogated by the US and 2002 Russia
effectively pulled out of the CFE the
conventional forces treaty in 2015 now
the u.s. is pulling out of the INF
treaty and the strategic arms reduction
treaty only lasts until 2021 and
currently there are no talks to prolong
it so the arc
as a whole is in serious difficulty and
that's where we should be directing
attention towards rebuilding those
achievements so when you hear the u.s.
say it will increase its nuclear
capacity unless quote other countries
come to their senses do you see that
sort of as a double edged sword a sort
of threat but also I sort of come on
let's all talk about this I think it may
be meant that way but I do think that at
least some other countries at which
that's directed will first of all see
the the threatening side rather than
they kind of the more the more peaceful
side to it in 1978 1979 NATO took the
decision to bring in cruise missiles and
Pershing two ballistic missiles to
Europe and it called it a double-track
decision saying that you know we we arm
we build up the arms but we want to
negotiate it took eight years of
increasing tensions and of increasing
risk before the INF treaty was agreed so
some people will read that as being a
sign that shows you can do it this way
you can arm in order to do so when other
people will see it as being a sign that
you run serious risks if you take that
course I would much rather they just
said we want to keep on with the
agreements of arms control let's sit
down and talk about it and if there are
claims of violations made by other sides
as the US has been making about Russia
for some time and Russia less serious
claim of times of violations for the
last few years as well the side against
whom the charge is being made should say
okay let's talk this through and let's
see what problem is here I mean there's
a there's a way to respond to these
things with a positive spirit and
there's a way to respond to them
competitively and confrontationally I
don't think that always turns out well
ok damn fascinating to talk to you we've
got to leave it there there that was Dan
Smith a director of the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute
thanks very much for your time
you
