American whistleblower Chelsea Manning
has been protesting in Washington DC
it's those facing trial next Monday for
demonstrating against president Trump's
inauguration the former soldier became
famous for having a prison sentence
refuted by Barack Obama
after she leaked confidential US
documents she also commented on the
recent case of activists facing abuse at
the US Senate hearing last Wednesday
we're seeing you know protesters in
numerous places all across the country
from California to New York to North
Carolina where they're facing charges
and they're facing you know felony
counts often and getting brutal and be
brutalized by the police and this is not
new but it's certainly becoming more
aggressive and more assertive and we
need to put a stop to
