julian assange is reportedly facing new
limitations that include bans on phone
calls and even visitors according to
WikiLeaks the whistleblowing group he
co-founded the restrictions come as his
fate has been negotiated by UK and
Ecuadorian authorities his internet
access is still blocked we have had
talks who are interested in solving this
issue Assange is aware that Ecuador is
exhausting all efforts by diplomatic
means
in March Assange is internet use was
restricted after he tweeted criticism of
the UK's response to the poisoning of
Sergey and Yulia script pal it's been
almost six years since WikiLeaks founder
had to seek asylum in the Ecuadorian
Embassy in London during this time
Assange was visited by many friends
celebrity guests and media but it looks
like now he doesn't have that option on
the table human rights activist Peter
Tatchell says that new restrictions make
life worse than in prison Ecuador
granted during Assange political asylum
it granted him a safe haven in its
London embassy and it granted him
citizenship with all the rights that go
with citizenship yet those rights have
now been unilaterally abrogated by the
Ecuadorian government during Assange is
effectively being held incommunicado he
can't communicate with the outside world
and the outside world cannot communicate
with him that is a more draconian
restriction than even terrorists or
rapists experienced in prison they do
have a right to communicate and Julian
Assange does not so this is a very very
backward step which goes quite clearly
against Ecuador's own guarantees of
human rights and free expression
