Syria's President Bashar al-assad has
offered amnesty to military deserters
and those who have fled the country to
avoid the draft the hope is to encourage
Syrians to return home on the
understanding that they won't be
punished for avoiding serving in the
army russia's Foreign Minister has
welcomed this is a step towards national
reconciliation to creating acceptable
conditions for refugees who want to come
back to Syria and internally displaced
citizens we actively encourage this
commitment by the Syrian leadership the
Syrian war is now in its eighth year
President Assad's forces have retaken
most of the country with it Aleppo
province in the north being the only
major rebel stronghold left roughly six
million people have fled the country
since 2011 the director of a think-tank
focusing on Syria and the Middle East
had told us that the offer of amnesty is
a step in the right direction the
circles of the refugees for example in
neighboring countries say Lebanon Jordan
and so on have been actually asking and
demanding whether the president would
have or the Syrian state would offer
full amnesty it came out today as
amnesty for the deserters from the Army
so sort of partial amnesty but still
it's a very good step in the right
direction - I would say a peace but give
confidence to those refugees who are
looking for a way to go back to Syria
without having to deal with all sorts of
legal issues or you know with a fear of
somebody throwing the book at them and
taking them 240 so on and so forth
Syrian state is using the tools at its
disposal to make head ways in terms of
the reconciliation effort progress and
reconciliation
you
