the third Friday in a row journalists
from Spain's state-owned radio and
television corporation addressing in
black it's part of a protest against
alleged interference into the channels
work by Spain's ruling party disgruntled
journalists are calling for the sacking
of the media corporations president they
started their Black Friday campaign in a
bid to protect media integrity
expressing anger at the government's
perceived efforts to control their work
when you don't cover the positive
developments in Catalonia because you
find the damage and news more
interesting when you're asked to tell
the viewers about the electoral campaign
in chronological order so that you won't
start with the scandal affecting the
ruling party when you're asked to
present certain information exactly how
it's being presented to you data there
is always one sided and that you have no
chance to give the broader context to at
the Spanish Parliament on Wednesday
journalist and politician noelia vera
gave the channel her support my boss has
trusted me to prepare material about the
speech of Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz
I told him that without the original
audio I would not accept the assignment
after ten minutes I was removed and he
gave this task to another journalist and
here is another example they put the
story on my colleagues table which
without any verification accused who on
Carlos Montero of tax evasion have been
checked the information from that piece
of paper she saw that it was untrue that
there was neither fraud nor crime in it
do you know what they said to her make
it look that way that is what they told
this journalist next week Spanish
journalists will present over 500 cases
of alleged government interference to
that of the European Parliament
