Lokomotiv Moscow secured the Russian
Premier League title last week for the
third time in the club's history and
Elia Gurkha grickles the club's
president joins us live now in the
studio to talk about this firstly look
congratulations your teams of Champions
of Russia here's the trophy to prove it
- how does it feel
thank you Andrew well it's absolutely
fantastic for us and you know it's a it
fans waited for for 14 years its title
and now are we all celebrating
absolutely I mean I was there at the
game last weekend a fantastic end to the
match T wasn't it very very dramatic but
you surprised a lot of people this year
winning this title at what point in the
season did you personally think you know
what we might win this maybe in the
winter break after we have this Suruga
several games when the roll roll like
four or five I don't remember exactly
but in winter we start okay we probably
could achieve that so here in winter
this of tostitos were but two guys
believe it from the very beginning
the Jefferson car from Peru Peruvian
international player and our captain
Ingrid Aneesa absolutely and no point
did you have any doubts because I was
following this very closely all the time
come on the last three games there's no
win no gold scored hard time for us and
the fans were you know with Petra
probably going to you know finally give
it up at the end but you persisted with
it and you beat your rivals then eat
last weekend my home team actually yeah
I was Mia born and born raised in st.
Peters well it was my first team so it
was a trauma for me as well right so
overall you obviously extremely pleased
with the way it played out now look
we're sitting here at just 35 days away
from the World Cup FIFA says it believes
that Russia now is ready is is that your
perception you're a man in football
you've been around most of the stadiums
of Russia - how do you perceive Russia
and its and the prospects for the World
Cup I think my personal opinion is we
were ready yeah is this small me most
small stuff - to achieve no to
, but but in general we absolutely ready
and we are waiting we're very exciting
them and personally I'm very exciting
because it's dramatic absolutely think I
never could dream about it when I was a
boy that a volt car being my my home
country in my hometown who in my city
sent busy Brooke it's it's unbelievably
so we so excited about it it's coming
over to the country what do you think
they should expect yeah they should
expect they'd be surprised because yeah
because I mean positively surprised by
we could show them our country from
inside is a beautiful country who you'll
see you will see a different it's
different culture maybe a little bit
from from the West countries but it's
it's it's something we could proud of
mmm I'm sure you followed Western media
too and there's always a lot of
negativity surrounding tournaments
before they start it doesn't matter
which one and Russia is no different
people are concerned about crowd trouble
I'm sure they will we know a little bit
very calm very very you know everything
will be all right because yeah we made a
tremendous job please and the club's
itself we influence the people we said
guys we should be we should be very
welcomed we we should really spread
atmosphere of a welcome Nesta to to to
the our guests to it because it's it's
it's a it's a huge thing for the country
for the club's for the Russian food
before you then of us so I'm helps
ensure everything will be absolutely
normal
absolutely all right and I you could
expect only good things you're obviously
very close with fans to particularly
Lokomotiv how are they feeling about
being a country that hosts the World Cup
our stadium arena will not host the live
matches but they they are only talking
about which which games they could be
visit and everything how to get tickets
and all this stuff so they all talking
just only about how the Russia could
what our chances you know
yeah oh well let's talk about Russia's
chances because I mean a lot of people
will think okay Russia well we remember
them in 2008 they got to the semi-finals
of the euros but
since then it hasn't been great has it I
mean when a game the last World Cup I
think they fail to qualify for the one
previously how do you see Russia's
chances yeah first of all I want to
remind you that we not participate on
World Cups all the time it's for us it's
it's a human or B so it's a honor and
it's it's is something to be here and we
never would never get through the group
stage in our in Russian history so for
us getting oh it will be huge huge
result and we will be celebrated all
around yeah I could I could agree with
you the group is not very hardest this
Saudi Arabia but they qualified to the
World Cup and it's something and Egypt
with more masala it's not absolutely
he's on fire and yeah so few then if
Russia just manages to get out of the
group that will be successful that's how
the country perceives it it will be a
great success great success and great
celebration for us and achievement and
everything the guys will have big heroes
and I'm very proud that at least two
three guys are in three rows - but -
maybe all three of them will play and
yeah we might see from a lot more - so
let's just run through these because
they're interesting characters - so you
got the middle chook brothers who
playing mid failed also twin brothers
twin brother it's not very yeah and then
so which other players might come from
Locker motif then do you feel and make
the squad vada can achieve the right
winger also could he's an ER hasta and
he's he did tremendous job with local so
we hope we believe he could play as well
a defender mid-foot mediator Asif so
could be in the mix yeah so we wish all
the luck all the best of the guys and
yeah yeah do you think we're seeing a
new beginning for Russian football I say
this because you have a very good youth
academy that locomotive and you're
starting to see the results
you know the middle shoot brothers
they've helped you in the league now
they're in the national team - do you
have positive feelings about this thank
you today we have one of the greatest
Academy and you
look at the Russian other Russian clubs
they maybe 20 of our former place from
from our Canada playing all around the
Russian Premier League but as you
mentioned the many of them as part of
three directive from a locomotive
but our former boys they're also from
other clubs they also part of our
national team so yeah we continue to do
our job with preparing the guys for for
the national team for the club's for the
food for so I have very great feeling
about it so we are very promising and in
terms of how would we say their feelings
towards playing in Russia the host
nation for the World Cup they relaxed
about it does it perhaps put more
pressure on them or are they more
relaxed because they know the stadiums
and fans it's a funny combination isn't
it yeah for young guys it's the pressure
but they will do they will do great I'm
sure about it because yes it's one one
like one their life chance to play to
your home country and the World Cup it's
something absolutely unbelievable to
dream you gave you leave a dream now
it's something fantastic sure and you
have some other internationals that are
playing at locomotive will be playing in
the World Cup also see we have a billion
national team Jeff for fun he's a leader
of droolin team they have mastery bus
from Poland we have furniture Locker
from Croatia and were missed
sometimes from not participating yeah
the champ you scored the winner last
weekend yeah that's a Portugal probably
yeah we have two Portuguese and
absolutely a monofin understand there
and they're the champions of hero of
last euro guy whose court was very good
at scoring the last minute important
and their approach I mean they must be
as excited are they is the Russian plays
that this is sort of coming exciting and
the the so happy to play in the same
country they play in the in the
championship they play in the World Cup
yeah we were all waiting for it and I
was looking at sales of World Cup
tickets half of them I think what out of
two million have gone to Russians I mean
there's no shortage of demand in Russia
to get to one of these games and watch
you the demand is huge everyone is on
the old phone the fans forums the people
are always discussing how to get extra
tickets okay and just the final one then
I know you probably won't want to do
this but your prediction first game
Russia against Saudi Arabia we should
win we should win we go for winning and
we we should win an inning in a classy
style in class roster I mean an
attacking style and you know because all
country all eyes will be on no holding
back no cagey first game okay we'll look
thank you very much for coming in
congratulations on the Russian title
it's a fine trophy isn't it I think it's
a third time that Locke motif it took
got their name on that so we're very
well done thank you thank you originally
click is the president of Raqqa motif
Football Club
