which rail has revoked the work permit
for Human Rights Watch's director in the
country
authorities explained the decision was
based on a dossier that was compiled on
Omar shakyas activities over the course
of the last decade shakyas work involves
reporting on Israel and the Palestinian
territories he has held his post since
April last year when Israel has given
him 14 days to leave the country
we spoke to the Aster director who told
us that the real motive behind the
decision is to disturb his
organization's work the reality is all
of the allegations in the dossier relate
to human rights activities many of which
took place years ago before I joined
Human Rights Watch when I was a student
in university the reality remains that
even according to the interior ministry
neither I nor Human Rights Watch promote
boycotts Human Rights Watch's an
organization that covers over 90
countries across the world we've won a
Nobel Peace Prize you know for our
efforts we document abuses not only by
Israel but also by the Palestinian
Authority and by Hamas this is the first
time of course Human Rights Y that
Israel has ordered Human Rights official
out of the country and we've been
working here for nearly three decades
I met a 50-plus year occupation
characterized by systematic rights abuse
and institutional discrimination so the
real aim is clear it's to muzzle dissent
what Human Rights Watch also says this
is not about the director himself but
about shackling the organization's
activities in Israel it's also said that
it supports the director and will fight
for the decision to be reversed am I
stuck here again says the organization
will push on with its work regardless of
the obstacles barring me from operating
here will not stop our report and will
continue to document rights abuses and
be vocal about the right situation on
the ground but I think it's a very
worrying signal regarding where Israel
is and is going
we intend to challenge this decision
before an Israeli District Court and we
intend to continue to raise pressure not
only to reverse this decision
but also to rescind the law that calls
for banning entry of B F of activists
willfully anticipate that that decision
will be reversed and that I will be
permitted to remain in the country
