one camera also caught an unusual scene
on red square at one point a war hero
seen being forced out of the way by
members of the presidential security
team the president knows saw what was
happening and immediately invited the
veteran to walk with him we found the
war hero to know his story the president
was there he has two bodyguards two big
lads I was walking behind them the
president knows me we've met before
and he gave me a sign to come over I
went the guards wanted to push me back
but the president didn't let them they
didn't touch me anymore they understood
that the president knows me and I know
him well so we went together to the Tomb
of the Unknown Soldier and to the
Kremlin my rank is Major General I was
called up to the army before my 17th
birthday after six months of trainings I
was sent to the frontline when I got
there Moscow had already been liberated
so I was sent to Smolensk I took part in
the battle for Smolensk I was just a
soldier for that battle I got the medal
for bravery
