thousands have come out to the streets
of Paris to protest against the policies
of macron governments those who retired
workers and students all coming together
to show that they're unhappy with those
policies that have already been passed
than the reforms that are due to be
passed over the next few years of the
macron presidency this was a cross union
protest one of around a hundred across
France and there have been a number of
skirmishes between some of the
protesters and the police some
protesters throwing projectiles at the
police including stones at glass bottles
and smoke grenades and the police coming
back with some force and detaining some
of those protesters aiming to stop this
protest from turning as violent as we
saw some of those earlier this year on
May the 1st many people are very unhappy
they're very angry with the policies of
the macron government saying that the
reforms that he's been passing and the
reforms needs makes the pass on could
destroy the fabric of the French society
this is what some of the protesters have
been telling us we are outraged revolted
by what he says about a population
hardship he proves he doesn't know his
country properly approves above all a
disdain in what he says micron is like
the bankers chief at no point will he
compromise with workers all his orders
serve the employers he also goes against
retirees like me and the general public
since we retired our pension has not
stopped shrinking I'm really mad in my
wife too for some of the other things
that people have been talking about here
on the streets is how they think the
president is out of touch reality and
how he puts his foot in it when he talks
to members of the public he's being
described many times of being
president of the rich but some of the
things that have worked the people here
caused some anger and some of the
comments he's made over the last few
weeks including telling an unemployed
gardener that if he just watched the
street he would be able to get a job in
a bar or cafe and one of the things he
said in the last week was her - a
pensioner where he suggested they should
take a leaf out of the book of the
founder of the French Republic General
de Gaulle and to stop complaining this
is what he said general show the goal
told me you can speak freely the only
thing we don't have the right to do is
complain the country would be different
if everyone did the same what is clear
is that the people who've come out to
the streets here in Paris and across
France are incredibly unhappy with the
macro presidency and they want to do
everything to ensure that their voices
are heard will those voices be heard
well it's not sure the protest sort of
marred Mekons presidency over the last
17 months so he doesn't seem to have
taken any notice and not changed course
he says he is carrying out the manifesto
that he was elected on but the people
here say that they want him to stop and
to change course immediately Charlotte
didn't speak our team
you
