Trump's really pushing her Gina Haspel
is the perfect candidate strong really
strong smart tough and with 30 years of
duty behind her so why all the hate my
highly respected nominee for CIA
director Gina Haspel has come under fire
because she was too tough on terrorists
think of that in these very dangerous
times we have the most qualified person
a woman who Democrats want out because
she is too tough on terror win Gina
tough on terrorists meaning she ran a
secret CIA detention center where she
those under her reportedly tortured
prisoners by the way the video tapes
which allegedly documented some of the
most horrific tortures were destroyed by
the CIA tough woman all right with years
of experience in illegal and immoral
torture and any other reasons to vouch
for her there's no one more qualified to
be the first woman to lead the CIA than
30 plus year CIA veteran Gina Haspel any
Democrat who claims to support women's
empowerment and our national security
but opposes her nomination is a total
hypocrite interesting how someone's
gender is now a factor when selecting a
new CIA had great argument as well
that's like telling all black people all
white people to only vote for the
candidate of their skin color and people
aren't buying that argument torture
Sarah to choose the reason why she's not
qualified you ridiculous Trump loving
idiots feminism is about ensuring that
women have the same rights and
opportunities as men
it also means holding women as
accountable as man I oppose any torturer
male or female for CIA director that's
like saying if you claim to be a groom
on but refused to eat one of Jack the
Ripper's prime cuts of meat you're a
hypocrite women's empowerment is about
getting the right woman nominated for
the job not just one with seniority now
Gina who apparently had
no problem torturing tied up suspects is
allegedly squeamish about the
confirmation hearing all those tough
questions and then public might prove
too much but Trump has her back don't
tell me it doesn't work to what your
works ok folks don't you know I have
these guys torture doesn't work believe
me it works ok Trump was applauded for
that and many are of course against
Haspel and for their troubles they're
targeted with this president Trump is
nominated Haspel to leave the CIA but
Rand Paul is opposing her confirmation
falsely accusing her of torturing bin
Laden's right-hand
Abu Zubaydah Haspel did exactly what her
country asked of her and what was
necessary to keep us safe
call Rand Paul reminded he's in
Washington to represent us not in
fortunately those resisting on Capitol
Hill aren't alone 109 retired generals
and admirals have urged the US Senate to
reconsider given her ties to you know
torturing human beings as retired
general and flag officers of the United
States military
we are deeply troubled by the prospect
of someone who appears to have been
intimately involved in torture being
elevated to one of the most important
positions of leadership in the
intelligence community with this much
opposition to Gina hospitals nomination
the job is still far off but make no
mistake if the former torturer gets the
job despite everything many many people
will cheer and applaud
you
