hi there I'm max Kaiser this is the
Kaiser report and let's check in with
stacy herbert right now and find out
what's going on
stacy max i have some interesting data
here regarding the whole facebook
remember the whole delete facebook
hashtag delete facebook because facebook
sold all our data are private personal
information to cambridge analytical and
then use that apparently to influence us
to act against our better judgment and
vote for trump and things like that they
say they illage we've also seen lots of
boycotts of various products because
this is was something that you and i
have talked about here in Kaiser report
is this new trend to outrage and
boycotting everything around you and
this is sort of like a Karl Marx Ian
selling the rope to hang yourself and
but first I'm gonna look at actually the
size of these those fangs there's
actually there the app and a good fate
oh good a goo face app a goo face
okay Apple Amazon Google and Facebook
from April 2018 the combined market cap
is 2.8 trillion dollars that's Apple
Amazon Google and Facebook
in April 2008 max just 10 years ago they
were a combined 320 billion so that's a
huge increase nearly tenfold increase in
the 10 years killing me softly with your
likes killing me softly I believe
Facebook's market share is increasing
despite all the brouhaha concerning its
surveillance technology that they sell
the highest bidder including foreign
governments but yeah the multi
trillion-dollar market cop of these
companies is a testament to the nature
of the platform the platform is now
superseded the nation-state
Facebook's got with 2 billion users
that's bigger than China so it's the
biggest kind of entity there is in the
world has ever been in the world and
probably ever be in the world and there
you get a penny on every eyeball you
know you rack up a lot of dollars same
thing with these other Fang stocks or
Moo goo gai pan whatever you describe
them
pama goofy I'm a goof a switch is it can
my new restaurant new hipster restaurant
we're gonna have artisanal app' goo face
crepes served with homegrown broccoli
Spears no you get it you get it you can
download all these on an app on your
phone and they stare at it all day you
become a goo face good yeah yeah yeah
you need an emoji see the what are the
language quickly devolved into the
language of platform speak so that we
live now as fractured atomized entities
our individual sovereignty has been
destroyed we're no longer human in that
sense we're part of the network we're
becoming insects in sexual as an insect
you know ever wonder why the ants and
the bees and the things they know what
to do when to do it because they're tied
into a network the ant network that be
networked humans are going from
individuals the squirrels are the bane
of our existence they are always so
they're part of the inch they're part of
that network so we're becoming network
that I just saw a you guy has a thing on
his ear where he can access Google
database using his mind to conjure up
answers that was at MIT they did some
sort of experiments where they got read
a guy's mind but you know in terms of
this Facebook Google all these sort of
things is what has emerged over the past
10 years a Matt Stoller has done great
work on this and we've covered his work
about the Ola gobble ization and the
Millat monopolies these guys have on
essentially what used to be back in the
1700's and 1800's in America the talents
squared people would go there and
congregate or they were congregated at
the coffee shop or the beer hall and
they would talk and they would talk
about politics and they would talk about
you know the Constitutional Congress and
things like this but nowadays you don't
do that you meeting and talk to your
family on Facebook and stuff like that
and I've been kicked off Facebook it's a
long story but you know I realize now
that I don't have a lot of the contact
details for all my family only on
Facebook do I have access to them and
now I've been cut off I've been cut off
and I can't speak to my family
Facebook is denying me access to my
family I feel like I'm in prison and I
don't they they're not allowed to come
see me
this is what it feels like was it
dystopian ISM as described by George
Orwell in 1984 things go down the memory
hole so you replace your physical
contact and the physical newspapers and
letter writing with the digital
experience which is then being deleted
and controlled by the platform masters
and by the surrogate deities that we've
now empowered yeah and with our own
ideology that is that you know in
America we don't have state media we
don't have we have a constitution which
guarantees your right to assembly and
stuff like that but in this digitized
world and financialized world its
corporations that own it and then the
theory is that while corporations have
the right to exclude you from their
private property but if their private
property is the public domain now that's
where people congregate and meet and
that's where you go and assemble it
becomes a very difficult story so people
don't understand two things number one
the value of story and the value of
public domain so the value of story you
talked about the Town Square and giving
news at the Town Square because there
was an ongoing story that people could
relate to and then hear news and then
understand how it is to be weighed and
contextualized per the story of their
life but we don't live in an era of a
narrative that's linear anymore we live
in a fractured story environment like a
Quinton Tarantino film like Pulp Fiction
on steroids everything is happening in
real time simultaneously from a hundred
different vectors so we don't really
have one continuous story that we live
we live in many many different stories
simultaneously we know we have a
different life and different apps I'm
somebody different in telegrams so many
different and whatsapp I'm somebody
different on Twitter I'm so many
different in my emails I'm five or so
I'm essentially a symbol of a fractured
personality is now due rigor to exist in
this multifaceted multi-platform world
but the expense of humanity and which is
why I'm constantly troubled by the
robots that are in encroaching onto the
public domain which leads me to my
second point about the public domain the
Constitution the United States
essentially in its rawest must the in
the base
I'm fundamental and foundational it is
about the public domain that being that
that there is no tyranny there is no
dictator there is no potentate there is
only the public domain that is the
guardian of our liberties and our life
but this idea has been destroyed through
the corporate takeover of the public
domain this is why when they we've
collectively agreed to that that the
public domain is branded Google or
Facebook or Twitter and that they have
the right to exclude you from that
public domain greatest attributes of
America are the public parks like Miu
cemani in the other areas the
anarcho-capitalist is say while all
competition is great we should drill in
those public parts Hey don't understand
the Constitution B don't understand the
value of human the human experience C
are working for the robots and D are
enemies to be exterminated with extreme
prejudice
well of course a lot of
anarcho-capitalist found the ideas
behind that are the likes of John Law
and Adam Smith who would have told you
that nature you have to mimic nature
Marcos should mimic nature and that's
good to preserve some nature before we
destroy it all to the highest bidder but
I want to also talk about Facebook so
this I told you about the hashtag delete
Facebook and that actually hasn't worked
out so well
well what crisis Facebook added 48
million new users in 2018 according to
data just released by the social
networking giant user growth has
actually been surging in fact during the
first three months of 2018 Facebook
added an impressive 48 million daily
active users da US which is actually
larger than the population of Argentina
and a lot of other countries the company
reported a total of one point four four
nine billion dowse by March 31st 2018 so
it seems like that old adage what is it
something like there's a no publicity as
bad publicity
so let's explain something about
Facebook you know we grew up with the
understanding that the average person
uses something like less than 10% of
their brain so that 90% that's being
unused
is being used by facebook access to your
unused brain I mean if you look at
Bitcoin for example it's a way to cobble
together the CPU or computer power of
that you know right to maintain a
network it's Facebook uses your brain to
maintain their network so people but
they're involuntarily joining Facebook
the same way you would involuntarily
sneeze or involuntarily your heart would
beat or your blood circulates through
your body you are involuntarily joining
Facebook now to join the corpus of the
interconnected foe humanity surrogate
that we are now falling into like
lemmings into a black hole of our own
unconscious Satanist worshipping the
same out during the trials Mark
Zuckerberg came out as Satan well he
they did admit that they track people
who are not on Facebook they tracked
your friends if you post look at Richard
Stallman who of course if you've know
Richard Stallman he's extremely
unwilling to voluntarily give his
private information to any corporation
that's why he doesn't use browsers to
browse the Internet he accesses it in a
crazy way that only an original hacker
could do but he's got several Facebook
pages nothing to do with him he of
course would never create a Facebook
page but if you go there and search for
Richard Stallman there's several pages
there all these photos of him there's
all sorts of information about his
travels where he spoken because people
post stuff to Facebook on his behalf
that he doesn't want there he didn't
give anybody permission to do that but
they have a lot of information on him
for example we're defenseless against
Facebook as if any clinical psychologist
would tell you like Jordan Peterson for
example he's very popular now he's a
clinical psychologist he makes some very
profound truths stated that for the mind
controversial statements that a lot of
people may view as but that the mind is
seek status you know it's a constantly
like a gimlet in your brain that
monitors your status 24 in every second
of every day and you feel other ballasts
are unbalanced based on your status
seeking so this idea of getting
followers and getting likes it goes
directly into the
brain unfiltered by any societal
construct it's going to rightly into the
directly into the lizard brain and as a
result we all become Raptors it's like
the behavior on the Internet is so
atrocious it's because people have
forsaken anything that do with
civilization or humanity they're simply
reacting to their lizard brains as
jordan Peterson might describe and in a
paraphrase of course and the result is a
dystopian 1984 Orwellian nightmare that
we're all living and it's accelerating
because again the final bit of data here
regarding this face book the results for
the first quarter even more surprising
is that Facebook's rate of growth
actually improved during their period
Dow's da use boosted three point four
two percent during the first quarter
which is more than the two point one
eight percent rate reported during the
last quarter of 2017 October through
December and their income is also
accelerating based on these people you
know watching the Facebook and studying
and looking to improve their status well
humans are becoming extinct especially
with the rise of synthetic and
artificial semen and synthetic and
artificial eggs will have basically a
breed of quasi human cyborg being grown
in the lab and the meat space that we
all live will become completely obsolete
and that's happening in real time it's
happening faster than anyone's willing
to admit so you won't need the National
Parks for these people to copulate they
don't need nature they don't need the
woods they don't need the trees they
don't need fresh air if we're AI then
and tapped into Facebook we don't need
any that we just need a photo on
Facebook on a status update that's right
and a few Disney DVDs well we got to go
to the second half much more coming your
way don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Boulder
Colorado and speak with Michael Krieger
of Liberty
blitzkrieg calm Michael is the poet
laureate of the debt apocalypse Michael
welcome back wow that was really kind of
you max I that's that's the best
description of my work I've ever heard
thank you all right well let's get into
it
now you've written a extensive four-part
series talking about the road to 2025
and we're gonna get into that a second
but first your thoughts on Facebook's
results they just reported some results
they were showing great growth Americans
signed up in increasing numbers to their
social media network despite all the
news about the data being sold for
spying purposes what are your thoughts
on this yeah it's it's it's depressing
but unsurprising you know it's one of
these things that people people just
become so reliant on Facebook and so
addicted to it I mean I think you know
that it's been proven that Facebook is
extremely addictive so you know people
can't stop looking at it they're totally
connected they feel like they would lose
a part of themselves if they got off of
Facebook and you know I even have
personal experiences in my life with
people who were outraged by what came
out and they're still on Facebook so you
know there were a lot of public people
saying they deleted Facebook but then as
far as people in my everyday life you
know I don't really actually know anyone
that deleted Facebook because of this so
circle breaks testimony before Congress
seemed interesting and he used a lot of
word smithing to get around the idea
that they are spying on people in
Congress I don't think really stepped up
because domestic spying of this type is
illegal they should be in jail at this
moment Congress seems to have failed
your thoughts oh yeah I mean well Kyle
has Congress done anything they can't
even they can't even handle war anymore
you know the president just goes and
strikes countries and Congress doesn't
even say anything so I think Congress to
me is sort of like this vestigial organ
it doesn't even do anything I don't even
know why we have a Congress other than
to pretend we have a democracy at this
at this stage but yeah
look Facebook the the craziest thing
with that is the fact that you could not
even have a Facebook account and
Facebook has got on you just through
your friends so the whole the whole
thing is out of control
nobody knows how to stop it or nobody
cares how to stop it and yeah it's I
mean it's a depressing reality but one
of the things I've said from for a long
time is you know for me I think our
answer and it might it's probably gonna
take a while it might take a whole
nother generation it's not addicted to
Facebook but we need to get to social
media should be open-source code that's
that's my big thing and I think any
social the fact that human beings are
willing to exist on a platform like
Facebook with these this for-profit that
consists of these hidden black box
algorithms that you have no idea what's
going on behind the scenes I think is
crazy actually I think it's totally
crazy so hopefully we'll move on as a
species to something better
Facebook seems like the worst solution
to connecting with people around the
world okay so you're talking about open
source network let's put this into
context a little bit you know the free
open source software movement otherwise
known as Foss was something really
started in a big way by our good friend
who's named Richard Stallman who was
very active in this space we've had him
on the show before the idea that open
source should really be prevalent in the
internet and in cyberspace as opposed to
these walled gardens and of course
through the open source project we've
seen various projects we've seen the
rise of such open source projects as
Bitcoin etc but you started out on Wall
Street you started out as a financial
guy and now you're talking about open
source software and what's the
transition there so in other words the
question being that you are open source
is not really a profit motivated
technology for the most part you know
it's like Linux and other open source
projects they're not profit driven it's
more of a community driven
it's a communitarian project if you will
whereas Wall Street obviously is red
blooded private enterprise is there a
natural transition to this michael is it
it wasn't it break in your the way you
think or is there it was there a
by step way you got to this point
Michael yeah a great question so
definitely a step by step process as you
know you know being on Wall Street a lot
of people like to say you know the
reasons for being there but let's be
honest you know 99.9% of people that are
on Wall Street continue to be on Wall
Street for one reason and one reason
only that's to make a lot of money and
so you know it's it's sort of you're not
thinking altruistically at all you're
thinking about how much money can I make
within the system to do whatever I want
with that money later on so yes to
switch from that to to the idea of open
source opens our software seems like a
huge lead but for me yeah I was a
multi-step process first it was a
financial crisis which opened my eyes to
how fraudulent the system was the fact
that people that were sitting on Wall
Street who who were the last people that
should be getting bailed out were
getting bailed out and then I started to
dig deeper and I saw that the whole
system was essentially predatory and
rigged and so that you know that was
like the first moment that opened my
eyes but then Bitcoin being open source
code is what really made me realize the
power of this sort of a movement because
if you think about it one of the main
skepticisms that people have about
Bitcoin when they first hear about it is
well there's a backdoor so you know
there's malicious code or etc like
conspiracy theories like that but but
the fact that it is open and free is is
is a huge selling point to Bitcoin
because you can always retort to those
people and tell them listen the code is
there it's all open that people have
been pouring through it for nearly a
decade now
so um so I think that's really crucial
when it comes to things that are
fundamental to humanity so if we're
talking about money I put money up there
with water and food and you could say
the same thing about peer-to-peer
communication the idea the idea that you
need a profit motive to provide plot a
platform for human beings around the
world to talk to one another to me seems
ridiculous and and I think that I think
that a profit motive and closed you know
proprietary code makes sense in in
plenty of things but as far as human
beings communicating with each other
freely around the world that's something
that I think should be open source right
so now you were really one of the first
Wall Street guys to really pick up on
Bitcoin before Josh Brown picked up on
it before
a lot of other folks who on Wall Street
picked up on Bitcoin you were already
writing about it for Zero Hedge which is
widely read in the total financial
community around the world and I wanted
to ask you a little bit about Bitcoin
itself because you do have a place in
the community I think that's unheralded
to some degree because you're not
actually widely quoted in the Bitcoin
community and yet I think you are one of
the most important people in the Bitcoin
community if you look at the civil war
that goes on between Bitcoin and Bitcoin
cash for example or the rise of altcoins
privacy coins etc what's your state of
the crypto community market as a whole
you know putting your wallstreet hat on
for a second can you give us kind of an
oversight about that Michael sure so one
of the things that oh thanks for your
kind comments on Bitcoin yeah I wasn't
as early as you but yes I've been
talking about since 2012 because I you
know the WikiLeaks blockade and how they
were able to get around that with
Bitcoin but as far as that as far as the
sort of debate I think one of the things
we need to really recognize is when it
comes to be cash they tend to appeal to
Authority a little bit much for example
whether it's Roger there or this idea
that the fake stato she was the real
Satoshi and he blesses Bitcoin you know
be cash always made me very
uncomfortable besides the fact that it
was always obvious that Craig Wright was
just a horrible character and a liar so
you know for me you know the the the
Bitcoin Bitcoin itself not be cash
really impressed me last year by the
fact that it was able you know the
community essentially the grassroots the
the rabble rousers on Twitter were able
to successfully push back against these
seizes and miners to to adhere to the
principles that they believe it and you
know as someone who was on Wall Street
for ten years and has been an observer
of the world my entire life how often do
you ever see the grassroots win I mean
never happens and I felt like last year
in that scaling debate that the
grassroots right the vocal kind of
yapping you know people with no money
behind them except for passion and and a
and a will to keep Bitcoin decentralized
actually won this argument so that's
really encouraging and it's something
that I can't remember seeing in any
other aspect of governance politics
geopolitics finance bailouts etcetera so
that's where I think it's most important
yeah the grass roots which would include
you know one of my favorite shows world
Krypton Network you've got tone Vaes and
you've got mad about bitcoins and the
vortex and people who I know from there
handles and not their actual names also
trace Mayer who I believe you met with
recently is one of the very earliest
adopters of Bitcoin and he's a guy is
that correct you did meet with trace
recently and you know what are your
thoughts about trace I think the trace
is really one of the most key and
important figures in this space and
you're a trusted source and a Wall
Street guy what were your thoughts a
trace yeah so you're right there was a
great denver Bitcoin meetup we had where
a lot of the names you just mentioned
were there which is which was great
because I'd never met any of them we had
them adam meister the bitcoinmeister
hoffman vortex was there Thomas Hunt of
Nomad bitcoins and then trace Mayor of
course so yeah it was great to meet all
these characters world crypto net sort
of mafia I hang out with them well yeah
no trace is a very very interesting guy
very instrumental to Bitcoin need to
have a tray a mayor multiple named after
him and it was it was fun to you know
watch him address the crowd and you know
I what I find so interesting about him
in particular because I I come from a
similar pedigree let's say as far as you
know being into gold and and coming to
Bitcoin because we were so we were so
passionate about how how how criminal
and and nefarious the the US dollar you
know Fiat Federal Reserve central
banking and general system is and he's
coming to Bitcoin from that exact same
spot so we we have a lot of similarities
in that regard and and he was so early
as well you know again it's it you have
to respect that
because as you know a lot of gold bugs
you know they stole their head in the
sand like ostriches refusing to even you
know consider that Bitcoin has a place
in a post fiat currency world so yeah it
was great to meet him was great to meet
all them alright now as I mentioned at
the top you've written a series called
the road to 2025 and we want to talk
about it and I'm gonna hold you over for
another segment but we've got about a
minute left here but let's start talking
about the road to 2025 so first of all
set it up for us what what is this
series that you've created over there I
think it's probably linked from Zero
Hedge give us a little bit of a set up
sure absolutely so basically um I'm
talking about how the next you know
let's say six and a half years are gonna
be a period where you're gonna see more
geopolitical transformations and how the
world is sort of structured on a
geopolitical basis since world war two
because since World War two you've had
you've essentially had a unipolar
American Empire dominated world and my
view is that by 2025 that will
completely be over and it's not to say
the u.s. won't play an important role I
think it will but it will play a much
less important
right so multipolar world
we're heading into u.s. dollar losses
status as world reserve currency the
rise of Asia and other blocks so this is
a good place to cut it off here we're
gonna hold you over for another segment
and but thanks for being on this episode
of the Kaiser report Michael Krieger of
Liberty blitzkrieg calm sounds great all
right well that's gonna do it for this
edition of the Khans report with me max
Kaiser and Stacy the one and only
Herbert I want to thank Michael Krieger
from Liberty blitzkrieg dot-com if you
want to catch us on Twitter
it's Kaiser report but I must say
goodbye so I'll say goodbye goodbye
