you see you
dami eager spider ladies and gentlemen
tonight's Saturday's inauguration
ceremony presidential a presidential
standard are now brought in
yes the orchestra forms a slow march
President presidential standards is
brought in and there's also the name of
the president that support on the poll
all D standard and as the president his
oath the a copy of the standard will be
raised on top the grand
what's interesting is that the uniform
of the standard bearers was designed to
be before the Revolution of 1917 right
now the standard barriers moving along
this and George's Hall then Alexander
Nevsky is full and then through Andrews
and rescues order was the only awards
that existed in all the three periods
set of Russian statehood such during
those Emperor's times during Soviet
times and and modern Russian history
ascent Andrews Hall has been named after
andrew the first-called and this is
where the oath-taking ceremony will take
place we have a lot of young faces come
here not just officials from crass
Russian from Tatarstan Crimea and other
places you have from an int Russian
athletes and cultural figures and they
also have some of the some of those who
have been awarded with orders and
fire-making diplomats overall you have
3,000 people and you also have two
thousand on Sabourin s square so in
total it's 5000 people
the Constitution of the Russian
Federation is brought in and the
embassies of the President of the
Russian Federation
if she's not sure look you oughta give
this out again it's in the interior the
hall is decorated in line with us in
George's band well we're more after the
constitutional paraphernalia the emblem
of the president includes the stamp of
the Order and the slogan of the order is
benefits corner glory talk about
Constitution the emblem is stalled in
the Senate's building of the Kremlin but
now it's being brought into the Grand
Kremlin Palace so first you have st.
George's Hall then sent Alexander Nevsky
school and then st. Andrews Hall
and as you can see son Alexander Nevsky
is full right now and then we have some
Andrews and let's talk about the people
who are in st. Andrews Hall we have the
president shortest rally combined choir
these are the people who will sing the
anthem of Russia the Constitution and
the emblem of the president will be
placed on the stand
that's where Russian president will take
his oath
and the Speaker of the year Federal
Assembly of the Federation Council of
the Russian Federation Valentina
matviyenko Speaker State Duma of the
Russian Federation that just love the
Laden the chairman of the Constitutional
Court of the Russian Federation
Valery zorkin
mr. Nam is an ellipse so we have the
speaker's of the Federation Council the
Speaker of the State Duma and the
chairman of the Constitutional Court
again you have the separation of powers
the division of the executive power the
judicial power and cert the legislative
power the head of the executive power is
the president is in the Kremlin but
right now he's in his official office
and he will come down in a couple of
minutes time
he chose primo my video could be near
president right now we are in the office
of Vladimir puttin he's getting the
message that everything is set and ready
for the oath-taking ceremony last time
president was elected after he was a
prime minister and so he took a car from
the White House the official office of
the Russian government to the Kremlin
now he's passing through the corridors
of the Kremlin this is a unique chance
to get a glimpse of where Russian
President Vladimir Putin works
dr. ammonia suggesting ojou-sama boys
were presidents left his office now on
his way to San Andres Hall actually the
Kremlin has an apartment for the
president which means that a president
spends a lot of time both in his office
and also working there and also some
time off
I see chest dome endogenous Batali's the
pointers token as you can see this is a
very unusual car from this day on my 7th
2018 the Russian president will use a
russian-made car so will not share the
technical specifications of this new car
but they will be made public in the next
couple of days
as you can see car is driving along
given oscar square c the belfry
the tsar cannon and as our bell and
there's the Kommandant of the moscow
kremlin waiting outside the Grand
Kremlin palace
presents Russian Federation general
hammock of reporting just president of
the state but you're posting president
climb the stairs this is a very famous
stand the band will perform a special
tune our president that was composed two
specifically for the face event
Alexandrian and s keys motto those who
cometh with sword and you die from the
sword those in the waiting in the halls
of the Grand Kremlin palace will soon
see Vladimir Putin
you
according to section 1 of article 82 of
the Constitution of the Russian
Federation the president of the Russian
Federation takes the oath of office and
assuming powers of the president mr.
Putin please take the oath of office in
executing the office of President of the
Russian Federation I solemnly swear to
respect and protective rights and
liberties of men and of the citizen to
observe and protect the Constitution of
the Russian Federation to defend the
sovereignty and independence security
and integrity of the state and to
faithfully serve the people volodymyr
Putin has taken the office of President
of Russia
President of the Russian Federation
Vladimir Putin citizens of Russia ladies
and gentlemen dear friends I welcome all
the citizens of our great country and
our compatriots living abroad all those
watching a listening to this broadcast
all who are present here in the halls of
the Kremlin and on Cathedral Square
taking the office of President of Russia
I realize the tremendous responsibility
that lies on my shoulders my
responsibility to all of you to our
multi-ethnic people my responsibility to
Russia the great country and thousand of
years of its history to our ancestors
was their labor their courage their
diligence the way they loved our country
that set an example for all of us how we
should love our country how we should
lock Russia I believe it is my duty to
do my best for Russia for its present
and for its future for peace and
prosperity for our nation to continue
living and developing for every Russian
family I assure you that the goal of my
life of my work as always will be to
serve our people to save our motherland
this is above everything else to me from
the bottom of my heart I thank you for
our unity we can change a lot of things
for the better together once again I
would like to thank all of you for your
sincere support
in the presidential election and I think
this is a great political capital and
strong foundation this support fills me
with hope that Russia will continue
growing and developing and people Russia
will be living dead or any better this
is also important for us to secure our
position in the international arena
and domestically Russia should be modern
and dynamic Russia should be ready to
rise up to the challenges of time and
respond to them energetically we should
develop our leadership in the areas
where we have always been strong and we
should focus and work hard in the areas
where we are yet to achieve desirable
results the areas where we have not yet
done enough our path forward is always
difficult it's not easy but there is
only one mistake that history will never
forgive us if we're self if we are
relaxed in today's special today at this
turning point when the whole world is
going through a lot of changes we have
many decisions we need to take these are
historical decisions which will
determine the future of our country for
decades to come we have a lot of hard
work to do and our entire society each
one of us will have to pull this way
together all all the people who care
about Russia come together we need to
achieve a breakthrough in all the
different areas of life and I strongly
believe that only a free society that is
open to new things can do that we should
reject injustice bureaucracy
all those things which stop people from
fulfilling their potential and limits
their aspirations for the future dear
friends this year will mark 25 years of
the Russian Constitution the
Constitution emphasizes the priority of
people's rights and liberties this
harmony of free citizens and responsible
society is a strong foundation for
Russia's future development we coped
with the difficult economic problems we
realize that we should change as the
world changes at the same time we should
stick to our roots to history our
multi-ethnic culture we realize that the
beauty and strength of Russia is in our
national identity and unity we learn to
protect our interests we are once again
proud of our country and our values
today we need to preserve our
achievements and of course this is
foundation for us to move onward of
course we should go along with the
global changes no obstacles should stand
in our way preventing us from
determining our future ourselves we
should make all our bold plans and
aspirations come true we're open for
dialogue together with our partners we
will promote our integration processes
we will develop our scientific and
cultural and other ties we want equal
and fair cooperation with all the
different countries of the world for the
sake of peace and stability on our
planet Russia is a strong player in the
international arena security of our
country is safeguarded and we will
continue
devoting sufficient attention to these
issues but currently we need to focus
first and foremost on our domestic
developmental issues to achieve
scientific and technological
breakthrough we need to become
competitive in the areas that will
determine the future new quality of life
prosperity security health this these
are the things we need to focus on today
these are the central values of our
policies we want to Russia to be a
country for our people I strongly
believe that such global goals and daily
things that we face in our everyday life
are very closely related this is how we
need to develop benchmarks for our
future development we need trust in our
society each person should realize that
we all have to get engaged if we want
our country to renew nobody else will do
this work for us transformation depends
on all of us the people of Russia be
more people whatever they are profession
or status might be the more people
realize the importance of their
engagement of their involvement in these
transformations the more successful will
be moving forward of course the federal
and local government bodies will play a
particularly important role here they
should treat people's complaints with
the care they need to respond and react
immediately we need to expand freedoms
for
our businessmen intrapreneurs artists
all people who seek novelty in
development this is the foundation for
Russia's development so I expect our
young people to come up with new ideas
new approaches they should be the
pioneers of change
I hope our young people will be
committed to the daily use of justice
and fairness their skills the experience
of all the generations of course will
also be very useful to our young people
all those who care about our country
should come together to achieve our
goals to achieve breakthrough in science
and technology to implement large-scale
plans to renovate our cities our
region's our social policies will be
focused on the needs of every person
every Russian family we will improve the
quality of education and health care
we will pay special attention to
supporting traditional family values
maternity supporting children we want
Russia to have as many talented and
healthy children as possible our
children will build our country in the
years to come they will achieve even
greater success than their parents they
will respect and continue the history of
our motherland dear friends as the head
of state I will do my best to make
Russia prosperous and glorious country
to justify the expectations of our
people we remember how in the 1990s as
necessary transformations were taking
place our people had to go through very
difficult times and we have not fully
recovered from that period yet
not all the wounds have healed and life
comes up with new challenges new
difficulties and we will have to work
hard to respond to those we have no time
to waste but we all remember that in
over a thousand years of our history
Russia faced difficulties a lot of times
and every time every time Russia like
Phoenix would resurrect and reach new
heights
above all others Heights that were
considered unachievable yet they will
become a new stepping stone for our
country to continue on its path forward
and today once again I strongly believe
we will achieve such a breakthrough our
whole country is one big team that can
cope with any difficulty so all these
things should inspire all of us to seek
self fulfillment to work for our
families to work together work hard for
the prosperity of our country and we
will definitely be successful I strongly
believe this is what is going to happen
and I will do my best for this to happen
thank you
the salute is military honor to the
president who is also the
commander-in-chief of the Russian Armed
Forces grades was honored with the first
saluting 1708 the honor of the victory
in your table now you can hear the same
salutes during the victory died the
president will now pass the three holes
and then come to the Cathedral Square to
review the parade
so jealous lava so we can now see again
the belfry and again this is special day
it's the official day of the regiment
and the day of the regiment of the
inauguration the regiment was awarded
with again this is a very famous
regiment and they put on alert on the
22nd of June when Germany invaded its
Union in 1941
what on by Tchaikovsky the various
here's the Grand Kremlin tell us where
the first thought of the ceremony
included now we are going to see the
second class 3,500 people in the Grand
Palace and there also 1500 that were
waiting outside the crowd of people
Seadrill square dance key we can see
these colonists of the kremlin regiment
just any consist of people who were
invited from civil society organizations
veterans association host of other
public organizations walking along and
you have also the military assistant
walking past the president
the priority in the shelleyf is close
buddies are passed mr. president to the
whole new clone command rishi prasad yet
she is cable machine was called rocket
row mesa/boogie yes the head of security
the president will use this passage to
come out to Cathedral Square to greet
the visitors and review the troops
during the parade presence and the crowd
you have a lot of the youth
organizations student clubs Muslim and
Orthodox religion and also you have
representatives Jewish groups also heads
of electoral commission president makes
his appearance on Cathedral Square
dress ranks tension
President of the Russian Federation the
presidential regiment to honor the
inauguration he's set and ready cannot
lacking report English
well thermal areas for images that we
could have silly said yeah a bruiser
Vanya polka
oh yeah Sarah Marshall up there nobody
you know just time to you know pry Oh
Napoli chop well here in the brother
as we said this is the second
anniversary of this regiment now
actually these regiment roots go back
even further than that it became
officially a resin regiment in 1936
regiment also has an important
diplomatic function Roosevelt also had a
chance to review the troops of this
regiment and the honor cavalry Corps
which is also part of this regiment in
two days later Russia we mark a victory
day we've a great parade on Red Square
his regiment demonstrates his trail
skills
he's a pariah it is really amazing as we
said 1500 people are there
Cathedral Square many people for the
younger generation you can hear here we
have people from in Russia's south
murals from Far East from the West and
again a lot of young people boys and
girls
now this is the calories court I
mentioned earlier seed now and your
screens sumption Cathedral along
Cathedral Square horseshoes are special
here a very important detail the
horseshoes are made in a way to make
special sound when moving on the staff
and the stones of Cathedral Square this
is the most historic that plays in the
Kremlin lots of historical figure is
barriers in the cathedrals nearby be the
fruits now and is now moving to shake
hands with young people you've done a
lot for the country thank you it's great
that we have an opportunity to express
ourselves compress our potential
we stand together with you thank you so
much such a pleasure that you've invited
us great to be here
thank you very much once again thank you
thank you very much mr. president
thank you this was a very good chance
for the young people to get involved
working together with your campaign and
we supported you
thank you thank you very much we will
continue all those projects we will
consider how to make the more diverse
and more interesting we really need
these kind of young people to work with
us I think you know that after this
leaders of Russia competition we've
achieved some very good results and some
of those people were appointed to some
very prominent positions and it's not
something that I instructed those
companies to do they were interested
themselves and they invited all those
young people to work for their
corporations of course it doesn't mean
that all the participants will now work
as deputy ministers or executives but
you know you visited the Teredo forum
last year what about the other forum no
I visited the O forum in 2016 yes and
then he went to a different forum last
year so we really would like to see you
at our forum this year well I won't make
any promises right now but I'll do my
best I'll see if I can come this year
can we take a picture together with you
okay let's let's see if we can work
something out here
thank you thank you very much this
concludes our live broadcast from the
Kremlin broadcast of the inauguration
ceremony
