hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report the robots haven't taken over yet
there's still room to appreciate nature
and all of its glory and in all of its
wonder I like to just rub the bark
against my skin and feel feel nature I
just I'd like to become one with with
the heavens and the earth and the sea
max what I think you're scaring
everybody they were they've tuned into
some old fashion anyway you know
actually you bring up nature and I saw
the atom shift this past week he's that
Democrat who's big on Russia gate but he
came out and said that because of Donald
Trump's irrational and basically
unpredictable nature Kim jong-un has
come to the negotiating table and there
could be peace in the Korean Peninsula
but you know I also wanted to look at
another story relating to Donald Trump
and his era is unpredictable nature and
that is in terms of the sanctions that
were placed on Russo in the aluminum
producer er if you're in the UK the
aluminium producer that that the
unpredictable nature of setting up
barriers or dams in the flow of
commodities and free trade is often
unpredictable as he found out he you hit
by massive aluminum shortage Trump
considers easing sanctions this is from
Euro intelligence and miss headlock is
talking about it and he they point out
that the big story over the weekend is
the clear and present danger that US
sanctions against Russia pose for
Europe's manufacturing industry the FT
has the story that the EU faces imminent
supply shortages of raw aluminum and
aluminum oxide one of the companies
targeted by the sanctions as the Russian
aluminum supplier rusul on which the EU
depends for its aluminum supplies the
price for aluminum have skyrocketed in
the last few days as shortages are
becoming acute it sounds like the
Illuminati get that hey well you know
the global economy is so tightly wound
that these sanctions don't work like
they used to because the supply chains
are completely overlapping
and what is a sanction in one country
drives economic problems in another
country that you're not trying to
sanction so forget sanctions it's no
longer workable there
the global economy has become too
integrated and too fragile it's too
interdependent on each other
be just like the forest just like the
ocean just like every but yeah I mean
that's the point is that since the 1990s
early 1990s America has led this Empire
basically of global trade and it's
dependent on globalization and it's
depended on you know we're also entering
a trade war with China for example and
the fact is that a lot of goods around
you I'm a huge percentage of consumer
goods in America come from China so part
of our power as a nation King from
opening up markets around the world but
then we also see the fragility of having
nationalistic policies it's not really
possible to have nationalistic policies
in a day and age of hyperglobalisation
we're changing you know supply chains
are so wound together and so last-minute
well some some predictability that is an
asset because it forces everyone to
adapt in real time and to think and be
present in the moment
remember that blind faith is predictable
and it leads toward dead ends of
predictability whereas having more doubt
and a more science-based mind results in
more multitude of solutions that's
what's kept humans spinning for millions
of years that's what keeps life going in
the cosmic dimensions unpredictability
mutations drive evolution not the same
cycle of predictability that would
create monocultures and evolutionary
dead ends stasis and death
so trump is political equivalent of the
duck-billed platypus that arrives on the
scene to baffle us all
and yet survives in the wild I'm gonna
say that word again I know all our
British viewers and we have many of them
are going crazy now at me saying
aluminum aluminum aluminum over and over
and they're driving I'm driving medium
is is the word used to describe the
white of an egg it doesn't refer to a
base metal or a commodity Brits are know
nothing of the English language they're
the only people that use that phrase
so such bottlenecks are evidence of the
e use acute dependence on both Russia
and the US EU diplomats are now begging
the Trump administration to exempt
aluminum from the sanctions France is
leading an effort by EU countries to get
the u.s. to ease its sanctions against
Moscow and also the article goes on to
say that the EU is also heavily reliant
on China as well I saw an article by the
way this past week where the China has a
new term they actually loaded up a train
full of cargo from China and it's now
the first time going across by rail and
that's gonna basically cut like two
weeks off or three weeks off of the
delivery time transport time sanctions
against Russia were a figment of MSNBC's
imagination and the propaganda spewed by
Rachel Maddow that's now all been
discredited and debunked in the wake of
the Russia Gate hoax which is now widely
understood to be purely a trick to
confound Americans into supporting yet
another war but the nature as we're
talking about the nature of a free
market globalized system is that you
can't have barriers you can't have
censorship you can't censor you can't
create a swift global financial system
based on your dollar and want the world
to have a u.s. dollar standard for
example and then start saying no we
don't want you to participate no we
don't want you to participate and that
person can naturally exclusive yes
either wanna have a global trade system
with a dollar reserve currency or you
don't you can't have selectively
picked sanctions that would create choke
points in the dollar reserve global
currency that's what I'm saying
noble free-market system it's not a
financial suicide bomber like Jamie
Dimon he's more of a global trade guy
I think I've got a woody you know I've
got a woody I mean I've got wood I mean
I've got what it's good okay take all
that stuff off our lap you get throw it
away because it's causing me trouble
right now I think people are tired of
that right now don't you want to move on
nature no time for mother nature so I'm
gonna move on to you know we were
talking about the dollar and a lot of
the dollar has facilitated enormous
debts you know the the u.s. is going to
have a trillion dollar trade deficits
you know fiscal deficits for the next
looking out onto the horizon it's gonna
be a trillion two trillion soon but you
know right now while the going is good
everybody is loading up on junk debt and
junk debt is still still had an easy
time last week and member last week what
we saw was a ten-year Treasury yield
soared to over two three percent for the
first time in a few years and yet
jump-ball market had an easy time
Netflix raised billions more than they
expected and it was either they have put
it onto their pile of 8 billion already
in debt you know to fund all the content
that we're watching while sitting at
home well here's another article from
Wulfric dur about the junk bond bubble
peak bubble for junk bonds says wework
bond sale the junk bond market is still
in total bubble blooms simply ignoring
the bloodletting in the Treasury market
that pushed the 10-year yield to 3%
finally for the first time in over four
years
but investors are lusting after higher
yields and companies are taking
advantage of them while they still can
which makes sense particularly if it's a
unicorn with long term lease obligations
out the wazoo
whose net loss which doubled to nearly 1
billion is bigger than its revenues so
they did a 500 million dollar bond
offering there's a lot of crazy a data
in here but you know in terms of this
system this nature of the global
financial system and trade system which
we've been talking about on two sides of
it are the US and China and those two as
the IMF pointed out are the biggest debt
mongers in the world and escalating
rapidly and you have these two sides of
a perhaps precarious ends but that's why
you want in order for a more anti
fragile system maybe not to have so many
barriers and sanctions and and
restrictions and censor
in the way of this that global financial
system all right well I mean to your
point about interest rates if in fact
interest rates are on the way up and the
10-year Treasury bond is over three
percent and heading to a more normalized
five or 6% then junk bond market would
head to a more normalized thirteen to
fourteen percent yes from the current
five percent so these companies like we
work or Netflix are trying to lock in
cheap money now before it becomes a lot
more expensive but as you point out in
the case of we work they've long-term
lease obligations so if in fact rates
spike and the economy slows they're not
going to be able to fill those
properties up with tenants so it doesn't
matter what the price of junk is because
they will be deriving no revenues and
the service the debt at any interest
rate we saw that in the 2007 2008 crisis
is a lot of these banks like Goldman
Sachs we're borrowing long and lending
short overnight to all these like junk
bond basically entities and they ran
into a time it's a classic mistake that
banks make is that this is the bane of
banking is that you don't know how to
handle your maturity book and wrest the
risk associated by being exposed to
different points in in the yield curve
along the from you know overnight money
after thirty-year money so if you know
that they're just applying that too we
work is it's a high risk real estate
play disguised as startup exactly right
but once they that reality hits the fan
it could implode Netflix is spending
billions on content assuming that you
know that that they will be able to
increase prices to account for that
increase in debt service which Soph at
this moment it's it's not able to
conclusion yet they're able to however
they the stock is trading at hundreds
and hundreds of times earnings which is
typically not a great thing going back
to this we work there real estate is
very illiquid it's an illiquid market
and that's part of why we saw all the
hyper financialization that happened in
2007 to 2008 based on the subprime
market is you saw that problem of the
maturity thing it's like these 30-year
mortgages where package
to see do is that we're swapping you
know changing Hanover night like several
times here we have the same thing
they're trading like dot-com companies
though in this paragraph here will
remind you of your dot-com days the
prospectus for the bond offering from we
work obtained by Alphaville and the FT
points out that revenues jumped by a
hundred and three percent in 2017 from a
year earlier to 886 million and that the
total expenses jumped one hundred and
eighteen percent to one point eight two
billion based on this well-established
unicorn strategy the net loss in 2017
jumped by a hundred and seventeen
percent year-over-year to nine hundred
and thirty three you know they have to
spend two dollars to gain a dollar
essentially in revenues Amazon you know
they had lost money for years and years
and they now own the market and that's
the strategy so we work or Netflix or
Apple or these other companies they are
willing to take this enormous risk that
they are going to burn through more
money than they have could ever raise to
gain market share it works until it
doesn't work
yeah but Amazon Netflix are genuine
dot-com companies this is a real estate
company which has huge leases long-term
leases whether or not that's going to
right it's like any Lampert over at
Sears thinking is going to be the next
Warren Buffett because of a retail
foundation not understanding that Warren
Buffett is an insurance based foundation
and now Eddie Lampert is near insolvency
and Sears stock has lost ninety five
percent of its value hey we gotta go to
the second half don't go away much more
beauty coming your way
welcome back to the Kaiser report iMacs
ties our time now to go to Dan Collins
in Shanghai he's the author of the China
money report Dan Collins welcome back
emacs's good one very good now Dan the
two Koreas are signing a peace treaty
who will get the Nobel Prize for this
and how is this this being presented in
China well my personal opinion think
maybe Xi Jinping I don't know maybe
Donald Trump maybe the you know the
president of South Korea it's hard to
say right now the news over here is kind
of a you know very great news the end of
the Korean War after in more than 50
years
Kim jong-un says he's gonna completely
denuclearize the north via Korean
Peninsula fantastic news you know on the
skeptic side they said we've seen this
before 2000 year 2007 several two
summits nothing came out of that but I
think we're at a crossroads we have hit
a crossroad here because of the Donald
Trump factor I think because of the
aggressiveness that North that the
United States has shown over the issue I
believe China has finally taken the lead
here and there the puppet masters behind
this piece that we see breaking out in
North Korea well you can't discount the
role of Dennis Rodman in all this I know
it sounds a bit crazy but he did
humanize kim jung-han in a way that no
one had done before and opened the way
really to a dialogue and how will this
play out economically are there any
sectors that will boom as a result of
this in your view Dan early to say but
keep in mind
China is the linchpin for the North
Korean economy 90 percent of their trade
is with China and that trade this year
is down some 60 70 percent because of
sanctions because China's actually put
on the sanctions the North Korean
economy if they let loose couldn't boom
because they're so far behind modern
economies and it's hard to say what
sectors will will will open up will we
see you know how they were the real
question here max is how do
dictatorships die how
does Kim jong-un pull the curtains up
over you no open the curtains on the
world to the North Korean citizens and
still remain in power this that remains
to be that's gonna be a tricky move for
him that's interesting what you're
saying this in other words the sanctions
that China imposed on North Korea seems
to have brought them to a negotiating
table and of course those sanctions I
guess you could say were orchestrated by
Donald Trump and so Donald Trump is
proving his theory that geopolitics can
be seen through the view through the
lens of deal-making and in China of
course where they are dyed-in-the-wool
dealmakers yeah that approach seems to
be working how does it effect on a
broader sense in China in other words
the trade war that's ongoing the
currency war that's ongoing the Trump
relationship with China
where are we at in that relationship
damn yeah well I believe the the China
is actually on the losing side of the
trade war here you've seen a lot of
Chinese companies including the by jewel
makers the the Chinese alcohol they are
heavily reliant on imports or from the
United States so there there's a lot of
companies that have gone now to the
Chinese government are asking for relief
with these new duties that China's put
on American product what I found most
interesting is what China has done to
ZTE the telecom or what the United
States did to ZTE the telecom maker with
the limiting chip exports to Chinese
companies this is a new phase of the
trade war the trade was getting a lot of
press here everybody's talking about it
I think China has pulled back they've
already announced huge opening up in
many sectors is the car the only
automotive sector is now going to open
up electric vehicles there's a lot of
areas now that I think China's gonna
open up their economy and allow more
imports and while at the same time
you mentioned on the geopolitical front
you know they're playing a game of gold
which is you know the ancient Chinese
game lay your stones capture your
territories that's what one belt one
road is that's what the South China Sea
is you saw a US ad
this week max mentioned China now
controls the South China Sea they came
out lately and said that right well you
mentioned the game of Go so this is
another game to throw into the mix along
with chess 4d chess for TD chess
checkers and now go now when you
describe go there - sounds like you're
describing mercantilism which of course
has been the Chinese go to global
economic policy that is just grab as
much global trade as possible from the
other guys in other words they don't
have the idea that all can grow
simultaneously it's about growing at the
expense of your trading partners and of
course under the gold standard that
worked out pretty well because the
accounts were settled in gold and that
you had some consistency in the currency
and the currency was gold but we live in
an age of fiat currency and so it's a
mercantilist policy or a game of go as
he described it does that work in a fiat
currency where people can just print
money all day long in other words
china's weapons here they're buying gold
they are buying gold and they are
expanding through a mercantilist
approach but america's got the federal
reserve they can print money all day
long and they control the dollar which
is the world reserve currency
so is this match up who wins in this
match up down well absolutely I think
the the the last hand the United States
had to play is the the Federal Reserve
the US dollar we see China though taking
that apart the Swift system built off
the from the United States now the
United States is even weaponized a Swiss
system against Russia and in other
countries that's going away Russia China
are building their own Swiss system the
you know we talked about five years ago
max we're way ahead of the curve at the
petrol end I mean set five seven years
ago we're talking about that China
moving oil into renminbi so next phase
is the rememb MBT become a global
currency that's what they're moving fast
on that trying to move all the oil
Shanghai futures oil futures exchange
open you know late last year so as we've
seen more oil contracts go into renminbi
remin be international trade gets
settled more and more in RMB the remedy
will eventually challenge the dollar
toe-to-toe and then all of a sudden it
won't be such a fiat printing game
people are gonna have to are gonna
demand real assets for their fiat money
right so that would imply real assets
for their fiat money which would imply
higher prices for real assets and would
suggest that commodities in the u.s.
like oil would start to trend higher we
are already starting to see the oil
prices creep up that might be a result
of what we're talking about here you
mentioned Russia there of course Russia
and China are establishing the one belt
one road going all across Asia Eurasia
into Russia they're creating this huge
economic zone which will rival the
dollar and interestingly enough that
rumor is that the summit between Donald
Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong would
happen in the city just north of Japan
which happens to be in Russia so how
would that play Dan it seems remarkable
yeah keep in mind Cheney the Chinese
Foreign Minister Wang Yi is now going to
North Korea this week I think they're
laying all the groundwork for the Trump
Kim summit to come and I think they're
laying the groundwork now as I mentioned
I think China does a puppet master
behind this piece but they're gonna give
the credit to Donald Trump and I think
he has a big hand at play in this of
course but yeah I mean the the summit we
will see I think China's already working
behind the scenes they're gonna want to
demand that the to see the nuclear
inspection sites as Kim it takes those
offline what all comes out of the summit
are they gonna ask for American troops
to be withdrawn from South Korea you
know we still have 30,000 troops
sitting in Seoul as pawns in this game
to where if North Korea attacks the
United States would lose thousands of
soldiers and then it's instant game on
you know with the United States so are
they gonna demand withdraw those troops
so far they haven't asked it but it's
gonna be interesting what comes out of
the summit but I think the tone
coming out of Kim and what we saw this
last week with the engagement from South
Korea I think we're at a total new
turning point and I think China's gonna
put North Korea under its wing and the
question I ask is why is North Korea
feels so safe now Lee they want to
evolve from the United States that they
will not be attacked and then they will
denuclearize has China given North Korea
a nuclear shield have they have they
promised North Korea a military support
let's not forget in the Korean War they
lost over a million million soldiers so
they are you know they're in the game
and they're gonna support North Korea
right well yeah as you mentioned the
sanctions I really put a lot of pressure
on North Korea and it seems that Donald
Trump may be looked at the geopolitical
chess board or NGO gorup board and
looked at where the US was wasting the
most money in the military budget and
said he know those troops in South Korea
could probably go home and we could save
a lot of money right there let's get
that in motion and as a result that
brings into play China South Korea and
Russia and as a way to unravel this
enormous military apparatus at the USS
which is half of tax dollars
approximately 1.5 trillion annually goes
into the Pentagon's budget and you know
I think the Pentagon burns 250,000
gallons of oil a day or something
extraordinary it's a thousands or
millions or something unbelievable so
it's an unbelievable drain on energy
resources so just as the single point of
failure or a single point of leverage it
seems like Trump is maybe playing a very
interesting game here now let's move on
to the blockchain a Bitcoin China is
relaxing its heavy-handed response to
Bitcoin is that true what are your
thoughts I think China China has two
views errs there's Bitcoin and then
there's blockchain the blockchain was
actually incorporated in the last fight
strategic five-year plan from the
Chinese government hangzhou April 28
announced a 1.6 billion
our investment fund for blockchain
startups three offices free human
resource support Hangzhou Bank of
Hangzhou is getting involved in loaning
loaning money to blockchain startups
Hangzhou of course the home of Alibaba
its financial and financial is about to
do 150 billion dollar IPO we talked
about it before max China's so far ahead
in fin tech 50 times the rate US has in
mobile payments jin jin has also
announced something similar to compete
with hong jokes Chen Jien the home of
$0.10 and many high tech companies so
China is big on the blockchain the PBOC
People's Bank of China has already done
trial runs with their own cryptocurrency
that leads into
cryptos they are not such a big fan of
because they want to like every other
government they try to control your
money control your life with your leash
which is which is the paper money so you
know I'd be made may have known it there
was a blockchain and FinTech conference
here a few weeks ago which I actually
attended and we were thrown out and
right before lunch the government came
in and literally yelled everyone's got
to go and over a thousand people we had
to exit the conference the morning was
most on fin tech but then when they
started talking about crypto wallets and
how you can get your money out of the
country then it got shut down so yeah
well no kidding I mean we only got a 20
seconds can you make a comment on
Sinochem Sinochem is the Chinese oil
company done the first trial runs with
blockchain with gas imports and exports
where it's completely decentralized and
transparent and all parties involved
will have a record of it so Chinese
companies are moving fast on blockchain
I expect them to be the world's leader
just like they are with mobile payments
alright Dan right of time thanks for
being on the Kaiser report thanks Mick
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy everyone reaches on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye y'all
