Pakistani doctor who helped the CIA
track down and kill the world's most
wanted terrorist Osama bin Laden is
still in prison two years after this
promise from Donald Trump you think you
could get that doctor out yes I do I
think I would get him out in two minutes
I would tell them let him out and I'm
sure they'd let him out in May 2012
Shakil Afridi was sentenced to 33 years
behind bars
he was charged in 2011 for paying money
to the militants of that Luschka Islam
and he was assisting in medical term
that he was making some arrangements for
their meeting in his hospital I met him
in 2012 in June and he said that I am
innocent and the charges they are
totally illegal last week his family
were given a glimmer of hope there were
reports of a possible deal to secure his
release after he was apparently moved to
a secure location because of threats to
his life but according to the Pakistani
Foreign Ministry none of that's true I'm
not aware of any deal regarding dr.
Shakil Afridi on behalf of the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs I can assure you that
he's not being handed over to the US
it's an issue that US officials often
bring up but given the frosty
relationship between Washington and
Islamabad over counterterrorism and
other disputes there's still no sign of
a resolution for shakeela freely we
spoke to the editor of defense and
foreign affairs magazine
Gregory Copley who thinks that dr.
Shakil Afridi is a victim of the CIA's
misleading tactics CIA itself rather
than the US government is the one which
is most embarrassment embarrassed by the
imprisonment of dr. Afridi because
literally dr. Afridi is a victim of the
reality that the CIA absolutely misled
the Pakistan inter-services intelligence
in the hunt for bin Laden they told the
ISI one thing because they didn't trust
the ISI and then went about literally
embarrassing ISI by securing a different
path to finding Osama bin Laden as a
result the Pakistani government was
quite justifiably offended by this lack
of trust between our eyes and
embarrassed that the CIA had done this
without involving I aside
