German police in the southern region of
Baden Wurttemberg have conducted a
large-scale raid on a refugee center
migrants there had earlier obstructed
the authorities from deporting one of
the residents our Europe correspondent
Peter Oliver can bring us up to speed
now on this story
Peter good evening afternoon in fact
where you are tensions clearly running
high there talk estroux just what has
unfolded right well Thursday saw the end
for this saga which resulted in a dawn
raid but it's better if we jump back in
time to Monday for the background on
this they were at the best place to
start anyway what happened worst police
arrived at this refugee centre in
baden-baden bog in the town of el vague
and it's near Stuttgarter a major city
around there they arrived to carry out a
deportation order against a 23 year old
man from Togo while they had him in
handcuffs a crowd started to gather in
the amongst the refugees that crowd got
bigger and bigger and we're told it was
as many as 200 at its largest they were
demanding the release of this Togolese
man they eventually got that release the
police handed him over Lee released him
from his cuffs or at least handed over
the keys and he was released from his
cuffs they then retreated now what we're
hearing from senior police on Thursday
following this dawn raid is that they
cast no aspersions over the conduct of
those officers on Monday they say that
they did exactly what was necessary and
we're glad that they've retreated as
they feared for the safety of those
police we hear from we hear that there
were threats made against the police
should they return to the to the refugee
centre well they did just that on
Thursday morning in very large numbers
we're hearing as many as 200 police
involved in this dawn raid that took
place they took the target of their air
raid into custody along with 17 others
what we know about the man at the center
of this is that he was a it is a
togolese national 23 years old he'd
arrived initially seeking asylum and it
registered in Italy and it's to Italy
that he's intended to be deported that's
under the
the Dublin Treaty in the EU it means
that it went wherever a refugee first
registers their status as a refugee
that's the country they should be in
last the country that has the the
responsibility to look after them he'd
come here to Germany and applied for
refugee status again being denied and
that's why he was being deported back
that's what the crux of this whole
situation now the police have been
accused in some circles have been
heavy-handed on Thursday morning however
senior police figures locally say that
they had to move in in the way they did
to stop this whole situation spiralling
further out of control the securing down
the structures were organized at the
refugee center that apparently ain't
obstruct the authorities work then there
was considerable danger of it emerging
as a lawless area
well so that 23 year old man taken to
another facility along with 17 others
who were detained during that morning
raid we understand some refugees were
treated for injuries after they jumped
from windows also that a number of
police officers have been receiving
medical treatment for mild injuries as
well of course this whole incident is
sparked a real reaction here in Germany
with politicians from all sides coming
out and giving their opinions one of the
most vocal he is one of the always one
of the most vocal in German politics the
roots recently appointed Interior
Minister Horst Zi Hoffa the formitz
Christian social Union leader he has
this to say pulling no punches as usual
thus was Sir thought what happened there
is a blow to the law-abiding population
we shouldn't let them trample on our
hospitality
and our plenty of questions over just
how this situation was allowed to
escalate to the level in which it did
and also a lot more questions being
asked about what's being done to make
sure that it can't happen anywhere else
our Europe correspondent Peter Oliver
with the latest on that thank you
