former CIA director Mike Pompeo has
officially been made Washington's top
diplomat for foreign policy after he was
sworn in as the new Secretary of State
he's been given a strong endorsement by
Donald Trump which is in stark contrast
to his predecessor Rex Tillerson who is
often at odds with the president I must
say that's more spirit than I've heard
from the State Department in a long time
many years we can say many years and
maybe many decades it's going to be a
fantastic start a fantastic day and that
spirit will only be magnified only with
this man right here I know that for a
fact
now it's official praised as a true
American Hero Mike Pompeo has been sworn
in as the nation's chief diplomat and
he's vowing to make the state department
great again I talked about getting back
our swagger and I'll fill in what I mean
by that but it's important the United
States diplomatic court needs to be in
every corner every stretch of the world
executing missions on behalf of this
country Pompey's speech was well
received by everyone from the media to
other officials some didn't even wait to
compare him to Tillerson saying that he
was more open than Tillerson ever was
Pompeyo did however stress the concept
of American exceptionalism which is
generally considered controversial in
some circles at least I talked in my my
hearing about the fact that this nation
is so exceptional and so incredibly
blessed this does a unique exceptional
country Russia is unique but not
exceptional and he's wasting no time
taking the reins from his predecessor
Mike Pompeo spent his first days as
Secretary of State
showing support to Israel and that was
just before Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu made some
inflammatory claims against Iran
accusing the country of lying about a
secret nuclear weapons program three
years but Pompeo stuff stances on Iran
and other supposedly hostile States
aren't new
I can't think of a thing that has put
America in a better position as a result
of this deal every single action the
Iranians have taken has been bolder and
stargher than the ones they took before
the agreement a very real danger they
are ever closer to having the capacity
to hold America at risk with a nuclear
weapon it is difficult to imagine a
stable Syria that still has Assad in
power he is a puppet of the Iranians and
therefore it seems an unlikely situation
where Assad will be sitting on the
throne and America's interest will be
well served this is the same man who
made a secret trip to North Korea to
pave the way for Trump's historic
meeting with kim jeong-hoon but bringing
peace to the Korean Peninsula has become
a top foreign policy priority for the US
administration but judging by the
hawkish track records of those
surrounding the president you might have
to wonder what their real intentions are
Samir Khan RT Washington DC after a
series of foreign trips Mike Pompeo will
spend the next several weeks in
Washington looking to pick up where Rex
Tillerson left off however Peter kuznick
a nuclear studies director fears u.s.
foreign policy might take on a more
hostile approach under pompeya Donald
Trump in announcing that Tillerson was
going to be leaving office he said that
he disagreed with Tillerson about Iran
policy so that was a key factor he's not
going to disagree with Pompeyo and
that's why the Europeans are so
frightened it's why 100 foreign policy
experts including 50 retired military
officials said to trump wrote a letter
saying we should not break this deal
with Iran it's in the United States
interest it's a good deal and Iran has
been following it clearly
Pompeyo is among the real hawks when it
comes to Iran policy he's going to
reinforce Donald Trump's worst
tendencies along with John Bolton the
same thing with North Korea so North
Korea right now looks very very positive
but we know that between now and the
time when this deal is concluded there's
a hundred
it could blow up everyday if Pompeo
wants to be a moderating force on North
Korea that's great I hope he will also
be a moderating force when it comes to
Iran but I doubt it
