fast-approaching crucial midterm
elections in the US in an incredibly
close run race every vote is being seen
as a potential deal-breaker for control
of the Senate the traditionally
Democrats supporting state of New Jersey
is drawing focus after an influential
black pastor seemingly threw his support
behind the Republican candidate
well polls show that it is pretty much a
dead heat between the embattled two-term
Democratic Senator Robert Menendez and
Republican challenger Bob Hugin despite
claims by Menendez Pastor Jethro James
insists he invited both contenders to
meet his congregation so often the
african-american vote is taken for
granted and so I believe we should have
had or should have the ability to make a
choice and so I decided to ask Bob Hugin
to come and let our folks hear what he's
offering in the race as well as the same
invitation went to Senator Menendez
senator Menendez has been busy and he
decided not to take the invitation and
so it was just as you go to a grocery
store
there's more than one loaf of bread on
the shelf more than one brand of bread
and folks can make intelligent choices
well the pastor also compared America's
political system to a political
plantation and says his community will
not vote for someone who does not have
their interests at heart
reality is that this country is so
divided and that some folks are just
taking those at the bottom for granted
and I think that that's all part of
really a moral issue that has to be
challenged in this country we're not
we're not just gonna go and
the lever for anyone or anybody who
doesn't have the interests of our people
at heart
you
