Donald Trump's national security adviser
says that the Korean denuclearization
process should be modeled on what
happened in Libya will president Trump
insist that Kim give up ship out all of
his nuclear weapons or all of his
nuclear fuel all of his ballistic
missiles before the u.s. makes any
concessions yeah I think that's what
denuclearization means and we have very
much in mind the Libya model from 2003
2004 it was back in 2003 that Libya
agreed to eliminate its weapons of mass
destruction
Arty's mreb gas diya takes a look at how
all of that turned out remember
the colonel Colonel Gaddafi he once had
a nuclear program
scary stuff a desperate with nuclear
weapons so the world sanctioned him
pressured him punished him eventually
Colonel Gaddafi offered to scrap his
nuclear program the u.s. em Britain made
the deal all hush-hush they lifted
sanctions resurrected relations made
friends seven years later they came back
and helped kill him
he died painfully tortured alone in the
desert his army having been obliterated
by the US Britain and allies his
murderers freedom fighters they cooled
them then would go on to plunge Libya
into anarchy
killing thousands many and a place on
terror lists later pundits in America in
Europe in Korea would write that perhaps
Gaddafi giving up the only weapon that
could have protected him was a bad idea
in Pyongyang's view the Libyans took the
economic bait foolishly disarmed
themselves and once they were
defenseless were mercilessly punished by
the West the president of former Libyan
leaders Gaddafi's brutal death does not
offer much confidence Kim jong-eun about
a safe exit the Libyan crisis is
teaching the international community a
grave lesson Iran when giving up its
nuclear program thought it could get a
better deal I want to ask if your have
made up your mind to pull out of that
deal and if you do pull out of that deal
do you think you worry that sends the
wrong message to North Korea as you seek
to enter nuclear talks with Kim jong-un
no I think it sends the right message
you know in seven years
that deal will have expired and Iran is
free to go ahead and create nuclear
weapons that's not acceptable seven
years is tomorrow that's not acceptable
you can't help but wonder at the logic
if there is any it's hard to tell
sometimes with Trump how is ripping up a
nuclear disarmament deal a good thing or
a good precedent maybe North Korea will
get it it has now floated the idea that
it too could give up its nuclear program
it is important to be positive
optimistic look forward don't think
about what happened to the last few guys
that gave up their nukes
maybe mr. Bolton didn't think about what
he was saying he does want North Korea
to disarm right not grow its nuclear
arsenal and paranoia or perhaps
mr. Bolton one of the most hawkish and
militant officials in the u.s. brought
up Libya on purpose it seems like
they're telling the North Koreans don't
disarm when they do that because of
course North Korea like Iraq for that
matter disarmed and then the u.s.
invaded them and destroyed them and
killed the leaders and killed all the
people in the and the ruling circles so
you can't really tell the mr. Trump can
you I mean he's at one moment endorsing
peace at another moment he's telling
that Mr Kim that he's going to be
sodomized with a bayonet like they did
to Muammar Qaddafi or hanged as they did
to to Saddam Hussein if the North
Koreans feel the u.s. is going to
destroy their country that would affect
all the countries in that area
