55,000 pages another 55,000 files on 183
CDs everything you're about to see is an
exact copy of the original Iranian
material well tonight I'm here to tell
you one thing
Iran lied big-time
after signing the nuclear deal in 2015
Iran intensified its efforts to hide its
secret nuclear files in 2017 Iran moved
its nuclear weapons files to a highly
secret location in Tehran this is the
sure about district in southern Tehran
this is where they kept the atomic
archives right here so let me tell you
the history of this material we've known
for years that Iran had a secret nuclear
weapons program called Project Ahmad we
can now prove that project Ahmad was a
comprehensive program to design build
and test nuclear weapons we can also
prove that Iran is secretly storing
project ahmad material to use at a time
of its choice to develop nuclear weapons
you
