the historic meeting between the leaders
of North and South Korea saw the two
sides pledged to rid the peninsula of
nuclear weapons before years and apart
from nuclearization as you say deed
niggler ization the states agreed on
Friday to formally end the Korean War
which of course dates back to over half
a century they vowed to sign a peace
treaty agreeing to involve the US and
China in the process now the American
president Donald Trump was quick to take
credit for the easing of tensions on the
peninsula with supporters saying he
should now get the Nobel Peace Prize in
his latest tweet he suggested he's more
deserving than the previous US
presidential recipient Barack Obama and
at her rally on Saturday his fans seem
to agree the D nuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula
that's very nice thank you
rtz Graziano if now takes a closer look
at whether Donald Trump does deserve the
Nobel Peace Prize the Nobel Peace Prize
an award for Human Rights champions
peacekeepers and presidents who would
later drop at least 26,000 bombs on
seven foreign nations in just one year
the prize is clearly viewed as such a
meaty addition to Donald Trump's track
record that someone under a stolen
identity actually forged his nomination
for the award two years in a row
supporters of the idea have named the
negotiations between the Koreas as
Trump's main qualification for real this
time I'll tell you what like how about
everything and as we've been told Trump
has the best words and those he applied
to North Korea directly he is a sick
puppy Rocketman is on a suicide mission
for himself obviously he's a pretty
smart cookie we all saw that intricate
game of diplomacy we will have no choice
but to totally destroy North Korea they
will be met with fire and fury witness
Trump acing that whole quid pro quo
thing we are sending an armada very
powerful we have submarines very
powerful and I will say this he is doing
the wrong thing is making a big mistake
let's be frank those who call Trump a
peacemaker more or less share the logic
of those who nicknamed this shotgun a
persuader Trump's style of making peace
equally applies to Iran the government
that gives terrorists safe harbor
financial backing I am speaking of
course of Iran the rogue regime Iran can
sprint towards a rapid nuclear weapons
breakout nowhere no matter where you go
in the Middle East you see the
fingerprints of I ran behind problems
for goodness sake he appointed as
national security advisor a man who just
last year thought this was a good idea
Syria's felt the full impact of Trump's
peacemaking if things keep going the way
they are the country will be celebrating
the annual term a Hogg day sometime
around mid spring but again maybe a
Nobel Peace Prize and Trump do fit
together at the end of the day after all
where does Obama get to have all the
nice things we spoke to max Blumenthal a
journalist and author he believes the
improvement of relations on the Korean
Peninsula actually has nothing to do
with Donald Trump Donald Trump's policy
towards the Koreas has been one of
hostility of sanctions of threats of
fire and fury his Defense Minister Jim
mattis threatened North Korea with the
extermination and their policy
essentially fail because nuclearization
in North Korea succeeded because Kim
jong-un extended an olive branch to the
south and because moon jae-in has been
so courageous in his efforts to
reconcile with the north and so really
the cost for donald trump to receive a
Nobel Prize really reflect how insular
and parochial the view of right wing his
right wing supporters is Donald Trump
has really not played a role in the
events around North and South Korea
