if you've heard it once you've heard it
a thousand times but here it is once
more for those of you in the cheap seats
the Russian active measures campaign
against the United States was
multifaceted he leveraged cyberattacks
covert platforms social media
third-party intermediaries and state-run
media the House Intelligence report
begins with a novel idea the American
people rightfully want to know what the
Russians did and how and while each
section starts off with accusations of
what the Kremlin did where the evidence
is meant to be there's just a bunch of
blacked-out text nevertheless the
committee concludes that Russia's goal
was to sow discord in America and cast
doubt on the democratic process that's
apparently with point zero zero zero two
percent of US election related
advertising on Google and with an
equally huge amount of ads on Facebook
25 percent of which were never seen by
anyone that's in the report still the
aim was apparently achieved and is the
sole reason for the expansive divide
that has grown in America since the
election
Russia's active measures campaign
achieved its primary goal of inciting
division and discord among Americans for
more than a year US politics have been
consumed by bitter recriminations
charges and counter-charges about the
attacks it's wholly unclear how Russia's
alleged actions are responsible for the
political chaos that is ensued since
Trump took the White House it wasn't
Russia reporting that Trump's former
campaign managers connections to Ukraine
spelled out collusion one of the many
theories that the report shoots down the
charges against Paul Manafort president
Trump's former campaign manager received
more than 17 million dollars in secret
payments from a Kremlin linked political
party in Ukraine but it was the American
media that hypothesized that Trump
juniors meeting with a Russian lawyer
proved Moscow was supporting Trump
Donald Trump's son think he was about to
get help from a Russian lawyer with ties
to the Kremlin this is looking more and
more like treason all this strange
behavior from the president it's all
explained now a stream of leaks by the
intelligence community condemned by the
report as damaging national security
wasn't orchestrated by the Kremlin who
are also learning from your sources that
intelligence officials say tonight NBC
News is learning from intelligence
sources US intelligence
sources tell CBS News or even taken bass
Turkey slack half of team Trump was
accused of meeting with him and that's
threatened their jobs but the report
says there was nothing sinister there
also there the controversial Russian
ambassador Sergei kisi yuck you look of
course in the pictures of course the
shameful picture where the United States
press corps was kept out but the
Russians were allowed and that is an
open question whether there was
collusion cooperation between Trump
associates during the campaign and
Russian officials all of that discord
was home-grown so after a year of
searching that included 73 interviews
nine hearings and briefings and the
review of countless documents were left
with the conclusion of no collusion and
as much proof as we had before the
report was released meaning little to
none talk of Russian meddling rarely
goes without mention of this channel
there's a supposed to love Kremlin
influence and this time was no exception
the reasoning is apparently though
Artie's popularity the document states
that Moscow exploits Google and its
services to spread propaganda via RT
accounts and notes that RT has two
million YouTube subscribers the
lawmakers are also disturbed by the fact
that our tea is served in the same
manner as quote legitimate news sources
or media analysts line all things
Congress is mistaking an alternative
point of view for that of interference
the only thing that we can maybe point
to is that these people called the
Russians Russian government Russian
actors people with Russian names I don't
know but these people that we will
collectively called the Russians put out
tweets and Facebook stories that did not
encourage armed revolts by the American
citizens that would have been something
it merely presented allegedly at the
point zero zero two whatever percent of
this but presented stories that other
American actors and politicians and
folks and and activists were alleging as
well so it just so happened that this
horrible Russian example of dissent or
whatever it was or sowing discord
happened to mirror
exactly the same thoughts and sentiments
of actual Americans who may have had a
different opinion from Hillary Clinton
it's the only story in town and the
American public has been so habituated
to this meme that they want to hear more
of it they believe there's evidence when
there is no evidence oh no no I'm sorry
to say this isn't stopping I hope it
does but I'm afraid it won't
