the US House Intelligence Committee has
revealed its final report on alleged
Russian meddling in the 2016
presidential election and found no
collusion between the Trump campaign and
Russia we're now joined by RT
Chattanooga in the studio with us just
to tell us a bit more so give us more
detail then and what exactly was said in
this report now of course this report
we've been waiting for it for quite a
while the House Intelligence Committee
actually a month ago completed their
investigation and said that they would
be releasing this report once it was
looked at over and redacted and as
expected it says there is no collusion
between team Trump in Moscow that they
announced a while ago so that we were
expecting and it does go on to say
however that Russia did interfere in the
2016 presidential election no question
about it
according to this report and it starts
off with this novel idea saying that
American people rightfully want to know
what Russia did and how but if you go on
to read this report this 253 page report
if you're really looking for concrete
facts you're not going to find it there
because of all of their reductions every
section starts off with accusations of
what the Kremlin did using everything
from media to or what they call a
propaganda social media to hacking the
DNC allegedly to cyberattacks it all
starts off with these accusations but
then it's just a bunch of blacked-out
text so the evidence many were hoping
for including of course Russia who
denies all the claims it's just not
there and again the conclusion was that
Russia's goal was to sow discord at
America and cast doubt on the democratic
process the report says that was
achieved and blames Russia for the
expansive divide that now has grown in
America since the election all that
we've been seeing over the past year so
it's saying that somehow this you know
the things that Russia supposedly did
Facebook post Twitter posts using Google
that that is all what has led to the
past year of political chaos in America
it goes on to say that Google was also
used although bin says that Google
itself said that point zero zero zero
two percent of the election advertising
was found to be associated with Russian
actor
saying that it reached only 3% with
views of maybe 5,000 or more so all
these very rather insignificant things
somehow has created all the chaos that
we've seen in this past year of
politicians attacking one another on
either side of the aisle attacking their
president calling for impeachment the
leaks that we've seen from the
intelligence community somehow this is
all connected back to Russia and you
know we've seen everything over the past
year one thing in particular we saw a
lot of accusations saying that you know
Trump's former campaign manager has
connections to Ukraine that therefore
significant that Trump was somehow
connected to the DNC hacked
that's collusion the report says nope
Trump a team Trump and the hacks not
connected he's former campaign manager
and Russia not connected no collusion
something we saw a lot about was
ambassador acoustic of course the
Russian ambassador half of team Trump
was accused of having connections with
this guy it led to the National Security
Advisor Michael Flynn leaving his post
and Jeff Sessions was also pulled into
that as well let's take a listen as to
how the media reported on that now The
Washington Post is out with a headline
that reads sessions the Attorney General
spoke twice with Russian ambassador
during Trump's presidential campaign
Justice officials say questions are
being asked about one of Donald Trump's
key appointments once again it's all to
do with Russia and of course the
Ambassador from Russia is a Russian
ambassador from Russia is a Russian and
of course the story with the ambassador
that's one tiny thing that's a drop in
the bucket it felt like almost every day
at least every week we're seeing some
new connection that they had come up
with between team Trump and Russia to
prove this collusion and yet here we are
two years on and there's no this report
is coming out saying no collusion
whatsoever mmm okay but lacking on
evidence that we can read to say the
least
okay thanks Jackie that was a key figure
there with the latest on that let's get
the views now if legal and media
analysts line or he joins us this
evening good evening to you lionel
thanks for coming on a report again with
lots
of accusations conclusions to that
Russia did interfere but Wanek when it
comes to evidence where is the evidence
is it all the bits that are in black do
you think the Russian ambassador is
Russian let me just clarify that to two
lovers of logic and lovers of proof and
lovers of justice
I apologize and completely upset myself
from anybody and anything in any
organization that would think that in
any way remotely represents anything of
worth this is so sad so pathetic so
embarrassing now all of the harm that
was done from the accusations all of the
the talk about discord diplomatic
discord Embassy's said two super powers
engaged in this horrible back-and-forth
how do we undo this how do we how do
whoever's responsible for this there's
an old expression to this country there
was a fellow who was acquitted of a
charge and he said where do I go to get
my good name back where do lovers of
logic and justice go to to redeem
ourselves from this this goes to show
you that and I want everybody to
understand the reason why this was done
was not to necessarily investigate
Russian collusion or involved or our the
the the spreading of seeds of the
government descended discord it was to
try to justify how Hillary Clinton lost
a rigged election everything about this
started with Hillary Clinton she didn't
lose because she was a terrible
campaigner she didn't lose because she
was rejected summarily by the American
electorate she didn't lose for no no no
she lost because of Russia that's it
that's where it started and the snowball
started now when that was completely
complete
exhausting you could not find a drop of
blood out of that argument anymore they
said well maybe there was a trump
collusion just to see if there was a
collusion not even that held true the
only thing and I don't know how many
millions of dollars and time that was
devoted to this the only thing that we
can maybe point to is that these people
called the Russians Russian government
Russian actors people with Russian names
I don't know but these people that we
will collectively called the Russians
put out tweets and Facebook stories that
did not encourage armed revolts by the
American citizens that would have been
something revolting no did not encourage
violence or subversion now it merely
presented allegedly at the point zero
zero to whatever percent of this but
presented stories that other American
actors and politicians and folks and and
activists were alleging as well so it
just so happened that this horrible
Russian example of dissent or whatever
it was or sowing discord happened to
mirror exactly the same thoughts and
sentiments of actual Americans who may
have had a different opinion from
Hillary Clinton and I can do this
what we're doing right now I'm sorry
please know I was going to just jump in
and say in terms of sowing discord who's
the worst culprit here I mean if you
look at the intelligence agencies and
what was leaked out from them and
accusations that are now apparently not
true - I mean who's the chief culprit
you could argue I mean if you look at me
I mean not only that let's talk I don't
want to go into this but we've got this
fall cat false accusations of collusion
we've got false accusations of gas
attacks here false accusations of
attempted murder here I mean we've got
is there is there one accusation just
one that's proven true as
late just one where somebody would comes
forward and says I am a a Russian agent
and I broke in and stole numbers or
something or well you could say now
that's that's collusion that's that's
something no this is more of a
theological kind of of where we're
infecting the minds of the American
people by presenting this court it's
embarrassing and there's no about
there's no apology
there's no who does anybody's pay for
this - heads roll who started this what
was the basis of the probable cause of a
prosecutor where did this card by what
what evidence did anybody glean or what
evidence does anybody have to even get
this this this month this kangaroo court
if you can call it that going and what
about the irreparable harm right now
that's done took the Trump
administration what about the discord
that's being sold against this man
I'm just very briefly on that Donald
Trump says this report will put an end
to those accusations of collusion do you
think it will just briefly never never
it's all they've got it's the only story
in town and the American public has been
so habituated to this meme that they
want to hear more of it they believe
there's evidence when there is no
evidence oh no I'm sorry to say this
isn't stopping I hope it does but I'm
afraid it won't okay I've just heard to
line or that the DNC is calling this
report flawed but I'm sure we'll discuss
that as a later point we've run out of
time
right oh good to talk to you that was
legal and that media analyst Lionel
thank you
