we are on the world-famous Copacabana
beach in Rio de Janeiro home of the five
times world champions Brazil an episode
you will not want to miss in the coming
weeks this week though we're
concentrating on Iberia Spain they play
against Portugal in their opening World
Cup game and which you invite to legends
that have represented both nations Nuno
Gomes played for Benfica and Portugal
and Michel was around the true legend
and played for the Spanish national team
welcome one and all to the Stan
Collymore show
Portugal's biggest club sport lisboa e
benfica current champions of portugal so
a chat with a man that wore their shirt
with pride scored a lot of goals for
them and the national team his name
Nuno gommi Nuno delighted that you can
join me on the stand Collymore show I've
wanted you to come on the show for quite
some time how confident were you as a
striker when you were playing was
confidence oozing through every pore or
did take time to grow confidence I think
is a natural thing for the strikers even
though you you during your career you
have some times that that you you are
not as confident that you should be
because sometimes you have two or three
games in a row without scoring so
there's a lack of confidence in that
times but since I remember when I was a
young kid I used to play always as a
striker and I was always the top scorer
of the team every year in the tournament
in my city so it comes natural so it
self-belief really important for
strikers yes great self belief and to
don't stop working because one of the
most important things to as a striker is
to be always in the right place because
after that is a question of scorer or
not but if you are not in that in the
right place you don't have the chance to
to to fail or to to to win
a lot of funds don't understand the
process that players go through so what
kind of things do you learn under-16
under-17 under-18 level in national
teams you have contact with other
players with with Portuguese players
that played in other clubs sometimes
stronger sometimes weaker than you but
you that that relationship that you
create that atmosphere that you live to
see other players to talk with other
culture and even abroad if you go abroad
in the national team we use national
team you have more competitive games
that allows you to grow and it's very
important for a young kid to participate
in that developed international teams
how does it feel to apply for one of the
world's biggest for all clubs and to go
out every single week with that pressure
on you is it something that you enjoyed
your hero here it was amazing and I
still feel proud about that I played for
Benfica 12 seasons I was in some of the
seasons I was the captain it was a
choice of the heart I think because I'm
a bigger fan since I was a kid so he was
it was like a dream come true and
sometimes I I prefer to stay here
instead of playing in abroad but it
worth it because
when I look back I'm very proud of what
I achieved in Benfica in the national
team of course but it's specific in in
benefical Stadium because the fans are
amazing and basic is one of the the
greatest clubs in the world what is it
about Portuguese football produces
fantastic creative players in particular
even if we are a small country we have
natural talent we born with that talent
and I think is true is is more offensive
from midfield midfield in front
Portuguese character yes maybe
aggression a Latin Latin think we have a
lot of creativity a natural talent that
it comes becomes natural the the
relations with the with the ball Euro
2004 goals semi-final you get into the
team of the tournament band for pushing
the referee what an eventful tournament
for you I mean the era 2000 changed my
my career in my life because he was the
the the the first games that I I made in
the first eleven in that game semi-final
against France France we had a amazing
team was it pretty much still most of
the guys that won the World Cup in in
1990 right there 198 and then they won
the tournament 2000 we lost 2-1 against
them in the semi-final with a we were
winning one nil I scored the goal and
after a penalty penalty shoot that at
the pitch
it seems that was in hand but after in
the hotel watching on replay it wasn't
so it was a pity but after the game we
were very upset and we thought that that
goal shouldn't be considered and we went
to referee some of the guys push push
the the referee me too and three or four
we get we get bent how did you feel
about getting banned because you're a
very warm friendly god football is a
very passionate sport of course after we
regret that things and it shouldn't
happen but the blood was bubbling inside
and it was it was like a dream coming
true to get the final and we thought
that the referee was taking us away that
dream
if you could take one memory on the
pitch off the pitch something that you
remember that makes you happy about
those two World Cups what would it be I
will tell you Irene what I remember I
was in the bench in the first game and I
knew that I wouldn't play but I was
happy to participate because Angola was
playing against us and enrollees the X
followers of Portugal and they were they
were I don't know if it was the first
time of them in the World Cup but I
believe it was so and two or three
players of Angola there were my team
wins here in basica so I was happy to be
there in that historic moment for them
Portugal our European champions led by
Cristiano Ronaldo can I go one better
and win the World Cup I hope so I will
pray for that but if I should bet want
him only I don't know if I will bet in
Portugal for historical reasons but for
example we we are we want the the last
hero championship and I think nobody
believes that Portugal will win it so I
think it's good for one hand to don't be
the outsider you know so I hope that
Portugal will get confident the
tournament and like in the last year oh
we were the favourites and we want it so
but if you ask me the five favorites I
will include Portugal you know it's
great to see you here in Lisbon been
wanting to chat to you for quite some
time
thank you very much coming a great
striker and who knows Portugal England
in the fall on the summer we meet you
there let's hope thank you very much for
joining Emily
Michelle delighted you can join me on
the stand Collymore show incredible
career with with Real Madrid in the
Spanish national team you first woke up
was 1996 in in Mexico how excited were
you know para me film our state
intelligent aces and a fantastically
Thomasina who our goal as elección is
impress on year on mundial surf you la
lista there's a linear certain de cuatro
reveal mundial de la mañana para Theo
Fantastico how did you fail playing for
your country in the first game at the
World Cup how exciting was it what were
your memories and your emotions but I
mean from recuerdo in more travelling
primera partido de hue para para
oscillation en la copa del mundo for
contra Brazil Uruguay Oh star escuchando
limnos españa y en frente de Demi estaba
el equipo Brasil a no-go soup lenders
estabas eco estaba Falcao estaba Toninho
Cerezo quadric estaba lesson Odyssey
know who am pro yo los via email parece
que que había una camara siendo como su
fashionfilm no frame parabola recuerdo
cada dia ese momento de la copa del
mundo en el campo en guadalajara barrel
whole Brazil in ocean frente me
so Michelle you got this house to show
you
you remember Holly oh yes this house is
from ah I buy him Wow
for sure this is 400 matches in Real
Madrid in league Wow you know look at
that
400 matches from Rome Madrid many ways
in the history of La Liga in La Liga
there not many places for Real Madrid
seven matches was a difficult World Cup
supply in 1996
I doubt a classy lady who I guess to d
rvn estar bien preparado porque no
solamente average a who are in
diferentes horario sino en différentes
Alturas econ diferente temperatura from
campeonato passion auntie Mui were in
football a pasar this as difficult as
case want an grand Eskimo in front are
10 grand reward the groused goal this
year the work we have video assistant
referees would that have helped you in
1996 and do you think that now is the
time we should use technology in
football no gays necessary I guess no
one say una ayuda para todo el mundo
para los jugadores para los otros Prados
espectadores
y tambien para o resultado una Copa del
mundo say decidió por eso es muy bueno
la terre Alemannia cuando mark cuando
wiggle Volant raba me sorprendido mucho
Volare tro bambridge australia no no no
lock on Sadie report Amina aparecido
Claro e creo que fue mas famoso porn /
sido vole que que su a second Sadiq on
conceded o y es a manera de mano en fait
de mucho ala rasulina you know entonces
vamos tamale penguin
this one is broken but is the chichi in
England when I was a kid with the best
player of Spain a Dean and Spanish team
in 99 fantastic why didn't Spain win a
World Cup before 2010 huge country
arguably two of the world's biggest
clubs in Ramat reeds and Barcelona
Grande players of many many years but
never won the World Cup until fairly
recently to sell vogue estar por ello en
te estaba fuera del trainor ofra del
Campo Gurule still Oh Nadia oregano
cialis t lo que tenia Ludo al español
nadie se decidió a decir cual el el
estilo él fue lo al español eat any amo
la muchas influenza de muchos entrain
adores de muchas otrar Liga pero no Rica
no fee ahmo's qual era el en el estilo
él fue al español cuando se reckon o co
Espania Concilio eve a seguir con Seguin
no bueno resultados porque es el US
Trustee lo t think because of the
success in 2010 the now other countries
copying the Spanish way and not having
their own identity granorg a contra
Janka en el fútbol español
hasta luego no tsuita Maria fan or no
say ik opiod oh no stray los internal
resistance ally no al exterior
inclusive Alemannia que es una elección
in football muy potent a mu traditional
approach Oh es o es a manera de jugar
DSST load elf you dole español para
adapt are low a loss a Lebanese para
nosotros uno Rua por que siempre hemos
sido de los demás you don't pick up you
know
and since 1990 World Cup in initially
did you go into that tournament thinking
Spain could win no pencak attorney I'm
on my horse election in Ladell Oneonta
he says Mexico in italia amazon equipo
bueno paranoid i most competitive oh no
no fault ah
mucho mucho character no fault our
speedy - who are more bien pero era
machine consistent this nunca pensé a
gate and the amish of sinners in Elinor
any Lanyon event for calls not a striker
is quite an incredible achievement that
must have been incredibly happy
tournament for you see for the record
individual muy bueno por que meter
cuatro Holly's in seven sin UN Centro
van pista pero yo siempre si UN Centro
campus today buena llegada de buen
Despero Gallardo Spearman ago bueno mana
haba en la cabeza pero pero siempre
tenido el mercado mucho goalies a mark a
trail goalies contra Connie I you know
Moscone travel cicada verdad estaba en
un momento hasta que uno enfrente Moses
wait up we win the war up
again video Tom this train you know it's
impossible or in this case impossible
playing
when you play for a club like round
Madrid for ten years six other leaguers
and win lots of trophies is that the
perfect training ground to play in a
World Cup because of the pressure that
you you face every week playing for Real
Madrid pero tenemos una mentally
differente cuando hua Mo's para la
camiseta del Real Madrid Nocenti mo
grenade or AC Nocenti ahmo's favoritos
cuando homos para la de las legend
Espanola Sen diamo siempre que estamos
en un Segundo plan ok esperamos mucho
más del Rio al que de nosotros es o
erina mentally da totalmente diferentes
Oak Road elf you dole espanol annabelle
des elección ahora SI SE greg wed a van
a la cualquiera antes no yo VC Nabokov
what's changed in Spanish coaching to
enable this success international level
and domestic level el estilo elementally
das yah partir de la Parisienne de muy
bueno horas que juntos ante Sarah in
pencil que noonas lezione Espanola antes
del dole mille f was an juntos Iniesta
Cesc fàbregas cheffy muy difícil de
phacelia hora say cuenta con el OC to
revises la lista KO previa la petit todo
lure Centro gram pistas son una gran
Khalid attend nigga yo lo real Ontario
stamina spine of a very very big pool of
players so how many would the manager be
looking at right now euros to me respect
on taken con los que estan operatio no
las elecciones ello elincia
croatian fudo least a step C&L creo que
marcos Alonso de Chelsea so whoever que
a Denia k-star hace tiempo de las
elecciones una noticia muy bueno para
fool español Lopez de poder really here
entre cincuenta who adores los venti
tres Cabana mundial yo se que Beccaria
seguro seguro
teething spank him win the World Cup
just along her a bit de la here would be
the the rivals I mean Germany Brazil
Argentina would they be above Spain at
the moment or no but I mean but I mean
Annelle top Adam is most Alemannia in
Kok Espania tambien muy cerca
pero yo croak el propio Rewald a españa
Nori's alemanni Argentina Brazil si no
es la propias panaceas Paniagua
competitive a doc on ese hombre su ganas
cottony de los últimos on e or kruger
Spanier Bastar muy cerca de devolver ah
ha cerrado importantly the the chains
that are constantly winning Champions
League Europa League the Spanish
selection do you think now you work in
the Liga and that this lady is the best
league in the world wherever okay see
mmm pour came in La Liga Espanola ikk
trabajar mucho Dante toda la semana no
no I keep or favoritos para ganar a
lorry valets creo que es una Lea muy
competitive o que es verdad que siempre
van Alma de barcelona pero el resto son
equip or muy bueno skadam s cuando
Celina exterior tienen un gran
protagonism oh no habla muy bien de
nuestro equipo de nuestra liga gays es
muy Dora
Judy SEMA give us one memory it could be
on the page she could be with your
teammates it could be on the bus one
memory of those World Cups that the was
special para me disfrute r de poder who
are una Copa del mundo y ser
protagonists a durante un tiempo de ser
la representación de mi Pais cada dia
coventry am en toda via regatta partido
no Eddie's fruit our beginning muchacha
maharishi to embroider this is the last
time I played with round money from real
my last epic our last date yes I scored
two goals and I give to to my son my big
one fantastic look the first time I
throw in there in the field the world
famous by Madrid world famous Michel
thank you very much for taking us around
your trophies
this week we continue our look at the
opening phase of the World Cup in Russia
as we focus on Group B featuring the
iconic Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal
the reigning champions of Europe have
been drawn with the powerhouse of Spain
with LaRocca attempting to win the
tournament for a second time in their
history Morocco and Iran joined Spain
and Portugal but only the European sides
are expected to progress when we reach
the knockout rounds for Portugal and
Spain both were a staggering 9 games as
they blitz through UEFA qualification
but it's the Spanish who were the early
favorites to win Group B friend of the
show Sergio Ramos will lead the charge
as the defensive cornerstone for Spain
with the Real Madrid skipper offering
leadership in inspiration for the 46
million Spaniards supporting the team
from home the 2010 world champions
opened their campaign against the
Portuguese in Sochi on the 15th of June
offering la rocca an early chance to
take control of the standings Portugal
placed 4th at the 2006 World Cup in
Germany but of Sallisaw does Queen asks
have always struggled to make an impact
on the biggest stage of them all Ronaldo
is yet to have his definitive World Cup
finals moment but the 33 year old will
have the chance to correct this at
russia 2018 Morocco make their first
appearance at the final since 1998 after
edging out the Ivory Coast in African
qualification the Atlas lions will be
led by Aventis sent about Mehdi benattia
that was established himself was one of
the most consistent defenders in
European club football after spells with
Roma and Bayern Munich Iran will do very
well to register a solitary point in
Group B against stellar opposition but
with a vastly experienced Carlos qirush
at the helm the Iranians have a tactical
genius as a manager before around Madrid
coach has been in charge of the team
since 2011 and his inside knowledge of
Portugal and Ronaldo could be vital when
they face key Russia's compatriots in
their second match
