scientists are voicing their concern
over research into modifying insects to
spread viruses a pentagon project
designed to protect crops it's a theory
Hollywood horror movies have already got
to grips with
you haven't just released a
transmissible virus you've released a
disease the United States knows better
than to return to a biological arms race
the program may be widely perceived as
an effort to develop biological agents
for hostile purposes and their means of
delivery which if true would constitute
a breach of the biological weapons
convention
well the insect allies project began in
2016 and is aimed at protecting
agriculture but also includes developing
a defensive response to quote threats
introduced by state or non-state actors
and all with the help of insects well in
nature
bugs routinely spread viruses among
plants but recent genetic advances could
now allow scientists to customize those
viruses by using modified insects to
spark changes in target crops such as
tomatoes or corn making them more
resilient to draw it or to flooding but
scientists say it's like opening a
Pandora's box which once opened could
lead to unpredictable consequences they
suspect that the gene engineering could
lead to unforeseen mutations potentially
making plants carcinogenic the insects
themselves could prove hard to control
and there's also the fear that it's a
route towards biological warfare which
is forbidden by the biological weapons
convention
well those scientists behind the
research say there's nothing to worry
about technologies dealing with food
security and gene editing certainly do
have a higher bar than most for
transparency research ethics and
regulatory engagement and I believe
insect allies meets that raised standard
we reach for fundamentally new ways of
delivering more precise efficacious
treatments through systems that can be
readily adaptive to confront a range of
potential threats it is very very rare
for a single gene to create such a
widespread result in the plant mostly
these things like increased yield or
resistance to disease they require many
different genes working in coordination
and we don't yet speak
the language of the genome so if they're
claiming that this technology with a
forty five million dollar budget over a
few years will solve those problems
they're either highly naive or they're
hiding something
obviously these genetically engineered
insects could be used as biological
weapons there's no doubt that if you
create insects that can insert genetic
constructs and change genetic expression
they can be used as weapons what's also
interesting is that even if it were not
being used it as weapons it's extremely
dangerous enormous ly dangerous to even
release these at this point they're
already releasing them in greenhouses
and if there was an earthquake or some
kind of problem were they released we
have no idea how they might actually
reproduce and propagate in the gene pool
changing the nature of our ecology
perhaps forever
you
