rallies held hearings upturn but Brett
Kavanaugh still gets the job so who's to
blame
mainstream media quickly found the
scapegoat white women or to be more
specific
those who backed Kavanagh despite all
his controversies notably numerous
sexual assault allegations which he
denies these women are gender traitors
they've made standing by patriarchy a
full-time job
white women benefit from patriarchy by
trading on their whiteness to monopolize
resources for mutual gain these are the
kind of women who think that being
falsely accused of rape is almost as bad
as being raped it was far from the only
highly emotional opinion piece in the
press with some even penny letters to
women who dared to think outside their
gender public shaming its media and
these authors these activists using
public shaming of of white women
apparently white women that supported
Cavanaugh's confirmation Democrats
painted the Cavanaugh case in binary
terms you're either for or against women
no other options I'm totally focused
with all the angry women and the men who
listened to women and the intention is
to take away women's rights it was a
denial of justice for the women of this
country however not all members of the
fairer sex were convinced that his
confirmation posed an existential threat
to women's rights in fact a poll
suggests that Cavanaugh was actually
backed by almost half of white women in
the u.s. it's not the first time women
quote brainwashed by patriarchy are
being blamed for the Democratic Party's
failures in 2016 most white women in
fact voted for Trump Clinton even blamed
her loss on white women caving to men we
don't do well with married white women
and part of that is ongoing pressure to
vote the way that your husband your boss
your son whoever believes you should
mainstream media were shocked after the
election CNN invited people who voted
for Barack Obama but not Hillary Clinton
I don't bother anybody you didn't vote
for Andy Barr nobody but you are a woman
and you are a democratic woman and
Hillary Clinton I can tell I can't
she scared me in America politics is
often the case nowadays firmly tied to
identity so ironic as it may seem
perhaps not so surprising that
self-proclaimed feminists and women's
rights defenders now lecture women on
how to vote and what to think that's
public shaming is a it's a harmful thing
it's harmful in any society and it's
using people that disagreed with your
opinion to come out and just shame the
rest you see women attacking women
people attacking people and it's all in
the name of politics it's hilarious to
see that that's what you think is an
appropriate reaction for something that
that was handled the way it's supposed
to be handled under protocol and then
going out there and blaming I mean
that's all we're seen as a society of
public shaming and blame going on there
