to senior staff America does violate
American agents have made a hostile
takeover I have no other words for it
even though yes authorities banned the
work of the Russian mission in Seattle
it doesn't mean that we have no property
rights US authorities have no documents
that show their actions to be legally
sound it was just a political decision
security personnel reportedly broke the
locks to gain access to the building and
carry out checks on Wednesday the
compound is now being patrolled by
police US officials decided to close the
facility and expel 60 of Moscow's
diplomats following the poisoning of
former double agent sir gates crippled
and his daughter in the UK last month
the US State Department says that the
building no longer enjoyed any
privileges or immunities and that its
inspectors actions were fully in line
with the Vienna Convention on consular
relations right let's talk to somebody
who knows about the protocol for these
kind of things
it's former Greek ambassador Leonidas
Chris and populous welcome back to RT
would you make of the US authorities
decision to enter the former consulate
building what's the form here yes let's
go directly to the agreement the Geneva
consular agreement we go to article 31
it speaks about the inviolability of the
consular premises 3031 paragraph 2 it
says specifically that nobody shall
enter without the consent of the
receiving of the sending country so
nobody can enter the premises and the
receiving state is under a special duty
to take all appropriate steps to protect
the consular premises from any intrusion
or damage so there was an intrusion and
this was a violation of article 31
paragraph 303
Convention on consular affairs of Geneva
that still is if it's been closed burden
is that still the case if a consulates
been closed yes yes yes yes and also
have been knowing that Sergey Lavrov has
a good sense of humor I would suggest
that if they make a complaint to the
police on burglary charges how do you
think the Americans would react if the
Russians used the same legal basis for
going in to diplomatic premises to have
a look around what kind of reaction do
you think they'd get then well I would I
would tell the Americans that I would
remind them what what happened in Iran
with the US Embassy which they get over
at the end they went to the
International Court to resolve this
issue of who owes what about who pays
damages so but the problem today in
humanity is that nothing is being
implemented in its I mean international
law is no longer being implemented we
saw that in Syria we saw the attacks
what happened there so it's a it's a
general malaise of humanity I can say
there is a form and protocol for
diplomatic premises and I'm sure
countries around the world would love to
have a poke around various embassies and
consulates that they're hosting from
various nations do as a result of what
happened in Seattle do you expect any
response from Russia no don't forget
that that this is not the first time I
think that we had the same issue that
happened with the Los Angeles Russian
consulate that was closed again after it
was closed the authorities
broke into int which is totally illegal
I mean even when you break off the
possible relations in case of war the
country that leaves usually leaves the
consulate unto the responsibility of a
third state so what is happening now is
totally illegally whatever it's being
done but I hope that that Russia does
not retaliate because if we start
retaliating on the legal activities
there is no end to that it certainly
pays unseemly F and I really appreciate
your thoughts on this and your insights
as former Greek ambassador you need is
Cristin thoughtless thanks for coming on
RT again good to talk to you well thank
you also
