Amnesty International is the Monday not
Ukraine government to investigate an
attack on a Roma gypsy camp in the
capital Kiev last week a nationalist
group destroyed the camp children were
reportedly injured in the incident
people fled while their tents and other
belongings were burned the attackers
also used tear gas and reportedly guns
no one can be sure that they won't
become the next victim of a swarm of
radicals they shoot themselves with
better--it ISM and caring for the public
but actually they are terrorizing
ordinary people well police in Kiev say
there were no reports of violence and
that the fires were simply part of a
clean-up operation a political
commentator we spoke to thinks that
nationalists in Ukraine have the
government's support I suppose that on
local level some policemen will try to
prevent open violence but when the
government and the Parliament officially
praise and glorify Nazis I can expect
anything else and I said actually it's
not they first came to Jews as the
Dietrich Bonhoeffer said but then they
came to others when they came to me it
was too late I mean people in the West
should not be silent about it
meanwhile authorities in another city in
Ukraine have opened a painting contest
to mark the creation of a Nazi division
in the country during the Second World
War so in the contest teenagers are
asked to draw something linked to
Ukrainians who volunteered for the Nazi
unit and there's a cash prize for the
best one a big Dora yes can again say is
the rise of nationalism is not confined
in to Ukraine many places in Europe kind
of Nazi no Nazi radical views are
becoming more and more popular and this
is a result of the whole crisis which
was caused by immigration European Union
cannot provide any answer
and this atmosphere of certain despair
today causes some right-wing radical
groups to succeed in certain places
