thousands of people across Germany have
been demonstrating over a recent attack
against a person wearing traditional
Jewish head wear in the German capital
the violent incident comes even as the
German Chancellor admits that she's
worried by a spike in anti-semitism our
Europe correspondent Peter Oliver was at
the rally in Berlin it was just last
week when a 19 year old Syrian Asylum
applicants attacked two Jewish men in
the rather well-to-do Prenzlauer Berg
area of Berlin that prompted Jewish
leaders in the city to say this Jewish
people should refrain from wearing the
kippa now that prompted well that
prompted many people to come out here
onto the streets of the German capital
in order to say that they were going to
wear the traditional Jewish headdress
the kippa the yarmulke depending on how
you want to call it they came out here
today this evening and said no we will
defy that we will wear it and we are
proud of our Jewish heritage I spoke to
some of those and asked them exactly why
they were here and what they wanted to
say I think we need a solidarity with
all religions within all religions
Christians Jewish people and and Muslim
week as well every religion has this
right to live here and believe and its
freedom together that's my opinion my
belief to live here together
otherwise it's I'm actually a Christian
Jewish people belong to the same group
of religions as I do I'm here to show my
support what's happening in Germany
right now is not good we've seen people
beaten simply because they're wearing
the keep our schools have to be
protected at all times kindergartens as
well this is unacceptable
as we've seen from some of those people
we just heard for this isn't just Jewish
people that have come out wearing the
yarmulke in support of the Jewish
community here in Berlin people from all
faiths have done the same thing
now we have seen a recent rise in
anti-semitic attacks in Berlin we have
seen a recent rise in anti-semitic
incidents in Germany in general some of
those involving schools now we did hear
from the German Chancellor Angela Merkel
who had this to say about recent
arrivals and their contribution towards
the anti-semitic problem in Germany
right now we have a new phenomenon as we
have many refugees among whom there are
for example people of Arab origin who
bring another form of anti-semitism into
the country unfortunately anti-semitism
existed before that and it's that that's
prompted thousands of people to come out
here on took the streets of the German
capital to say no to anti-semitism in
their city and no to anti-semitism in
all of its forms
