well as you know we've been bombarded
with two different versions of events of
those strikes that hit Syria in
mid-april and today the Russian Defense
Ministry really upped the ante by
providing some actual tangible evidence
of those missiles it says were either
intercepted or simply malfunctioned and
this is going to be an embarrassing
development for the US side which had
lauded the success of those 105
airstrikes which it said was were
precise and overwhelming also dismissing
any suggestions by Russia that any of
those missiles had been intercepted also
insisting that the Syrian air defense
capabilities had been largely
ineffective with Syrian missiles merely
being fired into open air take a listen
with way over a hundred missile shut in
they didn't shoot one down the equipment
didn't work too well their equipment and
they didn't shoot one you know you heard
oh they shot 40 down then they shot 15
now they're what they're like I said did
they no sir
every single one hit its target so I
think we can be quite confident and say
that the US side is not going to let
this lie probably already crafting a
response the email or response statement
should I say as we speak the Russian
Defense Ministry also went into detail
earlier about the targets of those 105
missiles 22 only 22 of those 105
missiles actually hit their intended
targets and it's been revealed that they
actually hit civilian objects rather
than the alleged chemical supplies the
US has been so persistent upon take a
listen
this t globe eugenia some of the
missiles didn't reach the targets
apparently due to malfunctions they were
threat to civilians there in civilian
buildings at the same time the logic of
the US UK and France in choosing the
targets is unclear they say there were
stockpiles of toxic agents there if they
were hit by cruise missiles this could
lead to widespread poisoning and if it
was for Damascus itself sense of
thousand people could have died
so this latest development is probably
going to deal a blow to the US
presidents ego as well he had boasted as
so optimistically about the performance
of his missiles and after those strikes
he even saw his popularity on the upturn
with his approval rating jumping a few
percentage points so this turnabout is
not something we could expect him to let
lie well let's see what security analyst
and former UK Army officer Charles
Shoebridge has to say about this he said
our studios in London right now hello
again welcome to RT you look at both
sides saying what they say about what
happened in Syria the discrepancies are
huge why do you think they're so far
apart on what they say happened in Syria
a couple of weeks ago well of course
there are two competing stories because
they're two competing narratives as we
know but all credit to RT for mentioning
both of them and the fact that actually
there are two narratives if you listen
to the West media of course especially a
British and American media almost
uniformly there is only one narrative
and anything else is just simply
ridiculed I mean the truth may be that
all of these weapons got through despite
the evidence for today and I can come on
to that in a moment or that only 20-odd
came through or some figure in between
which is perhaps where the truth might
lie but certainly the existence of
fragments like this could point to the
fact that some missiles malfunctioned or
shot down or simply landed in the wrong
place but even from a successful strike
you will find some fragments from the
weapons used but usually not in the kind
of sizes that we're talking about here
and so although I haven't seen all of
the footage that's been presented today
by the Russian defence ministry or by
the military it certainly suggests that
at least some of those missiles did
malfunction and indeed with such a large
number of weapons being fired and
anti-aircraft fire being directed at
them you would expect at the very least
a small proportion of them not to get
through so it may well be that the final
truth if it's ever revealed lies
somewhere in between but regardless of
this the fact that you've got in the
possession of Russia missile parts of
what are quite sophisticated weapon
systems that Russia has openly declared
and you would expect that that they are
going to be examining this to see if
their air defense systems and their
jamming systems and so on electronic
jamming systems can be improved yet
further from examining these fragments
and remains of these British American
and presumably French weapon systems
that will be a source of great concern I
think to the American British and a
French side particularly given that the
impact of these strikes in terms of
affecting the military capabilities of
Syria even less Russia of course has
been so limited and therefore there's
not much of a return a reward risk ratio
if you see what I mean has been
satisfied here in other words the
Russians have gained some technical
knowledge of weapons systems that
actually were sacrificed by the West or
by those three powers really at great
risk for actually not much tangible
benefit on the ground given that these
were largely civilian or empty targets
Charles do expect any acknowledgment
from any top brass in Washington
we used to Donald Trump speaking like
this everything's the biggest the best
that he claimed credit for Tuesday if he
could but do you expect any of the
military top brass to at least
acknowledge that yes okay we had the
targets but some may not yeah I mean
there are two questions that let me know
many questions of course over this whole
incident let alone the duma incident but
also the response to it the legal
aspects are some of those but the
military capabilities as you suggest are
also one of those issues that are being
rightly being questioned here but of
course the way that it'll be handed
publicly will be probably the way that
it's usually handed which is either it
or be ignored or think tanks and
so-called experts will be asked and put
and and tasked if you like to ridicule
those russian reports but no matter what
evidence is put on the screen it's spun
in a certain way and that applies of
course to all countries and all media or
most media and certainly it applies to
the west media at the moment you'll only
hear that one side but really and what's
interesting of course is that the
russians today have said the russian
side has said that it's tests of these
target areas has produced no evidence of
chemical weapons even in small
quantities being present and that of
course what i would sound that is that
that is actually consistent was what was
being reported by media outside the UK
and us in france pretty much at the time
you'll remember that even the day after
those strikes when those buildings were
still burning and there was a lot of
smoke and fumes still around you had
large crowds of reporters albeit not
british and american of french reporters
for whatever reason but other reporters
from india and elsewhere were on the
scene not wearing protective equipment
and the scientists and the people
working those buildings were also there
to say if there were chemical weapons
here we certainly wouldn't be able to
stand here now without protective
equipment and one further quick point on
this is that of course this is also
consistent with what the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
have themselves consistently reported
repeatedly reported in their inspection
visit reports to these plants as late as
November 2017 the OPCW was stating in
its reports reports are only published
in March of this year just a couple of
weeks before these strikes that there
was no evidence of any illicit chemical
weapons activities or storage going on
at the
plants I guess the rule of thumb is
listen to everybody make your own mind
up for now security analyst and former
British Army officer Charles shubra -
really appreciate insight on this again
thanks very much
