you never know what's around the corner
you never know what's in the pub you're
gonna walk into you never know who's
gonna be there and it's that excitement
it's that not knowing that's where the
adrenaline rush comes trough
hooliganism is by definition an extreme
sort of football supporting because
you're prepared to fight for the
reputation honour and name of your
football car
the violence is a part of it and it's
almost a schizophrenic gang culture like
it's a part-time gang culture or you can
do all these things and behave quite
badly
hooliganism is a beast if you like and
it evolves it's constantly evolving
despite owning three restaurants he
still prefers to tenderize and grill the
meat himself
it isn't just his staff and clients who
call him the chef chef is the nickname
of the founder of the wise men from
gottenberg one of the most violent gangs
of football hooligans in europe back
down extremley team didn't have it
anyways it was fun think we'll talk with
two football we went to the family and
everything in stockholm on that hand
they had so more violent supporters and
for them Gotham was kind of easy target
so thought in doing trips over there
wrecking pubs you know just harass
people and a few of us finally had a
nothing like okay it will fight back
from being us more like self-defense
poster while we consider we kind of good
it is thought to do more offense started
going to trips abroad go to Stockholm
I've been stabbed I got my ribs don't
arm Rex I'm standing I would say it
stabbed in the face before it was more
like old-school fighting storming pubs
closing each other with no rules you
know people are using sticks and knives
and bottles and everything what you're
ever gonna get your hands on chase now
it's more violent but the Royal Lance
was more expectant didn't have any rules
and you actually want to kill each other
and in the end a guy one of our guys
actually died now it's more
sportsmanship
yeah well forest fights
you can get together on hundred posts
and suppose they did tight for a myth on
60 persons when you're young you really
have to show yourself you have to
participate in all the fights and you
have to go to the games
the fighting is really important if you
wanna be along you can't like blame no
my girlfriend don't want me to go we had
to go for the young prime say five maybe
six times a year a man shouldn't be too
hard to get away six times a year to
hang up these days you really have to
train at least three times a week this
you won't see anything up otherwise I
mean if gonna take out our 25 strongest
fighters and me 25 strongest I finally
teensy don't want to have someone is
just hangover
almost everyone is matches and claiming
different sites ordinary bassists type
of thing boxing MMA and one time at we
we try to try together here we see on
Monday when they come and we try to get
long numbers with them companies and
stuff like that so it's different and
again sometimes we better secret
gathering and sometimes we meet at the
pub in the central town
if they want to fight maybe outside town
you agree to that if they want to fight
in town we must wait but also the best
way to find them is of course contact
with them maybe a doctor or just final
them to a pound or something like that
to return maybe before the game after
the game
it depends best way we think there is to
get them outside the pub so you can have
a clean fire fight without glasses
without third person usually it's about
one to three minutes what you needed to
be aggressive and be smart also tactical
it's more about tactical number skills
and one-on-one games and yeah running
and everything so if we stand
Sweden's always been interesting to me
because it's of all the clubs that I've
seen from Scandinavia they're probably
the most crazy I think they're certainly
one of the most right-wing firms that's
quite scary some of the extreme firms
you know the wise men the Babloo boys
etc all of those guys it is all about
the fight you know it becomes about the
confrontation at certain clubs not on
every game but when you've got a local
rivalry it will be if there is any
violence it will be about who comes out
on top
negocios arrests are total SAR the
company hiranya came in the river from
noon the Greek capital is divided into
zones of influence between the greens
and the Reds Panathinaikos and
Olympiacos supporting hooligans the
unison every Hebrew nasty provocative as
Navy yay
Fatima's personal to the patron a key
part of Salman is carry-ons about the
film
artistic game dream which I'm gonna be
the humor to school Gospel as Neku
persona Berkeley pit bull a hero
staccato melody Ultima of T but would a
list of mods become an opera is a bit of
a comment though me see Obama's got us
the border Kittles borrow from me after
the perilous emoji of Liberty Homer cups
to harness news he hunts McConnell
sections cup somewhere we see a poem
Oscar fishes the Portagee barricaded so
phenomenally may only become the forest
colorful drama which if you type or you
open personal sexual that's economists
an of Titanic a novella dogma
Jimmy's Emma Stone year salami second
the key tomato tearful my Nikita may
shine if Kerry amaz you know to
consumers and polish most Don October to
this V others the kayak see it's across
the gamma matrix hooligans a psychic
of dama dama dama de you Molotov
cocktail Nahor now missus ciller Garrick
style
little pillows off the field on a tracks
on some abilities
Nikki's a Mexican at Alma garlicy sake
of secrecy capitalist important
apartments many first also they say
vamos Toni Kroos que de filma a afirma
que para pants on
rivalry between the fans of to Athens
based clubs Olympiakos and Panathinaikos
has become a war of attrition that has
raged for decades the conflict has seen
dozens of young Greeks mutilated and
even killed every Athens derby provokes
street fights in southern Europe the
Fairplay rules between hooligans are
rarely observed they wear motorcycle
helmets fight with sticks steel rods and
often knives to
unicode that our mr. Sakamoto drama of
was carefully monitored Romo variants of
DNA must in a lava of the new melody
booster doses to the left at RADA Haruna
obiagu Savannah's nycos Catherine oh
Allah give us an agreement Sarco not too
stable the best motorsport a after Tom
Izzo's cure human the stomata see a lot
of attraction botanist amethyst atomic
alone Catherine give another dose
they'll be meeting like this a summer
Collison Gaston omnia chicken AMA so via
Monsieur Armand sustainable foods
yeah Lisa McCarthy Mona bottle not
responded mr. Keeble
yes the Lord motorcycle
Olympiakos fans have been banned for the
team's next two games but even though no
spectators will be able to attend the
next match that doesn't mean there will
be no fighting the Olympiakos hooligans
are scouring the city and search of
rival groups two hours before kickoff
scouts report finding 20 odd
Panathinaikos hools a group of Reds
immediately sets off for the location
finding anything they could use as a
weapon close to hand
it's the threat of violence and the
potential for violence that is where the
adrenaline comes one of the attractions
of the hood have been culture for many
is the fact that it's a matchday thing
it doesn't impact on the rest of the
week so and in many cases you won't even
see the guys you see at football during
the working week because you come from
all different places do all different
things
football in extreme politics I've always
been linked because football provides a
very good recruiting ground for these
people because you've got groups of
working-class lads together so it's easy
to spread that message easy to find
you know like-minded individuals my view
my personal view is that the country
everyone needs to be keeping an eye on
in terms of hooliganism and racism is
Germany because of the the immigration
situation I think there is a huge amount
of anger in Germany and it's festering
because they have history let's face it
a few hours before the game the
Stuttgart hooligans and ultras gather in
an informal club that only group members
can enter not even the police can get in
without a warrant spiel a cinema
wouldn't under fifty swine deployed a
chilling a business in pink mass or run
game islets amidst argon Andres is a
veteran hooligan in Stuttgart a
distinguished member of the group he
started fighting back in the 80s he is
one of the few who aren't afraid to show
their faces the big leaf hooligans cap
sapphire garnet or exact ba this is this
belief covered and I recommend our
segment Weber your caps I mainly got
aching their annoyed sigh totally hating
that so we come in a no foreboding like
this but then I end up there so I can
show you this is what Rudy can caption
it for your ears when starting can run
and whenever fight this bunch of table
are not sidekicks not yet if you're
gonna say another 15 so knockouts were
found and similar I was in two cows MIT
MIT Stein it omits in the Tasha I'm as
much dining each missing and knocking
some banner from Sean does it uh the
sparsity a speakers who spoke schlager
library team except this one is from the
second man Jeff a matter of kit and
advice
mine rector mine Lingam I never saw you
know so I became Alice this decision
song a bunch of seafood this one we must
always remember sight inside a party
Schmidt the China finder or the
political system also soon as idiot soon
comedy Nishioka chanced not
indiscriminate spirits wouldn't yeah
unhappy Schieffer the caps Ivor
researchers argue with me again last
this is named ensign Laura vanish may
mean film trim Mamata and more will get
down far less finished art
I'm your mardi Desperados funny intended
only to consider fewer fulfill yawn he
fucks not soon he won't sign our
statements in not only black sunburns
and a poem I'm a leaf on one loss
invented the spa that siphoned woody
revalidate which taking Standish I wish
as shipping Rangel often and so forth
King depleted in Madras so the ending
garnish and foil to drink away caffeine
and small a moment only shared the same
landscape are taught in some destroyed
in a void
Sushma donhad in the Senate anger
watchman young chloroquine good one
before advanced in midfield Lawton
manhood she motif of Ironman the
different events appear on the Lord even
familiar alpha want - I'm Vanessa heavy
odbms a mansion - under combat is laden
damash Lauri fun but in Wilkinson
Martian sister Lord Sylvania action turn
considered in hooligans really problem
with bullets are real our annual
shooting
the search of such animal divide begin
in Yahoo not grab scope Union to give a
dispute of the scrotum game the two
a month before the Stuttgart game German
police visited the headquarters of one
hooligan gang to interrogate its leaders
they learned that a large fight was
being planned ever since then all over
the country police have watched fans and
hooligans closely on match days
before it was the cellphone now they're
using the internet to make contact and
then they're doing it in a way which is
as anonymous as they can be and as
secret as they can make it but again
that adds to the attraction it is that
excitement of planning stuff
it's about bullying it's about coming
out on top it's about who is the bravest
the maddest the most organized the most
violent the most well trained really and
it becomes like almost a warfare it's a
common place to paint graffiti in in
Gothenburg you have the main bridge in
Gothenburg right here and it's well
located because you can see it whenever
you travel the main bridge you'll see
the the painting you know for example
what will happen if the pools from
another city will come and try to paint
over it of course that's not good they
will have a reaction I live hooligan
life 24/7 no doubts but of course extra
at matches if we have a chance to get a
fight maybe you'll you know prepare a
bit hi erupted and match itself but it
all depends on the match also and the
type of fight that you can get into
hopefully we'll get a fight you're gonna
are very big arrivals to us and we
always want to get a chance to put them
in the place
we don't have a good relationship with
the cops of course they try to lock us
up they try to stop our fights more cops
of
when you're in the fight when you're in
that so when it's hard to explain how
you feel about it that it's an
incredible rush adrenaline euphoria rage
everything all the emotions mixed up in
one no doubts
please without really much you know
loads of problems in Sweden they don't
deal with hooligans in number one target
really can't understand it because they
know we have all rooms you know Sweden
scene is kind in this good you know of
course they kicked it toward each other
in the fields but still we don't we
don't overdo it when you're knocked down
you knock down lowest and stomping and
jumping on people and they know that as
well so I really don't get it
if you were to kill one of them this
whole thing would escalate it would be
like to do to the crack of the door bits
in Poland or something I mean killing
each other over there we didn't want
that edge about harm or kill someone
yeah yes it's a it's a fight you know
when you get you you get bonuses get
kicks and in the end you win the fight
and I mean sometimes it's kind of hard
to stop yourselves alright this guy just
broke my nose and passed my two thoughts
of course I'm gonna stomp in in the face
they have a few extra times
I'm your highness I've been designing 50
ha there's but me right now so I think
some false Bay Oh sports far this is
Ramirez against Gonzales practice in a
mess under to Gore associates in mid
section at night every way into Fallon
had to come present admonitory sense
that the tail club ballot will forgive
into the Ferguson and either has an SSD
gave much
Samara become a shot robust Misaki
tonight the the supercomputer now then
Oksana for us then a unique Atit in a
moment
is anneka prevalent iconic a via KO ma
de meses que é Birdo
Jaime stotram Athena's ETFs to
unpregnant garlic so about your mother's
I give you the grief in a very thin
super Lea
yami-san kitchen
I would rather win a fight against a
really good opponent then when a
football game of course I want the team
to win and I want to feel up to it but
family for job team for me and my kids
don't anything about it if it's between
being a predator or prey of course I
wanted to be predators and not prey
hooliganism is their beast if you like
and it evolves it's constantly evolving
but quite what happened in the future I
really don't know the fact that it's
still news proves that they haven't
solved it they'll never solve it they
know that never solve it
