now the headlines Moscow says it's not
satisfied with the UK's responses to its
questions about the poisoning of a
former double agent and his daughter in
the South of England last month in an
attempt to cut through all the confusion
two Russians have put some questions of
their own to the head of the OPCW the
International chemical weapons watchdog
what AG as DF joins us now with more
well the two Russian prankers who are
infamous speak lightly they've they've
really released the recording where they
pranked the head of the OPCW the
organisation for the prohibition of
chemical weapons are made zooom true now
these two individuals the prankers what
they usually do is they call up heads of
states as well as important officials
and they bring up sensitive issues in
this case the opcw's involvement in the
investigation of the scrapple case where
former russian agent was poisoned along
with his daughter in Great Britain they
asked him about what he was poisoned
with the legend Lee a Nova chop series
nerve agent according to us experts it
can be produced in any state so that
this cannot be excluded however also the
Russians claimed that there were some
research activities on such substances
elsewhere which may be true but the
states which may have conducted such
activities would have done it for
protective defensive purposes how to
detect it how to defend or I should say
how to create develop some antidotes
against the use of such substances and
so on
now this Jew is notorious and Russia
praised and criticized an equal measure
they've pranked for example the UN
representative to the UN nikki Haley as
well as world leaders such as the
president of Ukraine and you know
there's been a fair amount of
directed at them what they usually do is
they call these people they bring up
issues and try to get a rise I have a
tow to get people to Rambo in this case
it was more serious the second thing
that they brought up was the opcw's
involvement in the investigation of the
chemical attack alleged chemical attack
in East guta in Syria they asked they
asked the head of the OPCW about these
rumors that West the West has all but
accused Russia of interfering in the
investigation they seem to be willing to
support the team deployment they also
did it in writing and we hope that the
situation will will evolve and will
allow us the team to complete its work
safely the safety of our staff of course
is of primary concern mr. prime minister
we cannot take really two to high risks
now as someone who keeps up with their
recordings and you know what they what
they do I can't say this was their best
work this was a little bit too serious
but I doubt it'll I'd a dual effect
either investigation
