so let me just say I can't imagine I
can't imagine having someone more
qualified be Secretary of State
unfortunately I do not believe director
Pompeo someone who will always
prioritize diplomacy over conflict
particularly in the context of the
aggressive foreign policy voices growing
around him I'm particularly concerned
because of his past comments on regime
change in North Korea and Iran for
example he will be speaking for the
president when he travels he's the
appropriate person for that it's
critically important that the Secretary
of State be an independent voice in the
White House I am concerned about that I
think is not the right person for this
position
what nominee would you vote yes for I
don't want to vote for people or anti
diplomatic to be the nation's chief
diplomat the Senate committee chose to
back Mike Pompeo his nomination after a
Noro votes following a last-minute
reversal by Republican Senator Rand Paul
he had been a staunch critic of the
outgoing CIA head over his hawkish
stance if not for Paul's last-minute
switch Mike Pompeo could have been on
track for a historic distinction the
first secretary of state nominee not to
pass the committee stage with more on
all this Samira Khan Mike Pompeo
Washington's top diplomat well that's as
soon as he's confirmed by the US Senate
but after the Foreign Relations
Committee confirmed his nomination he's
one step closer to heading the State
Department we were port him to the floor
in a positive manner one thing it
remembers this committee for the
diligence they've displayed I think
we've done the right thing now it was
tense up until the very end but one
Republican senator kept up the suspense
Rand Paul could have paved the way for
what would have been a historic snub by
the committee but a phone call from
Donald Trump seems to have sealed the
deal I will say this about Rand Paul
he's never
Rand Paul is a very special guy as far
as I'm concerned he's never let me down
and I don't think he'll let us down
again now it took some persuading since
Rand Paul who's known for his staunch
anti interventionist policies wasn't too
pleased with Trump's choice someone who
advocates for a staying forever in
Afghanistan another Iraq war bombing
Syria without permission
so these are the advice you will give
and I guess that's my biggest concern
with your nomination is that I don't
think it reflects the millions of people
who voted for president Trump who
actually voted for him because they
thought it'd be different but it
wouldn't be the traditional bipartisan
consensus to bomb everywhere and be
everywhere around the world and he
wasn't the only one with reservations at
that April 12th
are we assembling a war cabinet of John
Bolton and Mike Pompeo that are going to
result in devastating consequences
bypassing Congress's authority in
regards to the use of military force and
perhaps engaging in another poorly
thought through mistake like our war on
Iraq but if you judge Pompeo solely on
his answers that that hearings might
seem a bit tame it's time to call out
WikiLeaks for what it really is a non
state hostile intelligence service often
abetted by state actors like Russia I
can't think of a thing that has put
America in a better position as a result
of this deal
a very real danger
I hardly ever escape a day at the White
House without the president asking me
about North Korea and how it is that the
United States is responding to that
threat it's very much at the top of his
mind they are ever closer to having the
capacity to hold America at risk with a
nuclear weapon
now the harvard-educated veteran is a
firm believer that the u.s. is truly
unique if we embrace the regime change
in other nations we can hardly say but
this is something that only the u.s.
gets to do said I must say I don't find
I don't find the I don't find the moral
equivalency there that this is this is a
unique exceptional country Russia is
unique but not exceptional and with that
attitude he's a shoo-in for the job at
the overall level it is it's a very bad
sign that Trump keeps surrounding
himself with with right-wing Internet
Hawks on foreign policy and now we've
got a Secretary of State who is not
known for being a diplomat is known to
be a hawk on foreign policy and he it
doesn't come from a diplomatic
background he comes you know with more
of a militaristic background he his
policies and statements that he's
advocated have been very hawkish so this
is you know this is very ominous
actually
