a saudi-led coalition airstrike on a
wedding party in Yemen has killed at
least 20 people dozens more were injured
it isn't fact feared that the casualty
figures are even higher with some
reports saying that as many as 50 people
were killed a warning the following
video has disturbing imagery
this is my nephew who was injured last
night by the airstrike his two brothers
were killed
just some background to this the
saudi-led coalition intervened in the
country almost three years ago to fight
Houthi rebels Riyadh regard them as
terrorists that are opposed to the
Yemeni government which it backs the
conflict brought the country to what the
United Nations describes as the worst
humanitarian crisis in modern history we
heard from a local journalist who say is
that Saudi planes targeted a
non-military area and not for the first
time I visited a place in Santa ban
where the witting had talked place there
this area was very far away from many
military positions
I met with the people there and they
talked to me they told me that they have
heard the the warplanes hovering over
the the wedding and different times and
suddenly they have we heard we didn't
expect that the saudi arabia's fighter
jets would target everything at that
time it's not the first of its kind to
take place since the beginning of the
saudi-led coalition war on Yemen in
order to drive out what they describe
the healthy rebels from the areas we
have already taken control after the
after 2014 the situation continues to to
further deteriorate
