it's come to light US military personnel
have been working closely with Lebanese
Armed Forces who were believed to have
ties to the Hezbollah group which is
listed as a terror organization by
Washington the issue was raised in
Congress on Wednesday the United States
has provided exceptional support for the
Lebanese Armed Forces in recent years
and not just financial support it's not
simply a dollars and cents issues we
have personnel working closely with and
in the Lebanese Armed Forces figures
show since 2006 the US has provided
nearly 1.7 billion dollars to help the
Lebanese army
the security assistance funds were
mainly used to provide equipment
facilities and training after the
disclosure a State Department official
said that the u.s. keeps track of all
equipment handed over decreasing the
risk of Hezbollah actually using it
however some members of Congress along
with regional experts to argue there's
no difference between the Lebanese army
and Hezbollah which is supported by Iran
former US Army Major General Paul
Vallely believes funding and sending
personnel to support the LAF is a big
mistake do not only put money with the
Lebanese armed forces but to put US
security forces with them it's a bad
mistake on the United States part to
whoever made this decision because
Hezbollah basically is controlling the
entire Lebanese Armed Forces at this
time that just came from my source
inside Lebanon Hezbollah is a major
terrorist group supported by Iran and of
course the conflict between the United
States and Iran now is very great as
well as a conflict between US ally
Israel and Hezbollah and Iran so it just
doesn't make sense to me that we didn't
do our homework correctly in the United
States we don't want to support that we
don't want to support the Lebanese Armed
Forces
