the UN special envoy for Syria has said
that peace efforts will have to be
relaunched following the us-led bombing
of the country last week America the UK
and France fired more than a hundred
cruise missiles at Syria saying it was
in response to alleged an alleged
chemical attack Stefan de Mistura
discussed the issue with the Russian
Foreign Minister who said the bombing
has derailed the peace process expected
this to be so tense
and very very potential danger of peace
and security this what has happened last
week has not helped after Sochi in
Geneva the three countries the u.s. the
UK and France have not only bombed
imaginary chemical facilities in Syria
but also bombed the Geneva peace process
well although no actual categorical
evidence of chemical weapons being used
has been put forward the Assad
government's been accused of gassing
civilians and even before the
International chemical watchdog could
start its official probe into the
allegations the US UK and France
launched airstrikes on the country
largely on the basis of social media
reports
we cannot launch a the United States
cannot launch a military attack based
upon in your window and without real
facts again we saw this in 2003 and
we're still living through the
disastrous consequences of that decision
if you're gonna launch a military attack
particularly in this part of the world
where so many other players are
potentially involved such as Russia Iran
and as well as Syria itself it could
easily cause a slope of a catastrophic
disaster in that region if not in the
world the ability for escalation at that
point military escalation is great and
we saw that in Iraq so are we going to
be seeing history repeating itself but
on a larger scale what Poli Boyko takes
a look now at what's being tripped being
portrayed in the West as a humanitarian
intervention in Syria after allegations
of a chemical attack Syrians were
immediately reassured because in case
you missed it heavily armed Western
warplanes were on their way with a
humanitarian intervention
missiles from France Britain and the US
are like no other because they combine
high-tech killing power with good
intentions there are plenty of other
countries involved in the Syrian
clusterfuck but it's only the really
nice ones doing it for humanitarian
purposes the anglo-saxons and the Gauls
are traditionalists after all when it
comes to weapons they prefer the
conventional kind they've tried the
chemical ones and the biological and the
nuclear ones in 1201 world war ii Korea
Vietnam Iraq 1 and Iraq 2
so when they tell you they'd really
rather you didn't use them they are
after all speaking from experience
so the message to despots and terrorists
is Viktor conventional weapons and if
possible vibes from Western arms dealers
because that way you can fire them
safely from the moral high ground these
three amigos dubbed their friday foray
into syria a humanitarian intervention
they literally fired millions of dollars
worth of humanitarian aid into the
country
storm shadow missiles were humanely
intervening at a million bucks apiece
while every Tomahawk cruise missile
represents a one and a half million
dollar aid package all extremely
efficient in getting help to the people
who really need it so what did the Syria
mission really achieve apart from
blowing up a few empty buildings where
everyone had been told to take the night
off anyway for leaders under the cosh in
Washington London and Paris this kind of
PR is the bomb surgically striking a
lesson into Syria
makes for much better headlines at home
stormy homie brexit and parisian
protesters getting a police gassing of
their own mission accomplished
