hey you know what I'm glad you're
talking about the fight because it was a
wonderful fight it was epic khabib was
so unbelievably dominant and performed
so well and was fearless he landed a big
right hand it was a fantastic
performance by that man a fantastic
performance
that you know I'm glad you brought that
up on Russia today sports I did said
that if you've lost I thought he might
retire I now do not think there's any
likelihood of that because this is
unfinished for a person like McGregor
for for you know for both these guys and
everybody around them it all feels quite
unfinished from their personal
perspectives and I would think that all
McGregor will be thinking about now is
have even a mega Madoff
I was actually up we had a box I was
with the Canadian broadcast partner and
we had a box and so my perspective I
could see the entire the entire floor
arena the cage everything we had a
bird's eye perspective
yes yes we were able to see it all
happening and it happened very quickly
but what what's interesting about that
perspective is you see how big the
pushing the shoving the melee how big it
can be instead of seeing one or two
people in your perspective you see all
these people running over to to these
moments and these intense emotional
moments and it was pretty wild
first of all Habib just put on a
brilliant performance a brilliant
performance but he was emotional at the
end he runs as it's over he runs her
first he holds on to the choke a little
long which you know I think we could
expect him with when there's that much
emotion you you've seen that kind of
thing before then he runs and he leaps
over the cage and in a second and he's
into the audience and taking swings at
Dylan donnas and Dylan Danis is a
jujitsu partner and and part you know
partially coach to Conor McGregor and he
starts to go after him and then while
that's happening some of Habib's team
jumped into the cage or one of them
threw a couple big punches landed on
Conor from the angle and hit him pretty
hard and then it was bedlam it was
bedlam that there was the cage was full
and people there were a couple little
fights out in the stands somebody kind
of tried a couple of fans tried to
attack him beep on his way out as well
it was an emotional and intense
situation
we have seen this kind of thing happen
before and the UFC bought an
organization called Strikeforce and
there was an intense that sort of this
type of thing that happened there with
the Diaz brothers and Gilbert Melendez
and their team where they went after the
other team so this is this is a reaction
to the intense you know when McGregor
tries to to go after people and use when
McGregor tries to go after people and
use words and ideas and and say things
that try to elevate the temperature of
the opponent he doesn't intentionally
with the desire to make them emotional
so that perhaps he can take advantage of
that emotion this is a byproduct of that
with because McGregor is unafraid to go
to the dark places he'll say things
about family he'll say things about
country he'll say things about about
even make reference to religion he's not
afraid of to do any of those things but
once you open that box once you start
open that box and you go into some of
those those more emotionally triggering
powerful things people react and this is
an extension of that would be the
temperature has was raised and it popped
well whether or not it could be reacted
in that way you know as a direct result
or not that is in debate but I don't
think there's much of a debate that the
intensity of that creates an emotional
charge you're going to places deep
meaningful places to people you talk
about somebody's father you talk about
their country you talk about these are
emotional places and by going there the
purpose of that for people in with you
who use this strategy and it is an
ancient strategy it has been used for
many generations and conflict war
battles all different types of things
when you use those those those deep
emotional things the purpose is to get
an emotional reaction
jos√©e Aldo was very emotional when cut
when he fought Conor McGregor so he so
he attacked it was overextend to be
reached you're trying to create a motion
by doing it and emotion was created and
that is a this was an emotional reaction
how beam is going to get bigger the
people who love him and the people who
support him all of this intensity that
everything has raised will make people
even more emotional even more conflict
even more controversy and in 2018 this
is something that feeds celebrity it
feeds people buying fights it feeds all
of these things and you know Habib is
going to be an even bigger legend to
some and enemy to others and that is a
powerful thing that is a powerful thing
welcome beep this will be forever
attached to Habib nurmagomedov this will
be a part of his life story forever now
for some people they will be even more
behind him because now we've elevated
the battle between him and Conor
McGregor and others are going to judge
him harshly there will be some fans who
don't support him now but the overall
effect of it is it going to it's going
to make him a bigger name is going to
make more people interested and you know
if Conor McGregor wants to fight him
again Habib might make ten times the
money if that's important to him ten
times the celebrity all of those things
that is a reality in today's world
people respond very very intensely to
these things and yes I think but there
are also some challenges there are some
real challenges for Habib he will be
suspended I'm certain of it by the
Nevada Athletic Commission that if that
suspension is six months or nine months
or a year the UFC there Dana was asked
tonight if he would stripped a baby and
he didn't suggest that he would strip
him for this but he said if the
suspension was very long that and he was
not able to fight for a long time he
might be stripped of it so there's the
possibility that Habib even you know
could lose his title if he's suspended
for too long so all of these things are
going to be a short-term look giant
project turbulent Road for the champion
Habib nurmagomedov but in the long run
this will be part of his story forever
and he is a if if there's anybody who
didn't know people like us who love
fighting
we know how special Habib is anybody who
didn't know his name tomorrow morning
then they will know his then and for
better or for worse that is the truth
well my personal philosophy is that I
always want to credit the winner you
know I never believed in looking and
making excuses for the loser can be
dominated that man and and beat him
soundly and cleanly and to suggest our
counter was in the shape or any of these
things I think that is a disrespectful
conversation too heavy but I won't have
that because this man earned that fight
was wonderful and it was a dominant and
it was fantastic all the stuff that
happened after not so fantastic no not
it's I spend a lot of time telling
people that this is the most beautiful
sport in the world and when when they
watch that they may disagree and and and
I think that's a bad thing
but when it's just straight up the fight
Habib is a special wonderful combat
artist and you know another thought on
that is Conor had a strategy now then
nobody's ever beaten her beep and you're
like how can he be beaten you must start
with a strategy and McGregor had won and
still failed he had a good strategy
which was in round one stay calm he
didn't get to hurt round two he go was
dropped by Habib but and he was hurt a
little more but by round three now he's
able to he wanted to slow down it was
American strategy up until Habib got him
down again but still felt was not enough
Conor skill disease and as as good of an
approach and how prepared they had with
a strategy not enough Habib was too good
and and too strong and too technically
good and and too fearless and too
aggressive and and he earned that win he
earned that was a wonderful performance
by her bleep the things that happened
after not so wonderful
