hello I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report hello Tacey max in the second
half you have Mitch Firestein who has
lots of charts but in the first half we
have lots of data you know the Empire
State manufacturing survey came out and
it looks like for the next six months
looking into the future manufacturers in
New York are not so optimistic but
actually the IMF who is also meeting in
Washington DC well there they revised
their forecasts to look more optimistic
for US growth they've increased the US
growth rate for 2018 by 0.2 percent so
there they're saying everything's
looking good through 2020 through the
next elections but we're gonna get to
that in the next episode this episode I
want to focus on the tax cuts so who's
right the Empire State manufacturing
survey or the IMF well wage growth well
short of what was promised from tax
reform the latest employment situation
report from the Bureau of Labor
Statistics shows weekly employee
earnings have grown $75 since tax reform
passed well short of the 4,000 to $9,000
annual increase is projected by
President Trump and House Speaker Paul
Ryan so you see that's the tax passage
basically Americans have seen on average
six dollars and 21 cents increase in
their weekly earnings which obviously
Falls it's like three hundred and twenty
three dollars a year they had promised
four to six thousand nine thousand
dollars good know they know it's all
about optics yeah it sounds good but you
know there's a lot of gatekeepers and
intermediaries and those generally are
the big corporations that will always
glob the majority of any possible gains
by anyone at any time that's right and
we'll actually get into that so in an in
the next headline about how basically
all the tax cuts indeed did inject well
over a trillion dollars today that costs
over a trillion dollars most of it has
gone to the top but back to the bottom
here assuming a full 52 weeks of work
the six dollars and twenty one cent
increase in weekly earnings would result
in a three hundred and twenty three
dollar annual increase nowhere near the
minimum four thousand dollars promise
and a $9,000 potential annual increase
is projected by
president chump and speaker Ryan if
significant cuts were made to corporate
tax rates whether or not that's going to
lead to anything we don't know but there
were those thousand dollar bonuses that
doesn't count those things that happened
like from the likes of Walmart gave
$1,000 to every employee American
Airlines Delta Air Lines all these
airlines gave $1000 to employees so this
doesn't count that as well yeah that's
mean it's a weekend beer you know party
but other than that it's meaningless
like I've said always now for many years
that the way the system should work is
that every stock bond security
underwritten by Wall Street or any bank
in America one percent should be carved
out and put into Social Security so that
Americans whether they have a job as
minimum wage workers or whether they're
CEOs all across the spectrum everyone
gets to participate in this thing called
the American economy because if you
don't own stocks you're not part of the
American economy that's true most of it
is owned by the top 10% but let's go
into one of the specifics so you know
there were a lot of headlines that were
captured in the first few weeks of the
year and that was that you know $1,000
bonuses that was the big number right so
let's just show how paltry that actually
was compared to the savings that these
companies had so they talk about navient
they announced that it would be giving
$1000 bonuses to 98% of its 6700
employees paying out nearly seven
million dollars in bonuses while that
may seem generous it pales in comparison
to navin potential tax savings using
navien 2016 net income is 2016 effective
tax rate estimated annual tax savings of
nearly two hundred million dollars and
it it's announced bonuses we calculate
that announced bonuses represent less
than 4% of navient potential tax savings
so we give them you know hundred million
and they give four million away and I
was in my teen years I used to do magic
and Times Square and they used to watch
the three-card Monte guys very carefully
and the tourists would come in and
they'd lose thousands of dollars but
it's very important
when you're doing three-card Monte and
time squirt to avoid having a tourist
beat you up to let them win once you
know particularly at the end so they may
lose 5,000 bucks but if they win 20
bucks at the end in their minds they're
thinking see I'm a winner I'm a winner I
beat the guy same thing in this instance
they take millions and billions of
dollars worth of fraudulent tax
engineering but they give you a thousand
dollars and in your mind you're saying
see I'm a winner I'm the big winner here
at the table and it's sad that they use
such base psychological tricks to fool
millions of Americans into thinking that
they're not getting completely raked
over the coals but it does work well
it's also not a thousand dollars to most
Americans remember we know that
something like 65% have less than $400
in savings for an emergency well it you
know it's on a relative basis then that
might be a lot of money but the the fact
that the likes of Naviance are
collecting ninety six percent of a bonus
and only four percent go to the bottom
98 percent of their employees well
that's it's the it's that that income
gap and that wealth gap in America
that's the problem not necessarily how
much money you know when you when you
talk about all the billionaire that that
wealth and income gap people say well
the poorest Americans are doing better
than the you know the richest Africans
and you know Somalia or something like
that so I think it's within the society
and that's that that's the problem I
think in the long term for economic
growth is that an income gap but in
terms of just how much of these tax cuts
of the over trillion dollars and tax
cuts are going to the top well tax cut
savings flow to company stockholders
trickle to hourly workers in the first
three months of 2018 investors received
a hundred and nine point two billion
dollars in dividends up more than eight
percent from the 100 point nine billion
received in the same period a year
earlier according to S&P Dow Jones
indices in fact the sp500 quarterly
dividend payments set a new record and
on top of that JP Morgan has come out
with an estimate
what the share buybacks this year will
be and that will be a new all-time high
which is eight hundred billion dollars
eight hundred billion dollars and share
buybacks about a trillion dollars in tax
cuts its financial apartheid whether
it's the way interest rates are
structured to penalize the poor or
whether dividends are structured to
enrich the kleptocrats its version of
financial apartheid we live in an
apartheid state here in America
engineered by Wall Street so eight
hundred billion dollars in share
buybacks this year five hundred and
twenty seven billion was the number last
year now this also by the way you know
reduces the amount of shares outstanding
that the public can own so it's taking
more and more stock off the stock
markets by the way we're also your
pension funds have to invest so there's
less and less available for anybody to
participate in the public stock of this
code the stock markets being taken
private with the help of artificially
cheap interest rates and after this
capitalist failure comes neo feudalism
and on top of that by the way they're
also they're not just buying their
shares back with cash they're buying it
back with debt and part of that is tack
shenanigans like Apple has hundreds of
billions of dollars overseas but the
only way to get it back without being
taxed on it is to issue debt here and
buy share backs everyone's good
ultimately go it goes from back aid at
Bank B to Bank C to bank deed a foreign
bank to bank z2 Bank you all where the
Federal Reserve Bank how to take it
multi trillion dollars worth of debt oh
is it financial engineering and
financial apartheid who will bail out
the Federal Reserve Bank
Oh it'll be a bill in that's right all
of your savings will be given to the new
Federal Reserve Chairman because
otherwise there would be a humanitarian
crisis we need to avoid any humanitarian
crisis
so another story to put into this
context of workers hourly wages not
increasing and I'm not seeing any
benefit to the tax cuts but the tax cuts
will add to the deficit and the national
debt
in a big way but here's another story
out from truth in accounting and they're
looking at the US if they had to provide
accounting like all other humans and
corporations and entities do and that is
US government spending may exceed 60% of
GDP u.s. federal government spending is
expected to blow to over four point
seven trillion dollars during fiscal
2020 according to Congressional Budget
Office data released this week however
aggressive accounting may be hiding a
far worse situation total spending by
the Trump administration this fiscal
year may be more than double what the
nonpartisan CBO admits worse overall US
federal state and local government
spending may exceed 60 percent of GDP
and we'll go into how this is calculated
but basically all those Social Security
and Medicare payments actually are not
counted now but the debts that they
actually cost now but the debts are
written they create debt which doesn't
isn't paid off until like a couple
decades from now so they pretend it
didn't happen this year all right they
say that the federal debt is 20 21 22
trillion dollars but if you account for
the total debt picture it's 60 70 80
trillion dollars so Donald Trump I have
this message mr. president
tear down that wall that wall being the
interest rate apartheid wall I thought
you were saying that wall of debt that
wall of jet you know address the
internal financial apartheid state first
and then go address these other problems
in Mexico and Syria and all that others
for adventures that the founders warned
us against so the warning comes here
from Sheila Weinberg and she's the CEO
of truth and accounting government
budgeting works on a cash basis
she says that enables them to leave many
of their expenses and liabilities off
the books
so they calculate her group calculates
that the federal government's unrecorded
Social Security Medicare and other debts
have increased by four point seven
trillion dollars a year on average
the past decade that's on top of the
unfunded liabilities done then there's
the national debt and then there's a
national deficit so right now they're
saying the deficit that our budget
shortfall per year is four point seven
trillion but in fact they're saying this
truth in accounting is saying that
actually it's closer to nine trillion a
year that we're spending which is almost
like what our GDP is thirteen trillion
okay so to be clear this is talking
about the deficit yeah not the debt the
debt which includes unfunded liabilities
then I made reference to as many more
Chileans of dollars than we are led to
believe yes this is attacking the
deficit what you're saying the deficit
is many more trillions of dollars more
than we're being told the deficit is
your annual budget how much you go over
your annual budget at the end of the
year the the year has ended and a new
year starts so you put the four point
seven trillion or the in this case nine
trillion on top of the debt the national
debt so that goes back onto that pile
that keeps on going higher and higher in
terms of the unfunded liabilities in
total the national debt what they say is
that is a hundred of one trillion at
September 2017 less fifty four point two
trillion when calculated on the same
basis at the end of twenty seven so the
debt the deficit is rising the debt
national debt is rising rising rising
right and it can't you know that and the
payment on the even at these low rates
is hundreds of billions of dollars in
escalating incredibly anyway we got to
go to a break don't go away stay right
there
welcome back to the Kaiser report on Max
Keiser time now to turn to Mitch
Firestein he's the author of the
internationally acclaimed planet Ponzi
now available in various languages Mitch
welcome back hey great to be here why
did you bring your pen around this time
this one the one that breaks yeah that's
a very expensive pen and how many of
these have I broken so far Mitch five
six it's tough to come on this show I
think makes them it's it's great you
know credit Mont Blanc is fantastic show
the people your shoelaces before the end
of the show we'll show them now let's
get into some interesting topics here
Mitch Feinstein the Federal Reserve
balance sheet you know because this
explains everything you are the man of
the charts you really brought some
charts what's happening we've got some
charts today yes the first one we're
going to look at is if the Federal
Reserve's five trillion eerily five
trillion dollar balance sheet this
explains how we've got the most
grotesque asset bubbles in history so
that the Fed just keeps printing money
and that's why markets keep levitating
and we've seen the most grotesque
bubbles in bonds stocks property and
credit markets that you know in history
around the world and the other central
banks like the Bank of Japan European
Central Bank and the Bank of England
have jumped on the money printing
bandwidth let me jump in for a second
because you talked about asset bubbles
but it also leads to malinvestment
because there's no accountability if
some industries know that every mistake
is met with more free money and I'm
thinking about the military and the
defense contractors who do very well by
just bombing people with no
accountability they don't go to Congress
they don't go to Parliament they don't
ask the bomb people they just bomb
people because they know that there's no
end to the money there's no
accountability and they're in cahoots
with these central bank's in a large way
it's not a fair statement yeah well I
mean look at some of the
military-industrial complex characters
like Boeing and Lockheed Martin there
are a couple of them that are up almost
2,000 percent since the war on terror
but the war on what is the war on terror
really it seems to it more like it's a
war on democracy and look I mentioned
this on a show a long time ago first
what you have is occurring
which we had nine eight or nine years
ago we're still seeing currency wars
currency wars lead to trade Wars and
trade Wars lead ultimately to hot wars
now the war on democracy I mean this is
propaganda squared I mean you can't
believe anything that's in the
traditional media anymore CNN for
example you know own CNN Turkey which is
a propaganda network CNN America is not
much better in terms of propaganda but
whenever say the UK the UK think about
the propaganda on BBC and think about
what Theresa May and Boris the liar
Johnson have done to bring a war into
Syria and the events in cells Barry
where they said oh the Russians did it
after five hours and then of course
Assad bombed people you don't need
evidence anymore to start a war they
don't go to Parliament they don't need
the people to say it's okay if they want
war word is and the military-industrial
complex makes money and we lose the
taxpayers lose okay and to keep this you
know in the frame of kind of my
perspective that I'm trying to put
across here is that a lot of it can be
accounted for by having an economy that
has no accountability and that non
accountability and malinvestment goes
back to the central bank because the
central bank is not hewing to any known
standards of accounting that would
require for example tying at tying what
they do to the gold for example as they
have done in the past they simply print
with reckless abandon there's a new guy
in charge Jerome Powell at the Fed he
took over for Janet Yellen what's the
story with him now well I mean he is
Janet Yellen except you know he's just
wearing a different mask so he's the
Bernanke Yellen he they've just shifted
the baton let me just again jump in
mention we're talking about central
bank's okay now Russia
you mentioned Russia they have a central
bank from a woman named Elvira mmm is
their first name exactly can't remember
her last name but I love the first time
how would you contrast these two central
bankers because a lot of people like
James Rickards for example says that the
central bank woman who leads a Russian
central bank is the best of the world
why does he say that well I think you
know if you look at the economies you
can't compare the
United States economy to Russia's
economy and you know you have to
identify what are you know the global
threats and what are not global threats
and if you look at what's the economy in
Russia it's under two trillion dollars
in real terms the United States
economies around 17 trillion to 19
trillion depending upon what numbers you
look at its miniscule but the United
States has debt to the magnitude of
around 250 trillion dollars when you
include all the Social Welfare
entitlement programs like Social
Security Medicare what's the value of
America it's negative what's the book
value of Russia bankrupt what's the book
value of Russia there's no there's no
real debt America has a negative book is
what I'm getting at there's not really a
lot of debt which is really significant
in the in the global scheme of things so
if you disrupt the global narrative
which is what we have going on right now
globalism is a big narrative if you look
at what happened you know going back
digressing a bit to the central banks
and the central banks supporting zombie
institutions with low interest rates so
you've got a bunch of companies it
should have gone bankrupt Tesla is a
perfect example that lives off of
government subsidies and the fat of the
land if you didn't have zero percent
interest rates in the European Central
Bank meddling in the corporate bond
markets and the Swiss National Bank
buying equities you wouldn't have
support like this but then you've got
you've got other you know narratives in
the background that are running to try
to run globalism have the
military-industrial complex and the the
characters of the deep state pushing
propaganda out to everybody who will
believe it the dams in the system you
know you put up a dam across a river and
the water goes over that dam and it
produces hydroelectric power the reason
I mention that is by way of an analogy
to get to my next point and chart and
which is money velocity here's a dam in
the works of global finance that's not
producing any energy is producing kind
of like constipation in many ways muddy
velocity we've talked about it before
it's still trending lower despite all of
this money printing walk us through it
right well
this is this is this illustrates that
we're in an environment where eventually
we'll have hyperinflation and it will
not be controllable by the central banks
who think they know everything and this
is going to catch a lot of people off
foot look you can never pick as I've
said before at the top of a bubble but I
can tell you we're definitely in a
bubble right now in a net in every
market if you look at the chart on the
velocity of money you'll see that it's
it's crashed to low levels not even seen
in 1959 yet the government's keep
telling us that we're in an economic
recovery so it's a fake economic
recovery the narrative is a total lie
and most of the people watching this
show will realize that things haven't
gotten better economically and there is
lots of asset inflation so if you take
for example the prices of tuition up
2,000 percent from the 1980s but your
real wages when you inflation adjust or
stagnant so how do you explain that or
square the circle okay let's like the
small to medium enterprises that are the
lifeblood of any economy they can't get
loans from banks but if I walk into a
big money center bank that's getting
huge money from the central bank and I
need a billion or two billion to buy a
multi-billion dollar property on Central
Park South they'll say sure they'll give
it to me well because in other words
it's crony capitalism writ large and
what we have here is a situation where
the money is not flowing to the economy
to support small to medium enterprises
because the banks simply don't want to
take any risk whatsoever they hoard the
money they participate themselves in
these loans as merchant banks you know
they've all become merchant banks
they're all becoming equity holders in
the money that they're lending you know
out to capitalize on the inflation of
the assets that they hold on their own
balance sheets which then pumped a stock
prices higher which pumps the option
prices higher which pumps the
compensation for guys like Jamie Dimon
and Lloyd Blankfein higher so they by
putting a tourniquet on the economy by
stopping the economic flow by dropping
money velocity to zero they have
inflated their net wharfs in an historic
way right they have I mean what's worse
with that problem and what the
government should be doing is they
shouldn't be paying back
interest the Federal Reserve shouldn't
be paying excessive reserved interest
and they should retool that entire
corrupt system where the banks make
money by holding excess reserves that
are from money printing so and to get to
be clear that not only is the bank's
cost of borrowing zero exactly it's
creative right pay to borrow money the
banks borrow money from the central bank
and then they put it on deposit at the
central bank right so the more they
borrow the more they make so they're the
risk/reward and the whole idea of
capitalism of taking a risk for every
word is inverted here you're saying that
the more risk we take the more reward we
make without any penalty whatsoever well
if you look at look we had it we did a
program with brexit for example when
they had Briggs it you remember what the
fear mongers were saying Theresa May was
one of them saying it would be the end
of the world markets would crash
sterling would go to zero look sterling
is right back at 144 where we were when
Briggs it began yet the stock markets
20% higher and today it was announced in
the UK that they had record low
unemployment not seen since since 1971
so can you believe that is that credible
is any of it credible absolutely not so
you know that the situation the
production situation hasn't improved
that house house prices have skyrocketed
they're into bubble territory everywhere
in real wages haven't gone up so what's
happened the banks lend money as you
said to real estate property developers
at ridiculously low rates but they take
a piece of the action and as these
apartments get built built three years
later down the road they're not gonna be
able to sell any of them and these
special-purpose vehicles that they
developed are all gonna go bust but this
time there's going to be no will to bail
them out and that's gonna happen in the
United States as well as in the United
Kingdom right the real wages as you say
I'm not moved whatsoever so if you get a
gig economy job and you're delivering a
bicycle full of food at minimum wage and
you're out there and dodging traffic for
before you get hit and end up in the NHS
I mean they count that as job a job
growth however when you add back all the
variables into this equation you end up
with the average wages stagnating or
depreciating but the numbers on the top
line are being showcased as being proof
of recovery and yet there is no proof of
recovery okay so let's talk about the
Shiller national home price index tell
us about that what's going on you got a
chart right we've got a chart here that
explains house prices from 1987 to 2018
and basically if you look at the
increase in prices you know Ben Bernanke
said that subprime was not a problem
don't worry it's all under control and
then you saw prices I guess 2006 start
to peak out and then drop down quite a
bit all right I want to jump in because
I want to cover two things rental prices
in New York City are tumbling what's
your quick take on that well I mean
there's too much supply not enough
demand not enough high paying jobs of
course they're gonna keep keep
collapsing as I see that trend
continuing the down 13% already yeah I
think I think real estate prices
property values can drop up to 80% or
even what 80% that's exactly right oh my
god match the price isn't it let's move
on 30 seconds gold gold gold is the only
chart that we have that is not an asset
bubble and prices are realistic on gold
and we'll keep going higher so physical
gold is really a place that everybody
should look to hide out okay well you
heard it here first
80% drop in property prices at Tokyo s
collapse in Manhattan is coming Mitch
Firestein author of Planet Ponzi the
internationally acclaimed tome that is
translated into over two languages and
that's gonna do it for this edition of
well show me shoes come on the shoes
show the shoe huh take a look at this
give me the shoe come on look at this
look at this this is when you hear money
matters you're famous in New York this
is the kind of shoe you wear okay keep
that in mind you can find us on Twitter
at Kaiser report until next time bye
y'all
