one of bitcoins most valuable traits is
its anonymity sure there's a ledger of
transactions but you can determine who
they belong to
but now tech giant Amazon could be
taking it all away courtesy a brand new
Amazon patent the idea is to create
what's called a data marketplace who
will take part
well electronic and internet retailers
for start they could combine a shipping
address with Bitcoin transaction data
then the telecom providers can subscribe
to this data stream and correlated
between IP addresses of the transaction
two countries of origin but that's not
all
here come the government's government
agencies may be able to subscribe
downstream and correlate tax transaction
data to help identify transaction
participants surely government and law
enforcement agencies would like to
subscribe to just such a data stream for
example the police of America's National
Security Agency the NSA would use all
that combined data to identify the final
Bitcoin user governments across the
globe have been striving to Rhine in on
crypto currencies for quite a while now
we want to make sure that crypto
currencies are not used for bad actors
and illicit financing is important it is
very important that these new
technologies don't lead to the
appearance of anonymity that might
favour the financing of criminal
activities a position the position we
defended together with the German
Finance Minister is to regulate Bitcoin
but unanimity is not the only crypto
feature which is endangered by Amazon's
new patent crypto currencies are
decentralized no central bank no trade
market and no way to predict their
dynamic now a data stream that Amazon is
pushing for would create a sort of stock
exchange for Bitcoin that would make the
crypto market more well predictable
pinpoint bearish and bullish trends for
example so who knows maybe that's the
good thing we might be getting here but
will anonymity have to be sacrificed for
that and is it the end of a
cryptocurrency as we know it I think
right now we are in the era of some
massive massive disruption and in fact I
think this this disruption is driven by
the people questioning these large
corporations basically stealing our
personal information and the real
question is that who owns these
information and whether this information
should be abused by corporations for
their products so will private
enterprises out there buy this type of
information to have more segmented kind
of marketing program absolutely this
monetary supply of Bitcoin is not
controlled by the government but it is
controlled by the math formula but I do
think that losing and limiting will be a
huge huge loss but I don't add up people
who killed entire cryptocurrency
movement marketing
