been revealed Facebook is making changes
to move the bulk of its users out of the
Yi use legal reach weeks before the
block plans to enforce strict new
privacy rules at nearly 1.5 billion
accounts will be switched from the
platform's international HQ in Ireland
to its main offices in California and
that means they will come under US
regulations the move affects some 70% of
all Facebook users from regions like
Africa Asia and also Latin America the
transition will be completed before the
new EU data protection law takes effect
on the 25th of May it imposes
requirements on how users data is
collected and how it's handled the fines
can reach up to four percent of a
company's global revenue which for
Facebook could mean more than a billion
dollars the social media giant has
played down though the importance of the
user data switch we've been clear that
we are offering everyone who uses
Facebook the same privacy protections
controls and settings no matter where
they live these updates do not change
that while the developments come as the
website is still reeling from a massive
data breach scandal involving the
political research group Cambridge
analytic as the results 87 million
Facebook users had their personal
information compromised and the
company's CEO was called to testify in
front of Congress Mark Zuckerberg notes
from those hearing show he was advised
to avoid saying the platform already
complies with the new EU privacy law and
they also didn't include any mention of
the company expanding those protections
worldwide while we discussed Facebook's
Privacy Policy with the co-founder of
Iceland's Pirate Party who thinks users
are still not informed enough about
who's really handling their data when
Mark Zuckerberg says that you know the
users can control what they're doing
it's complete lie because people don't
know about it as we have user agreements
that are you know thicker than the PI
poll when you have companies that are
forced and they're so big that they're
also forced to give governments
data and they also sell the data or
after you know they don't sell that they
do they sell you your the product you
are not aware of how these things work
and they're so big that they are not
even in control over that it themselves
then you have big problems nobody knows
what's how these algorithms work who
feeds them what is being put into them
and I think that we need to actually
instead of focusing on this current
narrative of you know new cold war we
should be focusing on how do we learn to
be in this space because we are going to
be in this space and how we're going to
be protected and I think we need to
start to break these huge corporate
sectors apart because they play such
crucial role in our democracies and when
you have people like Mark Zuckerberg and
Eric Schmidt believing that all the
problems you know in the world are going
to be solved by algorithms we are in a
trouble
