but let's speak to the man who broke the
story author and journalist max
Blumenthal thanks for joining us sir
good to have you on the program today
obviously we know that these two emails
came out that showed this attempted
lobbying of overall Joe waters the the
co-founder of Pink Floyd why do you
think he felt compelled to make this
this statement in public I mean do we
have any more details on how exactly
this story came about well first of all
I've known Roger Waters for several
several years because we're both active
in the global Palestine Solidarity
movement he's a very outspoken supporter
of the rights of Palestinians and so and
he's accessible to people who
participate in this movement so I've
known him and I reached out to him after
this incident in Barcelona where he
denounced the white helmets and he said
that he had just grown so frustrated
watching the white helmets footage in
duma being cited by the US government in
the UK government pretty much as their
only source as their only source of
intelligence to justify bombing a
sovereign country that he decided to
criticize this organization publicly to
warn against its ulterior sectarian
agenda and he provided me with these
emails and he also gave me comments
basically warning other celebrities not
to sign on to the Syria campaign's
efforts to promote the white helmets
because the Syria campaign is the public
relations firm funded now we know by a
Saudi billionaire and by the Syrian
British billionaire I'm an osprey a
figure who would stand to profit if the
government of Bashar al Assad were
toppled and Syria were reduced to a
failed state
so waters essentially had lost his
patience and has decided to go public
with this warning what helmets done if
you had our report just there they've
been endorsed by a whole row of
celebrities of big names in in the media
Coldplay mention amongst one of them do
you think mr. waters his statement could
be some sort of turning point into sort
of public perception of this group
perhaps other public figures will now
come out and with
similar statements well just from
knowing Roger Waters he's an extremely
discerning well-read individual I think
he stands apart from a lot of other
celebrities who don't do their research
and who want to be affiliated with
feel-good humanitarian campaigns and
thought that these genuinely were Syrian
rescue workers and not an international
influence organization that is actively
engaged with violent extremist groups in
Syrian insurgent territory so Roger
really is a special person here and I
wonder if other celebrities will follow
his lead I think what it's really gonna
take is for Western media to wake up and
start telling the truth about this
organization we haven't really seen that
happen obviously you're the only network
that's willing to have me on to talk
about it but this should be the stuff of
a national scandal in the US as I've
been saying the United States government
has provided at least 23 million dollars
through the State Department to the
white helmets while the white helmets
work hand in glove with jabhat al-nusra
which is the Syrian affiliate of the
organization that attacked the United
States on 9/11 al Qaeda and that is
considered a conspiracy in the United
States although it's well established so
you know I hope that this is that Rogers
broken the ice here but Western media
appears to be completely closed off to
the facts about the white helmets and
I'd wonder if other celebrities will
continue to sign on hmm in that letter
we of course saw some links to the
Saudis who are allegedly funneling the
white helmets how much of an influence
do you think they could be in the in the
group's policies well absolutely I mean
honey Farsi is some a name I hadn't
heard before I'd seen this email that
the Syria campaign was delivering to
Roger Waters attempting to recruit him
at this October 2016 dinner honey Farsi
is a Saudi British billionaire he's very
active in the film industry in Hollywood
he his family has been has earned a
fortune I think in the construction
industry or the oil industry in Saudi
Arabia and so who knows who else is
behind the white helmets but we also
know that the monarchy of Qatar has
donated extensively to the white helmets
katar also operates al Jazeera Al
Jazeera has produced an enormous amount
of public relations videos and reports
for the white helmets as well as attacks
on people who criticize them including
this journalist sitting right here so
you know the white helmets ties to
governments run deep and the United
Kingdom has donated fifty five million
dollars through its foreign office to
the white helmets since the insurgents
were kicked out of Duma and East guta
the white helmets are substantially
concentrated now Enid Lib which is under
the control of Al Qaeda's Syrian
affiliate and they've moved into a freen
thanks to the Turkish invasion and the
Turkish government was basically using
retreads from Isis and Al Qaeda to take
over a freeing so that's who the white
helmets really are they're the civil
society wing of the you know Turkish
jihadist mercenaries and the al Qaeda
affiliate in Italy and it's time for
Western media to just admit this fact
and stop denouncing it all as a Russian
conspiracy you mentioned Duma just there
I just want to touch upon upon that
briefly because obviously the events in
Duma the the footage of those events
which was quick to circulate all over
social media subsequently all over
mainstream media as well that footage
was used by a large as the evidence to
base those strikes on Syria last week
why France at the UK and US do you think
that was a strong enough case made their
strong enough basis to launch those
strikes well you know one thing we have
to recognize about Duma is unlike hon
shaken the town Enid Lib al-qaeda
controlled lib in April 2017 and unlike
East gouta in 2013 Duma was cleared of
insurgents after the insurgents alleged
a chemical attack and so media including
American media as well as the renowned
British journalist Robert Fisk have the
had the opportunity to get into Duma and
interview people including doctors about
what happened and the firsthand on the
scene witness testimony completely
contradicts the official version that
the US the UK and France relied on for
their attack and so we've heard this
story introduced
- especially British media about doctors
and witnesses being coerced into the
delivering this testimony meanwhile
Robert Fisk his report is not even being
he personally is not even being named by
the Guardian he's been referred to by
the Guardian as a reporter favoured by
Moscow that's a direct quote by the
Guardian so you know Western media is
extremely terrified of these witness of
this witness testimony coming out
because it's it's exploded the official
version of events certainly lot of
allegations counter allegations and
we'll have to see what that OPCW team
obviously find when they get to the area
and take those samples and do their
investigations that max Blumenthal
author and journalist there thanks for
coming on today giving us your take on
that story
