a new history textbook for students in
the United States is raising concerns
over what's said to be it's one-sided
look at events and in particular the
recent presidential election in the
country
Trump tapped into the sense of
alienation and being left behind that
many voters most of all white poor and
working-class voters felt Clinton's
supporters feared that the election had
been determined by people who were
afraid of a rapidly developing ethnic
diversity of the country they were
largely white males more so than any
cabinet since Ronald Reagan the book was
approved by the US College Board and
meets all curriculum requirements and
the book details information about the
black lives matter movement and is
claimed to portray Donald Trump in his
supporters as racists during the 2016
presidential elections a political and
social commentator Anthony Brian Logan
believes straw school textbooks have to
provide facts and not opinion well
certainly one sided and I think about
history books I thought it was supposed
to just give the facts give the basic
information about what happened and not
interject personal opinion the whole
opinion piece is not necessary that's
something you will see on an iPad on
some random website that has those kind
of things on it that you would expect
from that but for a book it doesn't make
any sense
sex books not supposed to spark debate
they're supposed to be just information
for children to learn if you're in high
school college or whatever it should be
about learning information it shouldn't
be about being indoctrinated and trying
to start an argument education is pretty
much consumed with liberalism is
controlled by liberalism from top to
bottom
well what's happening with education in
the u.s. is that a lot of leftists are
empowered and during control that our
teachers the administrators
superintendents and college that are
professors that are deans they're they
control the whole thing so there's no
balance when you're talking about people
that actually implement the education
