a team from the chemical weapons
watchdog with the OPCW came under fire
in Syria on Wednesday while trying to
enter the town of Duma they are in the
country to investigate the alleged
chemical attack on the 7th of April art
easily Petrenko reports on the latest
developments first I just want to break
down the process for you how it works
initially the UN security team is meant
to be sent on the ground to assess
whether it's safe to work there and the
agreement has been that at a certain
stage they must be escorted by the
Syrian troops and at a different stage
by Russia's military police so the
security staff apparently they were on
this initial rehearsal trip to put it
this way and according to an official
statement by the OPCW they came under
small arms fire and then also an
explosive device was detonated and that
was the reason why they had to retreat
and go back to Damascus we understand
from the statement from the ocean army
that the exchange of fire happened when
it was specifically the Syrian army in
charge of providing security for that
squad on the 17th of April was securing
the UN reconnaissance mission in the
city of Douma
a skirmish occurred between the Syrian
security service and unknown figures an
officer from the Syrian security service
was slightly wounded in an exchange of
fire previously Washington and London
were pointing the finger at Russia and
their ally Syria for what they called
trying to hide facts and also hamper the
mission of the chemical watchdog in
Syria wider operation to conceal the
facts of the attack is underway
supported by the Russians their whole
goal in this is to try to cover up of
course it's not up to the UN and the
OPCW to judge who this attack came from
but what it is worth asking is whether
the Russians in the Syrians are
genuinely helping them out on the ground
and if the answer is yes that might put
London and Washington in somewhat
awkward position here chemical weapons
expert at right
universit√© james tor says any attempts
to cover tracks will prove fruitless be
very hard to clean the area up from any
trace of the residues of a nerve agent I
mean this this is if it's probably
dispersed by a nation-state attack on
people it's going to be all over on
walls and buildings and if it was a
chlorine attack the chlorine will be
gone but no nation-state in my view
would ever use chlorine it is a very
inefficient gas to be used that makes no
sense to drop a chlorine cylinder out of
any aircraft any terrorist group might
might have fixed a bomb to a cylinder
and try to blow it up but a lot more
people are gonna get hurt by the
munition rather than by the chlorine it
has to be properly dispersed so nation
states don't use chlorine
