hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter labelled
as American foreign policy possess a
specific DNA it would seem so
it doesn't matter who the president is
it doesn't matter which party controls
the White House one can easily ask the
following question is Trump's time in
office serving george w bush's third
term or Barack Obama's third term the
neo cons are firmly in the saddle
crosstalking American foreign policy I'm
joined by my guest Hillary Leverett in
Washington she's currently CEO Stratego
a political risk consultancy and
co-author of the book going to Tehran
also in Washington we have Michael
Flanagan he is president of Flanagan
consulting and a former congressman and
in New York we cross Saddam d'Ivoire he
is an anti-war activist and host of a
daily radio program
all right crosstalk rules in effect that
means he can jump in any time you want
and I always appreciate Hillary let me
go to you you know off the back of my
introduction I mean there seems like an
enormous amount of continuity in
American foreign policy particularly in
this century I mean I mean if I didn't
know better I would I could assume if I
didn't know who the president wasn't
based on the campaign it would it would
be Hillary Clinton in office right now
as much as that and that terribly
disappoints me because that was the only
reason why I even took an interest in
Donald Trump because he said something
different and now I guess he's gotten in
line go ahead Hillary in Washington yeah
since the end of the Cold War there has
been bipartisan consensus for an
incredibly interventionist US foreign
policy to consolidate the sole
superpower nature of u.s. power in the
wake of the Cold War I you know I worked
in the the Clinton White House in the
National Security Council and at the
time I was asked to help write an
article in foreign affairs magazine
called the rogue regimes where the
United States was going to go after the
rogue regimes Iran Iraq and Cuba you
know flash forward a few years there I
am in the bush National Security Council
Bush 43 and there's the axis of evil
speech which is almost word-for-word
what the Clinton doctrine was for Iran
Iraq and Cuba just a few years before
and then we have Obama in Libya and
Syria
and now we have Trump too with his
attacks in Syria so there is an enormous
amount of continuity for an
interventionist u.s. foreign policy to
preserve in their view to preserve
American power and American hegemony
around around the world but particularly
in the Middle East okay Michael let me
go to you and watch when I hear
bipartisan consensus I get really really
worried because that means that
nope dissent don't disagree put your
head down and just do what you're told
and that's exactly what's happening and
I'd like to add to that is that the
mainstream media the corporate media
they're just an ographers for that same
message go ahead Michael you're not
you're not entirely wrong but I think
this president is a little different I
think if we really had a neocon in
office we'd have 50,000 troops on the
ground in Syria and we'd be looking at a
long occupation I think what you have is
a reaction to chemical weapons at least
insofar as they believe it to be true
and I think that's really all you have
there's nobody talking about putting
many troops on the ground for an
occupation well hopefully God Fibonacci
later but don't you think it's really a
great difference don't you think that's
the distinction without a difference I
mean really okay not at all not at all
the the the cost the cost and time and
energy expense of the Iraq invasion and
occupation is not happening in Syria the
cost and time and expense and
reconstruction of the Afghan invasion
occupation is not happening in Syria Wow
and while Hillary is absolutely correct
we have a bipartisan agreement for
interventionism absolutely this is
interventionist there's no question that
that is true it is not the same as the
neo-cons dream of us world hegemony I
think there's a let me go to John here
because this is this really contentious
here now what we do okay Michael we have
also now Pompeo and Bolton so maybe you
aren't giving the president a chance to
get up to speed with the men that
followed that they were before him okay
no because it's I'm saying this Michael
as I'm saying I'm gonna ask Don here you
know Donald Trump is caved on everything
when it comes to foreign policy
virtually okay go ahead John you've been
listening i first on the points of
bipartisanship this is something i
always like to just use as context the
only time you know for certain that
american politician is telling the truth
is when they call another american
politician or crook because they're
almost always right regardless of party
so when you talk about bipartisan
consensus those are the players that
we're talking about that are usually you
know reaching this consensus it tells
you something about the thing that they
were agreeing on what
behind it with with Trump and the the
whole foreign policy in a program that's
been implemented so far stumbled through
or or whatever since he took office you
know you have to go back to him
pronouncing the heresies that haven't
been spoken since World War two really
by any major party candidate or even any
national you know someone seeking
national office in the United States
challenging the foundational assumptions
NATO perhaps is no longer needed because
it was supposed to defend against the
Soviet Union which has been going for 25
years
regime change no good bad idea let's
take the money that we're spending on
the military had it build infrastructure
these are heresies that no one was ever
allowed to speak and because Trump was
trumpet and was drawing people to
television sets during the campaign
because he was running they couldn't
turn the cameras off on him like they
did on Howard Dean and others that they
had you know fallen out of favor with
the media so now he comes into office
the context is he committed a series of
major crimes all involving being
subservient to a foreign power the evil
one the one that's been the evil one
going back to 1917 so everything that he
does that's outside of foreign policy
convention is going to be looked at
through the prism of is this Putin
pulling his strings and what's happened
is that despite some very bad steps
taken you know in in the opinion of most
of the world and by the way violating
international law on a number of
occasions he has actually stepped the
u.s. out of the way in the main in Syria
to allow Russia Iran and them to deal
with Isis and some other things have
happened like that on the international
stage as well okay Hillary you want to
jump in there so much has already been
said on this program go ahead yeah I
there I think that Trump in some ways
has tried to distinguish himself but in
a way like other presidents that he is
going to pursue American dominance in a
smarter cheaper way each of the other
presidents before him have tried to do
that he though does seem to constantly
constantly be trying to come back to his
campaign promises to extricate US forces
a
specially from the middle-east and I
think he's doing that not necessarily
because he's a principled person but
because he sees the polls he sees US
public opinion polls here and he knows
that the 28 that the 2018 November
midterm elections are critically
important for him if the if the Congress
here if the House of Representatives
especially turns and is not controlled
by Republicans he would be in danger of
impeachment so he's got to go back to
what worked for him in the 2016 campaign
there you have the schizophrenia in a
way because he's trying to appeal to
that base to come out in November but on
the other hand he's had to he's had to
he's had to staff his cabinet with
neo-cons from vice president pence to
the new Secretary of State designate
Pompeo to his new National Security
Council National Security Council
advisor john bolton so that's where the
schizophrenia comes from i think it's
this attempt to try to get his domestic
base out in november they do not want
another war in the Middle East they do
not want US troops squandered troops and
treasures squandered abroad he has to
then deal with the the fact that he is
staffed his entire the operations of his
government with neo-cons
you know Michael Trump really puts
himself into a very tight corner because
he's disappointing members of his base
people that were very very supportive of
his foreign policy approach during the
campaign and then you have the foreign
policy swamp the blob and the media that
says well you're a wimp because the only
hit three buildings and a Damascus
suburb I mean he's stuck between the two
of them go ahead Michael
well yeah I'll tell you the I watched
the the Republican right the way right
the the the the moral equivalent of the
progressives on the Left a lot closer
maybe then a lot of people do and I'll
tell you they're fewer are with with
bombing Syria is not so much that they
blew up a couple of buildings in the
Damascus suburbs but that it's a
harbinger of the troops that will come
of the treasure that will be spent and
the lives that will be spit will be
spilled it's not going to happen there's
an as long as it doesn't happen they're
gonna be fine
just like they were a few months ago
when we bomb Syria not Michael
they're upset with the end my only
reaction to that is that everybody said
Trump wouldn't be President okay
so you know I'd never say anything like
that okay
Hillary you want to jump in right before
okay I said Trump would be President I
think I'm gonna call this one right -
yeah and without and with all due
respect you know I think it's important
to actually look at the numbers there
are declared over two thousand US troops
in Syria which of course pales in
comparison to what Bush did in Iraq but
still there are over two thousand
declared US troops now we have we've had
come out just in the the past few days
The Washington Post is reporting that
there are over five thousand US
contractors they are in a military role
you also have a dramatic increase in US
troops in Afghanistan so for all that
Trump says he wants to leave and he he
wants to declare our victory over Isis
especially in Syria for all of that
attempt that he's trying to put forward
to extricate the u.s. from places like
Syria and Afghanistan the reality is
that you still have I wouldn't even call
them the neoconservatives I would call
them the traditional farm policy elite
including general mattis at the Pentagon
who are pushing and pushing constantly
for more troops more sanctions more u.s.
coercive power not just in the Middle
East but also visibly Russia and China
okay done let me go to you before we go
make sure I get down in here for equal
time no problem Don you know when
Hillary just described his mission creep
okay because Trump caved on NATO he
caved on Afghanistan he's he won't do
anything on Yemen which is really a
shame on the entire foreign policy elite
in the West very shameful for 40 seconds
Don before we go to the break Misha
mission creep go ahead well all of these
things are happening in a larger context
you have what's been driving American
foreign policy for decades is the idea
of hegemony and and the actualization of
hegemony largely across the world that
period has passed perhaps it's an epoch
Alif Tevan we're seeing a multipolar
world rise we're seeing it actualized
and so the foreign policy perspectives
if everyone really has to
either ignore that and try to undo it
which i think is impossible it means
World War 3 essentially or accommodate
it I believe inside the elites in the
West and I think the Trump in a very
strong way represents this you know one
of these tendencies that there are some
that acknowledge the old model doesn't
work it's ok to be at the table with
other people we come with many I got to
know things of value jump in here and so
that's what I think I'll jump in here
we're gonna go to a hard break and after
that hard break we'll continue our
discussion on Trump's foreign policy
stay with our team welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered on Peter belt remind you were
discussing American foreign policy
okay let's go back to Hilary in
Washington vigilante foreign policy and
the great powers and let's put those two
together France Britain in the United
States reordering the Middle East again
okay and acting outside of international
law in norms you know you know that we
had these defense and intelligence
postures coming out and you know
revisionist power is Russia Iran you
know China you know no who's the
revisionist right now who's destroying
the UN Charter going beyond the United
Nations Security Council I mean it's
truly astounding of course they're the
political elite and they're pliant
stenography media can't even see you
know two inches from their own face
okay the pure hypocrisy I'll tell you
this is destroying the international
order and it and being a trained as a
professional historian remember the
League of Nations okay
when everyone started ignoring it and
everyone's peril I don't think there's a
question there Hillary but I think you
know what I mean go ahead I think it's a
critically important point because you
have essentially you have you have
Britain and France in very weak
positions that have apparently seemingly
decided to align themselves firmly with
the United States and not be independent
powers so you really have the the UK and
France aligning with the United States
to just reinforce whatever the United
States wants to do which leaves the
international community without any real
balance which was the brilliance of
having the p5 the permanent five members
of a Security Council and a Security
Council in the UN to have this balanced
a multilateral balance in international
affairs that is slowly but surely being
destroyed and we see with that real real
devastation strategic devastation across
the globe as the United States is unable
to accommodate itself to the reality of
a multi polar world where other
countries have power and they're going
to exercise it the only way for the
United States to truly be safe in that
environment is to is to work in a
balance of power environment with other
countries but instead you have people
here in Washington especially holding
to this idea that that really blossomed
in the wake of the Cold War in the 1990s
that the United States not only could be
but has to be the sole superpower in
order to protect itself that is really
what's so dangerous and what I'm
concerned is happening right now you
know you know Michael I want to stay
with Britain France in the United States
they worked in conjunction and striking
illegally I would point out Syria on a
pretext that oh I thought we heard this
story last year it repeats again I'm
remarkable nobody likes to point that
out so if you don't think this
intervention is going to expand well I
think the past would say differently so
what do you think Michael how much of
the British and French going to
contribute to this intervention are they
just going to wave flags on the
sidelines okay because that's exactly
what they'll do everybody in the Middle
East wants America to do something in
the Middle East for their interests but
it's not even in America's interest in
the first place go ahead Michael
yeah I I got 14 premises there Peter and
I love you but I'm having trouble
keeping my head around all of them
stomachs right here first I don't think
I don't think that we are going to be
interventionist then you've asked me to
comment on something I don't believe so
I just don't think it's going to happen
second league very quickly with Hillary
in the numbers question before the break
the numbers there are aimed at Isis not
a toppling the regime in Damascus as
they would be if we were neo-cons
simply it's just not happening they're
coming and they're going really let me
finish I'm sorry oh yes okay I don't
think it's about toppling Assad I think
it's about stopping chemical weapons and
defeating the troops are there to defeat
Isis there's nothing you know but Mike
you have trouble proving otherwise well
you know when you look at them they're
American intervention and you know look
at of all the bombing that the United
States and its allies have done during
the entire course of this war what
they've done is destroy the
infrastructure of the Syrian state no
they didn't go after Isis they didn't go
after al nusra no they didn't what they
try to do is he wrote he load the
sovereignty of Syria and then the
Russians come in invited in under
international law and then all of a
sudden you see these
make states starting to shrink and of
course Trump maybe willingly unwillingly
takes credit for it okay there's no
reason to believe the good intentions of
the United States in Syria when its aims
are not clear when you have someone like
nikki Haley saying we got to keep our
eye on Iran for maybe a moment she was
transparent I'll let you finish your
point Michael go ahead thank you Peter I
try never to interrupt the host because
your vision is insightful but I think in
this case a tiny bit misplaced because
you you you anticipate yeah you're
you're insightful but you anticipated
something that I don't think is gonna
come to pass I don't think we're going
to have 10,000 20,000 50,000 troops on
the ground in Syria it's just not going
to happen whatever the numbers state and
I'll go one more and I'll say that if we
could get this muler commission over
within the United States Trump could sit
with Putin like he sits with the premier
of China and others and reach a
thoughtful Accord I mean eat mr. Lavrov
if I'm not mistaken observed recently
that there's a slow slow roll of slow
moving slow rolling coup d'etat going on
in the United States I think it's a
little overstated but I think he
anticipates the two men sitting down and
Trump's foreign policy is very personal
it's very it's it's it's his personal
involvement it's not well staffed if you
want to you want to be here to act about
that but I think if he has a chance to
sit with Putin and do what he has to do
I think you'd see a very different Syria
and I certainly see a very different
world complexion he's making great
strides with the Chinese in ways that
this nation hasn't done before I think
the North Koreans announced today or
yesterday or sometime in the near past
that that they were going to actually
look at finally ending the Korean War
that's an incredible stress stride
forward and it absolutely had to involve
the Chinese and Americans working
together
yeah well that's interesting Michael and
I'll get past this over to Don they
might end that their hostilities they
might actually sign a peace treaty but
Michael be prepared for that to happen
the United States must withdraw from the
peninsula see that the other side of the
story will know that that's how the
media works okay so we might get peace
in on Korea in spite of Trump not
because of him we'll see we'll see all
right let me go back to Don and Don
I mean we had a number of cases during
the administration where we had a
ceasefire in Syria okay and then we have
a these false flag attacks we have ash
Carter destroy a very hard worked on
ceasefire III see the same thing
repeating it and I said in the
introduction of my program it doesn't
matter who's president it doesn't matter
what parties in power we have elements
within the deep State Hillary has
already talked about it here they're not
going to let this happen because that
would actually be a recognition that
hegemony the moment of a Gemini has come
to an end and that's like telling these
neo cons there's no God go ahead done
look we know that first of all there
have been battles on the ground in Syria
behind between Pentagon backed jihadis
and in Langley back jihadis so you know
there are competing American interests
on the ground in Syria that's the point
and they are merely a manifestation of
competing interests in Washington or in
Washington and Langley or whatever that
you know were more or less bundled
together for the period from 1945
perhaps all the way up until last year
and that's started to come unraveled I
think Trump represents a distinct
tendency against the trend that
prevailed before and I think what we're
seeing in Korea for example is you know
a manifestation of that and I think a
recognition of it on the part of young
yang and Beijing you know we have to
remember what happened Japan occupied
Korea up as farther into the peninsula
as it could the United States conquered
Japan and there's no other word for it
unconditional surrender and essentially
just occupied the military bases that
Japan had used to occupy a Korea up to
that point then the United States gets
into a war some say tries to take the
rest of the peninsula whatever and then
you have essentially no peace since 1952
the United States has refused to
withdraw from Korea
the United States has refused to sign a
peace treaty with North Korea has
refused to allow the Korean Peninsula to
reunify and we look at this moment Trump
is actually in a position to allow that
to happen politically if he came out of
Korea talks with a peace treaty that
allowed the u.s. to pull its troops out
of Korea he could actually benefit
politically and that's probably the
first time that 52 for an American
that's really interesting but I'm not
sure that that would be considered a
victory for the deep state because well
what about all those contracts and all
those musicians all those ships you know
oh what a pity that would be C pieces
the piece would really exactly peace is
an impoverishing idea for the current
foreign policy elite I see you nodding
your head Hillary go ahead yeah I mean
it would be devastating I think to the
to the foreign policy elite here in
Washington but strategically it
certainly would be wise if Trump could
have some sort of peace or settlement or
reconciliation with North Korea that
when unify the peninsula and have Korea
as Korea not North and South but Korea
as a state as a nation to balance along
with Japan and China that would lead to
a much more stable environment in Asia
and a much more much more effective
position for the United States in Asia
and I would argue throughout the world
but that is something that the foreign
policy elite here would hate because it
has to be essentially the United States
against somebody to fuel both the
military-industrial complex here but
also the foreign policy as they see it
is not one of balance it can't be one
where you have a strong China a strong
Korea a strong Japan it has to be
dominance all of those countries having
their power only because the United
States lets them do so that to me is the
strategic problem and you have that in
the Middle East to where I you know I
agree with Mike in some ways that Trump
may not want to have what's happening
but it is a slippery slope not one
that's accidental one that is purposeful
by the foreign policy elite to maintain
American dominance you know they they
really screwed up in terms of Libya
Syria Iraq and the problem for them now
is they're facing those countries not
being part of the pro American political
and security order in in the Middle East
and that is something that is
unacceptable regardless of what the
outcome is whether it's Isis or a new
Isis they can't accept those countries
Syria Iraq Turkey Egypt Iran they can't
accept those big important countries as
independent powers well that's
absolutely true and we didn't even have
a chance to talk about the influence of
Israel and Saudi Arabia on his thinking
in terms of the Middle East here I feel
like we just hit the tip of the iceberg
there's so much more to talk about
Michael I really appreciate you coming
on the program and always arguing with
you always add value okay that's all the
time we have many thanks to my guests in
Washington and in New York and thanks to
our viewers for watching us here at RT
see you next time and remember crosstalk
means
