the information war over Syria has taken
a vicious turn with dissenting voices
now facing furious attacks from UK
mainstream media for more let's go live
to our correspondent ISA Ali now ISA
tell us more about what we're seeing in
the press there we've been accusations
over the last few days that some of the
mainstream media have been launching
somewhat of a McCarthyite witch-hunt
against those who have been questioning
the overriding narrative with regard to
Syria there's been an article written in
The Times newspaper which basically
targeted a number of academics and
people working at the various
universities in the country who've been
questioning not just this latest attack
on Syria but the government's policy for
the last seven years in supporting those
rebels against the Syrian government and
the Times article making some claims
against some of these academics one in
particular a man by the name of Louis
all day he had a tweet attributed to him
which he's later gone on to say he never
wrote that tweet and he's since demanded
an apology and a retraction from The
Times that tweet apparently calling into
question previous chemical attacks and
the narrative around them and he denied
that so we've also seen again in that
article a number of guilt by association
so somebody writing for the websites
21st century a wire professor Tim
professor Hayward he was a brought by
guilt by association because the deputy
editor of that web site is a journalist
by the name of Vanessa Bailey so all of
these kind of associations being brought
in to accuse these people who have been
questioning British policy as being
either acid apologists or general
massacre deniers genocide deniers and so
forth we've also seen on the BBC there
Admiral Lord West he's a very senior
military figure in this country somebody
who's very seen as part of the
establishment who couldn't no way be
called an apologist for President Assad
and even he went on the Bibi
to cast doubts over the narrative
leading up to those attacks over the
weekend and we can have a look now on
this edited clip of part of that BBC
interview what benefit is there for his
military most of the rebel fighters this
disparate group of Islamists and
withdrawn given that we're in an
information war with Russia on so many
fronts
isn't there a danger that your muddying
the waters there have been many who have
said that the current environment in
this country is not conducive to an open
debate over key issues such as the
waging of war isa ali reporting live
from london thank you for bringing us
that report
