controversial right-winger dubbed the
Donald Trump of the tropics has won the
first round of Brazil's presidential
election by a large margin
however Jaya de bas Anaru failed to
secure over 50% of the vote that means
there will now be a second round his
supporters though meantime have taken to
the streets protesting what they call
election fraud I feel pain and anguish
because I know we didn't have a truly
democratic elections if there is a
second round I'll feel frustrated and
100% sure that there was fraud ahead of
the election there were numerous
protests against Boston on whose
candidacy but thousands taking to the
streets all across the country his rough
and tumble remarks on women and guns for
example have exposed and deepened
divisions and Brazilian society and
often provoked shock
yes yes okay
Fernando Haddad the left-wing candidate
from the former ruling party which has
been plagued by corruption scandals came
second with twenty nine percent that is
versus Bosnia who's 46 so the two will
go head-to-head at the end of October
you
