mission accomplished more than a hundred
missiles rain down on Syria on Donald
Trump's orders and now his message is
clear a job well done
except Syria is an arena where the
world's major powers including the u.s.
are pitched against each other wrestling
for influence so what mission exactly is
Trump talking about
well the Pentagon translated it simply
accuracy isn't it actually impossible at
this stage militarily to know whether
that mission as described was
accomplished last night's operations
were successful we met all of our
objectives we hit all of our targets
successfully russia says serious
soviet-era air defense systems shut down
roughly 70% of the missiles fired while
the US military stressed their success
but obliterating a few sites barely
touches on Washington's great again plan
in Syria and when tasked with spelling
out what does it's overwhelmingly
unclear American troops entered and
gained a foothold in Syria under the
pretext of fighting ISIL and now it is
indeed difficult to say where exactly
the u.s. stands on that I am proud to
report that the coalition to defeat Isis
has liberated very close to 100 percent
of the territory just recently held by
these killers in Iraq and in Syria and
in other locations as well
we're in Syria to fight Isis that is our
mission and a mission isn't over and
we're going to complete that mission so
in a matter of a few months Islamic
state went from almost extinguished from
the face of the earth back to a
plausible threat and defeating ISIL is
one of America's more concrete missions
the country's UN envoy for example
indicated that cleansing Syria of
terrorists per se is a start but not the
only thing being pursued we want to make
sure that the influence of Iran doesn't
take over the area they continue to
cause problems throughout the region and
we want to make sure that there is a
hold
whether nikki Haley likes it or not Iran
is a regional powerhouse and
it won't go down easily if that is what
America is after well here here Syria is
apparently adding to the list of
conflicts
the US has troops bogged down in but
possibly the most ironic parts the above
couldn't be further away from Trump's
own mission statement for Syria just
weeks ago I want to get out I want to
bring our troops back home I want to
start rebuilding our nation critics have
been on Trump's back for a lack of a
coherent plan on Syria but it's a
strategy that works wonders for keeping
their foot in the door indefinitely
