seems even veteran rock musicians are
weighing in to the strikes against Syria
have been condemned now by the former
lead singer of Pink Floyd Roger Waters
during a concert in Barcelona if we were
listening to the propaganda of the white
helmets and others we would be
encouraged to encourage our governments
to go and start dropping bombs on people
in Syria
this would be the mistake of monumental
proportions Roger Waters hit out of the
white helmets group calling it a fake
organization he added that it exists
quote only to create propaganda for
jihadists and terrorists end quote
the white helmets were the first to
report on the alleged chemical attack at
eastern Goethe although it's been widely
praised in the West for its rescue work
its members have repeatedly been accused
of having links to extremist groups
