the United States is threatening Russia
with new sanctions over Syria it follows
a combined assault by America and its
allies against the Assad government the
US envoy to the United Nations said
Russia will face new restrictions over
its support for Damascus so you will see
that Russian sanctions will be coming
down secretary Minuten will be
announcing those on Monday if he hasn't
already and they will go directly to any
sort of companies that we're dealing
with equipment related to Assad and
chemical weapons use and so I think
everyone is gonna feel it at this point
I think everyone knows that we sent a
strong message and our hope is that they
listen to it as nikki Haley mentioned
there the proposed sanctions would hit
Russian companies that deal with the
Syrian government
the planned restrictions and the strike
on Syria aimed at ending an alleged
chemical weapons program they're one of
the targets of the us-led attack was a
research facility near Damascus the
Syrian government says it was a civilian
object we spoke to a technician who
worked there who said that the
international chemical weapons watchdog
can check the center several times and
found no signs of any violation you can
see that nothing has happened here I've
been here myself since 5:00 a.m. there
are no signs of chemical warfare agents
this is a civilian facility and drugs
and chemicals production technology was
developed here for peaceful economic
purposes the OPCW visited this facility
several times carrying out several
thorough inspections the organization
received a lot of help in its work and
so did the members of its teams there
was even a special place on this site
allocated for the OPCW so they could
collect and package samples taken from
places that had to be inspected just to
remind you in the early hours of
Saturday morning the combined forces of
the u.s. the UK and France pounded
missile and air strikes on Syria the
Allies say the assault came in response
to an alleged chemical attack in the
Syrian city of Douma a week earlier
Western countries blame the attack on
the Assad government though no solid
evidence has been provided yet
Russia slammed the us-led strikes on
Syria as an act of aggression and called
a UN Security Council meeting at the
weekend there Moscow proposed a draft
resolution calling for members to
condemn the attack as a violation of
international law it also demanded the
US and its allies to cease their
aggression against Syria and allow the
OPCW to conduct a thorough investigation
but after a heated encounter the draft
was quashed
Nakamura's Washington and London chose
to ignore all calls for sanity you have
nothing but disdain for the UN Charter
and the Security Council which you're
using in your illicit aims the UN
Charter wasn't conceived to protect
criminals our action absolutely
corresponds to the goals and values
proclaimed on the Charter the US and its
allies continue to show blatant neglect
of international law and will take no
lessons mr. president and international
law from Russia you don't treat the
Security Council seriously you don't
work to its guidelines don't talk to us
and you don't consult us the time for
talk and did last night
the United States is locked and loaded
when our president draws a red line our
president enforces the red line smart
missiles and a nuclear weapons arsenal
now we also know that they have a
disdain for international law we are
prepared to sustain this pressure if the
Syrian regime is foolish enough to test
our will 50 TV streamers little is this
how you want international affairs to be
conducted now this is hooliganism and
not minor hooliganism since we are
talking about major nuclear powers the
Syrian government lambasted the
assaulters barbaric accusing America the
UK and France of igniting tension in the
region here's how people in Damascus
reacted to the attacks
Akito bacon it his strike on Syria was
treacherous but it's given Syrians the
determination to overcome terrorism it
was an aggressive assault on Syria
loved' country son listen we've been
living in this crisis for seven years
now such a strike won't affect us at all
and our country will improve in general
if these strikes means something it's
the moral bankruptcy and failure of the
West and the terrorist groups it feels
like we have something inside that
prohibits us from being afraid you can
see how people go to the market and are
in the streets no one has been affected
or felt any fear
