as outraged in Germany after two rappers
known for using anti-semitic lyrics in
their songs have won a top music prize
there the controversial lyrics include
comparisons to Auschwitz prisoners and
hints at another Holocaust but despite
that the rapper's won the best hip hop
album prize in Germany's top music
awards last week their latest release
sold more than 200,000 copies after
initially defending their decision
organizers of the award have now
backtracked Germany's foreign minister
has called the award repugnant while a
group of Holocaust survivors have also
voiced their outrage political
commentator amir oren says artists
should not use freedom of expression as
a free pass to say anything of course
freedom of expression is a blessed thing
we shouldn't restrict the freedom of the
artists or the Creator to break any old
mold because this is how mankind
progresses but having said this there
are a few sacred things which should be
kept as such and of course for Israelis
or for Jews all over and for people of
conscience regardless of their faith or
nationality the Holocaust shouldn't be
broached in such a cheap manner
