well neither the US president nor the
British premier sought approval from
lawmakers before launching the combined
assault on Syria a number of Republican
senators have hit out at Donald Trump's
decision saying that he should have
consulted Congress first I haven't read
Frances or Britain's Constitution but
I've read ours and nowhere in it is
presidential authority to strike Syria
the president needs congressional
authorization for military action as
required by the Constitution airstrikes
are an act of war atrocities in Syria
cannot justify departure from
Constitution which vests in Congress
power to commence war well one of those
Republican senators condemning the u.s.
British and French operation is Richard
black delighted to say joins us now hi
Richard yeah you must have watched what
happened last night with some dismay
first off why didn't President Trump go
to Congress to get that approval then I
think it was very clear from what
happened under President Obama that the
Congress would not once once the people
had an opportunity to to have a voice
there is no way that they would have
approved an attack on Syria so it was
enough to go together as president Trump
hooded he said he went with the allies
together and they marshaled their
righteous power that was enough to go to
war last night was it like that well you
know the other thing is that we do not
know whether chemicals were used or
whether this was just a fabrication and
if they were used we have no earthly
idea who used them but we do know just
logically there was no motive whatsoever
for Syria to do it first of all they had
conquered Jaysh al-islam in Duma and
they were already shipping them out on
buses Jaysh al-islam had burned their
own tanks they were shredding documents
and so forth they were leaving they were
finished the war was the the battle for
Duma was over
and so the idea that at that precise
point gas would be fired as is it's
childishly absurd
what about to resume for the UK point of
view what do you think she didn't seek
parliamentary approval in the UK bit
like Trump what do you think she
wouldn't have got it a lot well if you
recall under President Obama the the
Prime Minister did go to to the
legislature and and the worse was
rebuffed and they refused to go in and
so that caused us it had a reverberating
effect on the United States and at that
point we simply withdrew and we never
did have a vote in Congress because we
knew we were we were going to lose once
the people had the opportunity to voice
their opinion how those think to our
guest earlier on there must be a huge
degree of confidence in Washington in
the UK in France in President Makran
says he has the absolute proof although
we've still not seen what that actually
is it must be a huge amount of
confidence there are 110 percent right
here well they don't have any confidence
what they have is is they have the power
to simply attack countries they had
complete confidence when they went into
Iraq because there were weapons of mass
destruction that never existed they
always have complete confidence but they
never have proof and that you could
never if you tried to prosecute Syria
for this in a legitimate court of law
you could never get a conviction I will
tell you I'm a prosecutor and and you
would never get a conviction of Syria
for for what happened and of course this
happened on the eve of those OPCW
investigators carrying out their work
there that was supposed to be world this
morning and this happened just a couple
of hours before it could that in any way
affect the progress of their work could
it knock it back what happened now
well I think it was clear that the
United States did not want to have the
the organization send in chemical
investigators and they wanted to get
this attack over before they ran the
risk that the investigators would go in
and say either there never was an attack
or that that it was staged by the
terrorists there is actually a third
possibility chlorine is one of the ten
most common industrial chemicals water
purification is carried out by chlorine
many industrial functions are and so
anytime that you have mass combat in an
urban setting there is always a
possibility that there will be a
chlorine release that is not the fault
of anyone it just simply happens but
it's clear that that Syria did not
deliberately attack because there was no
mozo if there's no motive there's no
crime so look at home from where you are
what was gained from last night missiles
were fired off it depends who you listen
to Russia and Syria Syria say the
majority of them actually were
intercepted we hear that there were
those three areas that were hit but what
was achieved I think the good news is
that the the attacks were very focused
and limited I think to some extent that
the president through some of his some
of his tweets had boxed himself into a
corner and he was forced to do something
fortunately I think he chose the best
option that he could which was a very
limited attack and he said a one-off
because we're here and the guns are
still quote locked and loaded if Syria
were to do anything like this again in
their view is it gonna die down for now
what do you think is gonna happen next
then well you know when you make that
type of announcement to the terrorists
you simply send a signal to them
stage and other provocation stage and
other hoaxes and you've got the white
helmets who are affiliated with al-qaeda
and their purpose is to stage propaganda
attacks and so you really have just
invited another propaganda attack by
them and I think it's unfortunate you
know there are two sides in this war
there's the Syrians and their allies
there are the terrorists and their
allies why is this so much confusion why
is it so much confusion as you see it
but these guys the white helmets on one
side that painted as heroes humanitarian
heroes on others Russia is saying who
fact the one theory out yesterday was
the fact they were being highly
pressured to do this earlier on this
month and being pushed by the UK to to
do to do it why is there so much
confusion over who these people actually
are on either side there's a tremendous
amount of financing that goes to the
white helmets to create this propaganda
organization so there's guys oh
absolutely not no no these are these are
al-qaeda they fight and then when when
there's a propaganda hoax to be staged
they throw on a white hat and they run
around and pretend that they're picking
up children
Summit's they've been caught different
times in fact they were caught once
pulling a mannequin and out from under
rubble and pretending that it was a
victim of an attack so so they're very
oven who's selling them was the good
guys well the West is doing it because
it falls into line with the propaganda
and you know there's been enormous
propaganda through all the years of this
war directed at Syria and of course
Syria doesn't have the wealth and the
power over the media to counteract it so
you have people like me and others who
simply have a voice and they study
what's going on and they understand the
truth
and so they disclosed the truth and and
it is an enormous irritation to the NATO
countries that people are telling the
truth about what's going on or
interesting to hear your thoughts
Richard black Republican senator from
Virginia thanks for making the time to
burnout International nice CSF
