and many of us are friends but this only
means that we can have frank discussions
I've prepared a speech but as you
understand of course because of the
events that just happened the events
that filled or just mentioned I would
like to say a few words officially about
the recent events first I will talk
about the way our Western partners
explain their totally illegitimate
actions as you may have heard the US
president and the Prime Minister of the
UK and the president of France all have
been saying that they have
incontrovertible evidence of the fact
that chemical weapons first were used in
eastern gouda in duma and second they
have incontrovertible evidence showing
that it was all done by Bashar al-assad
that he gave the order I would like to
remind everybody that this is exactly
what they said a year ago or a little
over a year ago when the same white
helmets reported that in - in Italy
province serene was used and it was
again incontrovertible and our Western
partners immediately seized upon these
rumours and published very dubious video
as incontrovertible evidence we insisted
on OPCW experts being deployed to the
area they told us this was impossible
for security reasons and eventually it
came out that the OPCW received
information from the French and from the
presence that they had samples from Han
Shi Hyun
and those samples we were studied at
labs in France and in the UK and they
said it was sarin we are serious people
so we naturally contacted the French and
British asking how they got hold of
those samples and if these samples are
in London and Paris this was done by
people who are capable of operating
notwithstanding the security concerns
that existed at the time so we said why
wouldn't you use the same people
providing security for all pcw experts
so they can travel to the ground and
gain access to these samples according
to the procedure as specified in the
Chemical Weapons Convention
well our partners declined to do so they
said this was totally unnecessary
because their evidence was inconceivable
well we said could you please share your
evidence with us we would like to look
into those facts and make sure that it
is all true then they refused well the
rest is history
now as regards to doom again they say
they have incontrovertible facts that's
what they claimed to justify the
airstrikes they launched but all they
have is posts on social media and this
short video which is actually funny for
real experts still president macron who
publicly said they had incontrovertible
evidence proving that chemical weapons
were used by the regime by the acid
regime as they call it in Douma the day
before yesterday he talked to the
president and in their conversation
President Putin referred to the public
statement body French leader about this
evidence and asked him to share this
evidence with Russia because if this
really did happen we would be first to
stop such illegitimate
the use of chemical weapons what he said
in response was we are unable to provide
you with this evidence because it's
secret it's not our secret well still
these people who don't want to share
their intelligence used it as grounds
for launching an attack and this
happened one day before OPCW experts who
were already there were to go to the
incident site to establish facts whether
chemical weapons were used there or not
by the way they still say they are ready
to go to do much in order to accomplish
their mission there we'll get back to
that I hope that this time we they will
be allowed to go there and then there
are a few episodes what happened a year
ago like I said and in addition and what
happened recently they have one more
thing in common on April 4th last year
when the white helmets circulated this
report I got a call from Rex Tillerson
who said we know that chemical weapons
were delivered by an air bomb the
airplane took off at Sharad airbase and
we asked you to insist that the Syrian
government agrees for inspectors
including American inspectors to visit
this airbase to see if this was truly so
we got this permission but by the time
we contacted Washington they already
have launched their air strike
this time representative of the u.s.
embassy visited our ministry and among
other things and he presented the
American position he said they were
confident and we replied to him that our
military experts and our chemical
weapons experts have inspected
the site they were talking about what
they showed on the video this hospital
and other things and did not find
anything there and he said is it would
it be possible for American experts to
go there we said that's a great idea
let us talk to Damascus and the day
later again President Putin when he was
talking to president macro and President
Putin responding to the claims by his
French counterpart who said that there
is no doubt that this was done by the
Syrian government asked him if France
would like to deploy French experts who
would work together with Russian experts
and American experts and examine the
situation on the ground like we have
contacts between the defense ministries
and then none of the French colleagues
contacted the defense ministry or the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the
Russian Federation and again as you know
they launched their airstrikes in study
so we really want to establish the facts
very often they tell us that they have
all the facts
they have incontrovertible facts and
evidence but when we ask them to share
and they said no why your intelligence
services know everything very well
themselves so we would like to focus in
this particular incidence and in other
incidents as well on facts including the
so-called scruple case as you know in
this particular case our US counterpart
our UK counterparts refused to answer
dozens of questions that we asked at
different times and always say is that
you did not answer any of our questions
well I would like to remind everybody
that the questions they asked was only
one question and this question was they
wanted Russia to acknowledge
tell them how Nava Chop was delivered to
London whether it was done by the order
of President Putin or because Russia has
no control over its chemical weapons
stockpile that was their only question
well our questions were extremely
specific our questions were based on the
fact based on the Chemical Weapons
Convention okay I have a note here
saying that the Pentagon justifies the
air strike against Syria before any
conclusion by the OPCW experts well this
is not true we followed the situation
minute after minute and the Syrian
government was really they were waiting
at the border and they were willing to
let experts go there immediately they
would issue visas immediately and this
was an official statement and the OPCW
is aware of that so American cell also
should have known about this okay let me
get back to what I was saying earlier as
you know the rich invited a group of
OPCW experts this was done by laterally
they said that later we will inform
everybody about their conclusions and a
report by this group of OPCW experts was
circulated first in the form of a resume
for public consumption and then they
circulated a detailed confidential
version of the same report which was
intended only for OPCW members this
report said only talked about the
chemical formula of the substance that
was provided by the British and OPCW
experts also took their own samples they
this doesn't contain any names Nava Cho
Korean connected
just give a long chemical formula
according to our specialists this
formula points to a substance that has
been developed in many countries and
there is no particular secret about this
formula well I'm going to give you some
examples like colleagues say that we
have some intelligence we have some
secret data but we can share it as you
know we also have our ways of getting
confidential information and since this
information has to do with the issues
related to life and death we will not
make any secret of this information we
are aware of the fact that based on
information from a Swiss from the Swiss
center of radiological and
bacteriological biological analysis and
this information was obtained
confidentially the experts of this
center on March 27th have concluded
their examination of the samples that
were sent to them for by the OPCW these
samples of that were taken by OPCW
experts in Salisbury and that is a lab
in the town of spits professional lab
with professional scientists this these
are the conclusions that they gave I am
going to quote literally what they wrote
back to the OPCW is their conclusion of
course this is a translation but I will
read it out to you in Russian after this
study the samples of the dean's
substance and its precursors which are
belong to the second category of
chemical weapons under the Chemical
Weapons Convention B Zed is a chemical
substance that decay the capacity AIT's
human being temporarily within 60
minutes after
use and continues within four days
these substance has been used by US Army
UK army and other NATO countries Russia
has never produced anything like this
substance also but this substance
contains nerve agent eight to thirty
four significant concentration so
according to these experts there is a
high concentration of a 234 which would
cause immediate death since it's highly
volatile it would be impossible for
speech acts
why how its experts were able to
establish this substance because the
period of time that happened that took
place was quite substantial over a week
and the u.s. crippled you know has been
discharged from a hospital and the
condition of Sergei scrape all is
improving this looks more like that
BeeZee substance was used
none of these facts were mentioned in
the final report circulated by the OPCW
so because of that we will reach out to
the OPCW and we will ask them why this
important information what I just read
out to you this information that
reflects conclusions by experts from
this pits lab was omitted was not
included in the final report
of course if the OPCW rejects the very
fact that they contact at this bits lab
then we would be interested to listen to
their explanations as well so I will
stop here with my introduction regarding
recent events I prepared a totally
different speech like I said earlier and
I hope we can discuss other matters as
well more eternal subjects than the
things you know such said incidents as
what happened today and a year ago I
would like to thank our colleagues
journalists for releasing these facts to
the media space thank you very much we
would like to thank
