right now we're joined alive by former
US diplomat Jim John truss Jim here we
go again it seems what do you think
about Donald Trump's decision was it
unexpected you know I when this this
whole let's be honest false flag this
whole duma hopes first came up i
expected an almost immediate response
the way President Trump did last year he
held off for a few days there was some
indication the heads were cooling maybe
we would wait for the OPCW inspectors to
get the Duma some people who have been
following this very critically even it
seemed to think we were out of the woods
and I kept thinking we weren't well III
think it was clear he was going to do
something and I think it's unfortunately
a either a function of just how misled
he is by all the really bad people he's
put around him which by the way he has
to take the blame for because he
appointed them or how scared he is how
boxed in he is by all the various
scandals that they've been have been
aimed at him by the very same deep state
whose agenda he is now implementing with
this strike let's be honest if you're al
Qaeda and their various offshoots in
Syria you've got to be very happy
tonight now Jim while we are speaking
we've got a split screen with you and
then we also have some images live from
Cyprus where we're seeing airplanes
taking off from the Cyprus airbase to
Syria which is I guess we can say as
part of this ongoing attack of ongoing
strikes but if we go back to this
situation in Douma there's still no
evidence of a chemical attack in Douma
that we've seen or compelling evidence
that would necessitate a strike on this
scale why do you think he decided to
take military action at this time oh I
think preventing a real investigation in
Douma was one of the reasons for it
let's be clear even if the accusation of
what happened in duma was the work of
the syrian government were absolutely
true this action still would not be
justified in my opinion it certainly
would not be legal and it certainly
would
t-time urgent so what exactly is the big
hurry here the big hurry in my opinion
is that you've got the inspectors on the
ground in Damascus now ready to go to
the scene and confirm what I am morally
convinces the case is that there was no
attack and even if there by some chance
they're worried I don't think there was
it certainly was not the work of the
Syrian government just as we saw with
khan shaykhun last year I think this
timing was directly involved to directly
time to make sure that inspection could
not take place especially after the
Russians pointed the finger right and I
think truthfully at the British and
because we know that mi6 supports the
white helmets mi6 was behind the steel
dec√≠a mi6 was behind it was implicated
in the scripts crippled poisoning and
Salisbury there are a lot of very dirty
British free to friends here and I
wouldn't be at all surprised of Teresa
may was very very keen on pushing Donald
Trump to move ahead on this as fast as
possible
now in his remarks he Donald Trump
deviated from his prepared remarks we
have a transcript of what he was
supposed to have said but he deviated
from that a little bit in directing his
comments directly to Iran and Russia
asking why they wanted to be associated
with a murderous regime also saying that
hopefully is some day the United States
and Russia would get along but then
maybe not he also said that these three
countries the US the UK and France have
marshaled their righteous power against
barbarism where do you think this
decision could lead do you think that it
could possibly spiral towards a military
conflict directly with Russia yes of
course it could and that's what we need
to see in the next day or so however
long this attack lasts what exactly gets
hit our Russians killed according to the
reports I've seen you know this is not
just an isolated hit on an airbase
somewhere this is in Damascus who knows
in what are there parts of the country
who else is going to be the target of
these strikes I don't know what the
Russians will do in response it's not up
to me to see what they should do in
response to this as far as what he said
about Russia he'd indicated something
like this in a tweet the other
that we could do so much to help Russia
with their economy somehow suggesting to
them that if they walk away from this
evil evil Bashar al-asad we are going to
help them with their economic
development and and there's so many
things wrong with that to start with or
are we gonna walk away from our
dictatorial Saudi friends or destroy
Yemen I don't see anybody threatening
anybody over that and and and and I
think you also have to put that in the
context of the expulsion of Russian
diplomats on the on the scribble hoax
the the sanctions that were recently
thrown at Russia by the United States
Britain and several other countries that
that a number of people are are
interpreting as aimed at regime change
an open invitation for oligarchs to get
together and stage a coup in Russia I
don't think anybody in Russia and their
right mind would take what mr. Trump
said as anything really but a threat you
do what we say or we will destroy your
economy well if you do what we say maybe
we will help you then I don't think
anybody should believe that now Jim
we're getting reports from Reuters that
there are already explosions heard in
Damascus also Reuters saying that the
bars a district in Damascus has been hit
by US attacks specifically scientific
research facilities located in that area
Donald Trump has said that he is
targeting Damascus his ability to create
chemical weapons
how extensive do you think that the
bombings will be there in Damascus and
in Syria I don't know because let's be
clear about it I don't think I don't
think Syria has chemical weapons I I
think that the Russian effort to get
them out of there after what happened in
goods in 2013 was genuine it was
certified as genuine by the OPCW this
notion that these strikes are actually
hitting chemical weapons facilities I
think is a conscious transparent lie and
that these targets are being chosen for
other reasons now what those other
reasons are I don't know are they
decapitation strikes are they trying to
murder Bashar al-assad are they trying
to to decimate the Syrian government
I don't know but what we can say is once
again we find ourselves acting as the
air force of all these jihadist
terrorists al Qaeda Isis Jaysh al-islam
sharm it's it is really morally
reprehensible
now we're also getting a word that the
United States is allegedly using
Tomahawk missiles to target several
targets in Syria one thing that I'm
interested in and definitely interested
in your take and and I can kind of gauge
where we might go with this but Saturday
the OPCW experts were supposed to start
their work in Syria now why do you think
they decided to strike just one day
before their work was supposed to begin
I mean if the investigation is supposed
to start on Saturday don't you think
that they should give that investigation
some time to get going before they
decide to do this military intervention
well of course they should if they were
interested in the truth at all you'd
think they would to be demanding that
they would want those inspectors to go
in in fact they would say we would like
any independent teams from any countries
to come in and inspect this and to get
as much information as possible you
notice that you heard nikki Haley saying
the Americans the French the British
have all independently come to the same
conclusion first of all I don't believe
a word of that and secondly if they had
such information why won't they make it
public oh they can't because of sources
and methods of course this is the same
transparent lie we got about weapons of
mass destruction in Iraq it's the same
lie about Qaddafi being readied an
ambassador his own people in Tripoli
it's the same lies we got about the
market-place bombings in Sarajevo or
about the rachac massacre in Kosovo the
trouble with false flags is they work
especially when you have a compliant
media that just relays like a bulletin
board everything that gets turned out by
the deep state and you'll notice that at
the same time we have this this
tightening of the screws on any
independent sources of information RT
was just taken off the the cable system
here in Washington about two weeks ago
we've had the Twitter and Google + and
and Facebook and other social media
taking off things that are considered
propaganda which means they don't match
the official narrative the the the the
damage that's being done here is not
just the threat of a US Russia war in
Syria which is obviously a terribly
deadly consequences for everybody but in
terms of the strangling of freedom here
at home to facilitate this kind of
aggression I think should be terrifying
to all Americans I should also point out
Jim right now we're getting word from
syrian state TV that their air defense
systems are in fact working to counter
US strikes of course this is where you
know they say the first casualty of any
sort of a conflict when it comes to war
is the truth so we have to be filtering
all of this through this lens if you
will but you know in the past when we
talk about you know the Cold War and we
talk about things that have happened in
the past with Vietnam and with Korea
these were all thought of as proxy wars
whereas you had the capitalist side
versus the communist side never directly
was there US vs. Soviet confrontation
right now there are boots on the ground
with Russians there in Syria if the
United States is striking against Russia
I mean it seems like this is a lot
bigger than things that we've seen in
the past or has the potential to be
that's right well let's be clear the the
political war being waged against Russia
in the last few years I would say this
goes back at least 10 years ever since
we lost control of Russia after after
Yeltsin left office is that it is much
more vicious than anything that was ever
directed against the Soviet Union what
what Soviet leader was ever demonized in
the Western media the way Vladimir Putin
has been not even Stalin was ever
demonized in the Western media and that
was largely in my opinion because a lot
of Western liberals and self-styled
progressives actually sympathized with
communism as an ideology they thought it
was a good idea well of course being
Russians they make a bad job of it but
the ideology and its intentions are
rather good but since Russia has
recovered itself as Russia it's a
relatively conservative country
certainly in a European car
Christianity is a very strong moral
pillar of Russian society and even of
the Russian state and I think these
people really really do not like that in
their kind of anti traditional
postmodern approach to I would say
almost like an anti civilization that
they are promoting I almost have the
sense sometimes that we and the Soviet
ideologically have sort of switched
roles where the the godless
revolutionary power and Russia's a
conservative national power and I think
that's one reason there is such a hatred
for Russia and especially for President
Putin among the leading classes in in
the United States and Western Europe and
I think they there there's a certain
recklessness attached to with that back
during the Cold War we were careful you
know my father is a retired fighter
pilot
he you know he can tell you how careful
we were during the Cold War to make sure
there was no direct confrontation
between US and Soviet forces here
there's almost a kind of a Glee that we
might confront the Russians directly or
kill a bunch of Russians as you'll hear
on American television all the time
regarding that incident a few weeks ago
back in the euphrates where evidently we
killed an unknown number of Russian
contractors I think there are people
here who are eager to kill Russians Jim
if you don't mind I'm gonna ask you to
go down the rabbit hole with me a little
bit simple question who benefits from
all of this
nobody Ben well it'll be back up
obviously regionally Israel and Saudi
Arabia think they're going to benefit
from this but if this turns into a major
regional conflagration their
calculations may turn out very badly so
III think they're among the intended
beneficiaries whether they will benefit
from it or not certainly the deep state
and albeit be of the liberal
interventionists and the
neoconservatives and the Republican
Party
a lot of nevertrump errs by the way who
have been from day one trying to subvert
the result of the elack's in the last
election they they have won because they
now own him he dances to their tune he's
jumping up and down like a monkey on a
string they own him so they have been
victorious in this and of course behind
them is the deep state again that term
has gotten to be
much overused form having been virtually
unknown a couple of years ago but when
we talk about the the resistance which
is centered in the in the CIA and the
NSA and the FBI and the Department of
Justice and let's not forget and on the
other side of the pond mi6 and GCHQ
they're all extremely happy I think it
was John Kirby the former State
Department spokesman said the other day
regarding the expulsion of the diplomats
this is very reassuring because it tells
our friends in Europe that Donald Trump
is not calling the shots but the
professionals with whom they're in
contact every day are making the
decisions and unfortunately I think
that's true all right former US diplomat
Jim Joe chess of course when situations
like this happen you're one of the
people that we want to talk to you're
someone who I wanted to talk to when I
heard that Donald Trump was going to be
speaking even before I had heard him
speak I'm sure that this won't be the
last time we discuss the situation here
on our Channel
