I'm just on my way to interview a very
prominent arsenalfan gonna be asking him
when he travels for Moscow does he have
any fears regarding the political
tension between the UK and Russia is he
worried about things like hooliganism
and follow him throughout his trip how
do you feel
travelling there in this context do you
know what I know that there's been a lot
going on between the government's what I
think that's between the government's
and I'm the person that this is football
we're going for football you know if you
listen to people around you in the UK
lots of people are coming up to me and
say Robby don't go dear you'll be mad
and then I asked him have you been to
Russia and they say well no I haven't
it's on my World Order can I get advice
so for someone who hasn't even been
there
they have also been concerns with
regards to fan safety so for example
hooliganism and also racism you know you
you've seen things about Russia and
things I've happened in Russia I'm
hoping that that's not going to be a
problem but I've been kind of encouraged
because I've like received emails from
armed groups over there in Russia I'm
saying to me that listen Robbie it's not
nearly as bad as what it's made out to
be just on the plane about to head out
to rush hour first song I'm really
looking forward to it
it's a place I've never been before to a
thousand arsal supporters come over to
watch the game many of them have been
advised by the Foreign and Commonwealth
Office as well saying that there could
be an uptake of anti-british sentiment
amongst some Russians due to the
heightened tension between the two
countries at the moment about coming
here actually it's alright there's no
tension between us the politicians get
on with it you know I went on when I
look around Moscow see how modern it is
well organized is this game how well
organized this is I really get the
feeling that work the world cops gonna
be good
we love the Russia we love the Russian
people and the friendship that we create
here and the relations the politics of
politicians I like it's no I'm not gonna
laugh I'm now it's a bit skeptical when
I first come because of all that what's
going on and whatnot but when you come
in for yourself and you see that there's
no populace you haven't seen any
anti-british that sentiment Russia's
been at Moscow has been incredible
that's just an incredible City and
everyone is friendly enough
the Russians are lovely I mean to say
what happens between governments and
what happens between people are totally
different
