some of America's key partners are not
so keen to launch a strike on Syria with
Germany Italy the Netherlands and Canada
all stating there needs to be a thorough
investigation first Peter Oliver has the
details well if there is going to be any
coalition it does seem that a lot of
leaders in Europe as well as further
afield are going to need some more
convincing we've heard from Angela
Merkel here in Berlin saying that
although a clear message needs to be
sent that using chemical weapons will
not be tolerated
she isn't prepared to commit the
Bundeswehr to strikes in Syria just yet
the German military won't be involved as
it stands similar message coming out of
Rome as well where paolo gentiloni has
said Italy will honor existing deals
when it comes to logistics but they
won't be sending any combat troops or
aircrafts we can listen to those two
leaders right now we must say as wheat
aliens always have that if we need a
long-term solution to the Syrian crisis
we not only need to respond to crimes
but first of all work towards peace
Deutschland Germany will not I want to
make it clear again that there are no
decisions but we see and support this
that everything is being done to send a
signal that this use of chemical weapons
is not acceptable science one of the
loudest voices in support of Donald
Trump has been Emmanuel macron the
French president however there are
voices within his own government that is
saying although mr. Markin claims that
there is proof of a chemical attack
they're going to need to see that proof
before they commit to any type of
military action similar words coming out
of the hague the netherlands saying they
want to see well they want to see
concrete evidence before they commit
troops to any strikes and from canada
across the atlantic there we're hearing
the words coming out of ottawa that
they're not looking to be present in
syria now Canada in the past had taken
part in bombing campaigns against Isis
in Iraq but they were all stopped back
in 2015 when Justin Trudeau took over as
the leader of the country they're now
perhaps the most go to ally that the US
has is the United Kingdom and we've
heard on Friday after a cabinet meeting
in LA
and that the British Cabinet says there
is a need for action after the alleged
chemical attack in Syria
however when speaking to people on the
street in the United Kingdom there
certainly isn't an appetite amongst the
British public to join in with Donald
Trump
we've been chamilitary strikes in Syria
will help solve anything at the moment
well I'd be very anxious about any kind
of military intervention what would it
actually achieve I really disagree with
a military action against anything
happening in this Syria there's already
enough fighting going on there as it is
and there's a real danger of war
escalating way beyond what we expect
it's an arrow and the world targeted to
send an important signal if no it's a
bad signal NATO intervention help said
thing I think we have that m5 attitude
where these countries have these
problems have these civil wars and we
try and go in and fix it but we had our
Civil War when the Americans had their
civil war nobody went and bombed us and
we got this society we have now they
need to go through this on their own
well that we as we hear there from the
United Kingdom there is a lot coming out
from all European countries that if
they're going to be a part of a
coalition they're going to need
confirmation that this chemical attack
did take place and at the moment there
are a lot of people quite skeptical as
to what the right response is at the
moment
