Peter kuznick professor of history at
American University thanks for your time
well what do you think about that and
according to Trump's nominee seeking
regime change is acceptable for the US
but not Russia because quote it's unique
but not exceptional if you can follow
that line of explanation what do you
think about that I think Vlad Amir Putin
took President Obama to task for his
talk about American exceptionalism and
that's an important message
but that same line that we're hearing
from pompeya we've been hearing from
American leaders synthesis about 16:30
this is nothing new
Madeleine Albright was Secretary of
State she said that if we use force it's
because we're the United States
we're the indispensable nation we stand
taller and see farther into the future
in other countries you had Obama talking
about us being the indispensable nation
Hillary Clinton so this is really the
air that Americans breathe the
assumption that we have the right to do
whatever we want wherever we want
because we're different than other
countries with high signs is you think
it's with hindsight and the lessons of
history do you think it's time to change
that message somewhat yeah I think it's
a different world now we're now in a
multipolar world the United States and
Russia still have a couple thousand
nuclear weapons pointed at each other on
hair-trigger alert China's economy is
booming this is no longer the world of
the early 1990s when the United States
was a unipolar nation or claim to be the
unipolar nation the world's hegemon in
the 1990s Russia effectively rolled over
under Yeltsin to American demands now
Putin is standing up and asserting
Russia's national security interests and
there are some people in the United
States who just don't like that well
more about what compared to say at at
that hearing earlier on to see him into
the job he said that President Putin has
not yet received a message over alleged
meddling indicating he supports more
sanctions is it going to go that way or
is he going to try mend relations it
seems like it'll be the former not the
latter I guess
unfortunately yes the context you put it
in before is the right one
it's not just Pompeo by himself it's
also john bolton in an already hawkish
cabinet in the united states there's a
lot of concern about trump and what
people said at least he was surrounded
by adults who were gonna constrain
restrain his more dangerous hawk
reckless impulses well now those people
are gone
if piller sins are gone I had McMaster
and those folks and now you've got the
people around Trump who are going to egg
him on who are going to encourage him to
lash out to do irresponsible things and
the problem is it's a very dangerous
situation what everybody's talking about
is the danger of a conflict between our
two countries the danger of a conflict
that could escalate and you've got
surely they're taking that into account
are they not at that high level we hope
so and we know that there are some
people who are taking that into account
and that both Trump and macron and
others have tried to walk back the
threats that they're making
but once as Kennedy and Khrushchev
warned then learned there in the Cuban
Missile Crisis once these crises develop
there you've no longer can control them
Kennedy and Khrushchev both lost control
in 1962 and that's why Khrushchev wrote
that great letter after and he said our
countries have both felt the flames of
thermonuclear war let's eliminate all
conflicts between us that can lead to
another crisis we don't have that wisdom
now it's certainly not in the White
House a final thought pump I also shared
his view on in the in his Senate test on
the Korea crisis what to do there he
says he's ready to move past diplomacy
to stop young Yang's nuclear program and
what do you make of that ahead of this a
big planned historic meeting coming up I
think that reinforces what John Bolton
has been saying Bolton called for a
pre-emptive attack on North Korea and
you know what eeks Trump is kind of
schizophrenic one day he'll talk about
fire and fury
next day I'll talk about a hamburger
summit that he wants to meet with kim
jonghwan right now he's on the hamburger
summit line of thinking that's great for
the world so we don't want the ponte o's
and the Bolton's to push him off that
line the danger of course is if they do
have this uh bit which is probably
unlikely but let's say they do meet in
May and nothing comes what is the next
step after that so that's that's the
danger is that after he Trump tries
diplomacy you can say well I tried
diplomacy but now we have no choice but
to use force so so you know when you've
got somebody that imbalanced and all of
these possible conflicts can turn into
very dangerous situations I mean what
what is the feeling there amongst
American people do they think there is
some sort of safety net behind the
scenes there American people are very
confused
because the administration says one
thing one day and it's the opposite the
next day we're not just one day the next
one minute to the next but I've been
hearing some of the military people on
television saying that we have to strike
in Syria and that the real target is
Russia what they're saying is that an
American strike on Syria will call
Russia's Bluff and we'll show that
Russia is not as powerful and militarily
significant in Syria as the Russians
have been pretending to be and then when
Russia says that if the u.s. launches
missiles in Syria Russia is going to
shoot them down and then if the Russia
does not shoot them down then you have
the Hawks in the United States being
confirmed in their sense that Russia is
not as strong as a professor
I'll not know we'll leave it for now
Peter Cosley professor a straight
American University thank you
