military option isn't being backed by
the British public according to a
national poll which suggests that 43%
are opposed to military action 34 are
undecided and only 22% would be backing
a strike in Syria we asked people in
London for their opinion direct to
military strikes in Syria will help
solve anything
hell no I think to be honest I think the
USA and the UK have an agenda
and basically how does things like the
games up the whole world knows that it's
like the agenda is the Zionist agenda to
go into Syria because it fits into their
motive to get rid of Syria or break it
up and it's looking for excuses hot mess
at the moment well I'd be very anxious
about any kind of military intervention
what would you actually achieve I really
disagree with a military action against
anything happening in this Syria there's
already enough fighting going on there
as it is and there's a real danger of
war escalating way beyond what we expect
it's an arrow and the world targeted to
send an important signal if pushed up no
it's a bad signal military intervention
develops a thing I think we have that
Empire of attitude where these countries
have these problems have these civil
wars and we try and go in and fix it but
we add our Civil War when the Americans
had their civil war nobody went and
bombed us and we got this society we
have now they need to go through this on
their own
