and well Russia had Russia said well
well okay we'll shoot those down and
have a listen I don't want to discuss
such questions whether this or that will
happen or not we just hope the parties
will avoid steps which can become a
provocation and destabilize such a shaky
situation yeah so this is Russia's
president spokesperson I was talking
about that people should come to their
senses and that they should talk it over
first and you know not speculates not
not make any more threats because there
has been an abundance of those you have
to wonder what happened what
conversations went on between Trump's
first and second tweet there how he went
from getting ready to stop the arms arms
race as a question saying Russian needs
us to help them with their economy you
know what kind of conversations went on
in the White House that made him then
tweet that out as well as saying let's
be friend because that's what for the
most part we've seen coming from Trump
that working with Russia would be good
having a good relationship with Russia
would only be a productive stance for
America and then it comes to get ready
Russia and this all comes after what we
heard at the UN Security Council as well
a lot of threats coming from them as
well I believe that was yesterday yes it
was yes it happened yesterday and there
was again a barrage of accusations but
you know when you mentioned that thing
about Russia needing the United States
Trump saying that Russia needs the
United States to help grow their economy
looking at the atmosphere at this latest
trend the United States seemed to be
getting into more and more trade wars
like they already have a trade war with
China they were in the brink of a trade
war with Europe until they until Trump
announced that Europe would not be
subject to new tariff tariffs that it is
going to impose import tariffs so for
all we know this could be yet another
threat against Russia because not so
long ago Russia was slapped by the US
sanctions over the scope I'll case and
we've seen Russian markets plummeting
you know the biggest loss being like
what 50 percent Russia's aluminum giant
losing 50 percent so this could be a
threat
but going back to the situation in Syria
this has been far from a rational
discussion really and the bottom line is
Trump is tweeting about a potential
clash military clash between two nuclear
nations exactly which is extremely
frightening but it's not really clear
whether or not he will move forward on
that and it's also not clear who's going
to be with him on that decision as we
mentioned earlier a government
spokesperson from France has said that
they still have not made any decisions
on whether they will be taking action
against Syria at this point already and
just in general there's just been some
some outliers saying maybe there should
be an investigation first correct yes
indeed that was what the Russia's
resolution at the UN Security Council
was about let the OPCW the UN chemical
body do its job
on-site produce some results some
conclusions out of their investigation
and then make the decisions as to who
and in what way should be punished
excuse me and the OPCW experts we'll
only said to get on the site of the
attack in the Syrian city of Douma by
the end of the week
judging by Trump's tweets the strike
could be launched
any minute now we do know that a fleet
of that in a US aircraft carrier has is
heading towards the Mediterranean
accompanied by some destroyers and also
USS Donald cook will be joining it
joining in it in the Mediterranean from
what we know apparently that fleet is
set to reach the Mediterranean as early
as Thursday and so this is when we could
expect the strikes if I mean maybe maybe
even earlier really so that's what we
know about the strikes and we know that
this whole action is based on on very
few facts I should say because we're
where did this where did this accusation
of a chemical attack these report act
these report known as the white helmets
they market themselves as a civil
defense group they say they're saving
lives they help get people out of from
from the rubble after the Syrian
government's but they actually get a lot
of international support as well don't
they do they almost die
think the almost got nominated for a
Nobel a Nobel Peace Prize and almost
their documentary a Netflix documentary
looking at their work also became a
Prize winning film so yes they do get a
lot of supports that despite some while
some experts who have been in Syria some
people who have worked in Syria are
saying that their reputation is shady
that it's mud because they do share a
very clear anti-government stance they
work exclusively in rebel-held areas
that's what they're doing they do not
help save lives on the in Damascus and
government in government control control
zones territories that you also are
accused of being in cahoots with
terrorist groups there are videos of
them cheering together you know into
mingling even working one of the
execution sites of jobs apart al-nusra
the video clearly shows it's some
disturbing pictures shows a man shooting
another man in the back of the head and
then white helmets volunteers are
carrying the body away so this is what
we know about this is the group which
first came up with the allegation that
the chemical attack took place the
Russian military then we now entered the
city of Douma and looked at what
happened there and they said that there
was no way they could corroborate the
accusation they said they'd we need some
we need experts we need actual chemical
experts to work the site and they also
pointed out that there was not much
sense not much point to to attack who
the city of Douma at that point because
by then Syria and Russia and Russia and
the rebels which held the city of Douma
they had already reached an agreement
and the rebels were moving out
voluntarily they were moving out of the
city of Douma and the Syrian government
were providing them a safe passage but
to a different to a different area in
the province of Idlib I think so they
could take their families with them
civilians were being evacuated as well
so it seemed like a done deal
it seemed that the city was already in
the hands of the Syrian Syrian Armed
Forces so why attack a town which which
which is already theirs so there's that
and I think we do have a guest indeed -
we can discuss this situation the
situation now right yeah we are joined
live by Omar walk off director of the
British think T tank gnosis now if you
can hear me what do you make of Trump's
rather aggressive first tweet and then
the second that followed shortly
thereafter saying there's no reason for
such bad relations with Russia aren't
those a bit contradictory it might be
but the first tweet is clearly
describing or clearly described what the
whole thing has turned into this is not
about preventing the usage of heinous
weapons like the chemical weapons this
is not about proving what the chemical
weapons were used or not all by him this
is about the United States stamping
Authority and saying I could strike
wherever and whenever I want because so
in a sense it's a classic game of
chicken
the Russians unlike what happened last
year and after Iran in the aftermath of
the country hoon chemical incident last
year there was a bit of cooperation the
United States told Russia we're going to
bump in this place and in fact telling
them if you have any personnel over
there please get them out now we are
hearing that Russia is you know mounting
a certain type of Defense the Black Sea
Fleet has been put on alert
there are news that there are the the
Russian the Russians are jamming us
drones today we've heard news that a
Russian envoy to Lebanon said that we're
going to shoot down missiles and attack
their sources so this is about
challenging the United States to do it
and the United States being Trump the
Trump being its president is with the
first tweet tweet responding saying oh
yes I'm gonna do it I'm capable of doing
it but then probably somebody told them
that this is pushing this a bit too far
we're not so sure about our allies our
allies in France
the UK perhaps are having cold feet
about this and the starting questions
about what evidence do we really have
obviously for example in the UK the
Prime Minister to resume if anything
goes wrong and British playing shot down
or a British soldier failed or whatever
the first thing she'd going to be asked
in the in the Parliament is that on what
basis did you actually go has there has
there actually being a chemical attack
or not what precautions did it take so
it's like a career-ending debacle
and that's why probably somebody phoned
him and said mr. president can we be a
little bit smoother and and that's why
the the second tweet has come out
presumably mr. Goff the you've you've
mentioned that not every US ally could
be on board with the United States
mentioning Theresa May and the treasom a
could be happy having cold feet so to
speak let's say we've indeed seen
reports that neither the UK nor France
are on the same side with the United
States here that they want more evidence
that they haven't been convinced to go
on with the strikes with their own based
on the based on the evidence the United
States have shown them if Donald Trump
if the US military does head Syria what
do you think their reaction will be the
UK and France I don't think they will
join but not though well they won't join
until for example they wait for a
certain investigation the OPCW team is
heading to Damascus element as we
understand now we think that should the
United States decide to go alone in
conducting such a strike then the strike
would be less effective would be
probably costly you know sort of
cosmetic type just like the Shia rat
attacked last year exactly the same time
after or in the aftermath of Cocoon so
just this is about telling the Russia
telling the world that we can actually
strike should there be allies then we're
talking about perhaps a more
comprehensive operation a more unified
front and that would give them other
options but the rhetoric we're hearing
from the other front from Russia from
Syria is that they are going to you know
oppose this and have all the right in
the world to attack or defend themselves
attack whoever is attacking them and
this doesn't have to be only by shooting
down missiles and airplanes it could be
also retaliating on the sources so this
has obviously forced and we've heard the
Russian ambassador to the UN yesterday
appealing twice for those people to his
colleagues from France the United
Kingdom and the United States to think
twice about it because there will be
some retaliation and consequences we've
also have had Russia responding saying
that a strike could in fact destroy any
evidence of a chemical weapons attack do
you think that's a just concern and if
so why would a strike be carried out
then anyway well I think they're just
about teasing him at the moment they
clearly have the upper hand on this
we've seen video of a Russian military
police you know a personnel or officers
heading towards the alleged chemical
attack place this was reported by an
activist in Duma clearly has got nothing
to do with the Syrian government so you
could argue that this is in their favor
ie the opposition's favor so he was
reporting it and it clearly shows that
the Russian personnel the officers were
heading there without any chemical
warfare no gas masks no special suits
obviously they don't think that anything
has happened and he was thinking you
know what is the upstairs has just go
upstairs they obviously know that
nothing has happened and by itself this
shows that there is no trace about the
of this whatsoever for them to be
concerned personally about so the
evidence isn't there but probably the
Russian Defense Ministry or foreign
ministry can't remember who actually
issued that we is just teasing the
American
you know are we going to be
overwhelmingly striking so that nothing
is left to search for just the bottom
line here is there could be a
confrontation between the United States
and Russia how real is that possibility
in your opinion well we think that's
real especially if the likes of Britain
and France decide that this is the time
to confront Russia we need to know that
this is not about Syrian or or
understand out and say no but we need
poorly to take into consideration that
this is not about Syria of chemical
warfare this has been brewing for the
past few years with confrontations in
the Ukraine with you know the the latest
script pal case in Britain and those
states the rest in general see Russian
influence growing on a daily basis
basically in the Middle East which is
such a critical area and they need to
confront it they need to show the likes
of Saudi Arabia the likes of Qatar but
they are a dependable ally and then they
shouldn't or the Emir's and sheiks of
that of those wealthy nations shouldn't
really go to Moscow and you know strike
oil and gas deals and what-have-you
economic you know deals and that they
should rely on the United States for
their survival
so this is about influence this is not
about Syria or chemical warfare and in
that sense yes there might be a
confrontation but Russia is in such a
powerful situation now in Syria at least
with regards to the legitimacy of their
presence there because it's basically
legal there are there are in order has
been have been sorry agreements formal
agreements sign between the two
governments Syria and Russia and they
can you know tap into whatever resources
needed let alone then betting on the
winning horse in this whole equation
which is the Syrian state the Syrian
people who have no interest whatsoever
in tech theory or Islamic radicalism so
the United States is losing ground they
have a bad hand to play and you know
presumably they will get out as Trumper
said but he you know at the moment of
madness anything can happen now in his
tweet vowing to fire missiles at Syria
Trump said you know that Russia vows to
shoot down any and all miss our missiles
aimed at Syria get ready Russia pulling
in Russia they're into the whole thing
do you think that's been kept because of
the comments from the Russian ambassador
to Lebanon saying that US missiles would
be shot down or do you think that this
stark was coming either way no again
this is we think this is turning into a
game of chicken and the main interest
now of the United States too is to tell
they had been put somewhat into a corner
by the Russian counter threats their
main interests at the moment is to
assert Authority or what they believe is
their growing authority in the world and
that they can strike wherever and
whenever they like so they might throw
in whatever sophisticated missiles just
to tell the Russians and the rest of the
world that they can do it this has got
nothing to do with any situation on the
ground it's just about telling the world
that they are still supreme amaro work
off a director of the Britain think tank
enosis thank you so much for joining us
today and adding your comments to this
breaking news story thank you very much
for having me
a year ago America shot dozens of
missiles at the Shia air base in Syria
it led to several civilian casualties
and sparked anger in certain quarters
right now Washington's reportedly
deploying an aircraft carrier group to
the Middle East and Europe replacing
another already there other alarming
signs have also appeared that seemed to
flag up the possible action against
Syria then you use air safety bodies
issued an alert saying all flights
around the Mediterranean in the next 72
hours should exercise caution now a war
of words has broken out on Tuesday at
the UN Security Council that's after
three resolutions over the latest
alleged chemical attack in the country
were shot down in the UN Security
Council someone clearly explains to me
why this alleged chemical attack was
necessary for Damascus especially if
almost all militants were evacuated from
at the time today they vetoed for the
6th time a resolution condemning Assad
for chemical weapons attacks on his own
people you have already appointed guilt
in such cases Russia and Iran are always
to blame we are not able to support the
text it would be like watching a fire
and identifying that there's a fire and
doing nothing to put it out
unfortunately our American partners and
colleagues do not need a real
investigation stating that a potential
strike against Damascus would be
ungrounded Russia put forward a
resolution that would require experts
from the chemical weapons watchdog to
carry out on-site investigations of all
supposed incidents
contrary to Washington's proposal Russia
also rejects the notion they should be
tasked with attributing blame the
godsister sure she wouldn't even the US
delegation today made one more step
towards confrontation as a part draft up
for vote which doesn't have the full
support of the UN Security Council
members this text is nothing more than
an attempt to renew the joint
investigative mechanism in Syria which
investigated a previous chemical attack
Jim became a puppy in the hands of
anti-assad forces and was disgraced as a
judge the southern state in spite of a
lack of credible proof
well Donald Trump's decision to lash out
at Syria last year saw his popularity
surge at home and that's a pattern
that's seen history repeat itself by
round the flag effect an increased
popular support of the president during
war accompanied by reduced criticism of
governmental policies any nuclear
missile launched from Cuba against any
nation in the Western Hemisphere as an
attack by the Soviet Union on the United
States
progress is now being made towards the
restoration of peace in the Caribbean we
refuse to permit the use of terrorism
and it's the seizure and the Holding of
hostages to impose political demands we
will see to continue along with other
nations and with the officials of Iran a
prompt resolution of the crisis I have
therefore directed to eject the Iraqi
army from Kuwait
as president I can report to the nation
aggression is defeated the war is over
American and coalition forces are in the
early stages of military operations to
disarm Iraq to free its people and to
defend the world from grave danger
the United States and our allies have
prevailed tonight I ordered a target
military strike on the airfield in Syria
I think Donald Trump became President of
the United States I think this was
actually a big moment
the French president Emmanuel macron has
been calling for a tough response on
Syria following the reported chemical
incident but at the same time we have
heard that the a representative of the
French government has said that a
decision has still not been made when it
comes to taking action against Syria and
also the idea of a tough response is not
a view that's shared by all politicians
in France showing a lack of unity one
knows perfectly that in wartime the
first victim is truth what happens on
the ground is almost unknown to us the
chemical attack which evidently took
place is abominable we must condemn it
but we still have to find out who
committed it it sounds a lot like an
excuse for the United States of America
and their allies to get back in the game
and to engage in an armed conflict I
think that currently France is
contributing to the creation or the
recreation of a certain form of the cold
war with Russia it's pointless because
it doesn't benefit France or its economy
or international relations to let the
u.s. seeking to stir up a conflict with
Russia bosses around to discuss this
further I'm now joined live by RT Zegers
none of now at the end of the day we
still have very little information when
it comes to the chemical attack the
alleged chemical attacks that took place
on Saturday so what information do we
have in a house sound is it at this
point well let's do the facts we do have
one fact that the allegation was put
forward by the white helmet singh group
which self market itself for self
markets itself as a civil defense group
so they they they do not have an
official title so to speak but they say
they save lives and they help get people
from under the rubble they work
exclusively on rebel-held territories
they admit that they haven't strong
anti-assad stance so basically this is
that's basically they are not an
impartial group this is what I'm trying
to say also they have been criticized
despite having large supports
the West they have been criticized by
people who have worked in Syria saying
that they are in cahoots with some
terrorist organizations there you have
it so after they put forward that
allegation that the chemical attack
actually happened in the Syrian city of
Douma the Russian military moved in to
have a look they couldn't find any
traces of any chemical weapons being
used no victims so they said okay we're
not professionals here we need some
professionals we need some actual
experts on the ground and this is what
pretty much the Russia's position has
always been about also the Russian
military have pointed out that there
wasn't much sense to carry out an attack
in the city of Douma because the rebels
were already moving out of there because
it was part of the agreement reached
with the with the government the
government stops bombing the city and
the rebels move out safely the
government provides them a safe passage
so the city was pretty much taken by the
Syrian forces so why launched an attack
and a chemical one especially against it
so the United States says that it has
intelligence information corroborating
the allegation put forward by the white
helmets although that intelligence
wasn't even able to provide the State
Department with a chemical and exact a
particular chemical which apparently was
used in the city of Douma have a listen
now we do know that some sort of a
substance was used a chemical was used
we're just not sure at this point today
exactly what was we used so some sort of
substance that's all they have at this
point and yet we already have Donald
Trump saying you know the missiles are
on the way so it really does feel like
the fears that action is going to be
taking place before an investigation
could possibly be coming true at this
point well indeed this is very very this
whole situation is very very far from a
rational discussion in the United States
could very much because of that the
United States could very much be alone
on this because we've had with heard
reports
of the UK and France are not being just
ready to jump in and this they've been
saying that the reports have been saying
that Theresa May and Emmanuel macron
need more evidence to show for the fact
that the chemical attack actually took
place because the real danger here is a
direct confrontation between the United
States and Russia while facts are being
overshadowed by emotions thank you so
much for that update I'm sure you'll be
staying across this for us for the rest
of the day now during Tuesday's Security
Council meeting the US ambassador nikki
Haley proclaimed Russia's hands are
covered in the blood of Syrian children
and out of that shaming Russia with
pictures of those kids hasn't worked in
the past
parties Elia petrenko takes a look at
the pictures of the children the US
envoy chose not to show to shame the
Russians all US officials think they
have to do is say one word kids the
Russian regime whose hands are all
covered in the blood of Syrian children
cannot be ashamed by pictures of its
victims
we've tried that before you see mrs.
Haley said it out loud they're used to
telling the world about kids
Russia's friends killed with the latest
chemical attack call like always the
American media were there to spread the
word these images are so disturbing the
children the families in such distress
what you see around their mouth appears
to be foam that's a sign of a chemical
attack horrific images of Syrian
children fighting for breath the u.s.
accusing Russia and Syrian President
Assad ruined children's lives thousands
of graves that weren't meant to be dug
so early stories from war ravaged parts
of the Middle East will make you cry and
all of them must be told but I can't
help asking why for US officials or
journalists these agonizing stories from
Mosul Iraq or Raqqa in Syria don't exist
No on some channels you'll never see
their stories maybe because their scars
are how America's top military men puts
it a fact of life civilian casualties
are a fact of life civilians will get
caught in the crossfire civilians will
get hurts events will get killed if you
want to liberate your towns and cities
it comes at a price responsibility for
civilian casualties in Iraq and Syria
lies with Isis that is on them not on us
we are the good guys and the innocent
people on a battlefield know the
difference kids lives in another Arab
country Yemen have turned into a
disaster that's a fact
so say humanitarian groups and it is a
fact of life in a sense that Washington
is pretty much at hand when Saudi Arabia
is bombing civilians across the border
the Saudis have spent billions on what
Uncle Sam has to offer and Donald Trump
loves selling guns to besides in case
someone forgot the Americans themselves
have for years been taken away innocent
lives in Afghanistan when the explosions
happen
I was with my uncle and cousins American
soldiers opened fire and a bullet flew
by my face this is my younger brother
Farrah Diller he was killed by US troops
this is my brother sharafat also killed
and this is my father's Eagle he was
killed as well I want the government to
avenge my father and kill his killers
the Russian regime whose hands are all
covered in the blood of Syrian children
cannot be ashamed by pictures of its
victims we've tried that before
I'm Ilya DeFranco in Moscow to discuss
president Trump's promise to attack
Syria with smart missiles we are now
joined alive
by joshua landis director of the center
of Middle East Studies at the University
of Oklahoma now what do you make of
Trump's rather contradictory tweets
first coming out saying Russia get ready
then saying Russia we need to work
together and let's stop the arms race
well I think that President Trump likes
to use a lot of bombast he likes to
scare people and then he likes to make a
deal this is you know having been able
to observe him now for some time this is
the art of the deal according to
President Trump well there have been two
tweets coming out from Donald Trump one
threatening and imminent strike and
another one calling - some would
cooperating with Russia and saying that
maybe we should stop the arms race what
do you think happened in between of
those tweets there were literally posted
within like 40 less than 14 minutes
between each other
well those are two different issues one
is deterring President Assad from using
weapons chemical weapons and the other
is trying to draw down weapons and save
money on in the relationship with Russia
so it's possible that one could pursue
these two different strategies in two
different parts of the world so in that
sense it's quite clear the United States
has tried to deter Assad from using
chemical weapons this is a very narrow
objective it has nothing to do with
changing the balance of power in Syria
about a thousand six seven hundred
people have been killed with with
chemical weapons according to the United
States in Syria since the beginning of
seven years so it's really about that
use and upholding the norm the
international norm of not using chemical
weapons established by Obama pursued by
Trump and I feel that Trump doesn't
really need doesn't want to abandon that
one strategy in Syria we had Trump
saying that you know announce an
announcement was going to be made on sea
in saying that nothing was off the table
and now we have this tweet essentially
saying that missiles will be headed
towards Syria at some point do you think
that's the end of the announcement do
you think that will definitely happen or
is there a possibility of that getting
backtracked there's a possibility of a
getting back track there there's a lot
of diplomacy going on now the
International Agency for looking over
chemical weapons said they want to go
into the hooter and check this out and
adjudicate claims between Russia in the
United States about whether they were
used or not used alts flag not false
flag so there there is a lot going on
it's unclear what America wants to
achieve out of this is it just going to
try to deter weapons chemical weapons or
are there larger agendas doesn't want to
weaken Assad does it want to stay in
Syria Americans very confused right now
about its strategy in Syria we've seen a
lost contradictory phrases and there is
a new person Bolton as a national
security council who just came on
several days ago so we really don't know
what America's strategy is in Syrian I
think there's some confusion behind
Trump and he's probably listening to his
his policymakers and trying to figure
out where the missiles fit into this
well Josh I just wanted to go back to
your previous answer you mentioned that
Trump's goal of the first tweet is to
stop President Assad from using the
chemical weapons but does it bother you
that the US president is making
assumptions and making conclusions out
of something that the basically out of
something that has only been
corroborated by the accusations coming
from the white helmets group not
something that has been backed by the
OPCW what I mean is the OPCW the UN
experts are only set to arrive on site
by the end of the week and the US
president is already already seems to
broker the idea that Assad perpetrated
the attack
so does it bother you certainly it does
we've seen mistakes made in the past for
example the invasion of Iraq
so of course it would be great to have
proof it's also you know the problem is
is that all this footage that came out
showing the use of chemical weapons now
if it's a false flag clearly that will
come out in the future and America will
get a lot of muddled space if it uses
these weapons the problem is is there's
a long history of the use of chlorine
gas and this is a problem that started
with Obama he did not include chlorine
gas in the original prescribed chemical
weapons then it was included later on
but America didn't do anything about and
it was used we believe at least you must
believes multiple times in very small
quantities very few people were
ultimately killed by it but it was used
and it and this this in a sense was the
American mistake because they didn't do
anything about it they don't want to get
sucked into Syria and it became an issue
it's become an issue with these these
videos coming out of the terrible
suffering of young children which has
affected Trump and the American
population and he feels compelled to do
something about it and there we go well
of course that's an understandable idea
wanting to do something in the face of
this but the point is there's nothing
been confirmed at this point there were
also reports that some of the militants
in the area were also stockpiling
chemical weapons and of course when the
finger of blame is soft and pointed at
this thought it's easy to go ahead and
get that blame put on him either way so
shouldn't the point be that an
investigation should be carried out
completely before any action is being
taking place just like Russia has been
calling for for people to come to the
site and go ahead and get evidence on
site yes no you're absolutely correct
there should be an investigation the
problem is is a trust has collapsed
between Russia and the United States
relations are very bad and we know that
both Democrats and Republicans are
calling for much
stringent sanctions and other methods of
retribution against Russia this has
become a very domestic issue but
relations have become more contentious
and and and also there are many many
people are worried the Trump is ready to
leave Syria after all just two weeks ago
he said it's time to get out of Syria
and this this upset many elements in the
foreign policy community who have who
don't want to see the United States
leave Syria they wanted the United
States to remain there for the unfit for
the long haul as it was called in order
to roll back Iran
set up a Kurdish quasi Kurdish state
letour autonomous state that to help
Israel - to help Saudi Arabia to deter
Turkey these are there are many
different aims from different elements
in the United States and outside of the
United States so so this is liz's in a
sense all focusing now on chemical
weapons because President Trump acted
before on chemical weapons and has
pursued the Obama doctrine which is the
United States Russia cult must have hold
this norm and so many people are hoping
that in doing that the United States
will reverse its present policy of
withdrawal and state the long haul
Joe sure this is something just in we
have yet another statement of the
Russian or foreign ministry spokesperson
spokeswoman Maria Zakharova
she was talking about this she was
responding to the second tweet of Donald
Trump and his question as to whether or
not an arms race should be stopped and
she's saying that the that she believes
that the arms race should be stood at
the beginning - this process should be
the United States getting rid of its own
chemical stopped stockpile do you think
this is a valid statement well obviously
it underlines hypocrisy and s is always
a problem and the United States after
all demonstrated that weapons of mass
destruction work when it used
the atom bomb at the end of World War
two it brought about the end and the
surrender the Japanese because as we
recall and in march 45 the u.s. killed
about a hundred and forty thousand
people a largest single-day of death in
tokyo with a fire bombing using napalm
on tokyo a wooden city that killed lots
of people made a a million people
refugees in one night the japanese call
it the night of the black rain but the
Japanese refused to give up and hence
atom bomb was used on two cities killing
a hundred thousand mostly women and
children in both cities and it worked
and this has set a precedent today
because people try and want to win Wars
and if they believe they take and win
them through using weapons of mass
destruction such as chemical weapons
they will try and now of course they
don't always work the United States used
about a hundred and twenty million
gallons or twenty million gallons excuse
me
of chemical weapons in Vietnam and it
didn't work for them there so they're
not oh is the answer although they can
kill lots of people and this is the
problem and you raise this problem
hypocrisy and in America you know in
large ways of the world looks fairly
hypocritical when it comes to using
weapons of mass destruction because it
it has a long history of using them in
its own Wars now we've also seen a
response from the US senator Tim Kaine
saying on Twitter that you know were
fifteen months into the Trump
administration and says that there is no
strategy to be seen yet when it comes to
Syria saying that threats tweets and
one-off strikes are not a strategy nor
is baiting Russia what do you make of
his comments well he's right to
underline the confusion in America's
foreign policy establishment because
both President Obama and President Trump
have wanted to get out of Syria
basically they did not want to get
sucked into a permanent
in Syria the way they have in Iraq and
Afghanistan and that's one policy but of
course much of the foreign policy
establishment wants America to set up
shop in Syria and to really change the
course of the Civil War to ease Assad
out rollback Iran and an undo
much of the failures that America has
experienced since the invasion of Iran
and and the Trump doesn't want to do
that he's already called in his campaign
these were stupid Wars he's criticized
both President Bush and the Clinton
Secretary of State period or regime
change which he said was stupid and had
only brought more fundamentalism and
chaos to the Middle East so we have a an
American establishment that is in deep
disagreement about what his foreign
policy should be should it double down
in the Middle East should it try to get
out and that that I think we're going to
hear a lot about this in the coming
weeks yes I think much of the world is
going to be watching and waiting to see
if Trump's tweets turn into action at
this point joshua landis director of the
center of Middle East Studies at the
University of Oklahoma thank you so much
for your time today
pleasure well the former Prime Minister
Tony Blair who controversial II led his
own country into a war has weighed in
over Syria and he still believes
military interventions are a good idea
this would be action in support of
military intervention by the the US if
you don't respond to this to the use of
chemical weapons against civilians then
obviously you know we're ignoring what
the international community has said
which is that this is unacceptable and
those that use such methods should be
held to account I gave the order for
British forces to take part in military
action in Iraq this threat is real
growing and of an entirely different
nature to any conventional threat to our
security that Britain has faced before
the program in the form that we thought
it was did not exist in the way that we
thought
so I can apologize for that I can also
apologize by the way for some of the
mistakes in planning and certainly our
mistaken in our understanding of what
would happen once you remove the regime
for all of this I express more sorrow
regret and apology that you may ever
know or can believe just to remind you
of the Iraq inquiry known as the
Chilcott report was published in 2016
and uncovered quote mistakes in the UK's
six-year long campaign in Iraq it
revealed there was no imminent threat to
the UK from Saddam Hussein and it also
highlighted that Blair's certainty at
Iraq was stockpiling weapons of mass
destruction including chemical and
biological agents was unjustified now
Trump is willing to enlist support from
his allies to carry out a military
strike on Syria however according to
British media reports Theresa May has
said additional evidence is needed to
prove the Syrian government conducted
the chemical attack on Duma artis an
associate sherkenna joins me with the
latest on that so it doesn't exactly
look like a united front here does it
well to clean that certainly seems to be
the case at this point according to
reports citing US officials in fact the
White House along with London and Paris
have been in some kind of consultations
trying to figure out where to take the
situation next and according to the AP
citing US officials there is no firm or
common decision that has been made quite
yet and of course given the seriousness
of what's at stake following this tweet
from Trump calling for action
essentially it's clear to understand
that of course he's going to want to see
support from his allies in Europe and
according to reports so far we know that
the French president of mine Ewan
MacColl he has said that what they would
like to see is a strong and joint
response and that a decision would be
made in the coming days now to be clear
France is reportedly being discussed as
a possible leader in this whole
tuition given Trump's initiative that he
has tweeted about and it's been said
that France in fact does not need
parliamentary approval to go ahead with
this kind of military action however
here in London it's a slightly different
situation we do know that again
reportedly Theresa May has despite
wanting to support her allies has said
that she would want to see more evidence
proving Assad's responsibility with what
happened in this latest in these latest
events unraveling it that she is in no
rush to get started on military action
and in what's been detailed is a phone
conversation between her and Donald
Trump Downing Street have said that
London VAX an international response but
wants to find out exactly what happened
and this is certainly at least at this
stage seems to be somewhat different
from the approach the White House has
taken again given Donald Trump's tweets
into taking his tweet into account and
also it has to be said that of course
here in Westminster Teresa Mae's also
seeing some pressure to have a vote in
the House of Commons were such military
action to take place and this is
something that is not likely to happen
at least today or in the days to come
given that 4-1 MPs would have to be
recalled back into the House of Commons
since they're in recess until Monday so
these are some technicalities but it
gives you an idea of what exactly is
going on at this moment in terms of any
potential unified action that the West
could take in this scenario RT is an
associate Rick no reporting live from
London thank you for the update well
Donald Trump's decision to lash out at
Syria last year saw his popularity surge
at home and that's a pattern that seen
history repeat itself flag effect an
increased popular support of the
president during war accompanied by
reduced criticism of governmental
policies any nuclear missile launch
Cuba against any nation in the Western
Hemisphere as an attack by the Soviet
Union on the United States
progress is now being made towards the
restoration of peace in the Caribbean we
refuse to permit the use of terrorism
and it's the seizure and the Holding of
hostages to impose political demands
will seek to continue along with other
nations and with the officials of Iran a
prompt resolution of the crisis I have
therefore directed to eject the Iraqi
army from Kuwait as president I can
report to the nation aggression is
defeated the war is over
American and coalition forces are in the
early stages of military operations to
disarm Iraq to free its people and to
defend the world from grave danger
the United States and our allies have
prevailed tonight I ordered a targeted
military strike on the airfield in Syria
I think Donald Trump became president of
the United States I think this was
actually a big moment just to remind you
of our breaking news this hour
Donald Trump has vowed to strike Syria
with a smart missiles warning Russia
that it had that if it wishes to protect
Sarah it better get ready although in a
follow-up tweet he called for an end to
the arms race and said Russian relations
with Russia don't have to be this way
the Russian Foreign Ministry
spokesperson responded on Facebook to
Trump's message smart missiles must be
striking the positions of terrorists not
the legitimate government that has been
fighting the international terrorism on
its territory and by the way were the
OPCW experts warned that those missiles
might destroy all the evidence of
chemical weaponry used on the ground or
they just want to quickly hide the
evidence of the provocation by those
smart missile strikes so the
international experts won't have any
proof to look for now in response to
Trump's call to also quote stop the arms
race as a heart of a also said offered
that maybe that could start with America
liquidating their chemical weapons
stockpile so here let's go back to the
beginning and start with what was
happening at the beginning of this whole
incident surrounding the chemical
weapons alleged chemical weapons attack
in Syria on Saturday
well this series of tweets is the latest
in the war of words between Russia and
the United States just yesterday they
were juking it out at the UN Security
Council what happened there
both the United States and Russia put
forward their rivaling resolutions as to
what they should believe should be done
in Syria over this over this situation
and then they both just vetoed each
other's so that's that and of course the
statements that they made about each
other's approach were not really
friendly have a listen someone clearly
explains to me what this alleged
chemical attack was necessary for
Damascus especially if almost all
militants were evacuated from the boom
at the time today they vetoed for the
sixth time a resolution condemning as
for chemical weapons attacks on his own
people you have already appointed guilt
in such cases Russia and Iran are always
to blame we are not able to support the
text it would be like watching a fire
and identifying that there's a fire and
doing nothing but to put it out
unfortunately our American partners and
colleagues do not need a real
investigation so where we stand right
now is US President Donald Trump
promising an imminent strike on Syria
and Russia previously had promised to
shoot down anything that's flying the
Syria way so there we have it a Russian
ambassador in Lebanon said that in fact
Russia could be not just shooting down
missiles but also targeting the firing
positions of the United States meaning
the Escarra that the US Armada in the
Mediterranean could be under threat if
it is to participate in the military
action against Syria now the
spokesperson for the Russian president
dmitry peskov he said that he basically
has called for all sides to calm down
have a listen I don't want to discuss
such questions whether this or that will
happen or not we just hope the parties
will avoid steps which can become a
provocation and destabilize such a shaky
situation so this a large attack
happened on Saturday it's now Wednesday
but we still really don't have that much
concrete information when it comes to
what happened is that right yes just to
quickly break down the facts for you
here the initial allegation of a
chemical attack came from a group known
as the white helmets they themselves
brand themselves as a civil defense
group and an official one in Syria and
they say that they actually help save
lives they they work the debris sites
they work the sites of airstrikes but
they do it in exclusively
rebel-controlled areas and they
themselves are saying that they are very
much against the Syrian government they
share this anti-assad stance so they are
not an impartial group in this sense the
critics in turn are saying that the
white helmets are in
with some terrorist organizations so
there you have it they have put they had
put forward this allegation of a
chemical attack first then the Russian
military moved in in the Syrian city of
Douma and they said that well they
couldn't find any evidence any traces of
chemicals being used and that they
didn't see any victims so but they
didn't make any quick conclusions they
just said okay we need some experts some
actual international chemical experts on
the ground and this has pretty much been
Russia's position on this all along
Washington and its turn is saying it's
fine but we do have our own intelligence
and we do know that the chemical attack
took place although what they don't know
as to what exactly what exactly the
United States what exactly chemical was
used in the situation now we do know
that some sort of a substance was used a
chemical was used we're just not sure at
this point today exactly what was we
used so some sort of a chemical while
the real danger here is that there could
be a military confrontation between two
nuclear States while really emotions
overshadow facts and of course our
breaking news this hour is the fact that
President Trump did vow to strike Syria
with smart missiles warning Russia that
if it wishes to protect Syria it needs
to go ahead and get ready we're going to
take a short break and then our coverage
of this breaking news will continue stay
with us
I played for many clubs over the years
so I know the game inside out
football isn't only about what happens
on the pitch for the final score it's
about the passion from the fans it's the
age of the super manager Killion air
owners and spending 220 million of one
player but it's an experience like
nothing else on earth and because I want
to share what I think and what I know
about the beautiful game I agree to want
more transfer and this is my new team
algorithm said guide the product of
Google also guides the actions of the
employees within a Google and they can't
stop the algorithm isn't this just like
Fantasia the Disney movie with Mickey
Mouse where he goes to war with the
dancing broom and he tries to chop it
down and it creates more dancing grooms
and he creates a flood within the
Wizards palace I mean these are
algorithms that are out of frickin
control and employees within the company
can't stop them they're at war driven by
algorithm who's in charge the algorithm
or the head of Google who's running the
show now there's strong pressure by the
security cabinet by the Pentagon and by
the media or bond on Donald Trump to do
something about Syria probably at some
stage he might give in to this pressure
but I don't think that it is his
intention what I consider more likely
than another US military attack on Syria
is that the United States policy will be
to wreck any effort by the Russians the
Turks and Iranian stew for a political
solution
Donald Trump dares Russia to try and
shoot down US missiles over Syria and
suggest that a strike is imminent
the US president goes on to say that
relations between the two powers are
worse than during the Cold War the u.s.
is threatening military action against
Damascus over an alleged chemical attack
yet a probe into the incident has yet to
take place with an international
fact-finding mission not even do in
Syria to the end of the week the US has
approved a grant for a media company
started by a Palestinian journalist
killed last week while covering clashes
at the Israel Gaza border and Facebook's
boss is probe over election meddling and
data leaks but it turns out those
grilling the CEO have been financially
supported by him in the past
meanwhile the social media giant faces a
fiery battle from some of its blocked
users we want Facebook to be fair stop
silencing our voices stop being biased
this is art international coming to you
live from the Russian capital with me
Jacqueline booga thanks for joining us
the situation around Syria seems to be
escalating by the minute with the US
president sending a chilling warning
chilling warning get ready Russia Trump
has promised quote nice and new smart
missiles will be fired at Syria in
response to the alleged chemical attack
in Duma he also said relations with
Moscow are now even worse than during
the Cold War Russia warns any strike on
Syria will get in the way of
investigating the reported chemical
incident that sparked the current crisis
and by the way where the OPCW experts
warned that those missiles might destroy
all the evidence of chemical weaponry
used on the ground or they just want to
quickly hide the evidence of the
provocation by those smart missile
strikes so the international experts
won't have any proof to look for Sahara
also added saying that Trump had said
stop the arms race she said that her
offer would be that that move could be
started with the liquidation of
America's chemical weapons stockpile so
we'll see if there'll be any response to
that now eager you've been following the
story very closely for us a lot has been
happening over the past few days now
let's start with the incident itself and
the UN Security Council that's been
analyzing what happened
well this Twitter exchange is just the
latest in what's been going on for days
really the war of words actually spurred
up yesterday at the UN Security Council
when both the US and Russia put forward
their resolutions as to what should be
done in Syria and so what happened they
just vetoed each other's out and so none
no resolution was passed yesterday so
there you have it and in fact what was
said to each other by Russia and by the
United States and by allies of the
United States couldn't couldn't be
really described as friendly have a
listen someone clearly explained to me
why this alleged chemical attack was
necessary for Damascus especially if
almost all militants were evacuated from
boomba
time today they vetoed for the sixth
time a resolution condemning Assad for
chemical weapons attacks on his own
people you have already appointed guilt
in such cases Russia and Iran are always
to blame we are not able to support the
text it would be like watching the fire
and identifying that there's a fire and
doing nothing that to put it out
unfortunately our American partners and
colleagues do not need a real
investigation so where we stand right
now is the United States Donald Trump
has promised that the attack is imminent
and Russia before had promised that it
will shoot down anything going the Syria
way also the Russia's ambassador in
Lebanon said that in fact the Russian
military could as well target the u.s.
firing positions not just missiles so
this is something that hasn't been
corroborated by the confirmed by the
Russia's Defense Ministry it's important
to realize that and also the president's
putin spokesman admit Ripa scoff has
called for all sides to come down a bit
have a listen I don't want to discuss
such questions whether this or that will
happen or not
we just hope the parties will avoid
steps which can become a provocation and
destabilize such a shaky situation so
this is very very far from a rational
discussion what's going on between the
diplomats of Russia and the United
States and the bottle bottom line here
is that there could be a potential
conflict potential direct conflict
between two nuclear nations and
something else is important to note is
that this alleged attack took place on
Saturday
we're now here on Wednesday but there's
really very little concrete information
to be had what information do we have
and how sound is it well exactly not
enough time has passed for any concrete
evidence any concrete information as you
say to be around really to be to be out
there in the public we do know that the
accusation was put forward by a group
known as the white helmets they self
market themselves as a civil defense
group of the
they do not have this official title in
Syria they work exclusively in the
rebel-held areas the help they do
maintain that they actually help save
lives there that they work to save
civilians from under the rubble and so
on and so forth but they also admit that
they are not impartial that they are
very much against the Syrian government
so there's that - also there's a lot of
criticism that they actually are in
cahoots with some terrorist
organizations like Japan al-nusrah so
really an organization with a rather you
know shady reputation so we have these
reports coming from them and then Russia
is the only one that's actually been on
the ground at the side of the attack
correct yes
the Russian military they moved into the
Syrian city of Douma to have a look as
to what's going on there and they say
that they couldn't find any traces of
any chemical agents neither they could
find anyone any victims of the attack
well they still they've said let's not
jump to conclusions let's invite
chemical experts all to work on the
ground have them wrap up their
investigation make they're going they're
professional conclusions this has pretty
much been Russia's stance all along
while Washington on its part said well
we do have our own intelligence
information and we do know that the
chemical attack took place and we
believe Assad is behind it what that
intelligence information failed to
provide even to the United States such
basic information as to what chemical
for example was used in the attack have
a listen now we do know that some sort
of a substance was used a chemical was
used we're just not sure at this point
today exactly what was we used so we
already have this tweet coming from
trump saying that missiles will be sent
towards Syria so it really does feel
like the fears that action will be
taking place before an investigation has
a chance to even begin really are coming
true at this point well yes because the
OPCW fact-finding mission will only
arrive in Syria by the end of the week
while we have no ideas to when krump I
said to launch his missiles whether or
not he's going he's going to launch them
in the first place
the real danger here remains of course a
new confrontation between two nuclear
states in an environment when emotions
overshadow facts eager thank you so much
for staying across this very developing
story I'm sure you'll be back with more
thank you Trump
may be rushing to act now but it wasn't
always like this back in 2013 he was
highly critical of then President Barack
Obama's approach on Syria saying bad
things will happen if Washington
launches an attack but after becoming
president Trump dropped Tom Harkin
Tomahawk missiles on Syria that is now
seemingly gearing up for action as well
here's one possible reason for such a
change of tune Bali round the flag
effect an increased popular support of
the president during war accompanied by
reduced criticism of governmental
policies any nuclear missile launched
from Cuba against any nation in the
Western Hemisphere as an attack by the
Soviet Union on the United States
progress is now being made towards the
restoration of peace in the Caribbean we
refuse to permit the use of terrorism
and it's seizure and the Holding of
hostages to impose political demands we
will seek to continue along with other
nations and with the officials of Iran a
prompt resolution of the crisis I have
therefore directed to eject the Iraqi
army from Kuwait
as president I can report to the nation
aggression is defeated the war is over
American and coalition forces are in the
early stages of military operations to
disarm Iraq to free its people and to
defend the world from grave danger
the United States and our allies have
prevailed tonight I ordered a targeted
military strike on the airfield in Syria
I think Donald Trump became president of
the United States I think this was
actually a big moment during Tuesday's
Security Council meeting the US
ambassador nikki Haley proclaimed
Russia's hands are covered in the blood
of Syrian children and added that
shaming Russia with pictures of those
kids hasn't worked in the past
Arty's India Petrenko takes a look at
the pictures of the children the US
envoy chose not to show in just a word
of warning you might find some of the
following pictures disturbing to shame
the Russians all US officials think they
have to do is say one word kids the
Russian regime whose hands are all
covered in the blood of Syrian children
cannot be ashamed by pictures of its
victims we've tried that before
you see mrs. Haley said it out loud
they're used to telling the world about
kids
Russia's friends killed with the latest
chemical attack call like always the
American media were there to spread the
word these images are so disturbing the
children the families in such distress
what you see around their mouths appears
to be phone that's a sign of a chemical
attack horrific images of Syrian
children fighting for breath the u.s.
accusing Russia and Syrian President
Assad ruined children's lives thousands
of graves that weren't meant to be dug
so early stories from war ravaged parts
of the Middle East will make you cry and
all of them must be told but I can't
help asking why four US officials or
journalists these agonizing stories from
Mosul Iraq or Raqqa in Syria don't exist
no on some channels you'll never see
their stories maybe because their scars
are how America's top military man puts
it a fact of life civilian casualties
are a fact of life civilians will get
caught in the crossfire civilians will
get
Hertz events will get killed if you want
to liberate your towns and cities it
comes at a price
responsibility for civilian casualties
in Iraq and Syria lies with Isis that is
on them not on us we are the good guys
and the innocent people on a battlefield
know the difference kids lives in
another Arab country Yemen have turned
into a disaster that's a fact
so say humanitarian groups and it is a
fact of life in a sense that Washington
is pretty much at hand when Saudi Arabia
is bombing civilians across the border
the Saudis have spent billions on what
Uncle Sam has to offer and Donald Trump
loves selling guns to riad besides in
case someone forgot the Americans
themselves have for years been taken
away innocent lives in Afghanistan
explosions happen I was with my uncle in
presents American soldiers opened fire
and a bullet flew by my face this is my
younger brother
Farrah Diller he was killed by US troops
this is my brother sharafat also killed
and this is my father's eared goon who
was killed as well I want the government
to avenge my father and kill his killers
the Russian regime whose hands are all
covered in the blood of Syrian children
cannot be ashamed by pictures of its
victims we've tried that before
I'm Ilya DeFranco in Moscow meanwhile
the British prime minister Theresa May
has said she needs more evidence in
order to back a military response
against Syria and France has said it's
not yet determined what measures it's
ready to take our TSM oficio Churkin it
joins me with the latest on that so it
doesn't exactly look like there's a
united front here well uh definitely
Jacqueline it seems like after
consultations that have been reported
between the US France and Great Britain
they don't seem to be all on the same
page quite yet following Donald Tom
Trump's tweet of course it's clear that
a lot is at stake and it has to be
understood that the White House would of
course be interested in support of its
allies when it comes to any further
military action in Syria and it has to
be said that we're where we stand right
now we know that Emanuel McConnell said
that he would want a strong and joint
response and that a decision will be
made in the days to come and in France
he doesn't need parliamentary approval
to be able to take any such action
however it doesn't seem like everybody
within France even is on the same page
everyone knows perfectly that in wartime
the first victim is truth what happens
on the ground is almost unknown to us
the chemical attack which evidently took
place is abominable we must condemn it
but we still have to find out who
committed it it sounds a lot like an
excuse for the United States of America
and their allies to get back in the game
and to engage in an armed conflict I
think that currently France is
contributing to the creation or the
recreation of a certain form of the cold
war with Russia it's pointless because
it doesn't benefit France or its economy
or international relations to let the
u.s. seeking to stir up a conflict with
Russia bosses around
well when it comes to London it's a
slightly different story as well we do
know that Theresa May has indicated that
she would want to see proof and evidence
when it comes to these accusations that
Assad is behind this latest attack and
it's been made clear that she's in no
rush to jump into military action until
such proof as seen and according to a
Downing Street that is being reported
here in the UK after a conversation with
Trump she did express that there would
be backing of an international response
but it's important to find out what
happened first and this is certainly not
necessarily the picture that the White
House wants to see right now
and we also have to keep in mind that
here in Westminster there is a lot of
debate about whether or not the House of
Commons would have to get involved in
some kind of vote before any military
action takes place in the House of
Commons right now is in recess and
there's been talk about whether or not
they would potentially come back before
Monday when they're scheduled to in
order to conduct such a vote
but that is still up in the air and
uncertain but it's clear that right this
minute there is no agreement between
Washington Paris and London on this
matter there are certainly lots of
questions to be answered right now we'll
be following that closely our T's
anastasiya Turkana thank you so much for
the update
former US diplomat Jim Jacques told us
trumps saber-rattling is part of a
strategy to undermine Russia and Iran in
the region this has nothing to do with
the alleged use of chemical weapons this
has everything to do with a geopolitical
agenda that wants to put the Iranians in
a box wants to confront the Russians in
Syria that is really upset over the
thought that the effort for that's been
going on for seven years by Western
powers and our local friends like like
Saudi Arabia has failed and that the
Assad government will remain in power
they've been seeking a pretext to try to
change that so this really has nothing
to do with the truth or falsehood of the
allegations about Duma a military
aircraft has crashed in Algeria killing
257 people according to the country's
defence ministry these are pictures from
the scene the aleutian 76 plane came
down shortly after takeoff from an
airbase around 30 kilometers from the
country's capital the aircraft had been
carrying Algerian military personnel and
members of their families a media
company started by a Palestinian
journalist killed last week while
covering protests at the Israel Gaza
border has received a grant from the US
government
