if you've been following the US media
for the last two years or so you'll be
left in little doubt about who's to
blame for deep political divisions in
the country Trump's victory has divided
America Trump is part trying to play on
fears and divide us up the era of Donald
Trump's divide and conquer agenda
this man lives to divide our country
he's further dividing us and I'm really
concerned about whether this could spill
over into the streets however a new
study argues that the deep political
division has actually existed for quite
some time researchers at Michigan State
University have studied a number of
bills in the US Congress that were
co-sponsored by members from both
parties and found that the division
between the factions has been increasing
since the 1970s and is currently at a
high we discussed the issue with
political scientist horace cooper he
says that the the term political
division has been abused by those who
have been unhappy with a 2016 election
results the idea that America is divided
the way that it is because President
Trump is in office is just simply not
true
what we see instead are a number of
activist groups that are very
disappointed with the election outcome
and just as they were frustrated in the
year 2000 even just as they were
frustrated in 1972 these people on the
left side of the political aisle work
with the media to create the impression
of disarray that group has been around
for more than 50 years the only
difference is now they speak openly
you
