yeah so we're out here on the Capitol
lawn in Washington DC and behind me is a
sort of sea of fake Mark Zuckerberg and
it's really meant to represent the sea
of fake BOTS troll's accounts that has
flooded fake news in the last several
years and is threatening our democracies
and this is up on the same day that Mark
Zuckerberg is going to testify in front
of the Senate for the first time about
the fake news crisis and we have members
around the world who are calling on
Zuckerberg to fix fake news immediately
starting by banning all fake accounts
we are here today because Facebook has
been an ominous force in our lives now
for a while and what's come to light
through the Cambridge analytic a scandal
has made us realize that they have gone
too far they need to be reined in they
kind of have no checks or no balances on
what they do with our information and
it's time to put that to an end that'd
be great if we could talk to Mark
Zuckerberg um we've got a few kind words
we'd like to exchange with him and
hopefully he can see that this is
affecting people you know we mobilized
here today because we're sick and tired
of what Facebook is doing to our privacy
without a care in the world I'm dressed
up a spider-man because spider-man
represents the common man you know the
power that one person can have on a
society and together we want to embody
that power and demonstrate it to the
world you are absurd
you
