Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg
has been testifying at the US Senate on
the data breach scandal that affected
millions of its users artis Samira Khan
has been following the hearing in
Washington right now Zuckerberg is
addressing claims that before the Senate
that Cambridge analytic used the
platform to obtain its users data about
87 million users which was apparently
used to influence the u.s. election what
was unusual about this particular
hearing is that there was one witness
testifying before nearly half of the
Senate there was a lot of chatter up to
the hearing but it looks like it didn't
exactly live up to expectation
Zuckerberg appalled apologized several
times before the hearing and then he
issued an apology while he was giving
his opening statement we didn't take a
broad enough view of our responsibility
and that was a big mistake and it was my
mistake and I'm sorry I started Facebook
I run it and I'm responsible for what
happens here one would expect senators
to a grill Zuckerberg with a number of
tough questions but that didn't happen
were these people the 87 million people
users concentrated in certain states are
you able to figure out where they're
from do you think we need consistent
privacy protections for consumers across
the entire internet ecosystem have you
heard of Total Information Awareness you
know I'm talking about no I do not okay
mr. Zuckerberg what is Facebook doing to
prevent foreign actors from interfering
in US elections as we discussed in my
office yesterday the line between
legitimate political discourse and hate
speech can sometimes be hard to identify
and can you discuss what steps that
Facebook currently takes when making
these evaluations that would you be
comfortable sharing with us the name of
the hotel you stayed in last night no
I think you're genuine I got that sense
in kind of conversing with you you want
to do the right thing you want to enact
reforms
