northern island turkey in the United
States of America to these members to
make statements before to the
representative of France
generally speaking is still in less than
a week on this meeting the council
following a fresh massacre using weapons
in Syria the horrifying and abhorrent
last month to address the meeting today
after day following the illustrator how
the situation has deteriorated it also
says to underscore how serious this
issue is the international community
agreed to
we open the door following a regime send
a dangerous from fear we have in
deprived us it vacuum which is the
Syrian regime has rushed to form and the
atrocities of yesterday that the
American initiative and it more seeks to
reestablish and
which is already only the twin of
responsibility and thus international
community for the engage in this issue
at stake
in favor of the American draft
resolution I think France for his the
United States Thank You mr. president
we have reached a decisive moment as a
Security Council on Saturday the first
haunting images appeared from Duma in
Syria we gathered around this table
yesterday to express our collective
outrage we then collectively agreed that
this council must take steps to
determine exactly what happened in Duma
and to put an end to these barbaric
attacks the United States has put
forward a resolution that accomplishes
these shared goals for weeks we have
been working with every single
delegation on this council to develop a
new attribution mechanism for chemical
weapons attacks in Syria we held open
and transparent negotiations so every
delegation could provide their input and
we went the extra mile for one council
member we adopted paragraph after
paragraph of Russia's proposed
resolution we tried to take every
Russian proposal that did not compromise
the impartiality independence or
professionalism of a new attribution
mechanism after the duma attack we
updated our resolution with common-sense
changes our proposal condemns the attack
it demands unhindered humanitarian
access for the people in duma it calls
on the parties to give maximum
cooperation to the investigation and it
creates the attribution mechanism that
we've worked so hard with each of you to
develop
this resolution is the bare minimum that
the council can do to respond to the
attack the united states did everything
possible to work towards Security
Council unity on this text again we
accepted every recommendation that did
not compromise the impartiality and
independence of the proposed attribution
mechanism I want to say a brief word
about Russia's resolution which is also
before us for a vote our resolutions are
similar but there are important
differences the key point is our
resolution guarantees that any
investigations will truly be independent
Russia's resolution gives Russia itself
the chance to choose the investigators
and then to assess the outcome there is
nothing independent about that the
United States is not asking to choose
the investigators and neither should
Russia the United States is not asking
to review the findings of any
investigation before they are final and
neither should Russia all of us say we
want an independent investigation our
resolution achieves that goal russia's
does not this is not an issue that more
time or more consultations could have
resolved at a certain point you're
either for an independent and impartial
investigation or you're not and now that
the duma attack has happened this is not
a decision that we can delay any longer
the United States calls on all Security
Council members to vote in favor of our
resolution and to abstain or vote
against the Russian draft the Syrian
people are counting on us thank you
in there in the gym without all the
services being paid and we do know what
the price for such an independancy it's
a sensation of anarchy and manipulation
nothing mechanism on its creation today
it's working a very long chain of
actions you have already pointed the
guilty party prior to the investigation
we do not need the investigation you do
not want to hear anything you can just
listen
justify the use of force against coming
up into your adventures we're covering
up for someone wearing a hoodie
in line with the UN Charter you cover up
the fighters and you will have to in
order to find a pretext and many told
you about this yesterday Thank You 2018
in Contra there is against
after inferno extensions
IRA's willtao the results of the voting
is as follows 12 votes in favor two
votes against after knees one abstention
to the negative votes of a permanent
member of the Council members of the
council we wish to make state Dolabella
give the presentative of the united
kingdom thank you very much mr.
president this is a sad day for the
Security Council it's a sad day for the
cause of universal norms and standards
and it's a sad day for the
non-proliferation regime but above all
it is a very sad day for the people of
Duma who now are without the protection
that the international system was set up
to provide for them it is the fourth
time in six days that the council has
discussed chemical weapons yesterday 14
members of the Security Council called
for an investigation several members
called on the p5 to assume their
responsibilities to uphold the universal
prohibition on WMD as a p5 member the UK
is ready to do that was ready to do that
and was joined by France and the US
conversely by vetoing Russia has crossed
a line in the international order and
worse if possible history is repeating
itself one year on from concha kun mr.
president Russia helped create the
original independent investigation that
attributed concha poon to the Syrian
regime and concluded that sarin which
can only be developed by a state actor
have been used but last autumn Russia be
to'd renewal of this mechanism
on not one but three occasions the
reason is clear it is because Russia
would rather cross the WMD line the miss
sanction of its ally Syria instead we
are asked to believe that the Russian
version of this latest attack should be
the one that the Security Council
believes mr. president Russia is not
authorized by the Security Council to
carry out an investigation in Syria
Russia says there were no traces of a
chemical attack no traces were found by
whom I repeat mr. president Russia is
not authorized to carry out an
investigation on behalf of the Security
Council we need an independent
investigative mechanism for that purpose
and now only that sort of mechanism can
have the confidence of the Security
Council and the confidence of the
membership of the UN and the confidence
of the people of Syria sadly mr.
president reports of chemical weapon
attacks in Syria have continued since
the original Russian veto in November
it's become very clear that Russia will
do what it takes to protect Syria
whatever the compelling evidence of the
crimes committed and to shut down
further investigation and discussion of
those crimes and this has come mr.
president at the cost of Russia's own
obligations and credibility as a
permanent member of this council as a
state party to the Chemical Weapons
Convention and as a declared and
supposes a porter of peace in Syria the
Security Council has been unable to act
solely because Russia has abused the
power of veto to protect Syria from
international scrutiny for the use of
chemical weapons against the Syrian
people even today mr. president there
are open source investigations have
located a chlorine cylinder the same
kind that the Jim has found that the
Syrian regime use atop a house in duma
full of dead bodies
clearly died from respiratory problems I
frankly doubt mr. president that in 48
hours
Russia has verified all similar reports
and can conclude that they are all fake
they are not fake mr. president they
need to be looked at and investigated by
a proper independent mechanism such as
this counsel was prepared today to pass
mr. president
Russia's credibility as a member of the
Council is now in question we will not
stand idly by and watch Russia continue
to undermine global norms which have
ensured all our security including
Russia's four decades as a p5 member the
United Kingdom will stand up for
international peace and security it's
our moral duty mr. president it is a
matter of shame that Russia once again
blocked a resolution the Russian
ambassador mentioned that it was not a
question of counting the number of
Russian vetoes I beg to differ
mr. president to quote Lenin quantity
has a quality all of its own Russia's
actions today are a step against the
rules and authority of the Security
Council and the wider United Nations
they are a step against international
peace and security and non-proliferation
and they are a step against humanity
Thank You representative of the United
Kingdom for representative of China
organization of China into the
conclusions
Menem it does not take for consideration
major causes of Security Council members
only prove important matters of the
investigative mechanism
any in light of our long-standing
position on the question of what
chemical weapons in Syria China has
abstained in the voting on the draft
resolution mr. president thank you
severe inhalation of Syria
of the situation in of solutions
to contribute to the unfortunately great
security I think you mr. president
Thank You mr. president the use of
chemical weapons is a serious atrocity
which may amount to crime against
humanity and war crime accountability
for such acts is a requirement under
international law and is central to
achieving sustainable peace in Syria the
draft resolution presented by the United
States addressed the most pressing needs
related to those to the use of chemical
weapons in Syria including the role of
the OPCW and its fact-finding mission
securing humanitarian access and last
but not least creating a new truly
independent and impartial accountability
mechanism we thank the American
delegation for their ongoing leadership
in negotiations we appreciate their
flexibility and full fully understand
ensure rationale behind putting this
text to vote today mr. president
due to the veto of the Russian
Federation Security Council failed today
yet again to establish an accountability
mechanism by this act Russia undermined
ability of the council to fulfill its
primary responsibilities under the UN
Charter to maintain international peace
and security we are disappointed that
for some states political alliances and
calculations proved to be more important
than the necessity to end horrors of
civilian population and an acceptable
loss of human lives in Syria mr.
president
Poland supports the commission of
inquiry on Syria international impartial
and independent mechanism to investigate
- investigate international crimes in
Syria partnership against impunity and
other instruments that may facilitate
bringing to justice we will join two
of the agreement under the United
Nations thank you very much of the
Netherlands Thank You mr. president mr.
president in my statement yesterday our
urge discounsel not to stand idly by and
to watch as a spectator
while chemical weapons were being used
in Syria in our opinion this council
should act should condemn should protect
and should hold to account these
elements are all reflected in a draft
resolution put forward by the United
States and that is why the Kingdom of
the Netherlands voted in favor of this
draft resolution we thank the US
delegation for the drafting of the text
we appreciate earlier rounds of
negotiations and the flexibility
displayed on occasions of yesterday's
late-night round with others we are
extremely disappointed that an attempt
to set up an effective mechanism of
attribution on the use of chemical
weapons has failed once again today we
witnessed the 12th Russian veto on Syria
overall including six pertaining to
chemical weapons as I said yesterday if
you claim that the chemical weapons
attack in Syria is a fabrication do not
veto this resolution by vetoing this
resolution the Russian Federation
assumes a heavy responsibility a
responsibility for continued impunity
for the horrible use of chemical weapons
in Syria because of this permanent
member this council is not even able to
condemn the use of chemical weapons
attacks last weekend in Duma
an attack where the white Hellmann's
once again demonstrated the
unwavering commitment to their
life-saving work in the most difficult
circumstances mr. president as to the
draft resolution proposed by the Russian
Federation the kingdom of bananas will
vote against this draft fell short in
every possible way
it seems that Russian Federation is not
able to support an independent impartial
investigative mechanism it seems it can
only accept the mechanism in which
itself can decide when where and how and
by whom the investigation will be
conducted leaving the mandate to
attribute to this council subject to its
veto
mr. president this cannot be the end of
this the Security Council cannot remain
passive in the face of these atrocities
committed in Syria we must continue to
work for an effective mechanism inside
and outside of this council mr.
president
it's better to identify those
responsible for the use of chemical
weapons in the context of the conflict
in Syria all that is needed for that is
to vote for our draft resolution will
call upon members of the Security
Council to do just that Thank You Larry
one seven five involves submitted by the
Russian Federation in favor of
containment 2018 175 raise the hand
in Contra though is against obtain fewer
abstentions the result of the voting is
as follows after war see six votes in
favor see seven us against two
abstentions resolution has not been
adopted the negative of a permanent
member of the council having failed to
obtain the required number of votes
Vario de la palabra Alou I now give the
floor to those members of the council
who wish to make steel after the vote de
la palabra I give the floor of the
United Kingdom thank you very much mr.
president as I've taken the floor once
today I will be brief in respect of Karl
Marx I think he must be turning in his
grave to see what the country that was
founded on many of his precepts is doing
in the name of supporting Syria by
condoning the use of CW on Syrian
territory mr. president we voted against
for a number of reasons the Russian text
is a distraction it had lain dormant
around the council for weeks there was
no attempt to meet other council members
concerns in the drafting of it unlike
the u.s. text which mr. president had
adapted its original preferences
precisely in order to try and meet those
of the Wrestling Federation and others
and the Russian text does nothing
to bring a political process any closer
specifically mr. president it moves the
parameters on access and it imparts a
quasi-judicial standard beyond
reasonable doubt this is inappropriate
mr. president for the type of
investigation the council wishes to
establish if the Russians wanted a
criminal investigation they can always
suggest that we refer the matter to the
ICC furthermore mr. president there is
selectively quoting of the CWC to
undermine the joint investigative
mechanism and there is selective
approach to opcw's parameters but above
all mr. president
the text is unacceptable because it
seeks to assert that sovereign states
are above international law and
international norms this is breathtaking
both in its arrogance and it's ignorance
and for that reason alone if not the
others mr. president we could not
support it thank you
I require a but I thank the
representative of the United Kingdom for
his statement and I now give the floor
to the representative of the United
States Thank You mr. president
yesterday I said that history will
record this moment when we either lived
up to our responsibilities as a Security
Council or showed our complete failure
to protect the Syrian people today we
have our answer the votes have been cast
the record will show that today some
countries decided to stand up for truth
accountability and justice for the
Syrian people
most countries saw the horror that took
place in Duma last weekend at the hands
of the Assad regime and realized that
today was a time for action month after
month the Assad regime with full support
of Russia and Iran has strung along this
council they ignored our calls for a
ceasefire they are ignored our calls for
political dialogues they ignored our
call
for deliveries of humanitarian aid they
ignored our calls to stop using chemical
weapons weapons that are universally
banned for more and then last weekend
the Assad regime forced a moment of
reckoning on all of us by gassing people
of Duma the United States and the
countries that joined us today could not
allow this attack to go unanswered the
record will not be kind to one permanent
member of this council unfortunately
Russia has chosen the Assad regime again
over the unity of this council we have
said it before that Russia will stop at
nothing to shield the Assad regime and
here is our answer
Russia has trashed the credibility of
the council they are not interested in
unity or compromise
whenever we propose anything meaningful
on Russia Russia vetoes it it's a
travesty
they have now officially vetoed
resolutions that would hold these
barbaric uses of chemical weapons
attacks by Assad six times it did not
need to turn out this way for weeks the
United States has led transparent
good-faith negotiations with all
Security Council members to establish an
attribution mechanism for chemical
weapons in Syria we started from a
simple premise that every council member
would want to know who was responsible
for using these barbaric and illegal
weapons we did everything to accommodate
Russia's views Russia surprised us with
a proposed resolution calling all of us
in to the Security Council and handing
out a draft on the spot after hearing
widespread concerns about their draft
Russia moved ahead anyway
accommodating no one's views we could
have done the same thing but instead we
tried to take as much as we could from
Russia's draft while maintaining an
impartial and independent process we
were negotiating in good faith
many aspects of our resolutions were
similar Russia said investigators should
have safe access to the places where
chemical weapons were used we agree
Russia said they wanted an impartial
independent and professional
investigation we agree Russia said that
the investigators should be recruited on
as wide a geographical basis as possible
we agreed Russia said they wanted
reports on the activities of non-state
actors involving chemical weapons even
though this sounded to us like an
attempt to distract from the Assad
regime we included Russia's request we
even gave our mechanism the name Russia
wanted the United Nations independent
mechanism of investigation there were
really only two key differences between
our draft and Russia's but those
differences speak volumes first Russia
wanted to give themselves the chance to
approve the investigators who were
chosen for the task and second Russia
wanted to have the Security Council
assess the findings of any investigation
before any report was released does any
of that sound independent or impartial
so Russia's proposal wasn't about an
independent and impartial investigation
at all it was all about protecting the
Assad regime this is a sad day the
United the United States takes no
pleasure in seeing Russia exercise its
sixth veto on the issue of chemical
weapons in Syria just last week we hoped
that the one-year anniversary of the
concha kuhn attack might be the start of
a renewed partnership to combat chemical
weapons but these deadly weapons have
been used on Syrian families again and
when the people of duma along with the
rest of the international community
looked to this council to act one
country stood in the way history will
record
history will work we'll record that on
this day Russia chose protecting a
monster over the lives of the Syrian
people
Thank You China Thank You mr. president
China has stated our position our
principal position on the chemical
weapons attack in Syria the resolution
tabled by the Russian Federation on the
establishment of a new investigator
baptism condemns the weapons attack in
Syria cause for the establishment of a
new investigative mechanism to establish
facts and truth these are the positive
elements we can all agree on on top of
that it has proposed improved working
methods visa fee previous investigative
mechanisms and said for concrete steps
to carry out robust on-site
investigation and ensure procedural
impartiality in evidence collection as
search the new investigative mechanism
will be able to function with China and
we are in favor of China that has not
been adopted to express our frustration
but it literally came from tourists in
light of the fact that this vessel has
not very
our principal position on the future of
these I think the representative
statement says the president and I now
give the floor to the representative of
Ethiopia Thank You mr. president is
indeed the regretable that the council
could not adopt a resolution to
establish a mechanism that would
identify those responsible for the use
of chemical weapons
in Syria establishing such a tool would
have sent a quick and unified message of
the resolve of the council not to
tolerate impunity that's how we view the
defeat of both resolutions but we were
not surprised at all we were we voted in
favor for both resolutions consistent
without position in reaffirming the
importance of setting up an independent
impartial and professional investigative
mechanism with a view to ensuring
accountability no doubt such a mechanism
would have addressed the existing
institutional gap in this regard which
continues to be a source of major
weakness in the fight against impunity
both drafts sought the establishment of
such a mechanism for so obviously there
are differences among gases concerning
some aspects of the accountability
mechanism we believe who had come some
distance in bridging those differences
and it would have been a major
achievement both functionally and from
the point of view of enhancing trust
which is so much needed with a view to
addressing challenge the challenge was
not only ensuring non-proliferation but
also advancing the cause of
international security that was why
we're hoping we could achieve consensus
on the matter and unity within the
council frankly speaking we don't enjoy
what we see at the risk of sounding
self-righteous and the challenge we face
makes taking the risk
appropriate we must say we're deeply
disappointed with the situation we're in
it's still important since we have no
option that we all persevere to continue
our dialogue and support the efforts to
ensure unity without which the council
would not be in a position to discharge
its principal responsibility of
maintaining international peace and
security particularly repairing the
damage to the chemical weapons
disarmament and non-proliferation regime
we had expressed yesterday our concern
about the current difficult situation we
face we don't want to repeat that again
but let me state in closing that we look
forward to handling the issue with
respect to the alleged use of chemical
weapons in Douma eastern Damascus with a
greater sense of responsibility that's
how we intend to look at the draft
before us from Russia a draft which in
our view is more or less similar to the
draft informally made available by
Sweden yesterday whenever the council is
ready to handle it
Thank You mr. president for his
statement presentative of Kuwait
responsibilities in a case of a chemical
attack welcome to the show it's we
such crimes are invoked to make sure
that such human tragedies are never
repeated thank you I thank the
representative of Representative Sweden
thank you very much mr. president as
everyone else we deeply regret that
today the council once again was
prevented from establishing a mechanism
for attribution for the purpose of
impartially identifying perpetrators and
organizers of the use of chemical
weapons in Syria I'm sure we'll all
share a sense of very tragic deja vu as
we repeat the scenario this council
faced in November when the renewal of
the Mandate of the joint investigative
mechanism was blocked however and I'm
sorry to repeat this and I'm sorry
apologize to all those who are tired
hear me saying it but we will not give
up efforts to reach agreement on an
attributive mechanism must continue and
we support all serious and genuine
initiatives that aim to achieve this
objective and we stand ready to help
facilitating efforts to find a way
forward accountability for the use of
chemical weapons is crucial as we've
stated before the Syrian people
suffering for more than 7 years of
constant conflict deserve no less from
us they want peace and justice not
further military escalation or impunity
so a collective response to the most
recent alleged chemical weapons attack
in Duma remains urgent and critical the
credibility of this council is at stake
we must now come together to swiftly
condemn the use of chemical weapons in
Syria and express alarm at the alleged
attack in Duma we must support an
immediate and thorough investigation
through the OPCW now we must demand full
free and safe access without any
restrictions or impediments to the
fact-finding mission in its immediate
deployment to Syria establishing the
facts what has taken place in duma
remains an essential first step towards
confirming the alleged use of chemical
weapons and finding the truth and we
need independent impartial attribution
of guilt followed by full accountability
this council must remain ceased and
lived live up to its responsibilities
that is why we circulated yesterday a
draft text aimed at finding common
ground we stand ready to work tirelessly
to find agreement on a robust swift and
immediate response we need to come back
together again after the failure that
we've just witnessed thank you very much
mr. president mr. president our position
remains unchanged and consistent due to
well-known historical reasons Kazakhstan
has always taken and firm and resolute
stand uncompromising ly condemning any
use of web
of mass destruction including chemical
weapons we do so as it is the most
heinous action and unacceptable work
crime
we have also supported attaching
paramount importance to the creation of
a new investigative mechanism this has
been strongly reiterated pressing for
its urgency the impunity of chemical
crimes is not acceptable it gives a
wrong signal to those who used continue
to use or intend to use such as an
extremely high nose weapon however in
order to punish anyone we must be in a
most complete and irrefutable way to be
able to prove the guilt in this regard
the creation of a truly full-fledged
impartial and independent investigative
tool is of the utmost necessity for all
we work in earnest with the US and
Russian Federation delegations we must
recognize that the use of chemical
weapons in Syria continues with the
persistent threats of chemical terrorism
that present as a grave reality in
addition many allegation on the use of
chemical agents in Syria are still
undisclosed undisclosed based on the
above-mentioned circumstances and
understanding they need to preserve this
mechanism we had supported both draft
resolutions that way to create new
investigative mechanism we urge that we
all work together for the international
peace thank you thank you very much
president mr. feuless we afternoon
session is a very interesting
perspective
from repeated reference to lenin - what
we are witnessing before is morally
superior to everyone else
empires believe themselves to be
exceptional empires believe themselves
to be above the law and in this cases
what we've seen today on the battlefield
there in the syria and the counsel to
pursue unity until we can find fate of
the Charter whether all of us are
prepared to abide one of the
responsibilities in that of refraining
from taking unilateral actions and I
hope that that particular principle will
also be helped thank you very much I
thank the representative of Bolivia for
his statements as the president is now
ready to proceed to the vote on the
draft resolution contained in document s
slash 2018 three-to-two submitted by the
Russian Federation I now give the floor
to those members of the council who wish
to make statements before the vote
representative of the Russian Federation
mr. president
we exist as a lean
they are currently not anyone saying
that we Kim chemical attack is not
confirmed using the organization on the
prohibition of chemical weapons review
the couple confirmed our edginess to
facilitate its work on the ground to
immediately send such a mission in a way
which was fairly constructive it was by
the United States and their new
they are in principle necessary for them
this was very timely support for them
from the US and other Western countries
without delay meets this site in order
to carry out investigative work in line
with its CWC standards the the safety
access guarantees provide the Syrian
military in 15 days time the Secretary
General would would submit at first its
first report to the Security Council
this is strictly practical
confrontational and depoliticized
initiative in support of the
determination by specialists
this is the resolution on both
resolutions both ours and the reason are
through and through what's behind there
is dirty political games military plans
positive trend in settlement and hit
very the regime which is already
lacerated by military adventurism
we are witnessing literally in real-time
we ask you that you put this resolution
to a vote thank you
there echo I thank the representative of
the Russian Federation in Sweden thank
you very much mr. president we want
swift and resolute action today we want
this council to shoulder its collective
responsibility but I'm not sure that we
have exhausted all venues to get us
there and I'm not sure that the voting
now on this new Russian draft will get
us there either so to us we're at a very
fragile face on council deliberations
right now
and we need to reflect carefully on the
way forward to ensure that we don't jump
into further paralysis with consequences
difficult to defend or repair
so therefore mr. president I will
currently ask you to suspend the meeting
right here and now and for us to move
into consultations so that we can all
carefully and collectively reflect on
the next step thank you we're not
against doing that new consultations we
expect on the consultation soon and will
not drag out the bull go for a long time
to pass this resolution issue in support
of this coefficient in order to
determine what the facts on the ground
are as quickly as possible thank you
LaRocco and i thank the representative
of the russian federation and if there
is no protection i will support the
meeting and we continue following
consultations the meetings done
suspended
say renewal a session numero Ocho mildo
siento Rinty Ocho del consejo si Oread
so Metairie habitacion el proyecto
resolution que figurine l-dopa bento si
Aldo mill DAC Ocho diagonal tray meteos
presentado por la ferry's yonder Russa
ENS Tina Fey or del proyecto resolution
que figure en el documento s a diagonal
DeMille Dec Ocho neuronal tray venti dos
servants a levanta la mano
in Contra absence Ernest
el resultado de la votación es el CNT a
favor Cinco in Contra Quatro abstention
SC's el proyecto resolution nacio Bravo
for no Arab tenido el numero vato
requried o da da la palabra hora a los
miembros del consejo que dicen formular
declaración si puede la votación de la
palabra a la representante El Reno need
oh thank you very much mr. president
I will be brief in the consultation room
just now you and Sweden made valiant
attempts at a compromise we all
appreciate what is at stake and thank
you for your and Sweden's efforts but
fundamentally mr. president the United
Kingdom can't vote for the Russian text
because it does not establish an
investigation into who was responsible
for the attack it's only welcomes the
fact-finding mission which is already on
its way I repeat what I said in
consultations mr. president the
fact-finding mission determines whether
chemical weapons were used and if they
were which chemical weapons were used it
does not and cannot establish who was
responsible for their use and thus start
the first step on the path to
attribution and accountability for that
reason mr. president we are not able to
support the text it would be like
watching the fire and identifying that
there's a fire and doing nothing to put
it out mr. president the Russians
invited us to return to the issues of an
investigative mechanism on a separate
occasion I'm afraid mr. president the
answer to that is the 17th of November
2017 when Russia vetoed a
I am that his hat itself had decided to
set up so for all those reasons mr.
president all it would have taken is a
written decision for an investigation
set up by this council Russia couldn't
make that small step and therefore we
have not been able to support the
resolution I much regret that mr.
president but the answer was in Russia's
hands thank you escuela representante El
Reno neo poor fook-la Rossi on alera la
palabra el representante chena - Marty
chief a solution for insulting me some
oxygen bottle in silico with a co2 one
true to Mont with all the power is in
doubt you should have to your
granddaughter she's in Georgia from 2004
Syria kata Georgia charming citizenship
velocity geology ha - ACH here Syria -
Marty she fashioned
the chance reinforce again single
question
Charlie Chancellor she had done the far
from the house again when young citizen
for City Georgia your cheetahmen Chiba
tell her to ensure inch even through
these are for ananda gandha Lita drama
jessie44 these are three solids Antonia
share a squall representante chena por
su accleration
ido a la palabra representante
dissuasion
thank you very much mr. president
we deeply regret that we've ended up
here after a long day and I think by
some of us serious efforts to move
forward we abstained on the on the
Russian draft just now because it wasn't
clear on the attribution and
accountability track which we believe is
important we called for consultations
just now because we felt that there was
provided there is political will there
was still an opportunity for us today to
come together and shoulder our
responsibility we put forward a draft to
all members which we felt was credible
assertive which was intended to support
the opcw's fact-finding mission but also
which was very clear in its
determination to establish a impartial
independent and professional
investigative mechanism and we had
suggested for the sector general to help
us to recommend the best way forward
there and to give us ten days or to give
him ten days to come back to the council
and I think that would have been a much
better way forward than where we are
right now so I'm very disappointed that
we have not been able to move forward on
this I thank all those of you who were
ready to engage and I just hope that we
do not consider this the end when it
comes to assuring that there is that the
facts are established and that there is
a
a true accountability and no more
impunity for the horrendous use of
chemical weapons in Syria and elsewhere
thank you very much Larry cool el
representante swiss yeah pull sweet let
assume you real Apple Errol
representante in equatorial
muchas gracias Senor Presidente una vez
mas express our laughs astray Chien de
nuestra delegation
negativo z-- de esta tarde no substance
resolution primero porque st. Rita
solamente OE Segundo porchetta fo fo no
satisfy cen relation Allah sutras su
Vienna santaros a las que hemos vote
affirmative amend a Ramos de verdad
federal C or a representante DeFazio lo
que no reiki a la propuesta que podamos
despues de esta mañana y como si su j en
la sala 20 las consulta poder x a seguir
examine ando analyze on des a propuestas
via para que hacer possibly see ma Jana
Primo's centaur knows otra vez para
votar para votar a resolution una vez
que sería perrito introduced ear la
senda simpler llegar a un consensus
obray este proyecto presentado muchas
gracias por lo Nia
pelant voted against the draft
resolution presented by Russia we
believed that draft resolution submitted
originally by Sweden was an honest
attempt to make this council able to
respond promptly to a horrific act of
violence that happened in Eastern go
down Saturday to that goal Security
Council needs to re-establish a
professional
truly independent and impartial
accountability mechanism draft
resolution proposed by the Russian
Federation is missing this important
provision
this is why we had to vote against this
resolution Thank You mr. president
Lila gracias al represent a Polonia por
su a Clara Seon yo la palabra a la
representante Estados Unidos Thank You
mr. president and to members of the
council for what's been another
frustrating day you know my parents
always said you should always see the
good in everyone and you should always
see the good in everything so I've been
trying to figure out what the good is
with Russia I think that they are very
good at being consistent and I think
they're very good at playing games and
we saw that when we took up the joint
investigative mechanism they loved the
joint investigative mechanism until we
found a side guilty and then they
decided they didn't want it and then we
passed a ceasefire and they loved the
idea of the ceasefire until Assad had a
problem with it and then they violated
it and then today they vetoed for the
sixth time a resolution condemning Assad
for chemical weapons attacks on his own
people so no matter what we do Russia
will be consistent they'll continue to
play the games and once again they're
putting forward yet another surprise
resolution the first time any of us saw
it was today at 11 a.m. they held no
negotiations they took no input and when
Sweden asked that the council be allowed
to discuss the resolution they allowed
it but they didn't want any changes to
it so there's a reason Russia didn't
want to discuss their resolution because
it doesn't accomplish anything the draft
resolution mainly asked for the
organization of the prohibition of
chemical weapons to send a fact-finding
mission to Duma
but the fact-finding mission is already
traveling to do much they already have a
mandate to investigate and collect
samples but what makes it worse is
Russia includes several present
provisions in its resolution
they're deeply problematic and that yet
again seek to compromise the the
credibility of the international
investigation
the resolution puts Russia and the Assad
regime itself in the driver's seat for
making arrangements for the fact-finding
mission investigators we're just
supposed to trust that the same
government who says everything about the
duma attack was fake will work in good
faith
with the OPCW this draft also tries to
micromanage how the FSM should carry out
its investigation dictating where the
investigators should go like we've
always said for an investigation to be
credible and independent the
investigators must choose where they
think they should go this council least
of all Russia should not be calling the
shots for these reasons the United
States voted no on this resolution thank
you Lara video Pia thank you with the
president mr. president we voted in
favor because we saw value in its
adoption since it offered we thought
possibility for the protection of the
OPCW fact-finding mission frankly we
tried to find in the text some witnesses
we could not it's a matter of fact
uncomplicated draft we cannot find
reason not supported no doubt it would
not have made possible for us to achieve
attribution but the very fact of finding
whether chemical weapon have been in
fact being used would have been a great
achievement
of course the Russian argument the
Russian position until now that there
has not been the use of chemical weapons
in tumour finding the facts surrounding
that that assertion that position would
have been a great achievement we are not
in a position to take advantage or the
guarantee offered and also the strong
support of the council in this regard we
thought the fact-finding mission needed
the support Thank You mr. president
the right word represented opieop or
sweet la razón de la palabra
i represent until a pharisee on the
rusia experience that ships with ships
show some video in 88 the resolute set
Selenia what consumers control algorithm
units it was while she by shape a senior
assertion and even the resolution
authority and bully for kids keep homes
tutorial Shiraz nursery school in
easiest miss do you have the truth nini
Pinet Masuka kick stroke addiction is a
resolute see Nicky here Abner Azul
Nachiketa HD covers most which dollar
posterior cutaneous canals to minimally
bring it resistor is elusive but a most
another wall skate poster for the most
at RCC a resolution the level of opinion
Bogardus to me was in Karachi we go
stomach reserved we're playing playing
games
he's now nearing the top which is nice
to which cruiser we watch receive of
Rosa Rosa khutor wishes Katara we see
chests praise no CT but National City
does - you should reach an abyss
Popovich but a most emotional state an
apology watching watching his role
featuring so bougie here insurance
procedures it sure as possible with
their riches I kept one of keturah was
most of inertia which partially toss to
many preeminent resolute so great at all
stocks as a linear national Americans
can partner McCallum Nick Aquarian
Alaska doing any tributes loser but
Roman Agora Lee Miceli a metal stud
resolution developer in the Hellenistic
nimisha
force not a new fact of nine years
correlated the Serie
Adams murdered Daniel Satyam stoah
Reggie Oprah moment that was tonight
fact that the Torah brothers click
yeah should tell some even try ciske
Miami he provides serious public account
data Missy
but Jeff's cotton smoothness the bottom
is Peachtree speech with his apostasy
journalist renuka a needlenose Ratna
prospered toaster costanera demons dunes
in rashidun state Anisha
assisted by a school if you kill
memorization women
lyric or representante laughs Edison the
rules here for suet lettuce on a la
palabra
I represent a quite shukran say the rice
will be Diana with the Nishka suede
allergy hoody her Omaha a la tierra
Terry which had another motive II who
was ill he laughs at painadu lava from
Angeles when I shall be hey but Emily
atoms apart and medalist minute or so a
letter off of Fahad L Madoff l homme
Anelka Sam FEMA rock of image dismiss
telethon man SF look at them Toronto
sweet Rahman a Johanna shrew yet I'm
attacked a tree how does it do mama de
una LA when jihad Dahlia who stepped
alone hi-de-ho bc w luck and allamanda
birth the basilica at abia FFM today a
little OPCW set had a particular one for
several minutes away hobby Dalek Vitaly
nada Leonora uber Iran blemish a la
leyenda mono reader who say the race who
are Jay her ally Italian stuff al Qaeda
Mahan here to Hochberg Phil hadith her
what her head did LG her and let me
start them at either fabrics Dalek let
his staff de Matt and Leslie her elke
Mario Batali
how do you Thiele modulus Mohammed more
techie be had he a jury more friendly I
come al carro al fain
oh my oath montage Cochran Citrix the
record representante quite poor sua
Clara's own yoy la palabra represent a
Kazakhstan
mr. president I thank everybody all
today is very difficult and
unfortunately not a productive date but
we voted for the Russian Federation
resolution to send a OPCW fact-finding
mission at the earliest because
yesterday we put a very simple question
that we need to know what happened on
the ground yesterday we also were very
clear saying that they were they were
different conflicting reports about
number of casualties and even about the
fact itself that the chemical attack
took place and we requested yesterday
and support the proposal that it would
be very important for the fact-finding
mission to go to the Duma and to
establish facts on the ground we're not
talking right now about who did it but
we are talking about the fact itself and
we needed to understand what was there
whether it was happening there and the
fact-finding mission was very important
for us to all the delegations who are
not present there to understand the
objective reality on the place even if
the information about what kind of
substance was used I think was very
helpful for us to understand who was the
perpetrators or at least to establish
the fact that this chemical attack took
place so with this kind of understanding
we very much supportive of the OPCW
experts to be dispatched on the ground
and give us an information
based on which we can have an objective
opinion about the situation we're not
taking any sides here and yesterday
again we were very clear about that we
would like to receive full objective
transparent and unbiased information
about the fact which we are talking
about here so we would we're glad that
obvi CW is sending the group to Duma
irrespective of whether we we're
resulted of today on taking on adopting
this resolution so we are hopeful that
we can at least get this preliminary
information about the situation in Duma
so I just would like to once again to
say that we here in the council should
be objective we should base our
decisions on the simple facts which
could be presented to us by the
independent organizations which are to
determine whether there was a chemical
attack or not
I thank lyrical representante Kazakhstan
por su declaration IDO a la palabra a
representante Francia
monsieur le président a Paramecium veto
a resolution on destiny a permit the
first tooth la lumière surely the exact
same alarm Simic accomplices show
vanilla weekend na Larissa PAX East
sushi Jay nas in DubLi strategy
distraction at the direction the cell
objective detects a local movin on
retain a belly Bernardo briella pissed
in a sacado context teleport on to not
get atom adult para la congestión pollen
traditionalism shamekh is a pod velocity
will diminish vita Dumas a little
responsible Allah dish I didn't see
Oh Jared Koons I want you contesting ET
pal I would tell this on sir
so young classic in new knockers Audrey
it's a good pair sister a few Zilla will
see Sita mekinese real more a deep-ando
in a partial key please atrabilious
consulate a blue on facial impunity
say Taylor has on dead for the gym a
declaration of the gym me on plastic
luggage model you see is a vr+ and we t
do dis us on CL other little turd is a
taxi me he said yes confetti for Rogers
new sitcom from Politico has shown a 50
spots yellow Porsche is Nick anaconda
from a llamar de la reponse urgent
because you can say the red Abbate
say postal ocular consulate account was
the project is he pasta la cosa Buena
plated of tea
Jairaj readathons nippon you are
Ofuro popular response up desire she mix
what even if he is sanction aid many a
dependent in a partial the soldiers from
the next reality a new know best from
palpable Cheryl mess record represent a
Francia poor fook-la resumed Alera la
palabra attribute not divisive ah thank
you very much mr. president
we abstained on this resolution because
we had serious hesitations about the
text as it differs in some crucial
aspects of the Swedish text of yesterday
first of all the text makes in
sufficiently clear that the fact-finding
musician already has the mandate for
on-site visits and states have to comply
with it they do not need this council
authority authorization secondly the
Texas unduly restrictive op3 is not a
correct reflection of the decision of
the Director General nor of its his
existing mandate and the necessity of
on-site investigations up to the team to
decide third point the effect final
mission should be able to perform its
mandate in complete independence and
fourth we do not want a precedent that
the Security Council authorization
needed for a fact-finding mission to do
its work in case of chemical weapons
attacks we convinced these were issues
we could have solved if this resolution
had been for proper consultations we
received it this morning and we regret
that these concerns could not be put
taken on board
my last point one colleague said the
litmus test of this evening of today
wasn't the fault of this resolution I
disagree the litmus test of today's
meeting was defeated by one permanent
member on the establishment of an
effective attribution mechanism
thank you very much missing president
the red code represent devices back home
pursue a clear assume you lap elaborate
representantes Daily Star lorry Nacional
de Bolivia
I'm just ready Senor Presidente ser muy
ready Olivia votado afford esta
resolution poor barrier rezones una de
SS por que algunos se tiene conocimiento
de la natural essa de los nachos Casey
and anuncio más altas autoridades de
nuestro organization an Senya lado que
las Naciones Unidas no esta en una
posición
david e verificar los Deportes sobre
esto SE chose yes por eso que siempre
Cindy bleh llegar al fondo
otra vez una investigación Independiente
impartial muchos de Sol reportes vienen
de Bohun a hazy sabemos quiénes finance
IANA esta sonyae's tone says permit a
knows do Guara cerca de sac want a
analyze on dopa la rapport parada el
proyecto de resolution plant EO poor
DeRosa no encontramos ninguna razón
desde la perspectiva del honesty de
intellectual desde la perspectiva del
compromiso como el pueblo CBO de la
perspectiva del del h Internacional para
ponerse is a resolution the choice to--
lo que NOS preocupes lo que esta pan if
acondo más allá del estructura este
estos edificios en Silesia okay Lenny no
marks the problem is the stain rebel
condos ensue tomba no se lo c seguro que
por ejemplo church in irreversible
ceases terrible cans of tuna porque es
como padres desta estructura de stay
orden mundial que le de autoridades de
consejo para tomar todas las acciones de
uso de la fuerza en caso de alguna minas
a la paz Oh Sabrina Internacional surah
meant au estaría muy contento z-- kc
producto de esto SE chose sin tener una
investigación complete a conclude Entei
algunos de sus miembros you sorry
unilateral meant a laughs where's ax de
todos modos where damos Esperanza que el
consejo de seguridad
assume assume responsibility a etre
desde la unidad puede ayudar identificar
en caso de Sara see a low responsibles
de cualquier attenti low a la paz urea
internacionales
la grecque o el representante Volia por
su declaración formulary ahora una
declaración McCauley ah they represent
el perro lament ahmo's que no hay ahmo's
pedido llegar a un consents Oeste tarde
so un proyecto a resolution respect hola
delicacy Toshio in syria desta camos que
la investigación que seguir acabo sobre
Liuzhou de armas kima cos debe estar
complement ah poor you make an emo
Independiente impartial a professional
que at ravu you responsibly ah days y
por ESO no se Mo's abstain ido en esta
casi own ritter a mole on sec dad de que
este consejo recupera el sentido you
nyet
en este tema tan delica para que pueda
cumplir con las Alta response Aliya es
que tiene yeah Libby are a C L su free
me ento el pueblo Serio por eso
Sega Ramos Explorer Ando opciones en
este importante Tama muchas gracias
Duero a sumir la funtion del Presidente
del consejo recuerdo lo que esta blazing
Ananta Cinco zero siete respecto a less
tension de las interventions
yo yo hora a dar la palabra al
representante de la república era de
Celia shukran say the race author his
remilia in latina he was doing over at
the little car Bhavan man walked
histamine and I know Michelle right at
Hoosier but he sure was Abu never robbed
I mean sanaya in your Hollywood Arrecife
home color who like a Latina original
terminal Cara he Bayonetta him anna liam
who i omen has in linear Lamia the
million t-shirt wanna redo and was Akira
Haruka security in Botticelli a hula
home be an auntie hack Nizam
a DeMille integer adamant each artist
acted on our shaman who artists a
staffer that be the dual algorithm
attack Adele and Ricky estimates
Illinois willfully a bar was tough the
metal biology well kima with Vietnam
while uranium you know thoughtful a rock
well for ancestors the matter unit by
Sharia area in the majority well Teresa
Hodges area of sama Satine what our
society in here
a bottle home be our meat sahajiya well
alcohol am accompanied three and Francia
Lula
Oh Brittany oh man Ezra Delta
Charbonneau efe most a Marathi LG's
really reformed he taught some metaphor
Elena
Saphira Alberta nearly the whole and
Elio Miam has English abdomen and a
little English allegedly lol own like an
RFA UNIX you can feed immobilize ashab
una casa absurd releases shabba-doo ma a
local hell horrid and Aiden octopus
jayandmandy bean burrito knee by Darren
marks were angles well in in Coleman do
kuru Sol and Shakespeare coil phenomenal
young activist el código you shall we
hooker saw de canoas mode and
tell Optimus College the militant
Beretania and Arusha is at Mahalo
the the hub Allah Duma well al
rockefeller maddest Redeemer stock team
at Milwaukee Maui a fedora Amla he
awarded a new laser non solar heat Asda
ha in aru's and mo Judean alert an
edible Adama while multiple Kalama Jeep
Lee motherland tackleberry Tonya had
alkaline FC ha in domestic Bharatiya
janta hoon well at NASA at the origin at
Mackenzie home Raqqa the Dow home
offerings you neither
how are you a habitable affranchi
who Hidayah not ill a macabre Dow and
Mahabharata neo currency we don't an see
mr Elliott 32 mu star kill Jim well but
at the castle Hakka FFM ajeeb had a ton
of food ug zonally and foo see him MA
ladies una hula very him
Alec will he'll Beretania what heart
trouble cetera cometary food is maureen
at a bit the tea mark
well II I had a Saudi libera he actually
had became it meet Molly our doula meet
Millie our doula Yanni actor because
Iman's my zombies of a pettalia mama
meet million dollar profit in Germany in
of the al-harazi did a film on Turkana
Iran
Oh Masseria whatever it
Almonte calculus II heard you blatant
they had a nasty Intifada who Beretania
what Colonel Mahatma Gandhi led marathon
in Jaden happen in the McCarthy omen in
a young activist is a la caja Sharon
bein a Semak 18 theorem Apple bar
sorrowful and miserable had a seizure
Beretania and to help the basil Mahatma
Gandhi the Malayalam Rukiya palette and
the halacha wash Wahid young people
young future alum color wash on mobile I
was already in Alameda sir personal
history and a whole another washer will
a mutiny libecki robbery Tonya waffle
answer Aladeen are happy bill Adama the
service inevitable Adela Clara walkable
italics Afghanistan wobbly Dalek
phylidia Rao helped on the matter
happier men al Qaeda or Taliban were -
was Olin LGBT news for modulation Islam
Rafael Iraq manual Bible here at
Brittany
I'll wash Lolita that I know who led
exam leave them there why are the
directed for yourself whether whoo
laughs allah miyan allah Kalima can feel
harem
they use a yardstick Rob well ehman was
syllable a module en el wash who was AK
America leader for title aunt esteem
that mirror sanity keema we come on our
if America had a lamp or food that me
after sanity alchemy we like in the home
late our own and Drusilla in Finnmark
the hollows analyst al kimy we see the
race am as a million currency Pocket Pal
being aware of swore a literal like in
hula mural war the so RL me admin
Almaden in elizena patella Tomo rattle
currency a few Korea to her fifth member
mleleu soutache meeting bohemian
mezzanine electric Malia fat elephant
I'll rattle currency an elephant's apart
as you swore Masha festival currency
while are we are we have a nikkie limit
mayor most days artificial Helena's said
race rogdon alejandrita left era add a
little Colorado to a lager beer
Bob Bobby lady Allah healthiest Erdem in
mister only Syria chemo if immediate
Duma bitter if Savannah's on a breed
Alfred montage WA jihad was a
little hairy here
well multi-beam fujimori RBS you really
own Ashura
other alpha not montage there are worse
merely mono vomit how elastic alchimia
leers Alfred men birthday papa sulukim
lizard Medina Duman what artfully the
Admiral Kirby had this ethyl ester damn
in his room lastly alchimia
theorem Volvo valor haha from Metallica
beheaded him as I'm an umbrella the
kuhn-tucker alum to convenience he
hadn't measures in the gym Oriole RBS
Sharia is busier it for it taco sill ha
ha finally to a key rehearsal and
eternal kami
what academic a 30 al moosari delays
let the army had he'll Bartha be Amelia
one little - ulema tiara if Orillia be
Murphy delicacy and mockolate
what are the ie not worth conditional
Maria
hallelujah Allah and Tom will birthday
by Amelia Bischoff Athiya why her fear
can be attained
well let him add a delete email Musa
that was not here when the muscle pasa
Alberto Casilla hi Ethel was a lot
bismillah SATA jet Duma Mahara was a
tussle Allah ie McCain in Toledo aus
said in the subtle body Hanuman
fedor-a-matic r2 from pidemo Mishra Karl
and Vikki liya sunnah wa-l hadatha houla
bisoder say - Dean home Mahakala a
Miller had been alarmed is Madeleine men
into her zr it back at the castle haha a
tidy element of the metal SS toxaemia a
llamar if it FEMA is a giraffe Ellen
stirrer damn limo alchimia Sanofi duma
not a home yet verona Beamish area
Karara drear Tawaf appeal let the head
of allah told her to be happy
anomaly in shall yet rare motor motor
area
- rejuvenator is a moose Paco - ie
agenda to him what Teja Matty him CSE
Madrick a man must be a distance F -
Robert McKenna you are affiliated
article moussaka Len hakuna McMullen
metabolic dwell and let it Sifl and fel
a damaged lives in a lowly
the healthy 30 men yesterday minimal
alchimia ESM done by Dan in Surrey
theodicy are finally working
alle haka Cottonelle will attempt a
dilemma Riccio Britannia offer a home
and F shall you McKenna you are the
elite status crushed Iraq war homeland
as Katara the digits Rory him a lettuce
easier Amelia varsity and a purple it
deserves a latte a dirty her and let it
a harlot and manage it lament while
mazda kia will her Afiya
first deraad the courier ammo fabrica
the Tohoku meta Surya st nerd and ulema
you said maybe Emma solder move to her
and Benny who's that below wish I had
that Musa whare dilemma fabrica water
that whether a team of amia name is
Martin Arabia's film academy Tottenham
Jebel Musa and happy with the wrath of
Lily Allen Wilbur attorney dementia a
lousy albedo said race in the manager
uli infusion modulus for scenario new
Chevy Mahalo table Anton Amon and the
mahkumat related elimedia
wish an Iranian regime Alucard schwate
we've been an illusion we're here
whether ammo fabrica unstirred a
magician arabic surah al Khaimah
efficiency Waikoloa sobota zeevala
in the nominated ability with thierry de
la jolla fatwa Jabara a little yog means
Yaran Shahu woman ahora el elyon at the
Iannetta man al Qaeda as Korea and miss
Cora in a surah wadi high asada the
national adrenaline will enter a dilemma
Kiowa short kaha the Kea Patti macabre
Terry a lot oddly well Caleb
well hey Mina wallah kanoun el for
another nash between washy lamb well any
actor in film him to attack on Oahu Elam
well nu FEMA was de Nova Tiburon
Shariati Dalia for meta shadow will be
lady Julia Mendoza personal hotel and
how a missile on sorry
Alistair Alicia hey tterra like a
deep-water bleed
well no sir and the chicken
at Masada Britannia she had her car
littered merely a fractal early data
sorry I didn't the rear attic Tibetan
Cobra he arrived Somalia stated the
measurement and eraklyon as you doin FC
mater on column are Lewis a cucumber
mocha Fazio her heel and Raquel a Spock
Colin Powell in a jealous Fe had her car
welcome to Ana NFC Masuda fee had the
apart modulation baganz Amelie Neville
Mendelsohn Renault jolly sir Colin
Powell via del Cara Lee are you - Rita
moose Angela oh Sh
waha ride was over the bay and Ella
happen and Hammond in touch with his
widow fabricated is it
Amriki the admitted agenda drezel Iraq
al at the most maken physical him
somatic erotic are elmeshad melibea well
dental you assume Allah Allah happy
patent Maria BtoB idea for Allah Munna
has a Shahid are a broker Oneonta winner
who then with a caramel Easter marry
women Canada for today are Odin of
Surakarta Sarah what is room for the
agenda in GCSE Emilio Emilio faqad
Rosales supports es in a floppy beheaded
duel it agitated Milly Dowler missile
Libya rocketry Sharia we had a few talk
to you Allah o dat Irish wedding was I
said in Malley the war lot of hija are
issued ability in the emitter odd we Fe
has an modulus that Ishida could attend
democracy our career while and rigid and
tough road led metal a'dreea
eyelid well enough thea Arabiya
LSF and to set the data were tears to
Murad when her whether the hooli Alaska
fibula dysuria via a locket own Lankan
was 411 a locker benefice addendum local
man Robin amortization young Lucas ela
how our poor Ellen wasalam rally on the
antis are dual diametre do you listen
nerd one eyelid well in 30 CA de
out Latakia a somatic Akuma ta Delia was
Sarah and Aqaba csefel said race in a
nominal fee Surya by the sub-regional
attainment had been a heavy attempt
Adira shouldn't network for that Elena
Noma Nubian L here at what we have YF
enough still walk too shaky route ahead
Bianca Viren Mulder and artifice so Idol
album the hill hadn't medleys yet if a
fever she had a bubbly well Kadeem with
him Raja he had a supporter CS led to
how we at with the head of retinol
Forenza genre mesh little amnesia TJ
alcoholic Emilio my us Ada and yahwah
famous document with academia island
wash aerobic on wash Arobin animal
horror set the canoe here Hakham alma
mater satakam lima Julieta confident i
saw
the charity Dalia Hassan is still Mia
will only w-well offer him a little
Alameda a seminar having s word the
staff miracle dwelleth diameter Latvia
Lata Christopher re doing what a career
in massage
Alisha rubia a truck on a us said La
fiere along the soil environment CSE
Allah me a latte with a deadlock table
Yoma new bill can you need only what the
hockadoo annual freedom Australia well
we are off to Seattle Hyman and has
Korea were CSer after Sadia
with Amundsen race inability is pooja
did a Natasha did earlier yesterday my
last a Hakim iya iya Manta Barry Allen
can attack ie warf warf AE mckernon can
find her to Aikido her sarcomere Allah
Allah Muhammad Hollister alchimia
Lagash we have a patent they are at when
Rajiv ality Tacoma batteries La Batre
phil.kirby with Alec a literary novel
hardway near Edmonton Gaddafi Ossetia in
SOT Lajamanu DeLand charcoal battle
Madhava said o Mary phone and hung curd
we solder materials and Hasan ll veto li
ke abdominal a cannula had a troth a
lager beer
well yes Mahoney Jayden in that area
compared one wamu Navarre attic on what
lilycove work ad become where he become
linear hidden
Gallatin mo s Sicily Herman of Amidala
and Mama a sativa Jimena a hawk Tina the
mobile missile will be mushy be the
store in alwa Tony Phil - Alice I Aditi
Bella dinner dinner what we sought the a
year at one ma'am economist door oh well
NS mahalia had Qadir Encana
also here on the amended we are aware
that we a new career athena mobile web
Olivia show currency the race
present on teyla república our assyria
por su declaración no mas Aurora's in
sceetos in la lista say levanta la
session
