believe that we need to work within the
framework we're also looked at
humanitarian cultural ties both sides
believe that we have very good level of
cooperation
we're also reviewed the nuclear status
of the Korean Peninsula
Russia has reaffirmed its commitment to
efforts to cut tension between North
Korea and the rest of the world
including between North Korea and the US
and again what's been happening on the
ground he is in line with the roadmap
that was voiced by Russia and China last
year according to these blueprints
conditions have to be prepared for the
dialogue and again we need to engage
Asian countries to this dialogue and as
leaders of North Korea and South Korea
said that denuclearization of this
region is critically important but also
looked at other aspects cooperation
first and foremost to our cooperation at
the UN and other organizations and the
Ministry invited us to come to Pyongyang
and we've accepted that invitation
Korean Broadcasting Company Russian
North Korea marking the 70 year
anniversary since the establishment of
diplomatic ties you just mentioned some
of the contacts that have been held
what about the top-level meetings a
visit by the Korean leader to Moscow we
have not discussed that particular issue
both leaders sent letters to each other
and if they have such a need they will
discuss the possibility of a top-level
meeting now you just said that you
discussed the issues around the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
there have been reports that North Korea
is not particular sides with the u.s. it
doesn't believe it's a credible partner
given the situation around Iran now what
I just said is that the real development
are in line with the roadmap that was
proposed by Russia in China last year
and let's say stage by stage gradual and
steady progress towards an ultimate goal
which is settlements on the Korean
Peninsula and Southeast Asia in general
and denuclearization of the Korean
Peninsula has to be part of it and that
was reaffirmed by the North Korean
leader including during the talks in
Beijing so we welcome any efforts and
this direction though we understand this
is a complex issue we need also to
protect your legitimate interests of
North Korea in terms of Dickman
operations and it will require a lot of
guarantees strong guarantees and a lot
of alignment of positions we do not
mention the Iranian nuclear program and
the developments around it but
definitely given the situation around
things
nuclear deal and with around the
guarantees that are provided to North
Korea would have to be a really really
strong that so far it's just the
prospects it will come out in the future
the six-party talks should be the format
the platform to discuss denuclearization
Southeast Asia because it has an impact
on all the countries and all the members
of the six-party talks so I have a
question of the six-party format
recently there was a report that she
invited the u.s. to take part in the
negotiations in the for lateral format
without Japan and Russia what is your
assessment of that there is just a rumor
and it appeared a couple of weeks ago
and on the 5th of April when we had
foreign minister Vaughn II of China here
we asked here our Chinese partners
whether this is true he denied these
rumors he said it was an attempt to
muddy the waters so nothing of that sort
has happened our Chinese partners have
not had any plans like this they
reassured us another question have you
got a reply to your request to see the
place to visit the place where the
poisoning took place in the UK no we did
not get a reply the UN chemical weapons
watchdog in The Hague sense there the
start of the negotiations
our city's ghost over the snow palmists
the Russian representatives went to the
place in Toomer and they did not see any
traces the use of chemical weapons and
the Syrian Axford so denied the use of
chemical weapons but we would like
independent experts to take a look we've
invited the UN a chemical watchdog to
come there we will make sure that this
visit takes place we can no longer
believe of site investigations like the
one in house but took place last year
when a vague report was produced war
statements like highly likely or highly
possible we know the value of behind
these statements and we will not buy
this kind of rhetoric just like we did
last year last year we decline to take a
UN Security resolution based on some
vague conclusions and vague
recommendations but again the UN
chemical watchdog needs to complies with
the Chemical Weapons Convention and they
need to go to that area they need to
take samples they need to test them at a
laboratory we need to make it in a fair
way and we will introduce a draft
resolution of the in Security Council
resolutions
pretty much experiment again Syria is
ready to meet experts and take them to
that place to man has been liberated
from terrorists it's been controlled by
the government's army the Russian police
is Russian militaries are on the ground
and if you need them security guarantees
for for the experts security we will
provide those guarantees if the experts
say they don't want to go there citing
security concerns just speculation and
the continuation of the anti-syrian line
this will be a verdict for them this
will be evidence to their true plans
they will confirm that they're not
looking for the truth this time or in
the screep our case or in the similar
case last year either thank you
