native of the Syrian Arab Republic to
participate in this meeting it is so
decided in accordance with rule 39 of
the council's provisional rules of
procedure I invite the following
briefers to participate in this meeting
mr. Staffan de Mistura the special envoy
of the secretary-general for Syria and
mr. Thomas Mara deputy to the High
Representative for disarmament Affairs
it is so decided is joining via video
teleconference from Geneva the Security
Council will now begin its consideration
of item 2 of the agenda give the floor
to mr. Staffan de Mistura agreed kabuto
neo president thank you very much
president the president this emergency
meeting of the Security Council under
course I'm sorry I'm hearing my own
interpretation here
okay now
could I start again them thank you the
emergency meeting of the Security
Council underscores the gravity of
events in recent days in Syria and there
are severe consequences for civilians
and takes place in a moment of increased
international tensions drawing in
national regional international actors
into dangerous situations of potential
or actual confrontation it is an
important Security Council session mr.
president there is an urgent need for
this council to find a way to address
the situation with unity and purpose how
did we reach this point March so
devastating violence in half of eastern
huhta that resulted in at least 1,700
people killed and injured in opposition
control areas in dozens and dozens
killed and injured in government
controlled areas and ultimately the
evacuation of 130,000 people including
fighters family members and other
civilians but in deulim there was a
fragile ceasefire that held for most of
March and the UN good offices did play
an important role in this regard but
from the 31st of March the UN was not
able anymore to be involved in talks
since at that time the Syrian government
did not consent to our presence though
we have made efforts to propose concrete
ways to address issues that we
understood were coming up in the
continuing context including suggesting
to activate the Astana detainee working
group but this was a suggestion at that
time was not taken up
from second of April the evacuation of
some four thousand fighters family
members and other civilians from Duma to
northern Syria did take place but then
on the 6th of April there was a major
escalation in violence there were
reports of sustained air strikes and
shelling on Duma killing of civilians
destruction of civilian infrastructure
in attacks damaging health facilities
there were also reports of shelling on
Damascus City reportedly killing and
injuring civilians again Jerusalem
requested our involvement in emergency
talks in extremis but there was no
positive response to that when they
conveyed to the other side same message
on the 7th of April at around 8 p.m.
local time reports started emerging of
an alleged chemical weapons attack in
duma pictures immediately circulated on
social media showing what appeared to be
lifeless men women and children NGOs on
the spot on the ground claimed to have
received hundreds of cases of civilians
with symptoms consistent with exposure
to chemical agents the same NGOs claimed
that at least 49 people were killed and
hundreds injured I wish to recall what
the sacred geometry or NGO Charis had
noted and I would like to quote him that
the UN quote is not in a position to
verify these reports but he has also
made very clearly that he cannot ignore
them and I quote that is particularly
alarmed by allegations that chemical
weapons have been used against civilians
population in Duma once again
and further emphasized and I
what that any use of chemical weapons if
confirmed is abhorrent and requires a
thorough investigation I know that a
number of states have strongly alluded
or expressed suspicions that the Syrian
government was responsible for the
alleged chemical attack I note also that
other states as well as the government
of Syria itself have strongly questioned
the credibility of these allegations
depicting the attacks and the
fabrication or and a provocation my
comment one reason more than for a
thorough independent investigation the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons has said that he has
made preliminary analysis of the reports
of the alleged use of chemical weapons
and is in the process of gathering
further information from all available
sources my colleague who is sitting with
you Thomas Markham deputy of the High
Representative for the disarmament
Affairs will further address this matter
but I urge the Security Council in
accordance with this all mandate to
maintain international peace and
security and uphold international law to
for God's sake ensure a mechanism it
found to investigate this allegation and
attribute responsibilities returning to
the narrative of the events at around
midnight of the 7th of April hours after
the alleged chemical weapons attack
Jerusalem informed the UN that they had
reached an agreement with the Russian
Federation and the Syrian government the
Russian Federation Ministry of Defense
stated that agreement encompasses a
ceasefire and Jerusalem fighters laying
down their arms or evacuating duma the
Russian
and Federation also reported that up to
8,000 J Islam fighter and 40,000 of the
old family members were to evacuate as a
brief yo now we understand that
additional evacuations from DOMA are
already underway we have also received
reports and some detainees the ones we
had heard before have begun to be
released from Duma today we do note
reports that the agreement provides for
civilians who decide to stay to remain
under guarantees of the Russian
Federation with the resumption of
services in coordination with a
committee of civilians locally I urged
the Syrian government and the Russian
Federation to ensure protection of those
civilians so that as many civilians as
possible can stay in their homes if they
choose to or leave to a place of their
own choosing or return as per
international law an urge that there
will be or there should be an immediate
refocus for the implementation of
Security Council resolution 24:01 what
we have seen is basically a escalation
before aid escalation mr. president
clearly the dangers of further
escalation arrived from situation beyond
the hooter as well we have received
reports of missiles targeting the Syrian
government to us or t4 base air base
early this morning no state has claimed
responsibility for this reported strike
the United States and France have
explicitly denied any involvement the
Syrian government the Russian Federation
and Iran have suggested that Israel
could have carried out the attack with
the Iranian state media reporting over
those and military personnel being
killed and injured including four
Iranian
military advisors the government of
Israel has not commented the United
Nations is unable to independently
verify or attribute responsibility for
this attack but we urge all parties to
show the utmost restraint and avoid any
further escalation or confrontation we
also concern a dynamics in other areas
of failure Syrians in Daraa northern
rural homes eastern Holloman Hama and
Idlib have all expressed to us their own
fears that they may soon face similar
escalation to what we have seen in
eastern futa verge therefore this
council and the Astana guarantors and
those states involved in the among
efforts to work towards rain stating the
escalation in these areas and elsewhere
in Syria the indications are the
opposite at the moment meanwhile further
to its operation in a frame the Turkish
government has indicated the potential
for further operations in other areas of
northern Syria if PYD and YPG forces are
not removed from those areas military
operations in such areas have the
potential of international tensions and
we therefore urge all parties concerned
to death callate show restraint and find
through dialogue means to implement
24:01 and fully respect serenity and
territorial integrity of Syria
let me also highlight that we have seen
recently and this is particularly tragic
when you look at the efforts of all of
us all of you in the last year seen
recently ISIL launched new operations in
Syria inside Syria in south of Damascus
rural Damascus in remote areas near the
Iraqi border
mr. president let me conclude with some
bottom lines if I may first civilians
are paying a heavy heavy heavy price for
military escalation we are not seeing
this collision we are seeing the country
today our first priority must be protect
civilians from the war from the conflict
from chemical weapons from hunger we
call on all sides to ensure respect for
international humanitarian and human
rights law including humanitarian access
across Syria to all people in need and
we urge once more concrete respect of
resolution 24:01 throughout Syria your
resolution second continued allegations
of use of chemical agents are of
extremely grave concern these
allegations must be independently and
urgently investigated any use of
chemical weapons is absolutely
prohibited and constitutes a very
serious violation of international law
Chemical Weapons Convention Security
Council resolution 2118 preventing
impunity and any further use of chemical
weapons and upholding international law
must be an utmost priority of all
members of this council third I have to
say it very slowly because it's the
first time during my presentation over
four years of my own briefings that I've
reached a point in which I am expressing
a concern about international security
not only regional or national or Syrian
security
mr. president dear members of the
Security Council recent developments
carry more than ever before the dangers
that the seclusion has warned about
recently at the Munich Security
Conference
he spoke of middle list of quote-unquote
different fault lines that are
completely crossing each other and
interconnected of conflicting interest
of both global and regional powers and
forms of escalation that can have
absolutely devastating consequences that
is difficult for us to even imagine the
council cannot allow a situation of
uncontrollable escalation to develop in
Syria on any front instead in must find
unity and address the concrete threat to
international peace and security in
Syria today Thank You mr. president
I'm sorry to have been short but
focusing on one specific concern the
threat to international security related
to what we are seeing now in Syria and
on the danger of repetition of the
alleged chemical weapons attacks next
time I will be able to give you a
briefing about humanitarian issues about
other aspects about the political
process which I know we all are
interested in focus on but today is the
day of security international security
and peace thank you which was very
informative and now give the floor to
mr. Thomas Martin
mr. president distinguished members of
the Security Council thank you again for
the opportunity to speak to you today
the High Representative for disarmament
Affairs mrs. Zuma Nakamatsu
is away on official travel mr. president
it has been less than a week since I
last brief to Council on the issue of
chemical weapons in the Syrian Arab
Republic in the intervening period new
and deeply disturbing allegations of the
use of chemical weapons have come to
light over this past weekend reports
have come in regarding the alleged use
of chemical weapons in Duma in the
Syrian Arab Republic
according to reports that came in
yesterday it is alleged that at least 49
people were killed and hundreds more
were injured in a chemical weapons
attack others more than 500 individual
cases reportedly presented with symptoms
consistent with such an attack the
office for disarmament Affairs has been
in touch with the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons on this
matter
the OPCW which implements the Chemical
Weapons Convention
- which Syria is the state's party is
gathering information about this
incident from all available sources
through its fact-finding mission
following the completion of its
investigation if FFM will report its
findings on this alleged attack to the
States Parties to the convention mr.
president there is sadly little to be
said today that has not already been
said the use of chemical weapons is
unjustifiable those responsible must be
held to account that these views have
been stated before on many occasions
does not lessen the seriousness with
which such allegations are regarded by
the secretary-general nor does it lessen
the truth behind them which is what we
are seeing in Syria cannot go
unchallenged by anyone who values the
decades of effort towards bringing about
the disarmament and non-proliferation of
weapons of mass destruction as the body
charged with the maintenance of in
national peace and security the council
must unite in the face of this
continuing threat the council must
fulfill its responsibilities to do
otherwise or simply to do nothing is to
accept tacitly or otherwise that such a
challenge is insurmountable the use of
chemical weapons cannot become the
status quo nor can we continue to fail
the victims of such weapons just over
one year ago in responding to the attack
on hon shaken the secretary-general
called for those responsible to be held
accountable stating that they can be no
impunity for such horrific acts just
over one week ago speaking on behalf of
the High Representative for disarmament
Affairs I noted that unity in the
Security Council on a dedicated
mechanism for accountability provided
the best foundation for success in this
regard I reiterate that belief here as
well as the readiness of the
secretary-general and of the office for
disarmament Affairs to assist I thank
you for your attention
Dora gracias
I thank mr. Malcolm I now give the floor
to those council members who wish to
make statements I begin by giving the
floor to the representative of the
Russian Federation look at that it was
what you put into that thank you sir sir
if you believe it is a great pleasure
for me to speak about the issue that we
will talk about now and to make a
statement on the side then you are
mistaken
but unfortunately the situation is such
that I will have to stay straight deal
today and it will be incumbent upon you
to listen to what I have to say we are
grateful to mr. de Mistura for his
briefing as well as to mr. Markram the
Russian Federation demanded the call for
this meeting to be held on the agenda
item
threats to international peace and
security
insofar as we are deeply alarmed at the
fact that in a number of capitals of
above all in Washington and those
blindly following it the London in Paris
there was a deliberate policy undertaken
to stoke international tensions the
leadership of the United States of the
United Kingdom and a friends without any
justifications and without considering
the consequences have engaged in a
confrontational policy against Russia
and Syria and they are prompting others
to follow suit a broader arsenal of
methods is being leveraged slander
insults hawkish rhetoric brought
blackmail sanctions and threats to use
force against the sovereign state Russia
is being unpardonably threatened the
tone with which this is being done has
gone beyond the threshold of what is
acceptable even during the Cold War
such boorishness against my country is
something which your predecessors did
not take the Liberty to undertake what
is next we recall a rhetorical question
in which the Russian president put
forward in 2015 from the United Nations
General Assembly to our Western partners
above all the United States concerning
their reckless geopolitical experiments
in the Middle East do you understand now
what you have done and the response at
that time hung in the air but there is a
response no you do not understand
just as you fail to understand what you
are doing now the lack of a clear
strategy on any issue is appalling not
just to us it confounds not only us this
is confounding to the majority of those
seated here but they are I've decided
not to openly put this forward to you
showing you everywhere you go regardless
of what you do everything you touch
chaos is left behind in the brackish
waters of which you try to take out fish
something but only mutant fish are being
taken out I will put another a
rhetorical question before do you
understand the dangerous threshold
towards which you are bringing the world
one of the areas where there's hostility
with that is most stark that is on Syria
the terrorists and extremists supported
by external sponsors are ignoring a
defeat there let us recall that we are
talking about those terrorists and
extremists who you supplied financed and
deployed in the country to a legitimate
government and now it is clear why this
is causing hysteria among those who
invested political and material capital
in these dark forces recently thanks to
the efforts undertaken by Russia in line
with implementation of Security Council
resolutions a large-scale operation has
been undertaken to lift the siege of
eastern Goethe its residents for a
number of years were forced to endure
the mockery and torture of fighters more
than 150,000 civilians were evacuated
from that Damascus suburb a complete of
purely voluntarily with the requisite
security conditions being provided tens
of thousands of them have already been
able to return to the liberated areas
and many were met with their many met
with their relatives there has been no
change in the product composition which
is being shouted about by supporters of
the Syrian opposition has occurred these
are lies with the leaders of armed
groups there were difficult negotiations
that took place as a result many of them
left the areas they had occupied with
full respect for guarantees for their
safety incidentally during these
transportation operations several
attempts were undertaken to stage
terrorist attacks when the militants
attempted
to to put to reach the buses with the
Shaheed belts other prefer to settle
their status with the Syrian authorities
thanks to presidential amnesty they now
will be able to return to civilian life
and subsequently it is possible they may
enter the Syrian security forces we are
talking about implementation of a UN
principle and demobilization disarmament
and reintegration however this is
positive dynamic is not to the liking of
some foreign sponsors through Western
countries were willing to take up any
straw just to maintain a hotbed of
terrorist resistance to striking
distance from the Syrian capital this
for the fighters to continue to
terrorize ordinary civilians to seize
their food and to request from the
international to beg of the
international community that
humanitarian assistance be delivered
incidentally they were not prepared to
share medicine with ordinary civilians
as was shown in the inspection of the
strongholds left behind by the fighters
and as was the case in the past and
eastern Aleppo improvised hospital
facilities in basements were full of
medicines which as a result of sanctions
Western sanctions were not provided to
Damascus and other government controlled
areas also large storage Heights were
found as were the bodies of the corpses
of people who had been subjected to
torture we are stunned at the scale of
the tunnels that were being used by
jihadists and some of them
small trucks were able to freely move
about these these are surprising
underground facilities brought together
the positions of groups who are viewed
by some as moderate and they were linked
to the strongholds of jihad all news on
6 April the new head of Jaysh al-islam
following instructions of sponsors of
derailed evacuation of the 4th of a
party of fighters from the Duma and
resumed the rocket and mortar firing
against the residential areas in
Damascus the firing targeted Messer 86 I
shall rule Abba Romana and Amiata
according to official information 8 died
37 civilians were wounded
unfortunately we fail to see statements
from Western capitals condemning the
shelling of a historical district of
Damascus the following day 7 April the
fighters accused the Syrian authorities
of dropping barrel bombs with toxic
substances at the same time the versions
were being mixed up there was news
either called sarin x chlorine or at
times a mix of toxic stops the toxic
gases based on a well known scheme these
rumors were immediately taken up by
those financed by Western capitals I'm
referring to what - on NGOs and the
white helmets who are mendacious ly
acting under the cloak of of health
professionals and these reports were
also taken up and transferred to media
outlets
it proves us once again to state that
many of these so dubious opposition
structures have a clear list of the
email addresses of representatives of
Security Council members which shows
that some of our colleagues have
recklessly approached with a reckless
approach towards their status are
leaking sensitive information to their
protegees
incidentally also recall the way that
accidentally the white helmet put on the
internet and a video video where which
showed preparation for staging a
so-called victim of an alleged attack
perpetrated by the Syrian army in 2011
the chemical serial began and this
continues to be shown to us with the
calculation for each new episode to be
more resonant than the one prior to it
in Washington London and Paris
immediately conclusions were drawn
pinning blame on the Syrian authorities
or as they call it the regime has nobody
put the question to themselves why does
Damascus need this
there were insults against the Syrian
government however the syrian leadership
however the main burden of
responsibility was pinned on russia and
iran and i think that this is hardly
surprising to anybody at this point now
this has been done based on current
trends immediately without any
investigation being conducted on 8 april
the syrian troops sweeping through al
shimu illumina near duma found a home
made a manufacturing area Jaysh al-islam
to manufacture chemical substances
artisanally a chlorine agents of german
manufacturer and special equipment were
also discovered in istanbul and
opposition journalist assad hamid whose
base put on his twitter page a video
allegedly from the area of the incident
this has probably from the white helmets
an unknown individual is next to a
handmade bomb with a chemical which
allegedly which allegedly struck the
bedroom of a building in duma all of
this is accompanied by comments about
another
attack by the regime against civilians
the stage the nature of this action is
something of which there's no doubt the
trajectory of the alleged trajectory of
the bombs is unnatural this entered this
through fell through a roof and
naturally calmly fell into a bed without
damaging that bed a wooden bed without
damaging the wooden bed clearly was
placed there prior to preparation for
the staging and an interesting there's
an interesting coincidence that the
chemical provocation in Duma on Saturday
7 April occurred immediately after the
US delegation at the Security Council
received instructions to convene for
today Monday 9 April to convene expert
level consultations on their draft
resolution on the mechanism to
investigate incidents with chemical
weapons
the initial text today has far-reaching
changes and revisions in the under these
obscure under these obscure
circumstances of course we need to get
to the bottom of what is taking place
however we need to do so in an honest
objection impartial way without
disregarding the principle of a
presumption of innocence and by no means
prejudging the outcome of the
investigation
despite the provocations Russian
specialists continue their efforts to
resolve the situation in eastern Goethe
in afternoon 8 April Sunday following a
new agreement that was reached the
evacuation of Jewish Charlie slum
fighters resumed following the
liberation of Duma from fighters a
Russian specialists were sent to their a
specialist on radiological chemical and
biological protection to collect
evidence and information they took soil
samples and in which they would show the
lack of nerve agent and chlorine
containing substances and locals were
were were interviewed about the
cessation of
to the fighters not a single local
resident confirmed the chemical attack
having taken place a local about the
hospital of those there were no reports
about symptoms from a toxic substance
such as chlorine other medical
facilities are not located in Douma the
bodies of the dead as a result of
contamination were not found medical
personnel and residents have no
information about their potential
burrial areas are there by the use of
sarin and chlorine is not confirmed
incidentally the representatives of the
Syrian Red Crescent refuted the
statement allegedly made on their behalf
on the delivery of assistance to victims
of toxic gas I call upon those who will
speak against me slandering the regime
to proceed from the premise that there
was no chemical weapons attack Sweden
draft up a draft resolution to
investigate the incident in principle in
order to conduct an investigation OPCW
needs no resolution however we are
willing to consider this resolution
today we propose that what you envisage
in your project and your draft be done
let the OPCW which through the technical
director general the Technical
Secretariat mr. zum duke stated a
willingness to get to the bottom of what
took place let it immediately tomorrow
fly to damascus there the syrian
authorities and russian troops will
provide conditions to travel to the area
of the alleged the incident for them to
familiarize themselves with the
situation incidentally this is what
President Trump and other Western
leaders called upon us to undertake as
for the possibility of a chemical attack
pass a possibility this was repeatedly
warned about by the Syrians as a Russian
Center for the reconciliation of
opposing sides it was stated that in
order to to take film of a chemical
attack and I put this in quotes the
necessary equipment has already been
brought in
we too made the relevant statements of
the Security Council you've heard these
warnings you've heard but deliberately
ignore them insofar as they do not align
with the doctrinal views of those who
sleep with an a/c in elimination of a
legitimate government in another Arabic
cons are abilities not being looked into
as the fact that a significant number of
chemical weapons were discovered
November December 2017 as a Korea and a
love affair in Hama province 21 ton
containers were discovered more than 50
munitions were found which contain toxic
chemicals Intel oddly eaglet province 24
tons of toxic chemicals were discovered
and this is believed to be chlorine atom
eeeh 30 kilometers northeast of Damascus
to 140 160 millimeter caliber munitions
were found plastic Kalen canisters were
found with phosphorus with phosphorus
substances and compounds in the area of
a Cerreta italy province and industrial
complex that was found for the synthesis
of various toxic substances 54 chemical
munitions were found with a 44 chemical
containers were found and these could be
used for the manufacture of toxic
substances from the beginning of this
year alone four instances were reported
of Fighters using toxic chemicals are
from up against positions where
governmental troops are located in suja
and elm ship more than 100 Syrian troops
were hospitalized at 3 March when Rama
enough to
were liberated in eastern Goethe
fighters from government troops
discovered in a tunnel an underground
artisanal manufacturing site to to make
chemical munitions of a handmade nature
and this is far from a full list it
points to the thief the wrongdoings and
abuses by the irreconcilable opposition
however the opcw's experts being sent
there to identify evidence is not
something which we see people eager to
do we demand that OPCW verify all of
those areas access is being purpose can
be provided also information is
surfacing that hadn't come for the camp
American in structures of instructors
trained a number of groups of Fighters
to stage provocations with chemical
weapons used to create a pretext for a
strike it was clear to us that they
attempted to shelter terrorists and the
same time to to punish the regime so
hated by some Western capitals will
sooner or later be undertaken speaking
heads on television screens sought to
repeat last year's last year's chemical
attack against Syria last year strike
this morning there were strikes and
missile strikes against the t4 Air Field
in Homs province
we are deeply troubled by such actions
provocations in Goma echo last year's
incident in Honshu hoon the unifying
moment aspect is the fact that there's a
planned nature of these attacks analysis
of the USS operations prior to and after
the incident in Honshu Kuna in April
2007 shows that Washington ahead of time
prepared for its operation the u.s. an
Porter and Ralston naval destroyers
from four to seven April last year that
is when the toxic substance was used in
Franchione before the strike against the
Sharad airbase were already present in
the Mediterranean waters where they were
engaged in planned operations they did
not enter the ports where an exchange of
munitions could have been taken place by
increasing the number of cruise missiles
inter alia four to five April the poor
turn and destroyed was located a
southeast of Sicily and the Ross naval
destroyer wasn't passage from the rota
naval base in the area southern Morse
south of Sardinia later six April and
expedited a movement of a both naval
destroyer destroyers were reported in
the firing positions self what more
Southwest of Cyprus from there on 7
April they conducted a mass strike
against the Sharad airfield at the same
time the number of a Tomahawk missiles
ever launched 40:59 units
surpassed the overall munitions support
to naval destroys if they had actually
been engaged in the anti-missile defense
operations that had been assigned to
them and for that purpose only 48 units
were necessary there by US naval vessels
even prior to the chemical incident in
hanahuna entered military service as
would strike vipra strike equipment that
is an increase of cruise missiles that
were necessary for the anti-missile
defense and this could attest to prior
planning by Washington of an act a
strike against Damascus the fake news on
Saturday from DOMA are geared entirely
towards drawing attention of society
away from the script all case which was
muddled up by London and wholly
and throwing on Russia completely
unconcerned accusations and with the aim
of polling solidarity to build an
anti-russian
alliance now the English are stepping
away from a transparent investigation
and putting forward specific specific
responses for the questions of poet and
at the same time they are sweeping up
their tracks Security Council meeting 5
April honest cripple case week caution
that an attempt to unjustifiably place
blame on us of having had a hand in the
Solsbury incident was linked to the
Syrian chemical dose yesterday this
issue
saw new interesting developments for the
moment you okay foreign minister Boris
Johnson continues to disclose the things
against Russia and attempt to be witty
and here's the following pearl experts /
British British naval x3 / south of
Cyprus intercepted on a day of script
Paul's poisoning on the day script also
poisoning intercepted reports from
Damascus south suburbs to Moscow and
this is what Times is reporting it
contains the following sentence the
phrase the message has been delivered
the parcel has been delivered and two
individuals successfully left this turns
out to be part of the intelligence
information provided by London to Alice
prior to the expulsion of Russian
diplomats however is it not clear that
there's an irrefutable link here is that
not clear to all Syria Russia Salisbury
I will
I would hinder to the British
intelligence services and I will do so
without charge another powerful course
why not propose that no be choked which
is so like now was received this it was
reached Solsbury directly from syria by
parcel to cover up their tracks this is
complete mockery here
ambassador hey leave every simply say
that the russia will never be a friend
of the united states and i wish to
respond to that friendship is something
which is both reciprocal and voluntary
one cannot force a friendship and we are
not particularly keen to be friends with
you we are not begging to be friends
with you what we want from you is really
nothing it's something that is normal
civilized relations which you arrogantly
refuse disregarding elementary courtesy
basic courtesies and your misguided if
you think that you have friends
so-called friends of yours are only
those who cannot say no to you and this
is the sole criterion for friendship in
your understanding russia has friends
and unlike yourselves we do not have
adversaries we do not view the world
through that prism and yes international
terrorism that is our enemy
however we continue to propose
cooperation this needs to be respectful
and mutual cooperation it needs be
geared towards resolving real not
imagined problems and you should be
equally interested equally as interested
as we are in such cooperation ultimately
as permanent members of the Security
Council we bear our the main
responsibility for the maintenance of
international peace and security based
through the relevant channels will
really convey to the u.s. that armed
force under mendacious protects against
Syria where at the request of the
legitimate government of the country
Russian troops have been deployed
would lead to grave repercussions we
call upon Western politicians to scale
down their hawkish rhetoric to
meaningfully consider possible or
percussions and to cease the reckless
spillover of threats to global security
what a military misadventures of the
West bring up out are well known to us
if we consider the examples we Navabi
Iraq and Libya and nobody has a vested
you the power to act as act as jhand
arms as policemen of the world and at
the same time to act both as
investigators procurator's judges and
executioner's for you return to this
legal fold to comply with the UN Charter
and to jointly tackle problems that
arise rather than attempting at each
step to advance your egotistical
geopolitical game so all of the energy
needs to be focused on support for the
political process in 0-2 which and it is
necessary to constructively pull the
efforts of all influential players
Russia always stands ready to engage in
such cooperation to conclude mr.
president I wish to take this
opportunity to request an open briefing
of the Security Council on the outcomes
of the UN assessment mission in Raqqa
and the situation in the Rockingham we
see the way members of the Commission
attempting to create a smokescreen Iran
this issue which is a result of their
actions in Syria including the operation
to raise Raqqa to the ground through the
bombings no chemical provocations will
detract attention from this from what
you have done Thank You IRA Co I thank
the representative of the Russian
Federation for his statement to the
representative of the Netherlands thank
you very much mr. president let me also
thank special envoy Staffan de Mistura
and deputy High Representative for
disarmament Affairs Thomas Markram for
their briefings mr. president only five
days ago here in this council we mourned
when we commemorated the siRNA
taking Concha Koon a year ago and then
this weekend again the devastating gas
attack was carried out on the city of
Douma killing more than 45 civilians
with more than 500 people suffering the
consequences of this attack this is yet
another in a series of chemical weapons
attacks in Syria
this is unacceptable the kingdom of the
Netherlands is one of nine Security
Council members requesting this
emergency meeting because we all felt
the urgent need to address this horrific
attack mr. president we need to
reinstate the prohibition of the use of
chemical weapons we need to reconfirm
the basic norms of the international
legal order we need to stop the tragedy
of Eastern Goethe and the city of Douma
mr. president we were almost meeting
twice today because one permanent member
of this council seemed not to want to
focus discussion on the issue at hand
the chemical weapons attack in Duma this
begs the question whether it prefers an
international community that stands by
and watches as a spectator as this
Member State covers for the crimes of
its ally the Syrian regime
these include crimes did amount of
serious war crimes but this council
should not stand idly by it is the
highest time for this council to act in
three ways to condemn to protect and to
hold to account my first point mr.
president this council today should
condemn in the strongest possible words
any use of chemical weapons
international law has been trampled upon
silence and impunity are not an option
but a condemnation alone however is not
enough as a president this brings me to
my second point we must deliver on our
responsibility to protect protection of
civilians must remain an absolute
priority we call on the Islamic
guarantors to use their influence to
prevent any further attack they should
ensure the cessation of hostilities and
de-escalation of violence
espera Security Council resolution 24:01
an immediate ceasefire in duma is needed
so that humanitarian and medical aid can
reach the victims of this attack and
humanitarian personnel should be unable
to continue their life-saving work we
owe this to the men women and children
of Douma of syria we owe this to our own
citizens the Kingdom of the Netherlands
furthermore recalls that the majority of
UN member states count on the permanent
members of this council not to use their
veto in case of mass atrocities the
international community should be able
to count upon this council to uphold
international humanitarian law and to
uphold the international prohibition of
the use of chemical weapons and to act
when international law is trampled upon
let me be clear
we support the humanitarian work of the
white helmets they do extremely
important humanitarian work for the
civilians in Syria in dire circumstances
this mr. president brings me to my third
point accountability all members in this
council regularly stressed the need for
accountability for perpetrators who use
chemical weapons yet this council has
not been able to move forward on this
issue for months due to the use of the
veto by one permanent council member
this council has been unable to tackle
this crisis because one permanent member
is direct party to the conflict and has
proven that it will defend the Syrian
regime at all cost
we must intensify our efforts to achieve
a mechanism that can continue the
meticulous work of the gym and
investigate and identify perpetrators
independently from the politics in this
council the gym has identified both the
CM regime and the non-state actor as
responsible for the use of chemical
weapons as I said last week the
discontinuation of the gym mandate
cannot be the end of the story more so
because since the gym ceased to operate
we received reports that the regime is
carried out at least six more chemical
weapons attacks and maybe even more for
those that claim that a chemical weapon
attacks did not take place
they are a fabrication I have a clear
message don't feature the establishment
of an effective impartial and
independent attribution and
accountability mechanism let us not
forget the urine is bigger than this
council alone
we have strong leadership at the top of
the United Nations organization and we
have a powerful General Assembly both
have to consider all instruments to
advance accountability for the use of
chemical weapons the work should build
upon the important work of the OPCW
fact-finding mission and the gym and we
welcome the immediate investigation by
the OPCW fact-finding mission of the
terrible incident in Duma this weekend
the fact-finding mission should be given
full access and cooperation by all
parties and we reiterate our strong
support for first the International
impartial and independent mechanism
secondly the commission of inquiry
thirdly the international partnership
against impunity initiated by France
a43 a referral of the situation in Syria
to the International Criminal Court in
The Hague as the most appropriate path
to accountability and justice in
conclusion mr. president this council
has to act the investigation by the
fact-finding mission of OPCW must be
completed as soon as possible and that
can be no impunity for the use of
chemical weapons to do otherwise is to
effectively condone these appalling
attacks to do otherwise is to fail on
our responsibilities and to although to
do otherwise is to undermine the
international architecture that we
collectively designed to stop such
attacks it is time for this council and
the international community as a whole
to act Thank You mr. president I thank
the statement I now give the floor to
the representative of the United States
Thank You mr. president
thank you mr. de Mistura and Thank You
mr. mark room for your briefings
almost exactly one year ago I stood on
the floor of the Security Council and
held up pictures of dead Syrian children
after that day I prayed that I would
never have to do that again I could
there are many and truly there are many
truly gruesome pictures many of us have
worked hard to ensure that one day we
would not have to see images of babies
gasps gasps to death and Syria but the
day we prayed would never come has come
again chemical weapons have once again
been used on Syrian men women and
children and once again the Security
Council is meeting in response this time
I'm not going to hold up pictures of
victims I could there are many and they
are gruesome worse are the videos
imprinted in our minds that no one
should ever have to see I could hold up
pictures of babies lying dead next to
their mothers brothers and sisters
toddlers and infants still in diapers
all lying together dead their skin is
the ashen blue that is now tragically
familiar from chemical weapon scenes
their eyes are open and lifeless white
foam bubbles from their mouths and noses
pictures of dead Syrians who are not
soldiers people who are not armed people
who are the very definition of innocence
and non-threatening women and children
hiding in basements from a renewed
assault by Bashar al-assad families that
were hiding underground to escape
Assad's conventional bombs and artillery
but the basements that Syrian families
thought would shelter them from
conventional bombs were the worst place
to be when chemical weapons fell from
the sky and Saturday evening the
basements of Duma became their tombs
it's impossible to know for certain
how many have died because of access to
Duma is cut off by Assad's forces but
dozens are dead that we know of and
hundreds are wounded I could hold up
pictures of survivors children with
burning eyes choking for breath I could
hold up pictures of first responders
washing the chemicals off of the victims
putting respirators on the children
first responders walking through room
after room of families lying motionless
with babies still in the arms of their
mothers and fathers
I could show pictures of a hospital
attacked by the chemical weapons I could
show pictures of hospitals struck by
barrel bombs following the chemical
attack ambulances and rescue vehicles
have been repeatedly attacked maximizing
the number of dead civilians civil
defense centers have been attacked in
order to paralyze the Medical Response
to increase the suffering of the
survivors who does this only a monster
does this only a monster targets
civilians and then ensures that there
are no ambulances to transfer the
wounded no hospitals to save their lives
no doctors or medicine to ease their
pain I could hold up pictures of all of
this killing and suffering for the
council to see but what would be the
point
the monster who was responsible for
these attacks has no conscience not even
to be shocked by pictures of dead
children the Russian regime whose hands
are all covered in the blood of Syrian
children cannot be ashamed by pictures
of its victims
we've tried that before we must not
overlook Russia and Iran's roles in
enabling the Assad regime's murderous
destruction Russia and Iran have
military advisers at Assad's airfields
and operation centers Russian officials
are on the ground helping
direct the regimes starve and surrender
campaign and Iranian Allied forces do
much of the dirty work when the Syrian
military pummels civilians they rely on
the military hardware given by Russia
Russia could stop this senseless
slaughter if it wanted but it stands
with the Assad regime and supports
without any hesitation
what's the port what's the point of
trying to shame such people after all no
civilized government would have anything
to do with Assad's murderous regime
pictures of dead children mean little to
governments like Russia who expend their
own resources to prop up Assad and this
council which saw these pictures last
year has failed to act because Russia
has stood in its way every single time
for a year we've allowed Russia to hold
the lives of innocent Syrians hostage to
its alliance with the Assad regime
this allowed Russia to also weaken the
credibility of the United Nations we are
quick to condemn chemical weapons in the
Security Council but then Russia
prevents any action vetoing five
resolutions on this issue alone eleven
vetoes all together to save Assad and
our lives go on as usual the council
created the joint investigative
mechanism it found the Syrian regime
responsible for the attack at khan
shaykhun a year ago because Russia
supported Assad and his actions Russia
killed the mechanism we condemned it and
our lives went on as usual we pushed for
a ceasefire the council unanimously
agreed but it was immediately ignored by
Russia and aside we condemned it and our
lives went on as usual and now here we
are confronted with the consequences of
giving Russia a pass in the name of
unity a unity
Russia has shown many times before they
don't want here we are in a world where
chemical weapons use is becoming
normalized from an Indonesian airport to
an English village to the homes and
hospitals of Syria since the Assad
regime used chemical weapons at Concha
kun one year ago chemical weapons have
been reportedly used dozens of times and
this council does nothing what we are
dealing with today is not about a spat
between the United States and Russia
this is about the inhumane use of
chemical agents on innocent civilians
each and every one of the nations in
this council or on record opposing the
use of chemical weapons there can be no
more rationalizations for our failure to
act we have already introduced and
circulated to the council a resolution
demanding unrestricted humanitarian
access to the people of Duma Assad is
doing all he can to assure maximum
suffering in Duma our priority must be
to help the starving the sick and the
injured that have been left behind we
also call on this council to immediately
re-establish a truly professional and
impartial mechanism for chemical weapons
attacks in Syria including the attack
this weekend we hope our colleagues on
this council will join us as they have
before this is a very minimum we can do
in response to the attack we just
witnessed Russia's obstructionism will
not continue to hold us hostage when we
are confronted with an attack like this
one the United States is determined to
see the monster who dropped chemical
weapons on the Syrian people held to
account you've heard what the president
of the United States has said about this
meetings are ongoing important decisions
are being weighed even as we speak we
are on the edge of a dangerous precipice
the great evil of chemical weapons use
that once unified the world in our
position is on the verge of becoming the
new normal the international community
must not let this happen we are beyond
showing pictures of dead babies we are
beyond appeals to conscience we have
reached the moment when the world must
see justice done history will record
this as the moment when the Security
Council either discharged its duty or
demonstrated its utter and complete
failure to protect the people of Syria
either way the United States will
respond thank you Naraku I thank the
representative of the United States for
her statement I now give the floor to
the representative of France
Monsieur Zidane presidency for having
convened with this emergency Security
Council meeting which France solicited
with eight other member states of this
council I also wish to thank the special
envoy mr. stefan de Mistura and the
deputy to the High Representative for
disarmament Affairs mr. Thomas Marc Marc
Rome for their important and thorough
briefings mr. president there are times
in a life of nations where what is
essential is at stake life or death
peace or war civilization or barbarism
the international order or chaos this is
the case today after the horrific
chemical carnage which once again pushed
the limits of horror on Saturday in Duma
we are aware of the fact that two new
chemical weapons attack particularly
serious ones took place in Duma on 7
April the human toll provisionally but
still horrendous is nearly 50 dead
including a number of children and 1000
wondered this toll is likely to be even
higher some areas remain
accessible for assistance once again
toxic substances have been dropped to
asphyxiate to kill to terrorize
civilians by reaching them in the
basements where they sought refuge
chlorine gas has a specific feature of
being a heavy gas capable of entering
basements for this reason it is used and
mr. president this is the level of the
deadly cynicism that we have reached in
Syria there is no language to describe
the horror of the images which surfaced
on 7 April nearly one year after the
hanshan attack which killed nearly 80 80
people what we see on the thousands of
photos and videos which surfaced in the
course of seven of several hours since
the attacks on 7 April these serve as a
reminder of the images we far too often
saw images of children adults
suffocating due to exposure to
concentrated chlorine gas but what we
also see are people suffering a
significant convulsions these phenomena
of excessive saliva of eyes being burned
these symptoms are symptomatic of
exposure to a potent neurotoxin mixed
with chlorine to heighten the lethal
effect overall as I mentioned more than
1,000 people have been exposed to this
deadly chemical compound the experience
and the successive reports of the joint
investigative mechanism reflects the
fact that there is no doubt as the
perpetrators of this most recent attack
the Syrian army forces and their
agencies alone have the requisite
knowledge to develop such sophisticated
toxic substances substances with such a
high degree of deadliness and only of
the Syrian Armed Forces and the
departments have been in a military
interest in this use this attack took
place in duma in area which has been
subjected to relentless shelling by the
Syrian army a for a number of weeks use
of such weapons alas enables far more a
rapid tactical progress than we've seen
with conventional weapons we are all
aware that the Syrian regime has already
been identified as being responsible for
the use of chlorine and sarin gas as a
chemical weapon and this by the joint UN
OPCW investigative mechanism four times
at least there are no illusions asset to
the sincerity of the declaration
delivered by Syria as to the state of
its chemical stockpiles in 2013
unfortunately once again we have proof
with evidence this dovetails with the
regime's strategy of terror that has
been unleashed against civilians we have
already experienced this before the
world at the worst this is bad faith and
at the worst at the absolute worst
complicity the Damascus regime clearly
scenes by stoking a terror to conquer
other urban areas which it seeks to
control what is more effective to prompt
to those who resist to flees and those
the Middle Ages cease at style seizures
with chemical all threats being posed
let us be clear-eyed these children who
are held hostage are not collateral
victims as is said these are deliberate
targets of these chemical attacks
designed and planned for this purpose to
wage terror and this is state terrorism
which the Damascus regime is engaged in
with a litany of war crimes and crimes
against humanity mr. president
offensive and the shelling a stage by
the regime as well as by its Russian and
Iranian allies over the past 48 hours
reflects the degree to which they have
engaged in a military in a military race
without any consideration of the human
cost this latest escalation of violence
punctuated by new instances of chemical
weapons being used bring us
faced with the destructive madness of a
Machiavellian regime which seeks to
destroys people completely without and
it's Russian and Iranian supporters are
either unable or unwilling to stop it
we are aware the fact and Russian
authorities have confirmed this on a
number of occasions that Russian
military forces have a presence in
eastern Goethe on the ground and in the
air on 7 april as the second chemical
attack took place in duma Russian
aircrafts were also taking part in air
operations in a Damascus region Russian
and Iranian military support is present
on the ground and at all levels of the
Syrian war machinery no Syrian aircraft
takes off without the Russian Ally being
informed these attacks took place either
with a tacit or explicit consent of
Russia or despite its reluctance and
despite its military presence I am
unaware of which of these two abuses is
more alarming when it comes to our
collective security mr. president
the stakes revolving around this recent
attack are extremely grave this is the
latest proof that normalization of
chemical weapons use which is to be
attributable not only to an a regime
that has now become uncontrollable of a
dream a regime that continues to gas
civilians with complete impunity but
also with respect with supporters
including a permanent member of the
Security Council it felt in its
commitment to implement resolution 2118
which it itself co-sponsored and the
responsibility its responsibility in the
endless unending tragedy in Syria of the
warrant series overwhelming so towards
Syria France naturally turns France
naturally turns towards Russia to put
forward two demands the first demand is
a cessation of hostilities in the
establishment of an immediate ceasefire
in Syria in line for solution 2401
adopted 25 February last
to date this resolution has not been
upheld by the Damascus regime we deplore
and lament the fact that it was not
possible to implement this this
resolution which was unanimously adopted
resolution stipulating both the truth
and emergency humanitarian access the
second requirement is the establishment
of a new international investigative
mechanism which will be able to document
all of the factors of the attack in
Douma and compel the perpetrators for
them to be brought to justice
the the disappearance of the joint
investigative mechanism last November
due to two successive Russian vetoes has
stripped us of an essential tool
deterrence for this reason we support
any initiative to bridge this gap to
this end and in the spirit France is
committed to a partnership to combat a
chemical impunity and in the same spirit
we endorse a draft resolution that has
been proposed today by the United States
mr. president with this attack the Assad
regime yet again is testing the
international community's determination
to ensure respect for the prohibition of
chemical weapons use from our part it
needs to be met with the United
categorical and robust response there
must be an understanding and it must
understand that chemical weapons use
against civilians will no longer be
tolerated
those who flout this fundamental rule of
our collective security will have to be
held accountable and assume the
consequences the ash the Assad regime
needs to hear an international response
France stands ready to fully shoulder
its role alongside our partners
ultimately we know that only an
inclusive political solution will bring
an end to seven years of a conflict that
has claimed the life of 500,000 a
conflict that has pushed millions on the
roads of exile France will remain fully
committed alongside the special envoy of
the United States
and in line with the Geneva process
however in the light of this most recent
carnage we can no longer merely repeat
words words which without being followed
up by deed are liable to be hollowed of
all sense and so I wish to reiterate
here as was stressed by president McComb
on a number of occasions that France
will shoulder its full responsibility to
combat a proliferation of chemical
weapons France will be clear France will
honor its commitments and honor our word
thank you narek well I thank the
representative of France for his
statement and I now give the floor to
the representative of the United Kingdom
Thank You mr. president and I thank the
SRS GM mr. Markum for their briefings
and I thank him and through him all the
UN teams on the ground
for the important but incredibly
difficult work that they do as stefan de
Mistura said this is an important
Security Council session my government
shares the outrage that other colleagues
have eloquently described today it is
truly horrific to think of victims
families sheltering under ground when
the chroming found them mr. president
it's the third time in five days that
the council has convened to discuss
chemical weapons this is dreadful in the
true sense of that word this council
should dread what we risk happening that
chemical weapons become a routine part
of fighting as a member of the p5 the UK
believes that we have a particular
responsibility to uphold the worldwide
prohibition of the use of WMD we agree
with the Netherlands ambassador that the
p5 has specific responsibilities mr.
president I believe that four members of
the p5 do believe this but there is one
who does not the Russian ambassador
referred to resurgence of the Cold War
this is not the Cold War mr. president
in the
Cold War there was not this flagrant
disregard for the prohibitions that are
universal on the use of WMD
mr. president the SRS key also referred
to the risks of escalation and to
international peace and security more
broadly we share his fears but it is the
Syrian government and its backers Iran
and Russia who are prolonging the
fighting and risking regional and wider
instability there are real questions mr.
president about what is happening in the
t4 airbase with its foreign fighters and
its mercenaries mr. president we have
been challenged today by our Russian
colleague to say why we believe the
attack was carried out by Syria and why
we believe even that chemical weapons
were used the reasons mr. president are
as follows the joint investigative
mechanism between 2014 and 2017 found
six uses of chemical weapons - it
ascribed to - for the use of mustard gas
three it ascribed to the regime for the
use of chlorine and one further use it
ascribed to the Syrian regime for the
use of sarin and that is the attack that
we talked about in the council just last
week at Concha kun and which led to the
u.s. strike which we support on al
Shehri act in addition as the French
ambassador has said we have had reports
of Russian and Syrian warnings before
the CW attack took place and of a
pattern of helicopters mi-8 hip
helicopters flying overhead and these
are reports that have come from the
ground mr. president I've listened
carefully to the Russian ambassador's
arguments as I've guessed set-out
we as the United Kingdom believed that
the Syrian regime is responsible for
these latest attacks but there is one
way to settle this
mr. president and this is to have an
independent fact-finding mission
followed by an independent investigation
as we all know
the fact-finding missions are there to
determine whether chemical weapons have
been used and if they have been used
what sort of chemical weapons but it is
only an investigation mr. president that
can determine who is responsible for
their use and therefore start the path
to accountability I was very interested
to hear the Russian offer that OPCW
fact-finding mission could visit and
would have the protection of Russian
forces mr. president I believe that this
is an offer worth pursuing but it would
of course be necessary for the OPCW
mission to have complete freedom of
action and freedom of access that still
leaves us mr. president with the
question of who committed these
atrocities and that is why we support
the u.s. text for a resolution and we
believe that there is no legitimate
reason not to support the call for this
council to set up an independent
investigative mechanism as I said before
mr. president we have nothing to hide
but it appears that Russia and Syria and
their support is Iran do have something
to fear mr. president the Russian
ambassador singled out the UK along with
the US and France for some criticism so
I would like if I may to turn to that
the responsibility for the cruelty in
Syria belongs to Syria and its backers
in Russia and Iran use of chemical
weapons is an escalatory and a
diabolical act what Russia is trying to
do it strikes me mr. president is to
turn this the debate in this council
away from a discussion of the use of CW
into a dispute between east and west
presenting itself as the victim it is
far too important mr. president to play
games with the politics between east and
west in respect of chemical weapons
russia's crocodile tears for the people
of eastern goethe has an easy answer it
is to join us in a non-political attempt
to get in humanity
and protection workers from the UN to do
their job of looking after and
mitigating the risk to civilians
Russians concern that attribution for
the use of CW also has an easy answer
mr. president it is to join us in
allowing the UN to set up an
international investigative mechanism to
pursue who is responsible and I repeat
here the two demands of my French
colleague and I hope we will be able to
make progress
mr. president I had not intended to
address the scribbled case in Salisbury
but because my Russian colleague has
done so I will address it today he asked
what were the similarities between
Salisbury and Syria I think it's
important that I point out that the
cases are different in the following
respects there is an fara investigation
underway in Salisbury as we have heard
mr. president there is no investigation
underway in Syria the British government
in Salisbury is seeking to protect its
people as is its duty
the Syrian government on the contrary
mr. president again as we have heard
today attacks and gases it's people what
the to do have in common though and I am
sorry to say is Russia's refusal to
assume p5 responsibilities to prevent
the use of WMD and it's reckless support
for the use of WMD by its agents and by
its allies mr. president it is not as
who want to alienate Russia she
alienates herself by not joining in the
vast majority of this council who want
to find a non polemical way through and
to address the use of CW against
civilians in Syria the Russian
ambassador mentioned Friends of the
United States mr. president my
government and our people are proud to
be a friend of the United States we
stand with everybody on this council who
wants to find a way through the sea
w problem to have a proper fact-finding
mission and to have a proper
investigation as the first step to
bringing this dreadful conflict to a
close Thank You mr. president
no I thank the representative of the
United Kingdom for her statement I now
give the floor to the representative of
the China special envoy de Mistura and
deputy High Representative Makram for
their briefings China has noticed the
reports alleging that chemical weapons
were once again used in Syria and caused
civilian casualties this is a great
concern to China China's position on
chemical weapons has been consistent and
clear we are firmly opposed to the use
of chemical weapons by any state
organization or individual under any
circumstances any use of chemical
weapons whenever and wherever must not
be tolerated
China supports a comprehensive objective
and impartial investigation of the
incident concerned so that it can reach
a conclusion that is based on
substantiated evidence and that can
stand the test of history and the facts
so that the perpetrators and responsible
parties can be brought to justice
mr. president the question of Syrian
chemical weapons is closely linked with
the political settlement of the Syrian
issue China supports the Security
Council and OPCW in continuing to play
an important role as a main channel for
addressing the chemical weapons in Syria
we hope that the part is concerned it
would take a constructive approach
engaging consultations to see it as a
solution find out the truth avoid the
recurrence of use of chemical weapons
maintain the unity of the Security
Council and cooperate with the efforts
by the parties concerned for advancing
the political process in Syria the
Syrian conflict has entered his eighth
year inflicting
suffering on the Syrian people political
settlement is the only way out for the
Syrian issue the international community
must remain committed to the political
settlement of the question of Syria and
the effectively with respect to the
sovereignty independence unity and
territorial integrity of Syria China is
always opposed to the use or threat of
force in international affairs and
always advocate the adherence to the
United Nations Charter all parties
should increase support to the UN as the
main mediator and push the parties in
Syria to seek a political settlement
under the principle of Syrian leadership
and ownership and in accordance with
Security Council resolution 2254
counterterrorism is an important and
urgent issue in the political process
for the settlement of the Syrian issue
the international community needs to
enhance coordination uphold uniform
standards and combat our terrorist
organizations listed by the Security
Council mr. president on the screamo
incident at the recent discussion at the
Security Council China elaborated his
principled position China believes that
the parties concerns should strictly
implement their obligations under the
Chemical Weapons Convention and
according to the relevant rules of the
Convention conduct a comprehensive
objective and impartial investigation
and address the questions concerned
within the framework of the OPCW China
hopes that the parties concerned would
work under the principle of mutual
respect equality and the consultation
engage in consultation and cooperation
avoid politicization on any action that
might exacerbate tension and
appropriately settle their differences
through dialogue Thank You mr. president
I thank the representative of China for
his statement and I now give the floor
to the representative of Sweden mr.
president and thank you to mr. Staffan
de Mistura and Tomas Markram for their
briefings this afternoon and
mr. president for exceeding to our
request for an emergency meeting mr.
president we are dismayed by the general
escalation of violence in Syria as
described today by stefan de Mistura and
in clear violation of various Security
Council resolutions including 2401 and I
want to plea here with the Syrian
authorities here represented and with
the Astana
grantors to live up to this councils
resolutions mr. president we asked for
this meeting today because over the
weekend we were yet again faced with
horrifying allegations of chemical
weapons attacks in Syria this time in
Duma just outside Damascus there are
worrying reports of a large number of
civilian casualties including women and
children the graphic material has been
shared is beyond repugnant we are
learned by these extremely serious
allegations and there must now be an
immediate independent and thorough
investigation mr. president let me
reiterate the sweetness supports all
international efforts to combat the use
and proliferation of chemical weapons by
state or non-state actors anywhere in
the world we unequivocally condemn in
the strongest terms the use of chemical
weapons including in Syria it's a
serious violation of international law
and it does constitute a threat to
international peace and security their
use in armed conflict is always
prohibited and amounts to a war crime
those responsible must be held
accountable we cannot accept impunity
addressing the use of chemical weapons
in Syria has become a central test of
the credibility of this council how we
respond the latest reports from duma is
therefore decisive despite the odds we
must put aside our differences and come
together now is the time to show unity
in our view the following needs to
happen firstly we must condemn in the
strongest terms the continued use of
chemical weapons in syria secondly our
immediate priority must be to
investigate the warring reports from
duma in this context we welcome the
announcement by the OPCW Director
General that that the fact-finding
mission for Syria to which we reiterate
our full support is in the process of
gathering information from all available
sources we express our hope that the
fact-finding mission can be urged
they deployed to Syria thirdly all
states as well as parties to the
conflict including the Syrian
authorities must fully cooperate with
the fact-finding mission what is
particularly needed is safe and
unhindered access to the site in duma as
well as any information and evidence
deemed relevant by the fact-finding
mission to conduct its independent
investigation fourthly we need to
urgently redouble our efforts in the
council to agree on a new independent
and impartial attributive mechanism to
identify those responsible for chemical
weapons use and finally if the
allegations of chemical weapons use are
indeed confirmed and those responsible
are eventually identified the
perpetrators must be held to account
we're ready mr. president were actively
and constructively with other members
for urgent council action to this end we
have circulated elements as input to our
discussions we must immediately engage
in consultations to break the current
deadlock and shoulder our responsibility
under the UN Charter we owe this to the
many victims of the crimes committed in
this conflict I thank you mr. president
Louis I thank the representative of
Sweden for his statement and I'll give
the floor to the representative of
Poland Thank You mr. president let me
thank special and voice stefan de
Mistura and deputy to the High
Representative mr. Thomas Markram
further important briefings mr.
president we are horrifying horrified by
the news of another deadly attack in
eastern goethe which happened on
saturday evening
thousands of people perished as a result
of a vicious act of violence against
civilians in Duma available information
about symptoms of the victims confirmed
that they are consistent with those
caused by a chemical agent Poland
condemns this barbaric attack and
expects that it will be possible to hold
perpetrators accountable no military and
political goals can justify the
extermination of innocent vulnerable
people
especially dolls seeking help in medical
facilities this atrocious crime seems to
be a cynical response to the last week
debates in this council when we
commemorated the first anniversary of
the attack in unshaken mr. president we
call on the actors affecting the
situation in Syria especially the
Russian Federation and Iran to take all
the necessary actions to prevent any
further use of weapons of mass
destruction and arrive at the full
cessation of hostilities in the whole
territory of Syria we insist that all
parties to the conflict conflict comply
with their obligations under
international humanitarian law mr.
president as it has been stated many
times by the members of this council as
well as UN officials and the european
union representatives it is highly
regrettable that the renewal of the
Mandate of the joint investigative
mechanism was vetoed thus allowing those
responsible for subsequent chemical
attacks to remain unpunished the results
of this impunity we face today
witnessing further attacks against
civilians with the use of chemicals as
weapons mr. president
we urge all our partners in the council
to engage in a serious good fight good
faith discussion in order to reestablish
an accountability mechanism for chemical
attacks in Syria this is the minimum
that we all the victims of Goethe Hans I
own a lot Amina and numerous other
places where chemical weapons have been
used Thank You mr. president
I think the representative of Poland for
his statement I now give the floor to
the representative of Ethiopia
Thank You mr. president we thank special
and we in the Mistura and missile for
mass Makram for the briefings reports of
the use of chemical weapons in Duma or
Saturday and the videos and pictures
that we saw on media outlets are indeed
very worrying it's also deeply
disturbing that recently such reports of
the use of chemical weapons have
continued in the ongoing military
activities in Syria as we have
repeatedly stated we strongly condemn
any use of chemical weapons by any actor
under any circumstances there is no
justification whatsoever for the use of
chemical weapons those responsible for
this inhumane acts must be identified
and held accountable
this is absolutely vital not only for
the sake of the victims of chemical
weapons in Syria but also for
maintaining international peace and
security as well as for preserving the
non-proliferation architecture with a
president at the Secretary General
stated in his April 8th statement
incited by a special earlier any use of
chemical weapons if confirmed is
abhorrent and requires a full
investigation this includes the need to
establish accountability something the
council has yet to achieve a consensus
on in the meantime we believe the
reported use of chemical weapons in duma
as well as in other parts of syria
should be investigated by the
fact-finding mission and all parties
should extend full cooperation in this
regard according to relevant Security
Council resolutions while we all agree
that accountability is indispensable to
deter and stop the use of chemical
weapons in Syria and Beyond currently as
already said there is no independent
impartial
and professional investigative mechanism
that could identify those individuals
entities State or non-state actors that
use chemical weapons
in Syria in this regard the council
should restore its unity and engage in a
positive and constructive discussion
that could address the existing
institutional acronym this said we all
know that the threats to international
peace of security we face today is
increasingly becoming much more complex
by the day we are seeing that the
proliferation of nuclear weapons is
posing real danger and the international
norm on the use of chemical weapons is
also being undermined the trust among
major powers has also never been since
the end of the Cold War as low as it
currently is this has enormous
implications not only for global peace
and security but also for the
transformative agenda that we have set
for ourselves in the development sphere
we can now think of making any
meaningful head waste words achieving
the SDGs without creating the necessary
global security environment at the
moment we really cannot say that we have
such conducive environment for us to be
able to make any progress this council
has indeed the primary responsibility
for the promotion and maintenance of
international peace security
unfortunately it has not been able to
effectively address the new and emerging
piece of security threats and challenges
that were facing today it has been all
the more apparent that the lack of unity
and cohesion among members is
undermining the credibility of the
council perhaps we the elected members
have to look for ways and means of
making greater impact with a view to
contributing to making the council more
effective without dialogue among the
major fouls to build the necessary trust
and understanding it will be extremely
difficult to address some of the most
difficult and complex security
challenges including the situation in
Syria things are in fact bound to get
even worse unless something is done we
cannot have for
to bury our heads in the sand the
dangers are very palpable that's why
every opportunity should be seized and
that's also why we consider the news
about the upcoming summit levels meeting
being planned are encouraging we can
only hope that this meeting to help
defuse tension and allow for serious
discussions take place in trying to find
a common approach to tackling current
threats and challenge the sooner these
discussions happen the better for
preserving global peace and stability
which as we speak is becoming a source
of extremely great concern in fact
understating the magnitude for the
potential danger we are facing I think
it was a president called up i thank the
representative of ETA before his
statement and I now give the floor to
the representative of Cote d'Ivoire we
wish to thank the briefers for their
statements regarding recent developments
of the situation in Syria following the
resumption of fighting in Duma eastern
Goethe and the shelling of the city of
the mosques following the relative calm
that had been seen in recent weeks we
wish to focus our statement on three
main points first remains gravely
concerned recent reports about chemical
weapons attacks against innocent
civilians allegedly claiming numerous
victims with symptoms being shown of
exposure to a chemical agent reaffirms
its categorical rejection of any use of
chemical weapons both in terms of peace
and in terms of war
we've immensely condemned such acts and
we call for light to fully be shed
on this with the contribution of all
stakeholders being forthcoming in a
light to have allegations of recurrent
chemical weapons use by the belligerents
of the Syrian conflict my delegation
underscores the following it is more
important than ever before for the
international community to deliver a
strong message a message to show that
beyond condemnation and statements of
principle which are customary to reflect
its determination to irrevocably halt
this hellish cycle chemical weapons use
constitutes a breach of the most basic
norms of international law it poses
threats to our collective security for
this reason we must engage in a
steadfast struggle against impunity in
the use of chemical weapons by upholding
and preserving the international
chemical weapons non-proliferation
regime a regime which is amongst the
pillars of our collective security my
second point focuses particularly on the
importance of the international
community's establishing a mechanism for
accountability to combat impunity for
perpetrators in chemical weapons use
this in order to end the repeated use of
such weapons in this regard my
delegation stands ready to endeavor to
establish such a mechanism we invite the
council to restore its unity unity its
unity when it acted to set up a joint
investigative mechanism
unfortunately the Mandate of this
mechanism was unable to be renewed
despite our concerted efforts as my
third point I wish to note with regret
the fact that resolution 24:01 a
resolution which remains the framework
of our collective action unfortunately
it was unable to be implemented and the
humanitarian situation in Syria has
further
rated in the light of the plight of
civilians trapped in a crossfire the
urgent nature of a cessation of
hostilities is more evident than ever
before
given the deteriorating situation my
country once again wishes to call upon
all parties to the conflict to
immediately put an end to hostilities
for cessation of hostilities and for the
parties to uphold international
humanitarian law including unfettered
humanitarian access to those in need in
line with Security Council resolution
2401 country reiterates our conviction
that the resolution to the crisis in
Syria and not be military in nature a
political process alone can put an end
to this conflict
this political solution must align with
resolution 2254 adopted by the Security
Council and it needs to be shaped by the
outcomes of the negotiations in Geneva
my countries convinced that the Geneva
talks are the appropriate framework to
bring about a lasting settlement of the
conflict thank you
I thank the representative of good
d'Ivoire for his statement and I now
give the floor to the representative of
Equatorial Guinea thank you very much
president and your team I thank you for
your very in-depth briefings has
received today the Republic of
Equatorial Guinea would like to thank
the French Republic and those other
members of the council who called for
the convening of this earth we'd also
like to thank the president of the
Security Council for having decided to
hold this afternoon's meeting under the
agenda item threats to international
peace and security these situation
Middle East the agenda item is most apt
given that without a shadow of a doubt
the events of recent days in the Middle
East do represent
genuine threat to peace and security not
just in that region of the Middle East
but also internationally from the
protests in the Gaza Strip with the loss
of so many lives to the missile attacks
in Syria and not forgetting the
reprehensible chemical weapon attack all
situations of deep concern for the
Republic of Ecuador this weekend just go
on
we woke to news that added a further low
to the most painful and bloody episodes
of the Syrian conflict according to
reports published in the international
media on the 7th of April Saturday in in
Goethe more than 40 people died the
majority of them women and children they
suffocated to death through inhalation
of a poisonous gas president as we heard
in this very chamber on the 4th of April
from the director and deputy High
Representative for disarmament Affairs
of the United Nations and Thomas Mara
OPCW fact-finding mission Syria provides
conclusions and recommendations that are
not binding and do not entail
attribution of responsibilities should
evidence of the use of chemical
substances prohibited under the tonight
we take this opportunity in fact to
recall the obligation of all parties to
take tangible tangible steps for the
full implementation of resolution 2118
of 2013 morover we underscore the fact
that recent events and the way in which
the fact-finding missions to hands are
tied make it abundantly clear that there
is a pressing need for an independent
investigation mechanism of the United
Nations to be set up whose task must be
focused on preventing impunity
identifying those responsible and
preventing to the best of its abilities
future attacks as far as the Republic of
Equatorial Guinea is concerned no use of
chemical weapons should go
uninvestigated or unpunished for which
reason the alarming information coming
out
particularly in that pertaining to the
use of chemical weapons targeting
civilians as we've heard both as we've
heard in the case of Duma which we're
discussing today as well as similar
events in the past must be investigated
in an exhaustive fair and impartial as
well as independent way by the
international bodies upholding the
standards of the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons the OPCW
the outcomes of the aforementioned
investigations must be made public and
those responsible must answer for their
crimes before the implacable gaze of
Lady Justice president the fact that
chemical substances continue to be used
particularly targeting civilians is
calls for serious alarm for the
government of the Republic of Ecuador
beginning at the general debate is 72nd
session of the General Assembly of this
house the president of the Republic of
Equatorial Guinea His Excellency mr.
mesagog condemned in the strongest
possible terms to use steam manufacture
these stockpiling and the distribution
of chemical weapons in armed conflicts
is worth recalling at this juncture that
no member of this council should
consider itself exempt from this
obligation an obligation that reflects
chapter one of the charge of the United
Nations but in shrines the determination
of the member states of this house to
forge a world of peace and to ensure the
well-being of humankind I would make the
point that the Security Council now
finds itself at a crossroads
we can either strengthen the presence of
international forces with a view to
future military intervention as some
military powers have been hinting of
late or we can pursue international
negotiations be they on the Geneva
Astana
Sochi or Ankara tracts we need look no
further than the history books to find a
plethora of the proof that military
intervention has never solved a conflict
rather at least to fragmentation of the
theatres of war prolongs showing
desolation Guinea's concerned the only
solution to the Syrian conflict is to be
found in the words spoken yesterday by
Pope Francis in the traditional Sunday
Mass and the st. Peter's Square in the
Vatican and I quote
there is no good war there is no bad war
nothing can justify the use of such
instruments of violence against unarmed
people and unarmed populations political
and military leaders must choose another
path a path of negotiations only that
might lead to a peace that is not the
handmaiden of death and destruction and
here I am the quotation president we
conclude our statement by reiterating
the appeal already made by the Republic
vector to Al Guinea on past occasions to
those countries and actors who have
influence in Syria as well as in IRA's
rail and Palestine to wield that
influence in order to push the parties
involved in these conflicts to move to
mitigate the suffering of their people
and to push them to sit down to
negotiate to put an end to this
deep-rooted and a serious threat to
international peace and security which
remains entrenched in the Middle East
thank you very much statement I now give
the floor to the representative of
Kazakhstan mr. president we thank
special envoy Staffan de Mistura and
deputy High Representative for
disarmament Affairs Thomas Makram for
their briefings we express value to the
members of the Council for initiating
this emergency meeting which we hope
will help to make to take timely and
objective investigation of the alleged
incident in Duma we firmly believe that
if the UN Security Council remains the
main and sole body authorized to counter
threats to international peace and
security
unfortunately the situation within the
council is becoming increasingly
strained in order to achieve proper
solution of these critical issues it is
of utmost importance to ensure that the
council acts unanimously in a balanced
and pragmatic manner this requires from
us greater flexibility negotiability
rising above our national interests for
the benefit of achieving peace and
stability any controversy with
prejudices and mutual accusations
without getting the conclusive results
and irrefutable evidence will have only
destructive effect going that will not
lead to the results that the world
community expects from us as for the
chemical attacks in Syria we move
together with the families of those
killed and express ourselves directly to
them in the face of such atrocities by
which innocent civilians become victims
of the relentless confrontation of the
opposing parties Kazakhstan has always
taken a firm and resolute stand and
compromising ly condemning any use of
chemical weapons as the most heinous act
action and unacceptable war crime as for
the situation in Duma we call for early
investigation of this alleged incident
and clarification of all the
circumstances the council has the
greatest responsibility to act on
verifiable facts not only before the
world community but before ourselves but
more than that it is history itself
which will become judge to our decisions
after a certain time therefore we need
to make sure of all the details of the
incident in this regard we would like to
draw attention to the following aspects
first other any other reliable sources
in addition to white helmets claims and
who can verify the veracity of the
assessments and testimonies of these
sources some claim that the number of
victims is 70 people while others report
that more than 150 victims have
succumbed yet others believe it is only
25 victims only one victim is too much
but today Russian Federation denies the
attack at all so there are many
allegations and assumptions regarding
the very fact of using a chemical
poisonous of substance secondly we
consider it is important to take into
account the fact that the government of
Syria has repeatedly notified us and
requested us to check their reports that
a number of terrorist groups on the side
of the opposition
we're making attempts to transfer
chemical weapons and prepare chemical
attacks on the territory of western
Gouda actually they were not given due
attention and with opportunities to
verify the full fact we are not
advocating for one or the other side of
this conflict but demand only a full and
objective investigation on the basis of
which we can make a thoughtful decision
thirdly we consider it's imperative to
have an independent investigation and
here we again recall the urgent need for
an investigative mechanism the
Recreational which depends on the
leading members of this council who must
make every possible effort to find a
common ground on that we urgently need
an objective and verified information as
well as immediate independent
transparent and unbiased investigation
before any decision or any action
including a unilateral one is taken we
fully support the proposal that the OPCW
fact-finding mission be sent at the
earliest we're sure that the Syrian
society is really interested in
objective investigation so Damascus and
their opposing parties should provide
all assistance and secure access for the
speedy visit of the OPCW inspectors to
the incident site to collect facts on
the ground
finally we once again call for the
preservation and strengthening of the
unity of this council and reach a
consensual decision to preserve peace
and stability in the world I thank you
Lila Gracia I thank the representative
of Kazakhstan for his statement and I
now give the floor to the representative
of Kuwait thank you for holding this
meeting promptly we were one of the
countries that called for holding this
meeting we thank the briefers mr. stefan
de Mistura the special envoy of the
secretary-general for Syria and
sir thomas Makram deputy to the High
Representative for disarmament Affairs
since the beginning of this year the
State of Kuwait has occupied the Arab
seat in the Security Council one of our
most important priorities that we have
declared clearly before we started our
membership is that we defend and uphold
our causes and give voice to these
concerns of our state and we work
towards peaceful solutions and we deeply
regret that I have questions on the
agenda of the council has not seen any
real critical or tangible improvement
particularly the Syrian crisis the
Syrian crisis which witnesses more
deterioration Council resolutions on
these questions are not implemented
council is in charge of maintaining
international peace and security and it
is unable to shoulder its responsibility
it is divided and has no unity as it
faces these hence these crises continue
and the suffering of the people in our
region continues the State of Kuwait
condemns in the strongest terms the
heinous attacks by rockets and barrel
bombs against the residential areas
under siege in eastern Goethe including
the attack on Juma on Saturday the 7th
of five days ago we marked the first
anniversary of the country phone
incident where chemical weapons were
used in accordance with what the gym
confirmed and it did identify who used
them and two days ago tens of civilians
including children and women were killed
and injured in attacks and airstrikes
against Juma and many cases of as many
international reports confirmed that
these crimes are
that amount to crimes against humanity
and war crimes which brings us back to
the main demand that we have all agreed
on in this poll that we need to create a
new mechanism to identify whether
chemical weapons were used and identify
who used them and hold the perpetrators
accountable a mechanism that would
guarantee investigations that are
impartial transparent and professional
in all chemical attacks in Syria to
maintain the principal and the impunity
the perpetrators of those chemical
crimes in Syria for five years have
enjoyed impunity no punishment
whatsoever particularly in August 2013
when we saw with our own eyes the first
crime of the use of chemical weapons in
eastern Ghouta
we do not want to mark a first
anniversary of the Juma attack without a
conviction we want an accountability
mechanism established by this council we
want and accountability that would
identify who's in charge who perpetrated
those crimes they need to be held to
account be it a government an entity a
group or individuals in accordance with
the provisions of resolution 2018 the
council needs to shoulder its
responsibility towards the maintenance
of peace and security the use of
chemical weapons is a true and real
threat to the non-proliferation regime
continued attacks against civilians in
medical facilities and residential areas
whether through air strikes or the
attacks by artillery are all flagrant
violations of the international
community's will and Security Council
resolutions particularly resolution
24:01
that demanded 30-day ceasefire without
delay provisions
21:18 were clear and definite as it
called for accountability visibly the
use of chemicals with
in Syria as it is a flagrant violation
of IHL and human rights however what we
see now is a clear violation of the
provisions of said resolution we as
members of this council cannot accept
the status quo the continued this that
is the continued use of chemical weapons
in Syria it is another disappointment
disappointment for the Syrian people we
were not able to end their suffering in
the use of these weapons in Syria mr.
president this council shoulders a
collective responsibility the Syrian
people are sick and tired of following
meetings of this council without seeing
tangible results on the ground this
council was able at many points in time
in this particular body was able to
reach a unified position to end the
crisis we need to overcome our political
differences and establish a new
accountability mechanism in Syria that
has professionalism and impartiality and
these elements are available in the
American draft resolution under
discussion which includes updates on the
dome we call all members of the Council
to build on this draft as a good basis
for any negotiation on a future
mechanism we continue to look for a
political solution as the only means to
end the crisis in all its dimensions the
political roadmap is clear and agreed
upon based on the disney found one
communique and resolution 2254 maintain
the sovereignty independence and unity
of syria and give the expressions of the
Syrian people in the decent life I think
you know Ilana I thank the
representative of Kuwait for his
statement and I now give the floor to
the representative of the Plurinational
state of Bolivia thank you very much
president we are grateful for the
briefings that we've heard from this
Staffan de Mistura the special envoy of
the secretary-general for Syria and from
mr. Thomas mahram the deputy to the High
Representative for disarmament Affairs
president we would like to begin by
expressing our deep rooted alarm in
light of the latest reports of the
alleged use of chemical weapons in the
city of Bolivia would like to reiterate
its condemnation of the use of chemical
weapons or agents as weapons because we
consider them unjustifiable act and a
criminal act as well we believe that
there can never be a justification for
the use of these weapons or agents
irrespective of the circumstances or and
irrespective of by whom they are used as
they constitute a serious crime under
international law and a serious threat
to international peace and security we
believe that the fact-finding mission in
line with its mandate should in the most
method of method methodological and
objective why very verify the use of
these chemical weapons should they use
be verified then use must be
transparently investigated in order to
ensure that the perpetrators command and
to fight and they can be tried for the
by the appropriate bodies in order to
ensure that there is no impunity
we need a representative independent
international investigative body they
can carry out a credible and conclusive
investigation and that is a major
challenge before all of us and we must
ensure that we live up to responsibility
of not politicizing the work of this
Security Council nor exploiting it for
our own ends president we regret the
fact that to date there are still
obstacles that hamper the full
implementation of resolution 24:01 and
we call upon all stakeholders to spare
no effort in order to ensure the full
and effective implementation of said
resolution across the entire Syrian
territory we decry the ongoing shelling
and indiscriminate attacks
destroying mainly civilian
infrastructure such as health facilities
we also condemn any military activity in
residential areas such actions only lead
to further displacement injury and
increase the number of dead adding to
the already heavy toll of 500,000 dead
as a result of this situation we call
upon all parties to guarantee respect
humanitarian law International Human
Rights rights law including humanitarian
access across Syria to all persons in
need in line with the irrelevant
resolutions of the Security Council
president we reiterate that the conflict
in Syria is not one that can be solved
militarily the only solution is doing
inclusive political process which
involves dialogue and negotiation in
which has led for and by the Syrian
people this will allow for sustainable
peace to be achieved in that country
without any outside pressure or meddling
in line with the provisions of
resolution 25:54 we reject any attempts
to introduce fragmentation or
sectarianism in Syria president would
like to make it clear once again that we
reject the use of force or the threat of
the use of force we also reject the
pursuit of any unilateral course of
action given that such unilateral
courses of action are illegal and
contain the principles of the charter of
the United Nations moreover they
undermine the 17 total integrity of the
Syrian Arab Republic and they also move
us further away from any political
solution president as my final point on
the events in Salisbury if we would like
to reiterate the need for an independent
transparent and deep politicized
investigation to take place in line with
the prevailing standards and norms of
international law particularly within
the framework of the Chemical Weapons
Convention
we believe that cooperation of the
relevant parties in the Salisbury case
is vital for headway to be made through
the relevant diplomatic channels as we
seek to solve this event and to
strengthen as we so do the
non-proliferation regime thank you very
much president I think the
representative of Bolivia for his
statement I shall now make a statement
in my national capacity we would like to
thank Messrs Staffan de Mistura and
Thomas Markram for the information that
they have shared with the council boom
expresses its deep-rooted concern in the
wake of fresh reports on the use of
chemical weapons targeting civilians in
Syria including minors
this time in duma we underscore that by
way of response there is a pressing need
for an in-depth investigation Haroon
condemns any use of chemical weapons
wheresoever seduce occurs we would
recall the fact that such use
constitutes an atrocity crime a threat
to the maintenance of international
peace and security and such use of
chemical weapons also violates the
relevant non-proliferation regime and is
a violation of international
humanitarian law we believe that as an
immediate course of action the Syrian
government and all the parties to the
conflict including those countries with
influence that they can wield on the
ground must abide by an implement the
humanitarian ceasefire ordered by this
council through resolution 2401 said
parties must also cooperate with the
fact-finding mission dispatched by the
OPCW to that latter and we once again
highlight the need to endow ourselves
with an independent and impartial
mechanism to attribute responsibilities
investigations must lead to the trial
and punishment of perpetrators the
members of this Security Council cannot
countenance impunity we also feel it
worth recalling that any response to the
Syrian conflict and to the atrocities
therein must be pursued in line with the
charge of the United Nations and guided
by that framework Peru therefore opposes
any use or threat of use of force that
violates international law we'd like to
reiterate in light of the warning
consequences that the continuation of
the unbridled barbarity witnessed in the
Syrian conflict represent for stability
in the Middle East and for the wider
international order based as it is on
the minimum standards of humanity and
peaceful coexistence by that same token
I wish to conclude by appealing to the
members of the Security Council to
pursue unity and the common good as our
watchwords
commensurate with our solemn
responsibilities as far as the Syrian
case is concerned this will entail
the implementation of the ceasefire and
an effective protection of civilians as
well as the investigation of the
atrocity crimes committed and the
sanction of those responsible
it will also entirely genuine resumption
of the political dialogue on the basis
of resolution 2254 and the Geneva
communique all this to usher in lasting
peace that the people of Syria so
desperately desire thank you very much
I now resume my function as president of
the council the representative of the
Russian Federation has requested the
floor to make a further statement the
Russian Federation has the floor Thank
You mr. president like my Dutch
colleague and friend have three points
to put forward the first point is as
follows I wish to turn to my
distinguished colleague the permit
representative of the United States
nikki Haley with requested a kind and a
courteous request to refrain henceforth
from naming any legitimate governments
from labeling them as regimes and
specifically I am referring to the
Russian Federation I've already stated
this request once already but ambassador
Haley was not present here and I
requested that this be conveyed by
colleagues and now I state this
personally next time I will halt the
meeting for a point of order if this
takes place again if this continues
second the distinguished representative
the United Kingdom mentioned that Syria
is different from Salisbury nets in
Syria there is no investigation there in
Salisbury there is an investigation we
would very much like to learn more
detail about this investigation we would
be grateful if you were to familiarize
us with this investigation for the
moment we know nothing other then what
that the alleged victims of the use of a
chemical warfare agent were suddenly
thank God suddenly turned out to be
alive and it appears that they are
almost fully healthy now
however nobody has seen them yet and we
fear for the state of these important
witnesses for the moment according to
reports from newspapers we learned that
the CIA proposed two to shelter the
scrip holes in the US and to give them
new names the participation of the CIA
here in and of itself speaks volumes
however this also means that we possibly
perhaps will never see these people key
witnesses with what took place to what
took place what else do we know we know
about the expeditious destruction of the
pets of the scrip halls their household
pets and their cremation of these pets
and their guinea pigs and we also know
about their intent to take down their
home to demolish their home and a
restaurant we also know that UNESCO
Paul's sister Victoria and we will who
wish to met with her her request for a
visa British visa was denied why is that
the case that's all we know so once
again I would note that we very much
wish to learn more detail about what is
taking place we would be grateful to our
British colleagues if they would
regularly familiarize ourselves with the
course of Investigation and lastly third
mr. president today we gathered here not
to address a situation in guma Duma the
agenda item is called threats to
international peace and security and yet
of course the situation around uma and
the so called chemical attack served as
a prompt for this but today's meeting
what Stefan de Mistura spoke about and
what the secretary-general previously
spoke about we are moving to a dangerous
u threshold and unfortunately this is
not being understood by those playing
those dangerous games and spreading
about and disseminating reckless threats
reckless threats irresponsible threats
today once again we heard what we have
heard on a number of occasions already
none of our Western colleagues wishes to
hear and to listen to the objective
information
nobody casts any doubt on the sole
version of what took place
what kind of investigation why do you
need it you have accused Damascus the
chemical weapons attack not only prior
to an investigation but even prior to
the reports surfacing about this
incident you are not convinced by the
information we provided to you today you
merely don't wish to hear this we
already told you there are no witnesses
to the use of chemical weapons at all
there are no traces of a chemical
weapons neither the victims neither
killed nor the wounded no nobody turned
to the hospitals the footage that was
shown was clearly staged which was
provided by the white helmets we demand
about the OPCW mission immediately visit
duma immediately visit to the area of
the alleged the chemical weapons attack
to interview medical staff and residents
and to collect soil samples my british
colleague mentioned that an
investigation alone can determine who
the perpetrators were I agree however
this in no way prevents you from
identifying perpetrators of the series
labeling the Syrian regime Isis these
two don't really go hand-in-hand the
regime quote/unquote iced rested the
regime quote-unquote I reiterate we
insist that the OPCW mission immediately
visit to do mother Syrian authorities
and Russian troops stand ready to
provide the necessary conditions for
this to take place and lastly with
respect to the investigative mechanism
in the independent we also are in favor
of this let us recall that our draft
resolution with a proposal to set up
such a mechanism is in blue and we stand
ready to adopt it today if necessary
thank you sir Maria called I thank the
representative of the Russian Federation
for his statement the representative of
the United Kingdom has requested the
fluor to make a further statement United
Kingdom you have the floor
Thank You mr. president and I apologize
for taking the floor again but just to
clarify the Russian ambassador's English
is far too good for him not to have
understood me when I spoke on fifth of
April the investigation that is underway
into Salisbury is an independent police
investigation and the United Kingdom
will be very pleased to update the
council as and when we have something to
say one more thing now I have the floor
if I may mr. president the other
difference between Salisbury and Syria
is that United Kingdom is a party to the
Chemical Weapons Convention in good
standing and the Syrian government has
not complied with its obligations as
certified by OC p o p CW thank you your
honor
I thank the representative of the United
Kingdom for his statement I now give the
floor to the representative of the
Syrian Arab Republic Thank You mr.
president the American representative
said that Russia spends resources to
support what she called the Syrian
regime my question to her what about the
United States the United States is
spending its resources in Syria on what
to provide food and milk to Syrian
children or to provide armed groups with
weapons on groups that have committed
the most heinous crimes against the
Syrian people or is it spending
resources on your planes and fighter
jets that have been so active in Syria
my American colleague has been
threatening my country in most Security
Council sessions the she acknowledged
then that her administration does not
this Security Council any weight it does
not respect the principles of
international law or the United Nations
as a whole let's test the credibility of
what she presented note that I'm not
referring to the American administration
as the American regime because it's
shameful we cannot do this in the United
Nations so let's test the credibility of
what she's presented she said this
Security Council must act to achieve
justice in Syria okay then my test is
her administration should allow the
disclosure of the results of the own
scope they investigated the presence of
WMD in Iraq for 18 years this commission
was headed by a sweet trans blix and as
you know this Commission's didn't find
anything after 18 years of investigation
or examination they didn't find any
chemical weapons they didn't find
coca-cola or Pepsi Cola nevertheless in
2008 towards the end of 2008 the
Security Council in a closed meeting
decided to end the work of this
commission and very the archives of this
commission in iron boxes and only the
secretary-general knows how to open
these boxes he's the only one who has
the logs
there was one condition these boxes can
only be opened after 60 years
what is so shameful in this archives why
did we need to bury them in boxes that
cannot be opened in 60 years
mr. president the government of the
Syrian Arab Republic condemns in the
strongest terms the ruthless Israeli
aggression that took place this morning
on t4 Airport in Homs Governorate
killing and injuring a number of
civilians this aggression is a flagrant
violation of Security Council resolution
350 of 1974 and Security Council
resolutions on counterterrorism this
aggression would not have occurred were
it not for the unlimited and consistent
support by the American administration
to Israel the American administration
guarantees immunity so that Israel is
not held accountable this allows Israel
to continue to practice state terrorism
and threaten peace and security in the
region and in the world of course
Western countries did not refer even to
the Israeli aggression in their
statements that means that they are
complicit and they support this
aggression unfortunately my dear friend
de Mistura did not listen to Netanyahu
saying this morning that it is Israel
that launched this aggression this is
why I was surprised when he said that
the United Nations is not able to verify
the identity of the perpetrators of this
aggression
well Netanyahu himself mr. Mistura is
stay
and that he launched this aggression why
didn't you refer to Israel why didn't
you explicitly say Israel is to blame
for this aggression this Israeli
aggression is an indirect response to
the successes of the Syrian Arab army
the army succeeded in expelling armed
terrorist groups from the suburbs of
Damascus rural Damascus and other Syrian
territory those groups have been
shelling the Syrian people kidnapping
civilians detaining them using them as
human shields Damascus alone was
targeted by three thousand missiles
within three months killing 155 and
injuring 865 civilians most of them
women and children the Syrian government
stresses that they repeated Israeli
aggression did not and will not protect
Israeli agents from terrorist groups
they also will not and did not divert
the attention of the Syrian Arab army
from the decisive military victory over
terrorists mr. president the American
anti-racism activist Martin Luther King
said and I quote a lie is like a
snowball the further you roll it the
bigger it becomes and of quote it seems
that this why saying holds true at any
time and at any place the governments of
some countries are lying incessantly
fortunately though they're not quite
perfecting the details of their web of
lies the famous character of their
invention housing in German literature
mr. president some permanent members
have become professional lawyers and
this in itself is a weapon of mass
destruction through lying Israel was
occupied through light Palestine was
occupied through an eyeing they fueled
the war in the Korean Peninsula through
lying they invaded Vietnam through lying
they invaded Grenada through lying they
occupied Iraq through lying they
destroyed Libya through lying that they
established that theory terrorist groups
such as al-qaeda Taliban Isis a nusra
front Jaysh al-islam and the list goes
on and through lying these countries are
trying to defeat Syria and prepare the
ground for an aggression it is worthy to
note the statement the negative
statement of the US Representative is in
contradiction with a statement made by
general Matthews defense secretary he
said in an interview with Newsweek two
days ago with the journalist Ian Winkie
this journalist used a title for this
interview I will read it out in English
now mattis admits there was no evidence
President Assad used poison gas on his
own people ELISA was a belief a Shariah
this is not the Syrian defense minister
it's the American defense secretary how
coherent is this administration mr.
president
on the 10th of December 2012 2012 so six
years ago we conveyed a form and letter
to the council with a symbol a / 67 /
628 so before the first time the
operators of tourist groups claimed that
sarin gas was used in Chanhassen on
March 19th 2013 we informed you that the
United States the United Kingdom and
France have launched a campaign of
allegations claiming that the Syrian
government might have used chemical
weapons back then we warned that such
allegations would encourage governments
that sponsor terrorists to provide
chemical weapons to armed terrorist
groups and then claimed claimed that the
Syrian government had used those weapons
what happened in the past few years
cough Rosita domina terminus and san
shyuum and other villages and towns in
Syria confirms unequivocally that we had
work what we had weren't of five years
ago the United States the United Kingdom
and France have been so eager to hold
one meeting after the other based on
fabricated information this is part of a
deep crisis that we're witnessing and
they want to involve other council
members in this crisis these three
countries created in the Security
Council since 2013 a big elephant of
lies and deceit and this elephant is
living today in this chamber and is
stamping with its huge feet on the
credibility of this council it seems
that these countries called for holding
the session to support terrorists and to
obstruct the agreement reached about
however these countries were a bit late
because the terrorists wanted this
meeting to be held before they were
forced to reach an agreement with the
Syrian state to leave their strongholds
and hand over their weapons these
countries were late and fulfilling their
promises to the terrorists it would have
been better not to repeat this broken
records and not to rely on false reports
from mercenaries so-called white helmets
that were established by British
intelligence officer James Loomis Yuri
he's British but his name is French what
proves that these countries were lying
is that the residents of Duma left the
city safely 170,000 civilians left the
city safely chose to reach an agreement
with a Syrian state as the last resort
for them and their families buses are
transferring them and their families to
the city of Deraa blows they're fused to
settle their affairs and the chose to go
to the city of jealousy of residents
chose to stay where they were and to be
on the side of the Syrian state it turns
out that allegations of some states some
of the members of this council the
deteriorating humanitarian situation in
eastern Ghouta were lies just as well as
we you know it NIST in Aleppo as it
turned out that warehouses of terrorist
groups were full of medication and food
monopolized by some elements who sold
these items to civilians at exorbitant
prices at this point I have to ask
ladies and gentlemen
did the three countries call to hold
this meeting to legitimate legitimize
the Israeli aggression that occurred
this morning or to impede and obstruct
the implementation of the agreement
in this context I must thank the
representative of the Russian Federation
that recognized the true nature of what
these countries were preparing for so he
called to hold a meeting under the
agenda item threats to international
peace and security this is the correct
title we conveyed to the Security
Council the OPCW and what used to be
called the joint investigative mechanism
145 letters the latest on April 1st 2018
145 letters and I thank the permanent
representative of Kazakhstan who noted
that you don't read those letters and
you don't respond to those letters those
letters contain accurate information
stating that terrorist groups armed
terrorist groups possess toxic chemical
substances notably chlorine and Cyrene
we Ward time and again that those groups
are preparing our prey
preparing for crimes of use of chemical
weapons and they're working with the
white helmets to fabricate evidence to
take pictures of locations and film
Hollywood like scenes everything staged
all that to blame the Syrian
government's to influence public opinion
and to incite against Syria and its
allies this is why these countries
called for holding this meeting to
create pretext and justify any military
aggression on Syria it seems mr.
president that the directors of this
bloody terrorist scene failed to perfect
their web of lies we know then that in
each of those theatrical scenes on the
alleged use of chemical weapons by the
Syrian government we note that these
substances never find their way to armed
elements it's always children and women
chemical weapons that discriminate
against armed elements but you know they
love children and and and women these
substances only need to be washed away
with water in front of the camera just
water you know Walter heals everything
rescue workers never need to wear
protective masks and it seems that the
Syrian Arab army only uses those
substances but it doesn't possess to
begin with because the Americans
destroyed them on the race ship in the
Mediterranean so the Syrian Arab army
only uses those substances that it
doesn't possess in the first place only
when it is making military progress how
strange how strange mr. president this
campaign the minimum standards of
credibility
it relies on fabricated information from
social media elements have been
fabricated in this information I
announced from this rostrum that Syria
is prepared to facilitate a fact-finding
mission from the OPCW to the place of
incident in Duma as soon as possible
to investigate and verify these
allegations we agree with the Russian
proposal to listen to the fact-finding
missions report after it visited Raqqa
we welcome this visit as soon as
possible
I hope this offer does not face the same
fate as our first offer our first offer
that we presented to the
secretary-general ban ki-moon after the
incident in 2013 in March 2016 13 in fan
and I said back then we asked the
Secretary General to provide assistance
to the Syrian government so that we were
able to investigate what happened in
feminism immediately it took you and
four months and 11 days
as you recall dr. Sundstrom was sent to
Syria
it took the UN for months and 11 days
that is how the UN interpreted the term
immediately for months and 11 days and
when dr. sellstrom arrived in Damascus
to investigate what happened in Hannah
some groups claimed that chemical
weapons were used in huhta so doctors
removed from NASA - and Wootton and just
so you know till now no investigations
have occurred in to what happened in
hannah lesson mr. president today we
directly accused Washington Paris London
Riyadh
I don't hurt Ankara of providing Isis a
nusra front Jerusalem falaqa Rahman and
dozens of affiliated terrorist groups
with toxic chemical substances to be
used against Syrian civilians we accuse
them of starting those massacres of
fabricating evidence to falsely blame
the Syrian government of the use of
toxic chemical substances to prepare the
ground for an aggression against my
country just as the United States and
the United Kingdom did in Iraq in 2003
yes we say to the United States and the
United Kingdom and France that in Syria
and Iraq we eliminated eliminated the
vast majority of Isis elements
within three years not within 30 years
as mr. Obama's has said within three
years and not within 30 years as these
countries had planned to justify
undermining the stability of the region
yes we say to Saudi Arabia today that we
eliminated its terrorist tentacles in
eastern Ghouta and I mean Jaysh al-islam
gangs yes we say to Qatar and Turkey
that we eliminated their terrorist
tentacles in eastern Goethe and I mean a
neutral front gangs and firelock
ar-rahman dance and I say to all those
who exported to us armed moderate
genetically modified a position that we
eliminated the his toxic exports and we
call upon those exporters to bear the
consequences of their actions as some
elements who survived would return to
their original countries it is very
simple really let me just say that on
our borders was Turkey and in the
separation zone in Golan we still have
tens of thousands of good moderates
terrorists with their light weapons long
beards black banners and white helmets
whoever wants to adopt them please
submit an application to their operators
they're ready they're ready to be
adopted they can go to the West I can go
to Europe as refugees in conclusion mr.
president the Syrian Arab Republic
stresses once again that it does not
possess any chemical weapons of any type
including chlorine and condemn once
again the use of chemical weapons at any
time and anywhere and under any
circumstances my country Syria stresses
it's unlimited cooperation with the OPCW
to fulfill the commitments stated in the
Convention on the prohibition of the
development production stockpiling and
use of chemical weapons
the Russian Center for reconciliation in
Syria announced to date today military
experts has carried out investigations
in Duma and these investigations suggest
that there are no signs of the use of
chemical weapons there and while
treating the sick that are being treated
in the hospitals of Duma Ocean doctors
have proven that these patients have not
been subjected to any chemical substance
so what we mean is that witnessing here
is really a Hollywood scene Thank You
mr. president
very cold I thank the representative of
the Syrian Arab Republic for his
statement there are no more names
inscribed on the list of speakers I now
invite council members to informal
consultations to continue our discussion
on the subject this meeting stands
adjourned
