an airbase in Syria's Homs province has
been hit by a missile strike according
to state media several soldiers have
reportedly been killed and several more
are injured the state-run Sanaa TV
channel has released this video
supposedly showing the base coming under
fire the t4 airfield activated its
interceptor system and eight incoming
rockets were apparently destroyed it's
still unclear he was behind the
bombardment the US Department of Defense
has denied any involvement saying it's
not at this time conducting airstrikes
in Syria while Lebanese media are saying
several Israeli military planes were
seen entering Syrian airspace around the
time of the attack
back in February the t4 airfield in homs
province was hit by Israeli air strikes
but the Israeli Defense Forces have
declined to comment on this latest
situation
