now the recovery of the scruples has
raised that questions about just how
they managed to survive after reportedly
being poisoned by a nerve agent of such
strength
we'll discuss this issue with a former
director-general of the international
organization of the prohibition of
chemical weapons
jos√©e Boustany from my point of view
after a distance of 16 years of course I
believe the decision by the UK was
premature
you can't decide in 24 hours
what type of poison was used and where
it comes from why didn't they call
immediately the OPCW and why didn't the
OPCW volunteered to take action because
this is the the role of the organization
immediately to go and identify analyze
the victims take the blood samples
analyzed and try to identify because
they have the capability to do that
they're experts from all countries it's
it's committee of people that are very
expert very capable of doing this work
so I was surprised and to see that was
so premature a decision to identify the
poison identify the source of the poison
without giving a chance to the
inspectors of the international
organization which is after all the
international organ with the mandate to
do this type of job many questions
related to the use of this poison for
example how do you control and limit the
use of this poison to only two people if
it is Nova talk as they announced it was
it's not something that will not affect
much many more people around you even
those who use the the gas the poison gas
Zuzu Bustani he just heard from there is
a Brazilian diplomat he was also the
first elected director general of the
International anti chemical weapons body
although there's been much speculation
in to the reasons as to why he quit his
seat let's take a look at the story I
just as he was about to leave his post
it was revealed that by encouraging Iraq
to become a member of the OPCW meaning
it would have to destroy all of its
chemical weapons he appeared to become
an obstacle to the u.s. intention to
engage in military action in Iraq
in an open letter supporting Bastardi
many activists demanded to put world
peace ahead of us
unilateralism here's your service
carnies accounts of what happened when I
became director general there were 87
members and when I left it was 150
something countries so and in my last
attempt to enlarge the membership of the
organization was convincing Iraq in
Libya for example to join in and when I
announced this to Member States it was a
shock to the Americans I believe because
they had plans are ready to take some
action military action against Iraq
according to the information that I had
it was obvious that during the first
year our kewal everything had been
destroyed and there was nothing left for
Iraq to be accused of still possessing
chemical weapons the accusation was that
my management style was not agreeable to
the Americans they managed to put
together a conference that was illegal
according to convention and that
conference was the one that out stood me
for the lack of support and there was
one man who was particularly against
Josep Bustani being the OPCW heads that
was john bolton at the time he was the
Undersecretary of State for arms control
and international security affairs he's
now been appointed as the US National
Security Advisor
you'll shortly take his seat Josie
Bustani says his intentions to make Iraq
a member of the OPCW stood in the way of
us ambitions I got a phone call from
John Bolton from Washington the first
time he had contact with him it said
that I had his structures to to to tell
me that I should resign from the
organization and I asked him why he said
your manner intimate styles not
agreeable to Washington to exchange the
vice president etc he had no way I don't
accept that so he came to the Hague and
he kept my office and he said you have
to resign and I give you 24 hours this
is what we want and I said no way I
don't have any reason to do that I don't
owe it to you I was elected by
acclamation by
all the member states of organization
it's only you the United States they are
challenging my management style and they
said but then again I tell you we have
already discussed with your government
that you should resign I said I don't
know of any agreement with my government
and then I said ok so there'll be
retaliation and prepared to accept the
consequences you we know where your kids
are and that moment are two of my kids
were in New York the study the United
States one of them is American for that
matter was born in New York is the
Brazilian American and I had another
daughter in London and I said I'm not I
prepared my families is my family is is
aware of what's going on so it's
prepared to face the possible so go
ahead and he was a little bit shocked
with that he left he's not a man you can
have a dialogue with
