hi I'm Max Keiser welcome to the Kaiser
report in this edition of the Kaiser
report the role of Max Keiser will be
played by a Max Keiser bot yes I have
become a but but but but but but but
Boppity Boppity boo pbbbt Bob pop up
Stacie well you know what we're downtown
New York City and wasn't this famous
Wall Street right down here when during
the Great Depression those thousands of
people outside the stock exchange when
the whole thing collapse they swooped
down to the Wall Street area wondering
what is going on with the crash yes they
were waiting for the likes of JPMorgan
to rescue stock prices once again but
stocks post worse start to April since
the Great Depression April is the
cruelest month remember TS Eliot says
did he yes Wow and then he got all
trumped up and tarted up on Broadway
what that frickin cat's musical that
I've seen 20 times because clients
forced me to look at this stocks post
worst start to April since the Great
Depression with the sp500 closing down
more than 2.2 percent last Monday the
broad market index clinched its worst
start to April since 1929 based on
recent market action the Bears clearly
have control right now bespoke
co-founder Justin Walters wrote the
sp500 fell back into correction Monday's
tech lead the market lower with names
like Amazon and Netflix both down more
than 5% of course it's been quite wild
up and down since then people don't know
whether or not to buy the dips or not
buy the dips but you know our friend
Mark usko is also saying that it looks
like the smart money has been selling to
the dumb money over and over at each
opening over the last few weeks the bear
is back quite possibly the background of
rising interest rates and trade wars and
heated up rhetoric and political kind of
posturing with atomic weapon armed foes
has got folks nervous remember you know
the tech sector that's leading the
this rally we've seen for the past five
or six years requires a logistics on a
global basis to work in perfect sync so
if there's gonna be a fallout if some
countries are gonna go to war with each
other or they're gonna be trade wars
there's gonna be cyber wars that means
that platforms that require precision
and syncing will have fallout and drop
out and crashing in different areas and
so their revenues have got to suffer as
a result plus we've etes reached the end
of the Alliance a ssin and kind of
deification of platforms like Facebook
you know who came into the business of
connecting people but it turns out that
they're just connecting violence well a
lot of things are going on you mentioned
the trade wars and there's tit-for-tat
sort of tariffs being applied between
the US and China
you also have Donald Trump tweeting over
and over attacks on Jeff Bezos and
Amazon and Washington Post and that he's
going to go after Amazon then you have
him declaring that he's going to send
the US military to the border with
Mexico then you also have polls that
show his favorability ratings are now at
50% which are higher than what Obama was
at this point so the markets you know
correlation doesn't necessarily equal
causality but Donald Trump was making
that argument while stock markets were
rising at the fastest pace since post
great depression in his first year in
office and now that they're starting to
tumble perhaps he might say correlation
doesn't necessarily equal causation a
very interesting about this really
rivalry between Donald Trump and Jeff
Bezos of Amazon who I believe now he's
the richest guy in the world and of
course he does own the Washington Post
and Donald Trump has a thing about fake
news coming from the likes of the New
York Times and Washington Post he says
it's fake news I said that's what he
says about the news coming out of these
outlets being fake news and so we've got
now the President of the United States
you know at odds with the richest guy in
America richest guy in the world with
the biggest e-commerce and commerce
platform in the world I mean this point
about the post office is well-taken
Amazon uses the US Post Office and the
u.s. post office the US taxpayer is
subsidized
Amazon's profits in an unhealthy way
that's got to end I don't think makes
any sense for the US Post Office the
American taxpayer to subsidize the
delivery cost for Amazon and the Cheryl
there's that's absolutely wrong I drop
on that
well the USPS is owned by the taxpayer
and subsidized by the taxpayer and they
have a natural monopoly on the last mile
for mail delivery so Amazon has a
special deal which is by the way secret
nobody knows what it is it's a special
deal that they lose money on every
package that's not a deal deal it needs
to be revisited well we don't know
because we're not allowed to see the
contract but the fact is that if if
somebody has a 50 pound bag of dog food
delivered it costs the same as if you
have a like a little tube of lipstick
delivered but I was talking about
correlation doesn't equal causation and
I want to show you like a little chart
based on this because I tweeted
correlation doesn't necessarily equal
causality but Max Keiser did leave New
York City in 1990 just saying I bring
this up because there was a chart London
versus New York murders notice the
murder rate in New York declined
precipitously from 1990 right when you
left I'm not saying that you're a
murderer or trying to suggest that you
could have been the cause of the high
murder rate in New York back in 1990 but
it did drop off once you left and you're
also saying that I was living in London
the murder rate went up it did so maybe
you just drive people crazy and this is
what is happening or you know actually
this was in a responsive story that
London murder rate did climb higher than
New York's for the first time in modern
history due to all the stabbings
it's worse than Limerick which of course
is known as stab City that's what some
people in Ireland told you when we went
there that's what they call it they said
I thought Limerick was all about cute
little leprechauns and almost you know
Limerick little poetry and everyone was
like carrying around a you know a nice
Guinness and singing songs to the
Blarney Stone but it turns out it's
freaking Stagg city so there's another
correlation causality story and we have
been claiming without any evidence for
the last few years here in Kaiser
sometimes I was you know appear right
away so we have been claiming without
any evidence for the last few years
right here on Kaiser report that the New
York Fed does leak information to the
big banks that they are supposed to
regulate even though they're made up by
executives from these big banks like the
likes of Jamie Dimon for example so they
why are these big banks so much more why
do they have an equity premium over
smaller banks well it turns out leaky
Fed new study uses taxi ride data to
show increase in visits when blackout
lifted and around FOMC meetings this is
a case of good data leak showing Fed
leaks and this is a new study out of the
University of Chicago but it's following
up on a 2016 study from sis elec Morse
and Vissing Jorgenson in 2016 they
presented evidence that the equity
premium of large banks has largely been
earned in the weeks of Federal Reserve
monetary policy meetings and drawing on
a corpus of anecdotes hypothesize that
unofficial Federal Reserve communication
around these meeting times is
responsible here this guy collected data
from yellow taxis here in New York City
and gathered that information and found
out that the yes there was an increase
especially around from midnight until
4:00 in the morning so they're like
meeting at like 2:00 in the morning down
with the Fed taxi rides from like
Midtown where a lot of these big banks
are down to the New York Fed right well
I would take exception with your
characterization that we've made these
claims without evidence because I New
York Fed is a place that I overlooked
from my office at Paine Webber and a
place where I lived next to when I was
living downtown on Fulton Street it's a
place where the bankers go had lunch to
Harry's at Hanover Square on Wall Street
where I worked for many years and
anecdotally my evidence suggested my
conversations that inside information
was being passed from the New York Fed
to bankers uptown that's what I said and
now this data point proves it based on
the taxi rides that congregate down at
the New York Fed at these odd hours the
day before information is released and
having an effect on banks it's inside
information without
site information the banks would have to
declare insolvency because they don't
know how to run a basic business Jamie
Dimon could run a lemonade stand Jamie
Dimon couldn't be a shoeshine boy if he
was required to because he is
financially illiterate he only knows how
to do is take inside information steal
information nickel and dime people to
death and to have outsize profits based
on a serial criminality that's it
other than that he's worthless yeah
there's no way to prove what they spoke
about but the data does show that
there's definitely an increase in visits
and lunches and unofficial lunches and
meetings between the New York Fed and
these banks who tend to then have a
greater return on their capital than
smaller banks regional banks and
investors that don't get access to the
Fed here's one chart that shows around
the dodd-frank act and this is the date
dodd-frank pass so you see there's a
statistical anomaly that anybody could
see just looking at it and again
correlation doesn't necessarily equal
causality why these big banks have
continued to get bigger and bigger but
we do know that the Federal Reserve the
Treasury and the US Department of
Justice have told us that they do stay
awake at night worried about these big
banks worried about Jamie Dimon worried
about a lloyd blankfein worried about
all these bankers and whether or not
they'll get their Christmas bonuses and
whether or not they might have to
incarcerate them should they be found to
be guilty of all the crimes that we
suggest they might that there might be a
lot of evidence for well Eric Holder
said that the banks couldn't be
prosecuted because they were systemic
Lee important to the system it's like
that old Woody Allen joke where he said
doctor my brother thinks he's a chicken
and the doctor says take these pills he
says no no we need the eggs so in other
words the system runs on fraud would
take away the fraud in American economy
would have collapse
Jamie Dimon is a serial financial
murderer that we need to keep banks
solvent without him an inside
information remember Timmy Geithner was
down there at the New York Fed during
the whole financial crisis just spooning
out inside information Lloyd Blankfein
of course got all that inside
information that they would be bailed
out before anyone else got that
information that they would be bailed
out
they went ahead and bought their own
stock which used to be a leave oh yeah
no it was Hank Paulson did apparently
allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly
warn a group of Goldman Sachs bankers I
think it was in a Moscow actually they
were on and some sort of junket and he
told them that they would be bailing out
Fannie Mae and Freddie came out in
testimony in front of Congress that's it
so facto you know you know you can draw
a conclusion based on facts empirical
evidence okay the thing about me in the
murder rate in New York and London
that's anecdotal that's you're using
data to paint if that's propaganda I'm
getting nothing to do with all that
stuff
don't look at don't listen to Stasi
about I'm innocent I'm innocent
well we have to take a break and when we
come back more good stuff welcome back
to the class report I'm Max Keiser time
now to turn to Ukrainian American
Valentina Lisitsa the Justin Bieber of
classical pianists welcome Valentina do
you like it to be here so the reason we
refer to you in this manner is because
you are the most viewed classical
pianist online on YouTube 170 million
views and Counting
you are a phenomenon you are a sensation
you are a classical pianist how did this
happen
it happened by accident I think because
I was like so many like thousands of
music classical musicians and over
graduate from music schools we have no
idea how to find our own audience and I
was putting my videos first videos on
YouTube in 2007 when there were no
classical videos there but I also had no
concepts I was sitting at home with
little baby and I didn't know whether I
should go to some like supermarket were
up packages there or do something with
my life something useful for society and
I put those videos on and somehow you
know they call it now viral send before
they didn't even know what it was but it
catched it started catching up with
people people started sharing it and
before I blink at my eye I became kind
of you know the most famous unknown
pianists because the basket where
you are playing you are playing you know
in major cities I said no I don't have
any concerts and my first egg breaks
through after YouTube was actually on
the stage of rural Alberta just couple
of years later and they honestly told me
when why do you not because how you play
but we want to see how the YouTube
viewership translates into people buying
tickets and it was total success you
know people many people came there of
course it's over 5,000 people capacity
it was broadcast on YouTube
worldwide so it was like the most tuned
in concept in classical music at that
point and people you know people for
first time they saw me walking from the
blue screen of computer on stage and
seeing me playing lives so that was very
special so for many people who followed
me it was an event it was not just
another concert and since that time no I
play everywhere I YouTube provided a
breakthrough mechanism for you you are
one of many piano players in the world
and trained in Ukraine is really sane
you do people start playing when you
were in three three years old so you're
in Kiev and you are and in Kiev in
Ukraine of course education there is you
are gonna be playing chess at one point
right you were gonna be a chess player
and a piano player and then you decided
to go first of all I wanted to point
something out now I've seen your videos
on YouTube and you know if I comment on
your fingers they look very long and now
in person of course they're they're
quite ordinary looking except for the
fact that is you say you have Arnold
Schwarzenegger like muscle muscles in
your fingers so yes I don't know if we
get a shot of this but this is like the
Arnold Arnold's bicep is Valentina's
well I don't even know what muscle that
is that's that muscle doesn't exist in
most people there is no muscle there you
have yes
right so you well now you attack that
piano and you are like you get the thing
you could just lift it up and play it on
that like behind your back like Prince
or something I could break some strings
definitely break some strength all right
so you were to get back to the
conversation here so you were
possibly gonna go to chess you were
possibly piano and so and then you kind
of went into into classical music it was
just was a detour in a way because you
know it GS is a spectator sport
used to be a nuisance are ukraine-russia
whatever and people watched it and I
wanted to play chess it was very
interesting because it was very very
much straightforward black and white you
know you beat your opponent with your
brains so the game is very violent but
it's brain while now in Russia they have
a sport called chess boxing where people
play a round of chess and then they do a
boxing round of boxing then they go and
play chess serious yes so it's a
combination of brains and brawn I think
think I'm also have thunk by Salaam when
people yeah so your music it breaks
through from this cluster of pianists
and so your talent to question us did
you make YouTube or did YouTube make you
in other words your talent was there the
platform came around and you burst forth
the knife created this huge following
with their music and but now YouTube of
course this is 2007
now here we aren't 2018 and the world
has become very political and YouTube
has been very political and YouTube is
in the business of de Monte platforming
people and de monetizing people and you
yourself have run into really a
political firestorm so tell us a little
bit about that Oh first of all you know
with YouTube with classical music at
least it's not yet a fact that in a way
on YouTube you know it's very much
straightforward you play classical
pieces you don't touch politics there
it's fine
but I already see even in classical
music just like in Oh arts you know you
take me I'm you know I'm a celebrity and
you know people constantly comment on
you know clueless celebrities who take
some course and they go around and
people mock and belittle them it's fine
you know yes I don't understand many
things with classical music I do know my
skills I do know what I do but even
recently on YouTube I perform at it
modern piece recently written just
recently by very nice young American
composer Stephen limbo and you know I
play music there are no yours are not
politics there it's called millennium
suite and then music industries there
are some people who come up with kind of
a review saying that it's actually
because you know his last name is limp I
think he's kind of for the way that was
really rushed on I don't even know
what's a relationship but they accuse
this composer it's pure guilt by
association
you know they accuse him of being you
know this Trump clique and when I play
it they also say that I support you know
this Trump clique or trout shake yes yes
but you know you go into arts you go
into composers of course you know now we
have political correctness if we apply
political correctness to all the art
first of all we have to get rid of many
classical stars obviously you know many
classical stars supported Hitler when
they linzer's so and we still listen to
their music we listen to carry on who
was it in assess it some blogger blogger
yes
some classical composers you don't want
to miss them as people personally when
you read their love so you're a musician
so now the political climate changes
your Ukrainian and Ukraine is very much
on the front line of a massive political
confrontation between east and west I
think it's fair to say and you know you
make comments that are immediately
politicized in a way that is enormous
and I want to make a point here so
because YouTube is there and you have
direct access to your audience it's very
different than you know I did a little
research here so going back in history
there was a woman named Ray Lev who was
a brilliant pianist he played many kind
concerts at Carnegie Hall sold-out
performances brilliant pianist she
signed a petition of one of many against
a war essentially an anti-war petition
she was immediately ostracized but at
least blacklisted her career when it was
during the McCarthy period
McCarthy asked the you know the American
Inquisition which was debunked thank
goodness at some point but were you I've
been similarly painted with a with a
brush of a politicization for making
obvious and innocent statements about
your country of your birth Ukraine but
unlike the experience of rail of you've
been able to punch through and to speak
directly to the audience through YouTube
is that how does that make you feel and
it's not going to do you think that you
would be able to continue to do that and
again YouTube or social media on YouTube
I was not talking politically I was
doing political things on Twitter but of
course all of this combines you know
Facebook Twitter but because we have no
those artificial borders in the first
Cold War the people who were on opposite
on the wrong side of the with their
views they were not heard and the rail
it is amazing musician she was she was
selling out Carnegie Hall concert but
she was also political and social
activist she played for American troops
for digitized establishment shut her
down and she disappeared and the cake
for classical music's so you busted
through those gatekeepers you busted
through the establishment you know I'm
sure if Beethoven was alive today he'd
be saying yeah
Valentina is doing the right thing she
that was the music is for the people yes
you know I'm that's why I'm lucky
because this woman she ended up she
committed suicide because she had no
concerts with this time this is 21st
century we have social media I broke
through I was able to get through but
also you know thanks for globalization I
am able to play yes I was banned from
concert in Toronto you know they didn't
let me play the Rachmaninoff concerto I
was not going on stage to speak about
politics I was going there to play mine
in the second concerto for goodness sake
they didn't allow me to do it but I can
play a Hawaiian of conservative
everywhere on the globe yes I can go to
Brazil I can go to Singapore I can go to
Korea I can go to any country and play
so I have this outlet and this woman did
not it's not just YouTube I mean you've
got you know hotel booking services
online you've got you've got the ability
to you know all social media apps you
can get on a plane you can go to any
country you can take cheap flights I
mean you're so you are a global presence
but so Toronto banned you from playing
and they ostensibly we're doing so
because for purely political reasons and
what was your response what did you do I
was engaged there as I realize it later
because I was Ukrainian not because how
I played in a way and that's always that
I fought because when I went on youtube
I went there not to become you know to
be another commodity musicians which are
thousands you know another blonde pretty
pianist who is playing piano I was there
to be myself and I would go to Toronto
to be myself these people first hired me
because it was good you know because
they hire like two years in advance
because it's good for Ukrainian
community when somebody told these
people you know she is not that kind
correct kind of Ukrainian I was at first
offered to play it sick and they would
put as I would hire somebody else I said
no I'm not going to do that because they
sold out completely the whole
and they were selling it out under my
name because people assume with people
bought tickets they thought they are
going to see me I said no I'm going to
do it they said no will use police to
prevent you from come to the rehearsal
and I went on Facebook and I wrote to my
friends and to everybody the bicycle is
suppose that went viral
I told them that I'm being prevented
from play and Rachmaninoff because what
I said in other place about my own
country about what I feel about my
government my country because I'm
Ukrainian an American citizen nobody yet
took away my Ukrainian citizenship all
right and so where did you play instead
everywhere else but actually half year
later I did go and play in Toronto in
different call and bigger hole I played
the recital and you know what this was
one of only two times in my life when I
got standing ovations before I played
because all these people came there in
support of free speech even if some of
them did not agree with what I said or
saber of different opinion they came to
support me and not only musician but my
right as a citizen as a private person
to say my opinion you know if you're
performing at your level and you're
expressing yourself at this level to try
to have you censor yourself is would
also cut into your ability to express
yourself musically in other words you
cannot split your being into two people
you are expressing yourself as an artist
and that that waterfall that torrent of
expression cannot be managed because you
know it's if there's always a sense when
art is on this level that is coming from
this very spiritual place and so there
you're just channeling yes that's a
parrot yes you know you're saying censor
me and channel the spirit either you're
gonna have a political spokesman or
you're gonna have a musician you can't
have a great musician anyway can you
stay for another segment because you
know I'm really getting into this okay
all right don't go stay right there it's
actually being on the console report all
right that's gonna do it for this
edition of the Kaiser report with me Max
Keiser and Stacy Herbert like to thank
our guest Valentina Lisitsa
if you want to
is on twitter it's Kaiser report until
next time bye y'all
