former intelligence officers have
launched a petition in support of Julian
Assange they want the Ecuadorian Embassy
where he's been staying since 2012 to
restore his internet connection the
letter was handed over by a former CIA
officer
soldiers online access was cut after he
wrote a series of tweets about the
separatist movement in Catalonia Ecuador
accused him of putting diplomatic
relations at risk John Kerry aku the
former officer who handed in the letter
told us Ecuador needs to stand up for
the person they're protecting when I
delivered the letter I thought that
maybe we had a chance and perhaps we
still do have a chance the Ecuadorian
government gave Julian Assange not just
Ecuadorian citizenship but an Ecuadorian
diplomatic passport and you know is that
how you treat your own citizens and your
own diplomats now if they had a problem
with something that Julian had tweeted
apparently they do have such a problem
then they should him I suppose in a way
commensurate with what it was that he
did he issued one tweet I think this is
going a little overboard in response
well Assange and WikiLeaks have been
behind the release of thousands of
confidential documents for over a decade
that's despite the whistleblower being
unable to lead the embassy in central
London as he would face charges in the
UK and possible extradition to the US
John Kerry argues says Ecuador is
refusing to buckle under pressure from
other countries you know this isn't a
one-sided thing I'm sure that the
Ecuadorian government is under great
pressure from the United States from the
United Kingdom perhaps from Sweden maybe
even Australia which is where Julian is
originally from so certainly there are
two sides to this I'm sure there's a lot
going on behind the scenes that we just
don't know we understand the background
to this case we also understand how
important transparency is and freedom of
speech and freedom of the press we
wanted the Ecuadorian government to know
that
