Donald Trump can be called any number of
things
good bad it all depends on which side
you're on
interestingly enough though it's Donald
Trump that keeps giving Donald Trump new
titles a globalist
is a person that wants the globe to do
well frankly not caring about our
country so much you know what I am I'm a
nationalist okay kind of obvious if you
think about it what with all this talk
of greatness walls and how special
exceptional Americans are it's going to
be only America first American people
first America's interests above all else
now if I may mr. president you seem to
be confused about what those words mean
it's right there in any dictionary
globalism a national policy of treating
the whole world as a proper sphere for
political influence a globalist is
someone who treats the entire world as a
playground making national decisions
which affect the international community
in simple terms globalism is when mr.
Trump tells South Korea meaning outside
America that they can't lift sanctions
their own sanctions on North Korea
without his permission they won't do it
without our approval they do nothing
without our approval and by the way you
wear sanctions which basically force
everyone to abide by them because of how
the dollar works by definition a
globalist venture you know where else is
globalist war invading other countries
the u.s. currently fighting in seven
wars
that's really really globalist as well
heck the United States military is one
of the most globalist organizations in
the world
it has bases in roughly every third
country one in three nations has a US
military base in it that isn't
nationalism
that's globalism I just want to see
Venezuela
straighten out regime that frankly could
be toppled very quickly by the military
regime change we're placing or helping
replace governments you just don't like
via arming local rebels to the teeth or
financing the opposition by sanctions
that's globalism glue bar lism suits
Trump's purposes to talk about globalism
as the enemy but you if you look at the
politics it's it's anything but
nationalist Trump's attitude to the
world as an individual is that he should
have complete sovereignty and that
includes sovereignty to abuse the
sovereignty of others you know he wants
America to be able to go and do business
wherever they want he wants to be able
to remove regimes that he doesn't like
he wants to act truly globally but in
the national interest as Donald Trump
himself conceives it here's a fun fact
the word globalism
it's modern meaning was first used to
describe US imperialism after the Second
World War the way the United States
which wasn't destroyed by the war like
Europe dominated in international trade
pushing its products its ideology its
politics on everyone
it could they called it American
globalism so hearing mr. Trump who
believes in returning America back to
its glory days say that he isn't a
globalist is like hearing the Pope say
with a straight face that really he
isn't Catholic
you
