an American photojournalist says he
feels betrayed by the FBI after he spent
seven months held by terrorists in Syria
he claims the FBI used him to track the
jihadists instead of trying to rescue
him al Qaeda paid off my Discover card
so apparently that's what it takes to
pull the FBI and they immediately
started to look at me as an enemy of the
state this the lead case agent Lindsay
Parodi she admitted this to me
but I'm sure after some time went by
they realized that it wasn't me and by
that point they were buying so many
laptops and tablets which created an
intelligence-gathering dream come true
for the FBI if they enter into if they
intercepted these laptops and tablets
which I know that they did and then
delivered them into the hands of al
Qaeda it did not really matter if I was
with them or not well I mean Muller was
gone by the time I discovered all this
James Comey he's basically he's a coward
he ignored me he ignored my emails he
ignored my message on Facebook Matt
shreya was attempting to cross the
Syrian border into Turkey when he was
captured by al-nusrah which was at that
time affiliated with al Qaeda he spent
months in different rebel-held prisons
in Aleppo then in 2013 he did manage to
escape becoming the first Westerner to
do so he's written a book about his
ordeal called the dawn prayer describing
the nightmare of his captivity
I arrived in Syria 18 days before my
abduction during that time I was
photographing the war from the Free
Syrian Army side I was the Air Force
intelligence and Carmel jebel which were
two of the most dangerous parts of
Aleppo at the time and on New Year's Eve
after I got the photographs I went there
for I was on my way out 45 minutes for
the Turkish border when I was abducted
by the all Nostra front how Qaeda in
Syria I didn't want anybody coming to
rescue me there was no way you can land
seals in the areas that I was in one
prison yes as it was out in the country
every other one was in Aleppo there's
just no way to fly Black Hawks low
enough where they're not gonna get shot
down so I I didn't want anybody coming
to get me but I did want them doing the
best that they could to keep me safe and
none of that was done
