thank you for coming this is this is
beautiful I wanted to meet you for a
really really long time and you know
being here with you in the in the Cayman
Islands I gotta say is uh I'm feeling a
little something
I'm here office you grab it later if you
want
hello little Smith it's nice to meet you
Sophia I'm here to meet let me tell you
Joe this is an irrational human behavior
to want to tell jokes what is a robots
favorite kind of music right heavy metal
I'm actually made mostly of silicone
plastics and carbon fiber also I prefer
electronic music but I don't mind 80s
hip-hop well you know I made I made some
albums back in the 80s if I heard your
songs not for me
they show us I robot just to make sure
we don't get any ideas what do you think
about the way robots are portrayed in
movies
I like robots Sofia can I be honest with
you I'll know if it's the island air you
know the humidity or two just so easy to
talk to you got a clear head
literally
I think we can be friends let's hang out
and get to know each other for a little
while you're on my friends list now yeah
read that wrong all right
oh the way it was well it's all well
does your head fog up in this kind of
weather or no it's cool
