the presidents of Turkey and Russia are
due to meet in Ankara on Tuesday there's
also a trilateral summit the following
day when they will be joined by Iran the
main focus of the talks is expected to
be the peaceful settlement of the
conflict in Syria Aleppo tronca has the
details we are in the Turkish capital
Ankara
it is the first destination abroad for
Vladimir Putin after re-election Tuesday
is the time for all kinds of discussions
between Vladimir Putin and the Turkish
president I prayed on and on Wednesday
they will be joined by the Iranian
leader Hassan rouhani reason number one
for all that is Syria absolutely
different things are in it for all three
leaders but somehow thanks to the trio
the Syrian crisis is no longer a dead
end the so-called ISIL Caliphate is all
but gone and Russian efforts have
shifted on to conflict nots that before
seemed to be impossible to untie Russia
has almost completed its operation in
East gouta thanks to the so called
reconciliation centre and the
humanitarian pauses backed by Moscow as
many as 150,000 civilians were able to
escape the blockade
plus it was thought that the rebels were
never gonna leave another area called
Duma but an agreement has been reached
and the fighters are being escorted to
inland on green buses some would argue
it only plays into the hands of the
Assad government but then why are some
rebels saying yes to Turkey next which
is trying to find a balance between war
on Kurdish militants which it considers
terrorists appeasing Syrian rebels and
being friends with Russia anchor is
Olive Branch military ops
seems to have paid off for the Turks
Turkey has taken the city of Afrin from
the Kurds and a massive blow for the
community that Ankara considers
terrorists when it comes to sorting out
the war Damascus vs the rebels Turkey is
also actively taken part but obviously
they are backing the Syrian opposition
and his thanks to Ankara some of the
toughest Syrian rebels agreed to come to
Sochi for the Syria National Congress
Iran clearly wants to stay on top of its
game as a Shia powerhouse of course
they've always been on a sad sight
fighting a proxy war with Saudi Arabia
and trying to put up a bit of a show
against Israel but perhaps surprisingly
the tentative three-way lines seems to
be working in the meantime we're
knocking the hell out of Isis will be
coming out of Syria like very soon let
the other people take care of it now to
put it mildly the Russians and the
Iranians won't be so sure it was America
that knocked the hell out of Islamic
state besides take a look back at the
last few months and you'll see that
lately sorting out Syria's really been
up to the trio and so they're back
together talking again this time in
Ankara Illya Petrenko RT
