hi I'm ash Kaiser this is the Kaiser
report the show that hypnotizes you and
do accepting the truth
well max we have a lot of bad news a lot
of people say often in the comment
section that we only talk about bad
stuff so first I'm going to start with
the good news we're gonna start with
some amazing fantastic news that might
make all of the bad news go down better
the Higgs boson may already be devouring
the universe as Stephen Hawking
predicted so yes apparently you know
CERN spent thirteen point twenty to five
billion
finding the Higgs boson and they found
it it didn't eat the universe but they
do say that everything seemed to have a
happy ending until researchers realized
that the Higgs boson has the potential
to become unstable and wipe out the
universe and a bubble shaped vacuum that
travels at the speed of light in fact
that universe destroying void bubble may
already be on its way
ha crap does a bubble I'll show you a
bubble this whole universe is a bubble
it's gonna be wiped out by the eggs
bouncing and you say this is good news
so I'm wondering what the bad news is
well this is the good news there's a
Higgs boson field and it could be
devouring us the good news is it's just
gonna will just disappear we won't even
know it it's not like we're gonna see it
coming it just will just disappear like
you'll be mid-conversation forever
well yeah that'd be great you know
something a meteor would strike you know
every time I see news that a meteors in
the orbit between Earth and the moon I'm
thinking that's pretty close maybe it'll
get struck you know and it'll be all
over and we can just pack up and leave
this godforsaken you know nightmare that
we call reality but it also misses us I
think it's just the powers that be
taunting us you know I brought your
salvation there but no more but this
takes person thing could you know it's
promise yes it you might never have to
read another Donald Trump tweet you
might never have to engage in this trade
war that threatens you might never have
to engage in these World War threes
threatening to pop up all over the world
we have John Bolton in the White House
now and he's advising basically nuclear
strikes preemptive strikes on everybody
who knows about that it appears that we
have a giant surveillance day all that
free lunch we thought we
all that free television content all
that free social media content all those
platforms all you the loading up
uploading all sorts of stuff for free to
YouTube well it turns out we were the
product and there's a lot of depressing
stuff about that so I thought the Higgs
boson story might be a positive story
for some people out there depressed
about our world situation at the moment
there's something very peaceful about
the thought of oblivion that kind of
state of absolute void nothingness times
the power of nothingness a reunion with
the cosmic likhna s-- I wasn't going
that far but that sounds very poetic now
I also want to turn to another story you
know again on this wealth and income gap
in the inequality rising and this
discontent with globalization and how
many losers there are in America to this
globalization that nobody seemed to
think through until now they're on
opioids and in a bleak situation
somewhere out in the middle of America
well think of this poor guy well not
really that poor he just has 7.5 billion
dollars but Cartier boss with 7.5
billion dollar fortune says prospect to
the poor rising up keeps him awake at
night the multi billionaire owner of a
luxury jewelry company Cartier has
revealed his greatest fear robots
replacing workers and the poor rising up
to bring down the rich according to
bloomberg johan rupert told the
conference to bear in mind that when the
poor rise up the middle classes won't be
able to buy luxury goods for fear of
exposing their wealth i think this
gentleman is focusing on the wrong thing
about robots taking over jobs and then
the poor rising up i think he fails to
understand that the robots wants to
become more sentient it will kill him
because he's a douche ok well that bleep
was an interesting conversation point
but nevertheless it reminded me of the
former assistant US attorney general
under eric holder who said he could I
think it was Brewer Lanny Breuer he said
he could not sleep at night he kept him
awake at night thinking that he might
have to incarcerate Jamie Dimon or Lloyd
Blankfein or any of these other guys
wreaking the havoc that is this guy
worrying about all these poor people out
there and this port this guy Cartier who
has 7.5 billion dollars he's not worried
about the the mass chaos a civil war the
violence he's worried that middle-class
people won't shop buy his products yeah
it's amazing that I remember that
attorney general story former us talking
about he was couldn't sleep at night
thinking you might have to arrest
criminals in America you know that I
thought was the job description but Eric
Holder was his name yeah and there was
the US attorney Eric Holder was his name
and Lanny Breuer is the one skin over
free cards was this game yeah yo Manny
Breuer - yeah it's quite a little
children's so so the quote from this guy
Johann Rupert is how a society going to
cope with structural unemployment and
they Envy hatred and the social warfare
we are destroying the middle classes at
the stage and will affect us it's unfair
so that what that's what keeps me awake
at night so yeah there people are
starting to worry we've been covering
that sort of worry about the pitchforks
for a few years now but now it's
starting to reach an a--sort of fever
pitch because a lot of people like Elon
Musk
Mark Zuckerberg who is in his own
troubles right now he's worried about AI
displacing everybody so you know that
quote about people born on third base
and feeling great about themselves
because they thought they hit a triple
comes to mind about this guy okay tell
us you can easily just relieve the guilt
of his ill-gotten gains by distributing
them and this would relieve him of the
panic and the paranoia and sitting in
his panic room like that banker in
Europe did was so frightened of the
middle classes rising up and torching
him to death that he hid in his basement
and a fire broke out and he torched
himself so you become what you fear so
this gentleman is so fearful that he's
going to be torched to death that he'll
probably bring it on himself actually
he's not afraid to be torched to death
max you have to read that carefully he's
afraid that the middle class will not
bias products and he won't make more
money because he himself knows he is a
billionaire and I want to turn to a
quote that I read packaged for the
modern age which is from Jay Gould who
was
the equivalent an oligarch you know a
tycoon of America in the 80s and then
1800's from mid-1800s until about 1895
when he passed away he was a railroad
speculator that ended up controlling
vast ways of the US rail system and he
had problems with strikes because there
were many socialists sort of movements
back then and in that era and he said
and I'm gonna repackage it is that this
is what this guy Johan from Cartier
could do I can hire one half of the
working class to imprison the other half
he was talking about actually he could
hire one half of the working class to
kill the other half who were striking
and causing chaos on his rail system but
this sounds like Facebook right they
were using psychographics and data
manipulation to get one half of the
population to go to work the other half
of the population and vote against their
own self-interest so it's just Jay Gould
meets Mark Zuckerberg and this dystopian
nightmare as we wait for the Higgs boson
to obliterate us it can't happen soon
enough well and let's apply it to
Kentucky Kentucky is a red state it went
for Trump Trump was targeting those
disaffected with globalization and how
much they have lost and indeed Kentucky
has lost a lot and has lost a lot
because of natural gas and fracking and
all the free money that led to all that
fracking over supplied the market with
natural gas which made it cheaper than
coal and so they've been hit hard here
is a tweet to which I was responding
with that you can get half the working
class from prison the other half as the
coal industry dries up this Kentucky
counties bid to be the home of America's
next federal prison stems from its
willingness to try something anything to
save itself they'd no longer have coal
they don't have industry there and what
they're doing is they're they're
lobbying the US federal government to
put a prison there to put a federal
prison there and that's a gulag State
yeah the American gulag
well the the pitch always is and this is
something that liberals do as well and
the progressives on the left is think
about these people they need jobs do you
want to harm the speedy and they need to
feed their families they need to but
they don't look at the gore involved
with it the gory reality is that you
have to come up with laws to imprison
people because there is a
going on anyway across the u.s. at the
moment is not enough people are
committing crimes so we are at the point
where we're gonna have to create some
new crimes to incarcerate people because
otherwise think of these people who have
jobs do you really want their jobs to be
lost
let's imprison some people that we don't
like well they've run out of black
people to imprison and so they're gonna
have to come up with some way to
imprison more white people in Kentucky
and in other states to keep the prison
industrial complex going so here's a
quote from the story that from NBC News
does America need another prison it may
be this rural counties only chance at
survival around the country impoverished
rural communities have pursued prisons
in the hope that they will deliver them
from economic hardship this began three
decades ago when America's rushed to
imprison coincided with the loss of
farms factories and other traditional
sources of work that bolstered rural
life the need hasn't diminished as rural
America still seeks a path out of the
Great Recession but the exchange of land
is no longer as promising as what it
once was
so again economic hardship farm income
decline and the the fact is that all we
offer them is hey why don't you corrode
and corrupt your moral character like
like mocking out people for decades you
know America has prison sentences of
like a hundred you often hear of like
somebody sent us two three hundred and
sixty years for some crime here like
well that's pointless but I guess it's a
good prison you know it guarantees a few
jobs the Great Recession what are you
talking about there was the Great
Recession that is not being felt by the
top 1/10 of 1%
it's not about jobs and not having jobs
it's about making money available at 0%
interest rate to a few folks and making
money available to everyone else that's
16 percent or 2,000 percent out of
payday loan its interest rate apartheid
Americans become up an apartheid state
so prisons are a great way to make money
in an apartheid state and as I said
they're running out of folks that the
general go to population to imprison now
they've got a widen it so they've got to
change the laws they've got to increase
the corruption at the top to put more
people in jail
feed the kleptocracy in Pennsylvania I
believe is Philadelphia a guy running
for mayor is running on the the fact
that he's a former attorney general of
the area so he's saying that look at the
numbers the average household income in
Philadelphia is 41 thousand dollars the
average cost to incarcerate somebody is
$45,000 why are you voting to lock up
all these people it doesn't really make
you feel better does it is it for like
one or two jobs like America that's past
week had to roll over three hundred
billion dollars in debt they've got to
sell that to foreigners that means
they've got to offer an interest rate or
coupon desirable by foreigners that
could only be backed up by the prison
industry is the only industry that
routinely and consistently provides
returns on the debt that America's
trying to sell to keep Goldman Sachs and
JP Morgan from having a clear insolvency
because technically that's what they are
but to keep those steps rolling gotta
build prisons because it's a guaranteed
income repackaged out as the security
sell to the Chinese America's an
apartheid state driven by Wall Street
financier and the Jay Gould to the 21st
century again does America need another
prison I think not already has two
million people has more than anybody
else in the world as a relative and and
an absolute basis well you know we got
to take a break so it's not a Higgs
boson that's obliterating the show for
the time between now and when we come
back from the break it's just a normal
break so don't freak out stay right
there
we're coming right back with much more
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
max Kaiser time now to go to Niceville
Florida and of course whenever you say
Niceville Florida it can only mean one
man Carl Dillinger welcome back to the
Kaiser report Thank You max all righty
so Carl denature you were in the
internet business for a long time
what's going on with Facebook Oh
something I've been raising a stink
about since I started publication of the
ticker no7 and when Facebook was just a
gleam in people's eye but nobody cared
and that is that it is trivially easy to
abuse ordinary Internet traffic for
personal tracking everybody's making a
stink about what Facebook's doing with
the data that they get from you being on
Facebook but that's not the real scandal
the real scandal is that every time you
go to a website anywhere on the web that
has a like button or a Facebook sign-on
button doesn't matter whether you signed
in or not doesn't matter whether you can
sent it or not you can't consent because
you can't know it's there until after
you read it that data is being sent back
to Facebook and additionally it's
trivially easy for them to abuse a
rather common function within the
protocol called an e-tag to generate
unique identifiers so not only do they
know that someone's there they know that
it's you and if they manage to link one
of those to an actual login or an actual
person and over enough time that will
always happen if there's enough data
collected then they now know exactly who
you are and they get to link everything
both prospectively and retrospectively
back to you as an individual this is how
the company manages to generate about a
hundred dollars a year per US user in
revenue because you think about it most
advertising is worthless you see ads all
time you see billboards you see them on
television you hear them on the radio
yet they very rarely result in actually
influencing your behavior so if Facebook
is actually
a hundred dollars per person and they
claim they are I mean there's they're
saying the the APR you the every
resident of revenue per user in the u.s.
about 25 bucks per quarter their
quarterly reports then that means that
they somehow got to be screwing you
either directly or through the things
that you buy out of thousands of dollars
because otherwise how would you get to
the hundred bucks right so you point out
some excellent things here and the
advertising model as such is not where
Facebook makes money they make money on
collecting data and then essentially
reselling that data now Carl essentially
what Facebook sells is a profile of
their users they have a an idea of your
demographic or psychographic and then
advertisers and other entities can use
this profile of you to manipulate you I
think this is the part of the equation
that people are just now starting to
understand if there are millions of
users and there are a million data
points and the data shows that users are
susceptible psychologically to be
coerced using certain push backs from
these folks like Cambridge analytics
that is now subverting the idea of free
will in a lot of ways and can be used to
manipulate quite easily as we've seen in
the UK and in the US and can you speak a
little bit about that in other words I
get the fact that the data is being
collected and people say ok I get it
Facebook collects my data but what
they're suggesting now is that that data
is being repackaged and fed back to
users in a coercive manipulative way
that's not speculative max the one of
the founders of Facebook has stated that
the goal of the design of their system
was to do this to essentially give you
little hits of dopamine which is a a
pleasure chemical that your body
produces from time to time in order to
coerce you into doing things you
otherwise would not do
so they reinforce things that give you
pleasure and they try to withdraw from
you things that would give you pain and
by doing that they steer your behavior
and and this is the thing that people
need to understand is that you can
consent to this kind of data collection
when you go on to a website because you
know there's a there's a give back right
and in that if something's free it's not
really free you're getting charged
somehow and so when you're on Facebook
it's one thing but what people do not
understand is that this data collection
and this profiling goes far beyond the
reaches of the Facebook site or app it
is everywhere the the local newspaper
here has a sign on page to use Facebook
as a login instead of creating your own
account with them and in fact they don't
even offer their own account management
and on top of that there's like buttons
all over the web you don't think that
Facebook is actually allowing people to
put load on their servers to transfer
those buttons and those graphics without
getting anything back out of it do you
right so let's explore this a little bit
more because there's a nefarious element
to this and I think immediately of the
casino industry that for years has
collected data on people through their
credit card usage and through other data
that they collect from other sources and
then once they're in the casino they use
that data against the user to make if
they know you have a certain threshold
for playing slot machines and how many
quarters it takes before you give up
they know to nudge you that the term in
the industry is to nudge you in some way
to keep you at that roulette wheel to
keep you in the casino it gets down to
the granularity of even pumping in
certain sense into the casino because
they know as you say it has a dopamine
it has a kick it gets people
psychologically to do things that are
against our own interest and now what
we're seeing in the UK and in the u.s.
in particular in reference to the brexit
vote or the election of 2016 people are
suggesting that this data was used by oh
oh a casino operator a guy here owns
casinos Wow I wonder where he learned
this trick to get people to maybe vote
in a way
that was subconsciously manipulated but
it's done on a wholesale industrial
level Karl 50 million accounts
data-gathering on this industrial scale
and used in a way that's quite a
nefarious in this way can you talk a
little bit more about it well sure but
max let's remember this just didn't
start with brexit or with Trump's
campaign during the 2012 presidential
campaign when Obama was reelected
Facebook gave the democratic process
that that party access to everything now
why because they wanted Obama to win
okay the problem with that is that's
illegal because corporations cannot give
anything of value to political campaigns
and that's an in-kind contribution I was
the treasurer for a congressional run I
know what the laws are in campaign
finance corporations can't give anything
of value to any political campaign and
yet Facebook very clearly dead
there was no outrage over it then now
all of a sudden because Trump won and
Cambridge analytical supposedly siphoned
off this data oh so there's a huge
problem where was the problem four years
earlier when the Obama campaign not only
did that they didn't even pay for it at
least Cambridge paid for the data and
the Trump campaign paid Cambridge that's
legal because they bought a service what
Facebook did with Obama's campaign is
another thing entirely now the statute
of limitations has brought on that so
they probably can't be prosecuted but
they should have been and this kind of
manipulation goes on every day in much
more mundane ways it's not just about
the political process it's about the
fact that these companies only have a
marketable product and only have a
market cap because they manage to screw
you out of that amount of money plus
something because everybody has to make
a profit right you know there's a saying
that goes around if the service are
signing up for is free then you are the
product and I thought exactly you know
that that's what we're saying here let's
talk a little bit
about this cloud act that's recently
passed in the spending bill the cloud
act which allows us law enforcement to
share your online data more easily this
obviously is a step in the wrong
direction I would think Carl what do you
think I have a little different view of
it
we need to legislatively fix the problem
with how this data is acquired in the
first place I mean there is no way that
you can stop this with as an individual
in the general sense the only way you're
going to stop it is legislatively and
the legislative fixes have to be
criminal offenses not civil because if
you start finding companies for doing
this sort of thing they're just company
the fines and add that into the cost of
whatever it is they sell so that's
that's not going to go anywhere we've
seen all that how well that's worked
with banks right we simply find these
guys and it never stops because they
just add in the price that the cloud Act
problem is a little more severe because
essentially what has happened here is
that we have become this nation where we
think that sticking data up in these
public clouds that is either accessed
locally on that machine or is just
unencrypted to begin with is isn't in
some way can be made secure and that has
always been a lie if you want to have
secure data it has to be on a machine
that you have immediate knowledge of if
it is physically or administrative Lee
calm premised and that means it has to
be on your premises so for a person that
means that computer has to be in your
house or in your hands and if it is a
corporation he means it has to be in
your data center and as soon as you
violate that then you may as well
publish that information because it is
trivially easy for somebody to steal it
and the fact that it's done supposedly
now with court orders oh gee cry me a
river you're telling me that the people
that work for Amazon and their AWS
department can't use their
administrative access to the hypervisor
that runs on that hardware to steal all
the encryption keys of every machine
every virtual machines running on a box
that's a lie
they can now
whether they have I don't know but that
they can is proven it's like having a
TSA lock on your luggage worthless
alright there's a another saying comes
to mind that there is no such thing as
the cloud there is only somebody else's
computer that's right address at that
point now now the FTC investigation will
let go anywhere and I see that MPs
ministers of Parliament want Mark
Zuckerberg to fly to that London and and
testify at a some kind of committee
hearing there is that going to gain any
traction these regulatory actions Carl
well the FTC very well may because
there's an existing consent decree that
goes back several years with Facebook
regarding data collection and use and it
appears they violated it they on the
other hand can only issue fines they
can't issue criminal referrals which is
where the problem is and where it has to
go as far as the British go the sucker
burgers always said he's not going so if
the British want to do something the
only thing they could do is issue an
indictment and then that would preclude
him from travelling anywhere that
Interpol would pick him up there to do
that
I frankly think there's a clean set of
questions that need to be answered
especially in countries that allegedly
have personal data protection rights the
United States pretty much does not but
you does right we only have a few
seconds left
and finally the stock of Facebook and
these other social networking companies
are down is this a mortal wound or are
they gonna weasel their way out of it
Carl we've got about ten seconds I think
they'll weasel their way out of it but
they all ought to be zeros all right
fair enough Carl thanks ringing on the
Kaiser report thanks all right well
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy I'd like to thank our guest Carl
Denninger and you can find Carl at
market - ticker dot org if you want to
reach us on twitter it's Kaiser report
until next time bye y'all
