supporters of Catalan independence have
been protesting in Berlin demanding the
sack leader of Catalonia be released
from custody in Germany carlos
bustamante rested more than a week ago
by german police he's facing extradition
to Spain where he's wanted for rebellion
and sedition after last October's
independence referendum people from
across Germany were joined by Catalan
politicians at the rally in Berlin
they're demanding the release of what
they see as political prisoners
following a crackdown on the separatist
movement by Madrid activists of the
protest when are the only people backing
the former head of Catalonia -
politicians from Germany's left party
went to visit puts de menthe in prison
and also interviewed him the message he
had for his supporters was to not give
up we are not criminals
we won elections twice we have to
continue the way we are defending our
rights rights that are recognized by the
UN as we have the total right to decide
our future a live reaction from the
German Left Party member martin dolt sir
thanks for joining us on our tea can you
tell me why the Left parties throwing
its support behind Carlos which Daman
it's a Spanish and Catalan matter isn't
it not a German one oh I think it's an
international matter because you see
there's a problem in Spain and between
the Catalonian movement and the
Catalonian representants and the Spanish
government and mr. Putin wall is now
arrested in Germany before he went to
Europe to find the kind of political a
student and to my mind and to the mind
of my party a dialogue is necessary to
solve the problem which is in Catalan in
the cattle inside the Catalan site like
Monsieur butcher more and the other
politicians of the elected parties there
of the majority parties there and Tenma
tsukamoto president several times gave
the offer to the Spanish government and
to the king to solve the whole problem
in a dialogue and so I think the
international states and the German
government
well this was in responsibility to find
a way that these different actors can
negotiate instead of criminalize this
movement as well as I mentioned to
members of your party went to visit
Carlos which Dammam in custody what was
the thinking behind that move why get so
actively involved beyond just general
support it was attracting nasty
schambach deputy and Parliament and Teta
team and they both went to him just to
talk to him we are not come confirmed
with all the positions of the mr. food
stable all the movement there but he
don't like if one political actor in the
European country is criminalized due to
a law which is very rigid and which was
developed in the frankest area you see
the movement there they decided to make
a referendum and they decided to have a
dialogue with the Spanish government and
the Spanish government denied the
dialogue and started to criminalize the
opposition police was attacking
protesters very brutally and Monsieur
would stir more as a political actor you
mustn't be in the same political line
than him but we cling to human rights
and we cling to the law international
law but the law in Spain as well and
there would have been possibilities to
find a dialogue and the dialogue wasn't
searched by the Spanish government so
that's why we say there should be a
different way than criminalization there
should be dialogue and real solution of
the problem like now it's going into a
debt and then we think that is not
really the way we should end that
problem okay then in which case finally
which way do you see this moving for the
people of Catalonia will this arrest and
most likely extradition galvanize that
movement because when it came to the
independence referendum last autumn and
afterwards Catalans feel pretty split on
the independence movement don't they so
where we are now with mr. puts them on
facing extradition which way do you see
this moving that
yeah I think there is different points
and aspects with which are important to
be seen if you want to bring the
situation to a proper solution first as
the European Union and the German
leadership bring the southern European
countries into a crisis over exporting
German economic resources and the other
countries around the crisis that's why
we have a crisis in Spain elsewhere then
we have the crisis that cut irune the
Catalan people since a long time they
have independent movements and the
Spanish government has to handle tests
to handle it proper when we see in
history for example in 1939 the German
government at that time already gave
representant of the Catalan Monsieur
Luis companies eyes over to the Spanish
government and they afterwards killed
him so we think it's not the same
historical situation that we are in most
historical responsibility and we have to
see that now maybe it would be better to
see the Spanish legislation gives the
right to to imprison mr. Putin more but
there is no equivalent in Germany so
Germany should assure them to deport him
to Spain and to cut a loop people they
will not give up fighting for their
rights I don't know whether it is good
or not
if Catalunya and Spain separate that's
their issue I don't want to intervene
there that there should be a process of
negotiation and dialogue otherwise there
will be a dead end
and no one will give up so if there's no
dialogue there is just violence and the
Spanish government has a responsibility
like the German - yeah a lot of
Europeans watching how this pans out in
the coming days and weeks though for now
though Martin dolt sir from the Hamburg
Parliament and member of the German Left
Party thanks very much for your time on
RT this evening thank you
