hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
Trump says he wants to get out of Syria
apparently not everyone in his
administration got that memo also the
latest twists and turns in the alleged
poisoning controversy in the UK and RT
is again being targeted
Krauss sucking some real news i'm joined
by my guest mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have Victrola Levesque
he is a political analyst as well as a
leading expert at the Centre for actual
politics and we have Dimitri Babak he is
a political analyst with Sputnik
international alright gentlemen as
always crosstalk rules in effect that
means he can jump in in it in time any
time you want and I always appreciate it
let me go to you first here we have
president Donald Trump saying that it's
essentially time for the United States
to get out of Syria kind of harkening
back to the old campaign days but
apparently as I've said in my
introduction not everybody got that memo
in the administration what's going on
here will be coming out of Syria like
very soon let the other people take care
of it now
we got to get back to our country where
we belong where we want to be see that
was that was the Trump that I remember
from the campaign that people voted for
- well yeah I don't know if they voted
on Syria and foreign policy but that
that is what his foreign policy platform
was at the time now this was immediately
met across the press led by the
Washington Post the New York Times but
even from people within his own
administration immediately trying to
walk that back right there they're like
did you check that in with Mad Dog did
Mad Dog approve that and that message
mr. Trump tell us about his
administration though because there
doesn't seem to be any coordinated
policy there seems to be no timeline as
well so I mean is this you know
something that Trump just says because
it was like at a rally okay to energize
the base because this is a kind of a
test of who's running foreign policy
Victor read my lips no new taxes George
Bush Senior during the Republican
convention one of the first things he
did as president was he raised taxes for
the American taxpayers politicians say
do not have sexual
and to put it you know very shortly we
should what Trump did was he said
something that was not true the United
States is not planning to get out of
Syria very soon or soon or in a long
term perspective the United States plans
to stay in Syria as long as possible
even if the President of the United
States doesn't agree Dima doesn't say so
but me the reason reason we're doing
this because I think it's a litmus test
if there's a real disconnect in words
and in policy and apparently there is
Dina well basically I was asked to
comment on this by Al Jazeera and they
told me it's not like in Russia where
the president says something he means it
it's a democratic country you know yes
the GEEP state but the idea which Iran
said and according to that ideology the
United States and they you should never
never make concessions they cannot
retreat the problem with this ideology
it can only move forward it can only
attack we cannot retreat one of the
interesting things mark we have john
bolton coming in and i think we all know
of his long history of blunders and
failed policies but he is a big booster
for interventionism I mean he
essentially is associated with it you'll
want to stay in Syria so on day one
North Korea and Syria are going to be on
the table here here's and they say they
agree on a lot of things actually think
they disagree on a lot of things yeah
yeah I think John Bolton probably did a
facepalm moment when he heard Trump say
this and in question exactly what he was
walking into the the one of the lines
out of The Associated Press story on
this was alarm bells went out off across
the State Department and the Pentagon
again showing that that Trump is
obviously not on the same foreign policy
and military page in the pages of the
Washington Post are our favorite neocon
Josh Rogin you know that the mouthpiece
whenever the security state wants to say
something he wrote an article under the
title in Syria we took the oil now Trump
wants to give it to
not to the Syrian government but to Iran
this is the specter we've long talked
about this other neo-cons tried to shift
the goalposts with trump to raise the
specter of Iran because of the the hard
ministration this is what's gonna happen
this is what's gonna happen is it you
know because apparently Trump and Bolton
are on the same page when it comes to
Iran this is how he's going to convince
Trump his Syria policy has to be an
extension of the policy on Iran that's
how it's gonna play out of course but
it's hard to be that trumps words were
were sincere to start with he probably
did not mean one single word of what he
said about getting out of Syria very
soon he has proved himself to be a
president who says promises a lot makes
a lot of browser delivery yes have very
little to do with reality or with even
wanting to do that why he does that
sometimes bluffing sometimes believing
that that the increases the
effectiveness I tend to agree with you
but the problem with that is that we do
at least at this point in time we have
these negotiations coming up with North
Korea and South Korea if this if they
could North Koreans are seeing this kind
of bluster coming out of Trump how are
they going to trust any kind of deal
making a deal with the Americans is hard
enough let me remind us all that the
American Constitution says that the
president determines the foreign policy
so if the United States had been wrong
or when it applies but it has something
to do with Russia these days the
president doesn't but on many issues as
we see now you know the United States is
not ruled by the elected president it is
ruled by an unelected ideology and and
with North Korea it's the same as with
with the Middle East you know the United
States took a belligerent line there
that are going to be the military
exercises are started right now in South
Korea the aim is to forget all the
symbolic achievements of a joint team at
the Olympic Games or the first visit by
the Egyptians to Korea to China the
rapprochement the the you know in the
face of it they
these new exercises okay we're gonna
keep an eye on that I want to go to this
poisoning case in the in the UK it's
falling apart the official line is
falling apart mark I don't see that all
it's we've just had an Easter miracle oh
yeah we should call this miracle we have
a nova Chuck this is a word created by
the West that has nothing to do with the
supposed and Soviet program right this
this supposed nerve agent ten times more
powerful than VX that's what we're told
right so far out of the three supposed
victims of it we've got a cop out
walking the streets just fine talking to
the press and then the double agent the
British spies daughter evidently oculus
social media we had a headline in The
Telegraph right one day it was poisoned
Russian spy and daughter should be
allowed to die says friend 36 hours
later in The Telegraph Russian spies
daughter is conscious and talking nearly
a month after capacity that's what I
call a seasonally appropriate
resurrection hippest guy that's what I
call the seasonally appropriate is a
resurrection but it's not the only
strange thing about this poisoning let
me just give you all the versions that
they had before that mr. skipper and his
daughter were sprayed by a passerby that
they were contaminated from a drone that
someone has inserted this this poison in
his car no there was a smear door well
now we have this meal now we have this
piece and the do they removed it so we
have no way to know where it was mere
drop from the outside from the inside
someone someone familiar to this creep
ah this is the interesting thing about
this door theory right because
supposedly this is a contact nerve
poison and some type of liquid or powder
form on the door they touched it they
supposedly left the house at nine
o'clock in the morning and didn't
collapse in the park until four o'clock
so this is a
a nerve agent ten times more powerful
than VX that somehow has a seven-hour
onset timing and then you recover after
a month would evidently no ill effect
but the damage has been done and the
intention of this has been played out
exactly actually for what mark and that
meeting said it becomes very obvious why
the British denied Russian authorities
members of Russian of the Russian
consulate access to these Russian
citizens Yulia escrito is a Russian
citizen and by any you know by
international law they had to give
access why wouldn't they want to have
give them access because they really we
don't know what really happened to
scrape on his daughter or if anything at
all happened to them anything at all
exactly so but maybe it was bad sushi
who knows
or maybe it was something else that the
British and they may express to them or
didn't pass to them maybe nothing
happened at all to them we don't know
there is no evidence presented anywhere
but as you correctly pointed out what
matters today is perception not reality
and the perception is created by the
massive anti Russian propaganda rusa
phobic propaganda in British European
State Department saying well we just
will go we'll take the word of our
British going in today the atmosphere is
such that you could accuse Russia and
Russians of any possible crime of any
possible violation and unfortunately the
majority of people in the majority the
media I don't think a lot of people are
buying in just real quick well I think
it's just like the arson of Reichstag
it's still not clear who did it you know
the Dutch radicals aided by the Jews as
Hitler said or he do it himself the
consequences are so terrible that people
now are not even caring about what
really happened with the drive stock in
February in 1933 in the same way here
their attitude is like let's move on
okay forget about the door the Russians
expelled 60 American diplomats they're
destroying our relations well you sent a
really talk about we're gonna talk about
that in the next firing 30 seconds for
people we're going to break yeah hello
not are talking about
yeah she says is a beast from the deep
sea that's this obviously a big fan of
HP Lovecraft doesn't own arm Jerry
Latasha has lots of tentacles there's a
long history times communist times the
Nazis and so on I have only this to say
to Heather
fanaa got Malaga Natha Cthulhu rila waa
Naugle Fatah game in his house a tryla
dead Cthulhu sleeps waits dreaming okay
on that point we're gonna go to a short
break and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on some real
news state welcome back to crosstalk
where all things are considered I'm
Peter Lebel to remind you we're
discussing some real news
okay gentlemen let's switch gears here
right you know we have we live in the
age of something gate okay so I guess we
have two for tat gate in the United
States based on what the British claim
we previously talked about in the first
part of the program about this alleged
poisoning the United States has expelled
Newton probably the largest expulsion of
diplomats I think on record here and
they also expelled Russians from the
United Nations mission which is from
what I understand is against
international law where's this why
Victor and where's it going
well first of all the the American
action in exposing 48 Russian diplomats
from Russian embassies in towns and
castles in the US and 12 Russian
diplomats from the Russian mission to
the United Nations was prepared before
the script incident happened in Britain
also there is evidence that members of
the State Department Crisis Center and
members of the British Department of the
State Department traveled to Russia
before the script Bach is crippled
incident actually happened and visited
had talks with American diplomats in
Moscow that is evidence of premeditation
of that this is a clear provocation that
was that was coordinated with in London
and Washington now as far as directions
what drives them so we see that we are
in a new Cold War effects while we are
in the new Cold War with the with the
United States what are they trying to
accomplish with us first of all they
want to consolidate the European nations
around them and of course Britain as
America's main you know closest ally
especially really a country that the
United States frequently uses to impose
its policies on other European states
but at the same time you know this this
I agree I think you know consolidating
the the North Atlantic Alliance is
really important because it's fraying
okay there's so much going on
domestically in the EU domestically in
the UK like failed Briggs it in the
European Union you have countries like
Poland and hung
that are pushing back against the this
this post modernist image of what the
European Union should be and then of
course you have blame Russia for
everything that's the Democrats and
liberals have failed at in the United
States you see what happened here with
some countries like Bulgaria like
Ireland Austria so the name they try to
to not take these measures but some of
them were forced to so you see but you
think the issue was to show the North
Atlantic unity but mark it didn't
actually show that it's actually showed
the opposite yeah I mean that they tried
to twist and pull but obviously there
were at least a handful I think you're
right that there's a domestic element
particularly for the United Kingdom
behind all of this and that's
distraction from brexit and trying to
take down the left Labour Party leader
Jeremy Corbyn at the same time there is
a British comedy skit a show they aired
30 years ago
yes Prime Minister that has a a skit
that seems almost to foretell this
exactly and it goes along that one of
the Prime Minister aides says to him we
should give them a story like what start
a war that sort of thing well they
decide O'War is too much why don't you
expel 76 so bleeped Soviet diplomats
that has been our practice when we wish
to ensure the press loses interest in
something a great headline for you
government cracks down on red spy ring
very patriotic it must be a story that
nobody can disprove and which will be
believed even if it's denied could not
we'll make sure we get me the link at
the bottom of this so for everyone to
see go ahead you well how does the New
York Times report on all of this what
are their findings they found out let me
quote an article written by their
veterans by Peter Baker and Steve 11j
the US has found
doubt that a year of attempting to
cooperate with Russia had not yielded
much success which year of attempting to
cooperate burning the Russian flag at
the Olympic Games accusing Russia of
Putin mr. Trump in place great collusion
you know now Trump is experienced 60
Russian diplomats that's a great agent
you know Russia made brags it possible
it wasn't such a result which has as a
result of the brexit Boris Johnson is in
power in in the UK and resume excellent
XH excellent agent so I just feel peachy
you know it really hurts me that the
old-timers you know people like Steve
Avenger who had the courage to
contradict the official line in the US
on the Kosovo thing you know on the
invasion of Yugoslavia he is now writing
this nonsense about a year of attempting
to cooperate with Russia it's it's
simply that the those that want to stay
in the American mainstream media they
have to total the line they have to say
these things
the understand is not just us
I talk to European politicians lawmakers
they understand they understand that the
script Bacchus is a provocation but of
course many of them simply cannot say it
they cannot say it because if they do
say it they will immediately be accused
of being unpatriotic they will
immediately be accused of being traitors
and they will political position so they
say what they have to say that this this
provocation has nothing to do with
reality that Russia has nothing to do
with this caper face is obvious to
almost then this is one of the best
examples I can think of where the the
real casualty here mark is the truth the
Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov he said
that privately particularly European
leaders are apologizing to him for
what's going on they say yeah well we
know this is all essentially FanDuel
some kind of hoax then it's but the
Americans are forcing it to us we don't
have a choice in the matter
there is no sovereignty
a little bit against this because that's
what the Russian public also wants to
believe you know in the Russian
newspapers they write that Merkel sent
out the Russian diplomats because she
bought to pressure from the UK Germany
is two times big economic earlier than
the UK I don't buy that I don't know I
think she sees her political career on
the line and she is tearing a page from
the the Liberals in the USA this
actually works okay and I think they
weaponized this really really important
I want to talk about is that RT is being
targeted again in the US and when it was
a force to become register as a foreign
agent at the end of last year they were
RT was promised that its operations
would not be hindered but with this
appellation but it's not true it's
happening picture yes we started this
program with Trump's words about Syria
which are not true the words about fair
and not affecting our T's future are not
true the words about the coming summit
between Trump and the North Korean
leader mean we may likely not be true
also and it was pretty obvious from the
start that the reason that they tried
they decided to use fair against RT was
to to try to shut it down to hinder its
operations to hinder its ex makers
people's access to to RT the American
government is not moving restrictions on
freedom of you do not want American
people to have access to alternative
sources of information so they're on
they're on the wrong side of history go
ahead well I mean we keep hearing it
from the United States from the EU we
need to maintain dialogue with Russia
what sort of dialogue surrender or else
that's the kind of dialogue that they
have ultimate they don't want to hear
the other voice that's why they are
basically prohibiting their tea
basically silencing it at least in the
Washington region this is the kind of
dialogue that they want to have I talked
to you and
you listen this is the kind of dialogue
that they want to have in this situation
you know Emmanuel macron is going to
visit Moscow and he expels the Russian
diplomats simply because something
happened in the UK something that looks
very much like a provocation now France
is helping the UK to investigate this
but but Russia is part of this
International Convention on chemical
weapons it has a legal right to be
involved in that but it the French now
are not involved in it the event but
they're involved in the investigations
it doesn't make any sense just imagine
what would happen if a British citizen
was poisoned by some substance in Russia
and the British diplomats would not be
allowed even to visit him or her even to
have a if she can't talk you know if you
lay a scrip out and talk you know say a
few words with her that would not be
possible you know there would be an
outcry they would view it as a call now
if your relative from Russia Victoria
Kripa actually traveled to Great Britain
to see her and the British authorities
now said that they will think about
letting her see her close relative and
another lie by the way is what was said
by the State Department about the
expelled Russian diplomats that Russia
can replace them what we have seen over
the past year is that despite these
claims by the State Department when when
visas are being asked for the diplomats
when they cannot get accreditation so
they simply say oh yes you can replace
them but we won't give you the yeah
Heather now are your State Department
spokesman against you made it quite
clear that if Russians want to improve
relations what they have to do first is
acknowledge responsibility for the
attack confess confess our narrative
right and then you know they're scared I
mean this whole thing with our tea and
anything they they they questioned our
teas slogan that that question more
means that they're just trying to
confuse the truth which of course the
awful
the other episode out the other side of
that of course is the assumption that
what they're telling you you know
remember the Iraq war the destruction of
Libya so and so on is the complete
unvarnished objective truth eNOS and and
frankly I just know it when it gets down
to is really unfortunate is that it's
our T against the Ministry of Truth
that's what it's getting down the demons
absolutely right the the biggest problem
we face right now in journalism is there
is no dialogue no dialogue is permitted
if there's dialogue that means you're
committing appeasement and appeasement
is saturation they they just say that
you don't qualify to be a joiner yes
before the Tenten and and and we are
getting back into them we have a
dialogue during the Cold War gentlemen
we had treaty sign and arms control in
here many thanks my guess here in Moscow
this is the end of our broadcast segment
stay with us for the extended version on
our youtube channel see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
now for the extended version of our
program we talk political potpourri lark
here on deck
Saudi Arabia it's a big one big shot the
the incoming brat Prince Mohammed bin
Salman has but had been on a coming out
goodwill tour of the United States
he's meeting it has the backing of the
better the the highest paid think tanks
in Washington not only that but he's got
a propaganda magazine it's being printed
by the same publishing house that does
Trump's printing so I have it's rarely
that you see such obsequious propaganda
and butt-kissing coming out of the
Western press I mean you would think
that Mohammed bin Salman mostly because
he's interested in in privatizing
neoliberal izing some of the Saudi oil
assets which they want to get their in
their hands and you would think he's the
the the second coming of Christ it's
it's truly astounding what you're
reading he's meeting with the head of
Goldman Sachs the head of both political
parties tech giants face back eight by
AIPAC right what they're not mentioning
or they're keeping very quiet during all
of this is that he did it an extended
interview with The Washington Post and
during this interview he got off the
track as it were into an interesting
topic where he admitted that during the
Cold War
Saudi Arabia spread Wahhabism through
the world right you know that the same
radical hateful fundamentalist version
of Islam the real problem of terrorism
in the world today it's not Islam it's
Wahhabism in particular that that has
has led to al Qaeda and the ISIS and all
of these other groups and what's going
on in Syria
he said that Saudi Arabia did this at
the request of its Western Allies it
goes back to Afghanistan order to make
Afghans in order to counter you know
communism in order to count their Soviet
influence and this is more blowback when
you let this these hype these forces
loose and you give them backing and
funding you can never sell them Saudi
Arabia says they've got control of it
now you don't have to worry the Saudi
government isn't doing it anymore
they've privatized it out to foundations
ation of terrorism notice the dialectic
where the United States at the same time
can support women's rights around the
world and give money to that and at the
same time have a great relationship with
the Wahhabi power that preaches
something quite because you know that
would be more of a real realism approach
okay we like him because he supports us
okay
it's it be indifferent to their values
they're different than ours but they
he's a supporter I mean again we
disagreed on John Bolton last week but
that's what John Bolton is all about you
know he believes in the military first
he doesn't care about democracy he
doesn't he doesn't wrap it up and make
it all sweet and cuddly and soft as a
member of the military let me say John
Bolton doesn't care at all about the men
and women serving in the military I can
see it on that point go ahead well I
mean I'm glad Marc brought up the issue
of the Saudi prince you know the problem
with him is not just that women are not
allowed many things in Saudi Arabia the
problem is that they're killing
thousands of Yemenis Yemen is in the
midst of a humanitarian catastrophe
it has been under blockade since autumn
you know this Saudi prince took hostage
the Lebanese Prime Minister
South Korea it kept him several we kept
he kept is his own oligarchs and he is
not a dictator and he's no Thomas
Friedman from the New York Times is
beating his hopes on him sitting in his
wigwam or something for for the whole
night but but Thomas Friedman would not
sit in the same week one with Muammar
Qaddafi and of course acid is a terrible
dictator even though he never took the
Lebanese Prime Minister hostage he might
put pressure on on Lebanon because the
evidence formed the same category the
serious he didn't think about these tech
companies with Thomas Friedman
everything he's written has probably
been saved okay because I you know I
hope okay because when a shameful
shameful actor in the 25 years wave you
would even remember who Thomas Friedman
was it's he writes a lot
he's very prolific but the quality and
because everything he's a good if there
is such a thing as impunity in
journalism Thomas Friedman will be
remembered for that just like many other
people who are now writing like Mark
Gary Ooty who who wrote there's not a
surgeon has closed the red lines that's
why this expulsion of diplomats is
justified because this is the only
language like you brought up that you
know I wanna ask all of you are there
any serious people in media today they
talk about these things particularly
about what about Russia I every way I
have a hard time finding really theory
and I mean intellectually challenging
something that would make meeting that
would be something different than I
would agree with but at least I can
understand how they got there without
just blind prejudice if you are in the
mainstream media in the United States
and and in Europe today if you get if
you get out of the line that's preached
by the authorities on Russia you are not
going to work there at all
anymore that's why they keep to the line
they stick to the line they understand
that it's not just going to be the end
of their career in that particular
magazine or in that particular channel
yes exactly they will be taken out of
the profession completely they will have
to go and stock shelves in a bookstore
or go and do something else but as
journalists they will be over and that's
a very serious pressure point where they
keep these they can keep these
journalists in line well not only out of
profession julian assange this this week
was taken to serve out of Internet not
only out of profession but out reason
he's been banned from the internet used
by the government the new government of
Ecuador that he is asylum because he's
under siege by Britain what's one to
make any kind of home goes full circle I
mean you have freedom of speech as long
as you agree with the powers that be
that's where the freedom is this is
that's being held hostage even examples
for the examples from history there is
only one person who said in a foreign
embassy longer than Julian Assange that
mentioned a Hungarian yes hardy Roman
deity but at least he certain the
American Embassy in Budapest at least
the American government just drank it
was during the cold world yes at least
the American government didn't tell him
don't write articles you know you may
damage the United States told him to
write that so this situation now is
worse because we have a change of
government in Ecuador and immediately we
have a new attitude to Assange and we I
mean no one here would dispute that mr.
Assange as a journalist has some
audience right and that's what happens
to you when you have audience and you
want to express your views quite
Greenwald you you guys which journalists
are out there we may not agree with
Glenn Greenwald on every one on
everybody he is an intellectual
he's critical he's piercing in debate on
TV as well he's even been on Tucker
Carlson his ideological opponent now
there are limitations to Glenn Greenwald
of course because he
doesn't go to the US he reports out of
Brazil where he lives with his lover and
and and stray dogs and he's his outlet
the intercept is functioning only
because it's supported itself by a medal
a politically meddling oligarch Pierre
Omidyar who was one of those who funded
the Maidan in Ukraine and in order to
challenge Greenwald in the publication
the intercept where he is one of the
editors he's brought in mainstream
establishment journalists to challenge
back on this period but the only reason
lines because the intercept has deep
pockets ok they can well because with or
with your right has deep pockets and in
and there's a certain there's a certain
level of protection being said is
challenged that his own magazine by the
oligarch that funds him when he steps
over the line well I think Ukraine has
really yes real quick but you know the
story with Nadia Savchenko continues
Russia yes I think our viewers just have
to type it in the computer
free software and they will think that
suction is fasting you know it's a
hunger strike what is your story tell us
about what's happening in Ukraine right
now exactly you know how is this reflect
what's going she's on hunger strike now
India is this tell us about what's
happening in Ukraine is the revolution
eating itself is it is poroshenko
looking for more Western aid because it
looks like the Europeans have lost the
revolution is destroying its own
children right by the hands of mr.
poroshenko why because these children
tried to destroy mr. poroshenko
politically so the kind of politics were
changes militarily those never changes
there one more story that did not really
make it to the headlines in the Western
press this week Eastern gouta an area of
Syria and keep that borders right on
Damascus and the capital of the country
has been completely freed from radical
terrorists for me
that occupied it for years remember yes
exactly
and for years the maskers has been
attacked with with rockets with more
nades
mortar fire from eastern goethe one more
thing to remember remember 2013 when
during the obama administration the
syrian army was accused of using
chemical weapons against this opposition
so-called moderate opposition forces
which were in reality army of islam for
those who remember this was an eastern
good exactly that area now the in the
last few weeks these types of
accusations as eastern goethe was
gradually freed from the from these
militants the syrian army was again
accused again and again including in the
security comes surprised using chemical
weapons surprise
no evidence was present now that the
eastern goota is feet would have the sea
the forces found her they found
laboratories where the military huge
caches were their chemical provocations
by not only that but the people who have
escaped out of the civilians right tens
of thousands of civilians were able to
remain in their homes once the jihadis
surrendered or went into refugee camps
these people are coming out and they're
saying contrary to what the Western
press has been saying for months now
screaming at the top of their lungs
about human rights violations they were
fed right except when the rebels took
the aid that was given away from them
that they were being held that they were
not allowed to escape out of the area
they were being held hostage to human
shields that they were fired at when
they tried to leave suddenly the Western
press is silent they're not interested
in the people you hear gentlemen are
crickets ok that's it for us on our
extended version of this program we hope
you enjoyed it remember Rostock rules
