a trade confirmation or confrontation
rather is heating up between Beijing and
Washington China had slapped to three
billion dollars in tariffs on 128
products imported from the US including
pork wine and fruit the move follows
several weeks of Chinese officials
warnings over the escalating dispute
between the two countries know last
Thursday President Donald Trump
announced 60 billion in tariffs on
Chinese goods due to Beijing's reputed
violations of US intellectual property
rights and at the beginning of March the
u.s. imposed new tariffs on aluminum and
steel as well which also hid Chinese
imports but while Trump has clashed with
China on trade he has also called it a
friend in dealing with North Korea again
what's been allowed to go on for decades
is disgraceful it's disgraceful and when
it comes to a time when our country
can't make aluminum and steel and
somebody said it before and I will tell
you you almost don't have much of a
country I view them as a friend I have
tremendous respect for President Xi we
have a great relationship they're
helping us a lot in North Korea and
that's China earlier we heard from
Jeffrey Albert Tucker editorial director
of the American Institute for economic
research and dr. Rasmus professor of
political economy at st. Mary's College
they think a trade war won't bring
anything good for either country Trump
said he wanted a trade war I mean he
tweeted that he wanted a trade war which
is something that no economist in the
world wants to hear and now he's getting
it nobody went to trade war everybody
loses
China loses America consumers are gonna
pay the price American business is going
to pay the price this is this is a bad
deal all around every American and
his/her daily life is using products
assembled built shaped formulated
manufactured in China originating from
ideas
and concepts and marketing that
originated from the United States we
have a beautiful cooperative
relationship what the United States
wants from China first and foremost is
to increase its imports to China of
services and particularly financial
services it wants to penetrate further
the Chinese banking system that's number
one number two has to do with what's
called intellectual property but two
part of that is really next-generation
technology software III don't see a
trade war coming out of this a lot of it
has to do with domestic u.s. politics
you know it's this nationalist appeal
before the November elections and also I
believe it has something to do with you
know Trump mobilizing his base in
anticipation for indictment and findings
by the Millar organization here the
investigations
