an independent autopsy of an unarmed
black man who was fatally shot by police
in the u.s. city of Sacramento earlier
this month has found that he was shot in
the back the victim's family lawyer says
this contradicts the police officers
claims that he was advancing towards
them and what happened was not clear
from the body cam video released earlier
this month police fired at 22 year-old
Stephon Clarke 20 times saying they had
mistaken his phone for a gun they were
responding to a call about someone
breaking windows Clarke was shot in his
grandmother's backyard police officers
involved were placed on paid
administrative leave the case has
outraged locals with protests happening
almost every day since the day of the
shooting within a series of protests
demonstrators blocked highways and twice
disrupted a nearby NBA basketball game
the day after Clark's funeral black
lives matter activists again blocked the
streets they called the justice and
Punishment for those responsible and we
spoke to former Georgia State
Representative laDawn Jones who says
improperly trained police officers are
not being held to account the ideas that
African Americans are automatically
committing crime are in the foundation
of our system and there requires
training the right kind of training not
just on how to shoot or when to shoot be
escalating but then also a training on
inherent biases that police officers may
have in this country and it's within
their systems and we need to look at
both in order to try to stop these types
of horrific events we have to look at
the Train of events that has happened in
the past where many officers are not
being indicted or they are led off and
that's because our law has a very huge
loophole and determine allowing officers
who have a fear and looking at their
subjective belief of fear in determining
whether they are guilty or not in their
actions and the only other place to hold
them accountable is it through the
police departments making them lose
their jobs so it is very hard to have
the police police the police
