at least 17 Palestinians have been
killed in over a thousand injured in
clashes with Israeli soldiers along the
Gaza border that's according to the UN's
permanent observer for Palestine the UN
secretary-general calling for an
independent investigation into the
deaths earlier the Israeli army used
live bullets tear gas and drones against
Gaza demonstrators
the annual march of return is a
demonstration denouncing Israeli
occupation thousands of Palestinians
have pitched tents across five locations
where they're expected to stay for six
weeks in response IDF soldiers have
stationed more than a hundred snipers
overlooking the area local journalists
are Hindu dari has been following the
clashes along the Gaza border where only
one hundred meters away from the front
as you see we can see the Israeli army
snipers we can see the Israeli army
soldiers in the jeeps and trying to
target all the protesters that are being
very close to the fence by live
ammunition rubber bullets and the tear
gas canisters for their using the new
updated and develop weapons as you see
this is the tear gas by the drone by the
Israeli army they throw them they are
using the drones to throw the tear gas
canisters on the protesters and this is
like the tenth time they're using it
that's the beginning of the day here's a
live injury from the tear gas canisters
that's worth proud all the protester
just right now and as you see everyone
is trying to take the surgery to the
ambulance to go to the hospital directly
the Palestinians are gonna stay here for
more than 45 days until the 15th of May
because they believe that they have the
retire they have the right to return to
the land they have the right to stay
here and they won't go they won't go
home until they go back to their origins
to their homeland and to their towns the
West Bank city of Ramallah is also
witnessing a violent standoff with IDF
soldiers shooting at Palestinian stone
throwers at Palestinian President
Mahmoud Abbas has declared Saturday a
National Day of Mourning Israel earlier
blame what are called violent riots on
the Palestinian political movement Hamas
the country's army said it would respond
to any threat to Israeli sovereignty as
well as to damage to the
curity fence ahead of the mass protests
a Palestinian farmer was killed by an
Israeli tank shell his relatives say he
was harvesting parsley one kilometer
from the Israeli border before dawn the
thousands marched on the streets of Gaza
as his body was being carried the
Israeli military says it was aware of
the reports but claimed the tank fire
was directed towards people who
approached the fence and were acting
suspiciously
jemelle Juma from the anti Walden
settlements movement things israel's
heavy-handed response to the palestinian
demonstrations is disproportionate
there's a very strong message to the
international community this March and
this gathering and the return march is a
peaceful month Desiree's pushing a lot
of military on the on that that areas in
the other and we are shooting at the
people so the one who is using the
violence they don't care about the
Palestinians life they don't see the
Palestinians that and they are sure that
they are every crime that they are doing
they are escaping with it because they
are immune by this international system
particularly the United States and and
the Arab European countries that they
are silenced there and the Arab
countries that do normalization with
Israel and do allies with Israel now
