the Saudi Crown Prince is on a two-week
tour of the United States he's already
met with Donald Trump in the White House
where some lucrative arms deals were on
the table but he's also meeting with
some other big names as well among them
for example a SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Apple
boss Tim Cook and Microsoft co-founder
Bill Gates in fact a TV host and media
mogul Oprah Winfrey is also getting a
FaceTime with Mohammed bin Salman as are
the Clintons and Barack Obama but it's
not just the Democratic Party elite
former President George W Bush will also
be meeting with the royal as well so as
well as I smoothing with American
celebrities and politicians the Saudi
Crown Prince was also blessed a number
of a US media outlets and editorial
boards with his presence as well in fact
are these include the New York Times at
The Wall Street Journal the Washington
Post the Atlantic as well as time and
Vanity Fair and to coincide with the
crown prince's visit a special 97 page
ad free magazine dedicated to praising
the Saudi Kingdom has hit the shelves of
American stores artis Calif Maupin got
his hands on a copy it's slick glossy
and a certain government in the Arabian
Peninsula says it has nothing to do with
it on newsstands across America
you can get copies of the New Kingdom
it's a magazine all about Saudi Arabia
and how it's a happy place that's open
for business
American media incorporated the print
conglomerate that published this has a
CEO who says that he's actually a
personal friend of Donald Trump
now the Saudi Kingdom says that they had
no role in financing it apparently
American media Inc just feels very
passionate about global politics we
decided to have a chat with legal and
media analyst Lionel to see what he
thinks
now the sudden appearance of this pro
Saudi glossing so interesting
publication we've got here the New
Kingdom now it talks about how Saudi
Arabia is a key ally of the United
States in the fight against terrorism
leaves out the fact that they have been
supporting extremist groups in Syria
what do you make of that this is not an
encyclopedia of Saudi Arabia it's
brilliant and most Americans will read
this in safe this is fantastic
very frankly I don't think you're going
to be seeing too many aspects of a pro
Saudi Arabian glossy talk about the
darker sides of of the area well sure I
mean it talks about their romantic
landscapes it talks about it talks about
their beautiful traditional ceremonies
doesn't really get into the public
beheadings they go on still do you think
there's any chance of that I mean I
understand that but not only that
treatment of women they go go through
that you know we've been having lately
the comments of Saudi Arabia with 9/11
you're not going to see this but
remember the only way this would ever
work is when you have a country as of
ours where people know is it a
coincidence you think that the crown
prince is currently on his two-week tour
of the United States at the same time
this hits the shelves absolutely not of
course not there's no such thing as a
coincidence
it's brilliant but look at what's
happening look at how he is being
presented 32 year old he's almost like
the Prince Harry young hipper meeting
with people apparently remember America
loves a rock star if you're trying to
win America over this is a way to do it
because remember we don't know anything
we don't read anything we don't know
anything about history but just give us
a rock star and we're in yeah now the
Saudis say they have nothing to do with
this coming out no nothing to do with it
do you buy that I know what you're
saying you're saying somehow the
National Enquirer is somebody benefited
maybe in the back end I don't know Who
am I to say I think though that for
somebody to on their own for no
particular reason come up with this
extremely expensive look at the quality
of this look at the colors look on their
own gratuitously
just to do it I think that's less than
likely this is a very very expensive
proposition
well meantime Human Rights Watch has
mocked Saudi Arabia's PR blitz pointing
to reals record of rights abuses
you
