the Siberian city of Kemerovo has
entered a third day of mourning after a
shopping center fire kills 64 people
including 41 children and with more
facts about the blaze surfacing
including allegations of criminal
negligence stories of incredible courage
have also emerged
I would and I were putting together a
pairs of shoes when I smelled smoke I
heard a my walkie-talkie someone saying
that people are running out he stopped
people rushing down the stairs
there is an alarm to evacuate people are
employees towards the exit I don't quite
remember how I got out as soon as I got
outside I saw men jumping out of a
window from the third floor you got
bula co-workers had already escaped when
we looked at the escalator it was full
of people they started helping people's
to get out of there we have a back door
at the end of the storage room people to
come to us
there were disabled people to our guys
lifted their wheelchairs and helped them
to go downstairs everything went black
with clouds of smoke surrounding us we
breathe heavily but waited till the end
we just hope to save someone else some
people ran upstairs in panics did you
feel panic deep inside - of course we
did there was no way to escape I don't
know what would have happened to me if
not them I'm a father a son and a
brother too I can understand those
people I wish my son would grow up the
same be useful to humankind we don't
consider ourselves rescuers we are
ordinary people if you were in our place
you would have done the same we heard
that lots of men were burnt to death
there is a a hero my mother was worried
about me she worked at the hospital and
she says it was terrifying we go to the
mall every day leave flowers and place
candles
meanwhile the investigation into what
caused the fire is progressing the two
main versions are the malfunction of the
fire safety system and also arson five
people have been arrested so far among
them two directors at the shopping
center and also the maker of the fire
safety system the blaze is one of the
deadliest in Russia in decades and it
took firefighters over 17 hours to put
it out one section of the complex was
completely gutted at large sections of
the roof also collapsed of the 64 people
who died almost two-thirds were children
as the school holidays and just begun
