one of the most seriously injured is a
boy who left from an upper floor window
right now he's the only survivor from
his family
the boy has serious injuries and now
needs an artificial lung ventilator but
his condition has slightly improved this
morning Boston correspondent Mark Garcia
joins me in the studio now to discuss
some of these truly heartbreaking
stories further what more can you tell
us well it's it's overwhelming all of it
really you hear one story and you think
it couldn't get worse this is you know
this is as sad as it can be and then you
hear about another family's tragedy
which is even more heart-wrenching
take for example this this group of
eight kids classmates who were out on a
school trip to camera off to the big
city these are rural kids so this was
for them a but huge treat spring
holidays they're out there in this
shopping center they're bowling they're
ice skating they go to the cinema and 15
minutes after that film started the fire
broke out and you know make make no
mistake here people try to get in
fathers mother's relatives even total
strangers try to get in there and help
these people get them out but they
helped only some many others never left
many couple 19 new motion video socrates
michigan karen snur compassion
the purchased another decisive Israeli
Army's dick mean essentially moving the
dynamic Tony maws promotion
I hope she was called up she will really
be worried opening after the
particularly difficult technical city
and each one is mature
understand that these kids these adults
they were trapped fire spreads like you
wouldn't believe in a smoke it
it isn't just choking its deadly and it
fills everything very very quickly this
is why people were breaking windows in
an effort to sort of disperse as much of
this smoke as possible to give people a
chance to to get out but the fire exits
were reportedly blocked the fire alarm
was reportedly according to authorities
switched off by security at the shopping
mall so by the time people realized
something was wrong it was in many cases
too late some of these kids were cooling
their relatives mothers fathers friends
begging them for help for somebody to
come to help to rescue them others
posted on their social media profile
saying they would they were here that it
was bad please somebody please help
a few realizing that nothing was going
to save them that this was it that they
were going to die they called their
relatives they called their mothers with
a with a final farewell but you know
there's one particularly distressing
story about the mother and a father who
are in camera right now waiting to
identify their the bodies of their three
girls five and two 11 years old the
father brought them in during the day
yesterday to watch a cartoon he took
them to the cinema on the fourth floor
and then himself went down to the first
floor to do whatever it is that he
wanted to do he gets a call from one of
his daughters saying there's a fire and
that the door was locked that they
couldn't get out he runs upstairs and
there's smoke everywhere he gets a wet
cloth and tries to for Jean get to the
get to the cinema where he left his
girls he couldn't do it he ran outside
to find rescuers to get some sort of
help by which point of course
it was too late they lost all three
girls and this is just this is just two
cases that I've mentioned here it is
it's truly horrendous nevertheless
people did try to help and even those
that didn't lose any relatives
there's invisible shock I was told by my
boyfriend at the time of the incident
that he and his friend tried to drag
children away from the fire but because
of the thick smoke they were prevented
from staying there any longer by the
shopping malls Center workers who said
all the children were out people were
smashing windows with their hands and
feet because it was impossible to be in
there it was so scary I saw how people
jumped out of the windows one person
jumped to instant death another boy is
now in a coma from what we've heard and
another person has broke his spine but
is alive I lost some friends here the
part of the group managed to escape but
I lost contact with the rest and have
not heard from them for over a day these
stories are so difficult to listen to
and I'm sure I speak for all of us when
we say our hearts go out to everybody
involved in it this fatal were tragic
occurrence in the city their road gasps
yeah thank you
