begin with breaking news from the
Russian city of camera van the death
toll from a fire of a shopping and
entertainment center there continues to
climb it is now risen to 64 people many
of them children there were also a
number of people still missing that is
according to authorities video from
inside the burning mall has emerged
online witnesses say people were unable
to escape from the building and we're
seeing jumping from windows there are no
conflicting reports about the cause of
the fire none have been officially
confirmed as yet local media is however
reporting it may have started as a
children's playground I word of warning
you may find some of the following
images extremely upsetting
it was horrific the moor was packed with
people we couldn't hear the fire alarm
the smoke filled the cinema a grandma
system will ran down the stairs there
was a terrible crush and zero visibility
my hands are still trembling when I
imagine what could have happened to us
one man began to panic
he said we should jump off the roof
because it would soon collapse who
shouted from the roof to be rescued but
no one came for 40 minutes
well in the aftermath of the fire the
city has canceled all entertainment and
cultural events in a mark of respect to
those who lost their lives people are
also bringing flowers candles and
perhaps most poignant lis of all toys to
the shopping center eager to turn off
reports now from camera fun seems like
the whole city's flocking with flowers
toys and candles to the shopping mall
that was caught ablaze on a Sunday night
for benches completely heaped with
flowers and everything else and people
standing there holding sort of a vigil
to all of the dead in the place now it
occurred yesterday the current Sunday
and apparently started at a children's
playground at a children's Fun Zone and
it's not yet clear what exactly started
it there are two main versions one is
someone apparently troubled teens
deliberately setting a place a forum pit
in the trampoline area and and another
one is an electrical is a faulty
electrical circuit but whatever caused
the place afterwards everything that
could go wrong did first and foremost
there was no fire alarm to give an early
warning to the people inside secondly
the sprinklers didn't seem to work at
all and when people actually rushed to
fire escapes some of them appear to be
locked so they had to crush them they
had to break through them were jump out
of the windows some some people injured
themselves doing so a lot of children
and a lot of children in the lists of
the dead and missing some of them some
of them toddlers
it was a Sunday it was the weekend so
many many families took their kids to
this shopping mall and one of the cinema
halls was reportedly packed with small
children who were watching a movie now
the investigation into what's happening
is ongoing at least four people
including the fire safety chief of the
mall and
the owner of the mall have been detained
and taken folk and taken in for
questioning now we are here all the way
throughout the day to bring you the
latest from the scene of this horrific
tragedy and people have already started
people are queuing up in massive lines
to donate blood to those injured to
those in the hospital so we will be you
will be bringing you the latest from
this Siberian city throughout the day
yeah Justin what Igor was speaking about
their people in camera are lining up
still to donate blood for the victims
what we know at the moment in that
regard is that 48 people were injured in
the fire 11 of them have been taken to
hospital some remain in a critical
condition well artis Nadira shooter
broke down earlier to me the events of
the tragic day day out family day out
usually people just walking around that
shopping mall allowing their children to
obviously wander around it's really a
tragic incident that we're seeing here
now now we have had reports directly
from people who are in the midst of that
blaze through social media
there were descriptions of panic
descriptions of people trying to make
their way to the top floor only to be
faced with smoke and of course they
didn't apparently hear any loud speakers
or a fire alarm as a warning what we can
hear now is a witness statement from a
friend of two people who were missing
and the warnings that they heard him I
was told by my boyfriend at the time of
the incident that he and his friend
tried to drag children away from the
fire but because of the thick smoke they
were prevented from staying there any
longer by the shopping malls Center
workers who said all the children were
out people were smashing windows with
their hands and feet because it was
impossible to be in there it was so
scary I saw how people jumped out of the
windows one person jumped to instant
death another boy is now in a coma from
what we've heard and another person has
broke his spine but is alive I lost some
friends in the part of the group managed
to escape but I lost contact with the
rest and have not heard from them for
over a day this whole situation of not
knowing and just waiting is
nerve-racking
no one slept the whole night among the
dead were a mother and daughter forty
five and five years old and the father
yesterday he was in Novosibirsk and he
got a call that there was a fire in the
shopping mall he spoke to his wife a few
hours earlier and he knew that they had
gone there when he came over earlier
today he had health issues with his
heart when he got the news about his
family we've also got reaction from
other eyewitnesses describing what they
saw and how people dealt with the
situation
besides sleep is really only a
misdemeanor since Alaric will be the
nominee Tony must punish him
I'm cheapest reduction really
eye-opening sneak away city and each one
is mucho
one of the stories that really has stood
out is a group of primary school
children that were actually on a school
trip in the mall they had come from
outside the city the teacher had let
them go around and took them to a
cartoon show eight of these primary
school children missing what we have a
really quite strong and heart-rendering
messages that they texted once saying I
can't get out I can't breathe another
was saying tell mom I love her and this
one is particularly tragic this is the
end so those are the kind of messages
that we've seen coming out of that no
one knows where they are and you can
imagine the fear that they were feeling
that according to the latest figures we
have 11 people remain missing the
families of the victims met with city
officials in a nearby school and
understandably could not hold back
Russia's Health Minister is in CHEM
River to oversee the medical side of the
recovery operation veronika escort
service said genetic testing may be
needed to identify many of the victims
she also gave an update on one patient
who's in serious condition much and in
still yet at this moment eleven people
are still hospitalized an 11 year old
boy is in the most serious condition he
jumped from the fourth floor to save his
life his parents and the younger sister
died in the tragedy he is the only
survivor from his family
the boy has serious injuries and now
needs an artificial lung ventilator but
his condition has slightly improved this
morning yeah the boy that the minister
is referring to can be seen in this
footage he is in as you can clearly make
out serious condition and is being
monitored closely by the hospital staff
as his family is not there at the moment
to help
well the blaze in CHEM River has been
named as one of the deadliest fires in
Russia in the past 100 years two other
similar tragedies have struck Russia in
the last decade
messages of condolence for the victims
families have been coming in from around
the world
among them are Austria Turkey Kazakhstan
Serbia Latvia and the Council of Europe
who have all expressed their sorrow well
we will be closely following the
transiting in Siberia throughout the day
to recap for the moment 64 people are
confirmed dead some are missing and
rescuers are continuing to search the
burned-out shopping mall in CHEM River
