British investigators have raided the
premises of the political consulting
firm Cambridge analytical over a major
data breach scandal the company is known
for having worked with Donald Trump's
the election team in 2016 and is under
investigation for allegedly mining data
from some 50 million social media
accounts the scandal has also put
pressure on Facebook with US lawmakers
calling for CEO Mark Zuckerberg to
testify before Congress in Germany
Facebook representatives have already
been summoned to face questions over the
data breach for a long time we've had
the impression that unless you imply a
lot of pressure
nothing happens within Facebook and
obviously they tried to run the business
with a minimum of resources and any
issues raised over social responsibility
and not welcomed with a lot of
enthusiasm there at least that's the
impression I get the fallout is already
hurting Facebook a billionaire tech
entrepreneur Elon Musk deleted his
personal page and those for his SpaceX
and Tesla car ventures Joaquin accepted
Julian Assange has also lashed out at
the social network on Twitter others are
rushing to do the same - with the
hashtag delete Facebook trending in the
latest edition of Artie's online series
in case you missed it Poli Boyko takes a
sideways look at the Cambridge
analytical scandal in case you missed it
on the sacrificial altar this week is
Cambridge analytic er
Cambridge analytic a scavenge to
information from millions of Facebook
profiles and told the highest bidders
that they could use it to target boaters
the Dark Lord's behind Donald Trump and
Briggs it were lapping it up they've
been paying more attention to your
Facebook profile than the sweaty shaky
guy in the office he can't get enough of
your photos from that Florida getaway
back in 2014 of course back in 2012 the
use of data to win elections was
innovative in 2018 it's evil has
something changed
Cambridge analytic is based in Britain a
country where interfering in elections
is a gentlemanly pursuit if this little
enterprise was based in some Petersburg
the Western world would be sanctioning
Russian oxygen by now no the guy who
wrote the algorithm was Russian right do
you think you voted based on a crashing
economy immigration inequality or
corrupt politicians no no no Facebook
made you do it these sinister matters of
targeting voters are unique in the
history of politics that is apart from
political TV ads and election posters
and politicians you cuddle babies and
newspapers and human speed
news just in we're getting reports of an
election that has actually been won
because voters listen to the issues and
made an informed decision take that bit
away we're not reading fake news here
god damn it so what can you do well the
founder of whatsapp has gone on Twitter
to tell us to hash tag delete Facebook I
thought there are all those other social
networks to tell us what to do
