poets Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report still in Puerto Rico at the
Vanderbilt in Kurt Otto I think we're
gonna get the correct pronunciation of
that a second having a fantastic time so
much crypto happening here that I feel
like I have gone crypto Paradise EO
crypto paradisio Stacey well max the
fact we are in the condo area of Puerto
Rico just outside Old San Juan you will
hear the waves crashing onto the shore
right behind us there are a lot of
people here still pitching I SEOs
initial point offerings and you would
think that they would be a little bit
worrying about after all the subpoenas
all the warnings from the SEC from the
CFTC from Vinson which is the most
worrying of all because of course that's
part of the US Treasury and they can
throw you away for life but I want to
look at a headline about a start-up in
the old fashion world and this is part
of Y Combinator when the Silicon Valley
startup incubators and this is legal
apparently a startup is pitching a mind
uploading service that is 100% fatal so
this is a company called neck tom√© and
it's founded by some guy Robert
MacIntyre and basically you'll be able
to upload your brains
but the catch is you have to basically
have physician assisted suicide right
well it solves two problems with one
great startup you relieve yourself of
the burden of this mortal coil and you
achieve immortality visa via this
technological imprint of you
consciousness and up to the cloud so
it's very heaven like isn't it we're
going to the cloud to the pearly gates
of this new path but you know this is
what happens during the whole process
remember Alan Greenspan when he was
running the Federal Reserve Bank he said
that the economy is getting lighter well
by that he meant that we were moving
away from an economy based on stuff
ships and trains and trucks to no
economy based on electrons and
intellectual property and
financialization and that trend is only
exacerbated to become more prevalent and
more significant to the point where very
little of our consciousness is now part
of the physical world we're entering
visual reality we're entering and now a
phase where people uploading their minds
to an app and they're willing to trade
their physical body in exchange for the
promise of immortality because remember
as we've shifted from the physical to
the pure spiritual I guess you could
call it we've also lost all values
associated with the physical plane the
whole respect for gravity the whole
respect for morality and ethics have now
been reinterpreted in a gravitational
list ethical is valueless vacuum of
moral turpitude which is now the new
reality or heaven as some may call it
this is again it's a Silicon Valley
company it's Y Combinator the guy who's
the co-founder says the user experience
will be identical to physician assisted
suicide there are 25 people on the
waiting list including one Silicon
Valley billionaire who's in his like
early 30s and he's already put down the
ten thousand dollar deposit to have his
brain
look there's no incentive to be part of
the physical world especially with the
ecology collapsing the way it is right I
mean we find out that bottled water 90%
of it plastic has plastic in it we're
vibing plastic we swim in plastic we
live in plastic we live in a garbage
dump
says the meek shall inherit the earth
these are the people that are too timid
not to have themselves transformed into
this new product available in the cloud
assisted euthanasia in exchange for all
of your virtual dollars now I want to
turn to another big story that's
happened while we've been down here we
have the power grid here prepa that you
talked a little bit to our guest John
Mutt about but before I get to that I
want to show you what can be done if you
look at the national security and what
sort of deals could be blocked and that
was trump blocks broad coms
117 billion dollar bid for Qualcomm out
of national security concerns a highly
unusual move according to Washington
Post Donald Trump ordered
singapore-based Broadcom to abandons a
117 billion dollar hostile bid for
Qualcomm blocking what could have been
one of the biggest technology deals in
history in his presidential order
Trump cited credible evidence of the
takeover threatens to impair the
national security of the United States
the merger would have put one of
America's largest mobile chicken acres
in the hands of company based in Asia a
region that's been racing against
American companies to develop the next
generation of mobile technologies so of
course that kind of goes with the first
story is like if if all these Silicon
Valley billionaires freeze their minds
to be reanimated in the future and
uploaded to a cloud in the future
whoever controls the cloud is part of
this story here well the suicide bankers
will do so in the name of living in a
world of 72 virgin bankers living in the
suicide cloud there will be Jamie Dimon
and Lloyd Blankfein completely naked and
waiting for you all you need to do is
pull the plug and go into the euthanasia
clinic and join the 72 other banking
virgins in the cloud it's a fantastic
pitch I'm not sure that I co should be
worth billions more than the telegram
ICL he did this presidential order so it
cannot be overturned by legally he had
done this before the Treasury came out
with their report the Treasury has the
Committee on Foreign Investment in the
United States our cepheus an interagency
panel led by the Treasury Department
bringing me back to what the initial
coin offerings and now
FinCEN is also weighing in on on these
tokens and basically what they're saying
about these token offers all these icos
and there's what like a thousand of them
that they are money transmitters so wait
a minute there's a government agency
called syphilis
Sophia's oh I'm pronouncing it that way
they might have their own way of
pronouncing it well that's not too
subtle is it so one of the reasons why
Sophia's as I call it si si us was
perhaps move so fast they say is that
Broadcom was going to relocate to the US
in order to circumvent in order to
perhaps you know get around any national
security issue so they're gonna pretend
they were American but so basically what
the president and the administration are
saying is that they were worried that
the China's quoi way for example who is
the biggest competitor the next biggest
producer of microchips the ones that are
using your phone so that will be used in
the future basically in electric cars to
communicate with the grid and so they
want to make sure that we we are still
in the game
so there can be national security
interests that are still applied to
certain industries this is close to an
industrial policy we talked recently to
Michael Hudson about that I was gonna
say Michael Douglas Michael Hudson about
a you know an industrial policy for
America right I guess that is the key
point here is that Trump is willing to
impose a order to in the name of
national interest even though it might
not be welcomed on Wall Street in this
way so this is a far strategic in the
sense that you've got the president
standing up for interests that are I
think more akin to a national interest
well you know will that trend continue
we said when he was elected at least I
did that he could be a Teddy Roosevelt
type character and be a trust buster and
start to break up these huge oligopolies
and monopolies I still think that's
possibility unless he wants himself
uploaded to the cloud and he'll be kind
of potentate of the cloud-based people
and he'll make
having great again now I want to turn to
another headline about national security
and that is rebuilding Puerto Rico's
power grid the inside story it's a
fantastic piece you should read it it's
very long and but it explains the whole
situation here because you know about 10
to 15 percent of the island still does
not have any power and this ties in with
national security because the economy of
Puerto Rico why it is so bad has to do
partly with prepa the the national the
state-owned you know electric grid but
back in the 60s and 70s the u.s.
introduced tax incentives to get
manufacturers to move here and in the
south of the island the other side of
the island all these big manufacturers
came in lot of pharmaceutical companies
still to the state 10% of all
pharmaceuticals consumed in the United
States are actually produced here in
Puerto Rico but as a consequence all of
the electric power plants and most of
them all the big ones that 10 biggest
ones are all oil run they're all in the
south of the island which is way at that
direction we are on the top the north of
the island so all of the cables and you
know how the US does it unlike much of
Europe which is the cables are
underground here they're over ground so
all of the cables were knocked down in
the Hurricane Maria and because it's
also a jungle it's going over the hills
all those cables are going over through
jungles that binds all the you know you
think of a jungle it's all sorts of a
canopy of green its own growing over all
of the cables that have fallen so they
have to extricate those cut their way
through those two in order to get the
cable to put them back up Maria I just
met a girl named Maria
you remember that of course in West Side
Story Stephen Sondheim wrote the book
Leonard Bernstein directed the music
brilliant show a lot of people total
knowledge about Puerto Rico is based on
the stage production of West Side Story
and the subsequent movie I'm going to
tell you there's more going on here then
freakin West Side Story
there's
besito Esposito max you have to learn
how to speak Spanish okay by the way we
we did pass that area of Old San Juan
then it's really quite beautiful I
forget the name of it right Nova the
where birla La Perla yes
so 70 percent of all energy production
on this island happens in the south 70
percent of the demand is here in Old San
Juan area or other areas of the north so
you have an a very very old electric
grid the new governor is now trying to
privatize it or parts of it right many
people on the island are worried that
there's no incentive for a privatized
company to put all of the money that is
needed to develop it and I want to say
in the last minute here that we also
have seen the emergence of a lot of
micro entrepreneurs who coming up with
little like micro solar panels on your
roof top in order to power your own
little electric items needed in your
house because many people are still
without power and there there is a new
movement to use the national utility
grid now as a backup and for the future
because there will be bigger and bigger
hurricanes and this was the biggest
hurricane to hit since the nineteen and
late 1920s early 1930s that that you
should take care of yourself essentially
that you should have your own energy
sovereignty we need some micro grids we
need a mesh sort of network so that you
are never reliant on a centralized grid
again that's a quick question then we'll
go to the break but the energy needs
that you're talking about there the way
that they're geographically spread out
it sounds like a Herculean task to
bridge that gap
and there's tremendous entrepreneurial
energy now on the island in the
interview Stacey is the wave of
entrepreneurs coming into the island now
are they maybe thinking a little bit
with rose-colored glasses in terms of
what's possible given the immense
infrastructure needs on the island or
what do you think well there are some
Outsiders coming in and yes they have
fantasies and many of them have a lot of
money but there are indigenous local
people born and raised here who are also
that the article points out they are the
ones that humanely walk down the road
went to these locations went to homes
and introduced the solar
panel so that so these are Puerto Ricans
local Puerto Ricans they're
entrepreneurs as well and they're
introducing options it's up to whether
or not love you know that the the fiscal
Control Board will allow sort of these
sort of things to happen right now by
the way the oversight board has actually
taken the energy grid off the creditor
list they're not allowed to seize it
they're not allowed to take these assets
at the moment
all right well something will keep very
close attention to that's going to be
time for a little bit of a break now so
don't go away
stay right there welcome back to the
constant report I'm Max Keiser time
editor to entrepreneur Michael Turpin
Michael welcome to the Kasbah report
glad to be here it's great to have you
on we actually we've known each other
for more than 20 years right and you've
been and the hot spots in technology one
finds Michael Turpin and that goes back
to the dot-com era now we're in the
crypto era and you've really carved out
an interesting space and place for
yourself here in Puerto Rico you were I
guess kind of the first guy to come down
here and stake your claim and what you
could say and so tell us a little bit
before we get into the crypto space what
drew you to Puerto Rico and what what's
happening with that Michael so I've
always been someone who looks at
fairness and about you know how to you
know do something that will help myself
and my family and so I moved from
California to Nevada right before I sold
market wire my last company because it
was crazy to be spending 40% more taxes
if I was living there for a global
company rather than Nevada and when I
started getting very deeply involved in
cryptocurrency starting transform group
what's the top PR firm in that area and
advisory all of a sudden I'm working
with companies and I guess sometimes get
paid in Bitcoin or in some of the other
tokens like we launched the etherium and
I'm seeing at the end of 2015 and is
starting to trade and the price is just
skyrocketing and so all of us that I'm
not worried now about Nevada tax I'm
worried about
long term and short term particularly
short term capital gains which is 39%
and Puerto Rico I had heard from a
friend of mine who's an investment
banker who was selling IPOs in China and
he's barely in the u.s. he was still
paying 53% taxes because he had a home
in California and so I looked at Puerto
Rico I told my wife about it she had
only seen West Side Story and not the
beautiful island and she said I guess I
can maybe do a little time in tax prison
now you can't feel her away from here
she loves us right and you know a lot of
hedge funds guys have moved down here
before you did even you have John
Paulson and Peter Schiff let me just
introduce this idea because the way you
describe it it sounds very dry that you
know there's a tax benefit to moving
down here and that's part of the
entrepreneurial mix is you've got to
look at your entire picture and maximize
wherever you can but there's a huge
ancillary impact for the crypto
community coming to Puerto Rico it's
twofold right there's one is the local
community is now getting crypto five and
you can talk about that a little bit and
then you're bringing in a lot of
expertise and a lot of young talent and
a lot of fresh talent and that's adding
to the mix so can you talk a little bit
about the the vision of things it's
become a positive petri dish so when I
first came down here in early 2016
people are barely understanding how this
could become a technology town much less
blockchain the first time I spoke at a
conference here which is the port of the
Porto Rico Investment Summit I asked
people in the government about how you
treat blockchain and the answer was what
does a blockchain when I held my first
coinage and the Caribbean conference
last year the same person asked what is
a blockchain actually spoke and talked
about the benefits of blockchain which
they do treat here as being services
rather than software and they're both 4%
we'll get into that a little bit tax and
nothing to the IRS if you provide the
product down here but with blockchain
it's open source so you don't own the IP
and that's one of the definitions of
software versus software as a service
you know Michael since the crypto space
got going different countries and
territories have advertised themselves
or try to position themselves does he
quote
Switzerland of crypto and they want to
be the other greatest regulation they
want to have the greatest environment
etc and I'm you know here for the first
time myself and I've been to Isle of Man
I've been to Switzerland I've been to
various European countries I've been to
these places that say hey we want to be
the crypto of Switzerland you know this
place really could be the crypto of
Switzerland it's got everything across
the board what are your thoughts on that
I'm a big proponent of that and I'm very
encouraged with what Wyoming did Wyoming
just had a unanimous legislature
approval and the government signed an
act to say that utility tokens which is
most of what this ICO phenomenon
comprises is a new asset class that is
exempt from securities and money
transmission and the courts will decide
whether Wyoming legislation Trump's
regulation but they're pretty adamant
about that and they want to go into
other territories and I've got nothing
but you know open arms from the people
I've talked to in Puerto Rico as will it
help the island can we bring jobs here
very open attitude about how can we go
in first and foremost how do we keep our
kids from like graduating and having to
go to the mainland because they can't
find a job here that's gonna pay a good
wage so this generation is coming up
actually sees that they could be part of
building this new crypto generation and
it could be a as you say a petri dish
and a really growth story now you
mentioned the I CEOs and regulators for
a second you know what's interesting is
that the CFTC thinks calls crypto
commodity the SEC thinks it's a security
you've got FinCEN I think saying it's
money you're right so every regulator
thinks they sees themselves and crypto
right and that they need to be a part of
regulatory mix how do you see that
unfolding because it's having a real
impact that's undeniable yes
so a how is it impact the ICL market and
then how will it impact crypto more
broadly it's impacting the ico market
particularly the last couple weeks and
sort of a feeding frenzy of fear because
basically a lot of the lawyers have been
saying do this do this and now the great
maybe you can't do this is that and at
the moment I'm hearing people advise
just do a public offering which
you become a penny stock and that
doesn't seem like the innovation or they
just say black all-americans I don't
think that's gonna be something that
lasts forever
I think I'm very encouraged by what
Wyoming is doing and if a judge just
backs them like you know the SEC been
saying all this stuff looks like see
curious to us a judge actually said the
cryptocurrency is a commodity it's now
the SE saying well maybe it's a security
and a commodity and and you know another
judge in Florida said that bitcoin is
not money so the courts are gonna have
to decide in the meantime people are
afraid and so they're either blocking
the US or they're coming up with you
know hacks and then a little pocket beat
any about you know how a lot of times
you have to go and find a positive pack
I mean hacking is a good thing in many
cases and I think one of the hex is you
simply go and you invest in a funder and
a syndicate that's off shore and that's
how as an American citizen you still get
to you know take your rights as an
accredited Wester to be able to go and
invest on what you've researched alright
let's talk game theory for a second here
announced fedora you're a seasoned
entrepreneur this game of cat-and-mouse
with regulators is part and parcel with
the entrepreneurial world Steve Jobs got
a start at the phone Freaker breaking
the law you know most entrepreneurs are
skating the edge of the law that's how
they kind of introduced a category and
they hope that the their product will
redefine the category and that the law
will be changed you know they see this
on Wall Street all the time so in the
area of tripped-out
I can understand the regulator's are you
know they have vested interest don't
they they represent a long-standing
financial services business and they
really are in their service you could
argue but will a territory or country
break ranks and say you know what we are
going to be that crypto location and
we're going to attract those jobs and
are you playing to get a little game
like that Michael you know you're kind
of almost a Dean in this in this space
so what am I too far off what what do
you think I've been called the ico
Godfather by one network but no you're
not far off and I sort of learned a
lesson way early in my career in the 90s
when one of the things that I did as a
side project before before market wire
was I co-founded something called direct
IPL
and that was myself and a stockbroker
and we decided to like start going and
disrupting Wall Street by letting people
do direct public offerings of Internet
companies and we started the same day as
whit capital bit and with capital and
the client was a securities lawyer we
employed securities lawyers our entire
funding went to a big law firm who told
us no no no it's too risky he did the
exact same things
the SEC called him in and they gave me
exemptions he sold the company for
several hundred million dollars we
basically went on to do something else
after we spent all the money so I
decided I was not gonna make that
mistake in this field so I talked to a
lot of lawyers and I looked at a lot of
different jurisdictions but when I
started bid angels in 2013 one of our
charters was fine friendly jurisdictions
Malta is a great jurisdiction Mauritius
these are not exactly places that
everyone's gonna move to but in Asia
when Korea and China clamp down we're
just guess wherever it is Singapore and
here people are going to Bahamas they're
going to be the eye they're going to
Cayman but they would much rather come
to Puerto Rico and pay 4% just like
they'd go to Switzerland instead of you
know a zero tax jurisdiction that maybe
is not the place they want to live or
operator or such clarity like they pay
6% in Switzerland and I think that they
will pay 4% you can get a billion
dollars of icos coming in to Puerto Rico
if there's a little bit more clarity and
they kind of follow the Wyoming lead all
right let's dig into some technicalities
here and I don't want to spend a long
time on this but I think it is
interesting so act 20 act 22 these are
some of the minutiae yeah you encounter
when you make decide to make a move like
this can you kind of encapsulate in a
minute the difference between the two
just I just find this interesting
Michael you just kind of brush on that
sure so I'm not a lawyer an accountant I
use javadi Mendez when there's a video
there's a lot of great folks down here
who know their stuff so act 22 is the
one that is for individuals for
investors every year they made it a
little bit tougher and that's been sort
of as the numbers have grown that's sort
of the way of making the bar of entry a
little bit higher in the beginning I
believe it was $50 to apply in five
to get in once and they saw that
investors were also bringing their
secretaries their mistresses and that's
not who they wanted to get the grants so
the year that I got in it was 750 to
apply and then $5,000 one time now it's
also a $5,000 contribution to charity
which we give way more than that the
charity import a recovery year anyway
and perhaps the talk is maybe it's going
to be an annual contribution but you
want to have people involved in the
island you want to have people you can't
live here without wanting to help let me
jump in person because I was at an event
here at Loch 23 and it's a crypto
incubator and beat up people we're
talking about the back 20 to act 20 they
said I talked to a lawyer I talked to
accountant I get totally different
answers from different people it's the
information it's tough to come by like a
real definitive answer what what can
people do you say you're not an
accountant you're not a lawyer but it's
there there must be a resource to guide
folks on solid footing as they as they
contemplate that kind of a move down
here right you know you have to talk to
people and get referrals at quite an
agenda we do have a panel on act 20 and
22 we've got actually Oberto Baco who
was the secretary who wrote the law and
passed the law and I've got you know
javonni Mendez and I've got the head of
BDO and so folks like that are going to
be able to answer the questions there
was just something this morning here but
really come on down see if you like the
island right okay agenda 30 seconds what
is it so Quinn agenda this our fifth
year it's the it's the Goldman Sachs
conference for crypto because Goldman
Sachs won't do it it's bringing
investors from around the world to look
at opportunities in the space and to
talk about the legal and the regulatory
and the trends and this is our second
year doing it in Puerto Rico right
Michael Turpin thanks for being on
console report thank you all right well
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the cons a report with me max Spencer
and Stacie member blaikie our guest
Michael Turpin if you want to catch us
on twitter it's Kaiser report the next
time bye Oh
