another news the BBC is under fire for
its alleged bias against opposition
leader Jeremy Corbyn viewers claimed the
channel is deliberately trying to
portray the UK Labour Party head as to
Russian an associate chair keener has
the story take a look at this image that
the BBC used in one of its flagship news
programmes causing quite a stir in the
UK
Jeremy's Jeremy has been on the right
side of history for the last 35 years
you're on the right side of history on
Libya on the right side of history on
Afghanistan the right side of history in
relation to Iraq so which which side of
history is he or not the picture depicts
opposition party leader Jeremy Corbyn on
red square wearing something that
strongly resembles a Russian hat and
here is the original image suffice it to
say Twitter wasn't happy nice impartial
backdrop there BBC Newsnight perhaps
could be split with a picture of p.m.
clutching fistfuls of roubles and
laughing that backdrop is some
absolutely shameful shameful stuff
asking for international cooperation and
strong evidence before we ramp up war
rhetoric is Russian collusion now is it
shameful columnist for The Guardian and
Corbin supporter Owen Jones pointed this
out to the BBC on air yesterday the
background of your program you had
Jeremy Corbyn dressed up against the
Kremlin to skyline no no no dressed up
as a Soviet state it was a real picture
of Jeremy cause you even photoshopped
his hats and look more Russian at this
part of the debate was left out of the
version posted online something that
also didn't go unnoticed
the BBC denied photoshopping the image
of the Labour Party leader but then Joe
mohm a top UK barrister himself a Corbin
critic threw his weight behind the
claims of BBC bias my conversation which
was conducted entirely in writing took
place with X X is an individual at the
BBC whose seniority and sphere of work
is such that it could not sensibly be
suggested that X is not properly
qualified to speak on such matters X
talked explicitly and unambiguously
about how criticisms of Corbin that the
BBC could not voice or the
liberally coded into imagery RT
approached the BBC for comment but the
broadcaster said it would not release a
statement as it hadn't seen the evidence
it did say though that the views of its
program editors as expressed in their
tweets did largely reflect the BBC's own
mum says he can swear on the truth of
his tweets adding that lying in his
position would be a very big deal the
storm of controversy comes after Corbin
cold on the government to take a more
measured approach to this cripple
poisoning case it could be arguably all
it takes these days to be branded a
foreign agent and as I say a tricky na
RT London
