this week the Stan Collymore show is in
Dubai in the United Arab Emirates white
Qatar hosts the next World Cup Abu Dhabi
owns Manchester City in many football
clubs across the world and Dubai is home
to some of the world's biggest football
academies let's explore football is a
huge vehicle in this region yeah because
the things he's here
the region is I think they set up all
the this football industry because we
are a little bit late if you compare to
Europe here is is likely just come out
with the the the the organization for
for like in Europe for football but I
think everywhere likely star for each
club they come live here for a time and
they opened in their own Academy like
for example my partner's he was in
terminal but well he will finish in club
make his plane captain now when you will
finish he will come here and I will open
this academic foreign terminal this is
all the players when they come here they
open they try to find a place and to
open their own Academy with the license
of the club there was playing before
because it was more easy to to set up
all this this here
so as you can see the press conference
is about to start
Michelle is to stand at the front there
with the shape and it's going to explain
what the tournament in the bow there's
20 teams involved from across the world
delighted to be joined one of the FIFA
living legends we've been looking enough
to have the likes of Pele on the show
and recently sidearm on a up at
Liverpool
let me speak oh why are you here in
Dubai today well very pleased to be here
because I'm an ambassador of
international and 13 tournaments invited
by amici so we are so very pleased
because we have to promote this kind of
events for the kids how important is it
the the kids get access to great coaches
great facilities we started playing
football in a very different time it's
quite incredible to think that if the
facilities that these young players will
get to play how important is it for them
in their development I think it is very
helpful for the development and the
improvement in the game but of course is
always very important to that you
continue to work hard every day and to
put the passion that you have in your
life and your values and what you wanted
to achieve and in this sport
what do you think about your countrymen
LED board Christiana renowned of the
World Cup this year well it's always the
the goal is to do better than the last
time now
or the best result we had and the World
Cup is always very very tough because
it's the best nations that we are
playing in this competition and the
different cultures two different styles
of football is not like who any playing
in Europe so I think is it's difficult I
hope that Cristiano after so long season
can be unshaped and in conditions to to
do a great World Cup polite voted you is
one of the world's great 100 living
players we played in the obviously the
2002 World Cup which was a
disappointment for Portugal in their
since 1986 and then you take them the
next World Cup to the semi-final as a
captain as a leader as the focal point
of the team how important is it to have
that strong mentality to help and guide
your team forward well I think you have
foolish to think that you can achieve
victory achieved the trophy achieved the
final because if you don't believe on
that is better than start to the
competition now either if you know that
is very very hard and difficult to to
win but I think since I started playing
the national team one of the the things
that my generation probably change in
the international national team was the
mentality because how do you do that I
don't know I think because all the all
the players in that time probably they
they had their mentality to play in big
teams in in foreign leagues that helps
you and give you the experience and of
course the competition took to play in
that that that level and of course is
depends on which one the personality the
character and the way you want to win
finally if Portugal don't win the World
Cup this year
who are your favorites to win well I
think my favorites are German Brazil
Argentina Spain France good team - but I
I bet for for German of course because
the other ones who always achieve the
finals and they have the experience and
history in this competition
well it's great to see you that's right
see you in to play boy looking very well
you could write the national say Thank
you very
so we are here at the Burj Khalifa the
world's tallest building and here is the
FIFA World Cup trophy we first saw it to
the day before it left on its monumental
tour around the world at the FIFA World
Museum in Zurich we also came back to it
at the World Cup draw in Moscow in
December it's stopping off here and the
people of the Middle East are absolutely
laughing it up all around the world the
trophy has been it's got many many more
miles to go until it gets the Luzhniki
stadium the 14th of June 2018 when
Russia play Saudi Arabia can you start
to feel the excitement now building
around the tournament's ending of course
in Russia this year we are super excited
all of us and you know me not an
exception I told you in our viewers
interviews that Russian people are
really looking forward to welcome
foreigners and guests from all over the
world and don't forget that the main
message from the FIFA this is zero
discrimination and I would like to
repeat one more time that you guys don't
need a visa you have only your phone ID
passport and the ticket which I always
repeat because I think it's gonna be
useful for someone who probably didn't
hear about that before
so we're hearing dubai for a few days to
see Michele Salgado's dream of an
intercontinental cup between under 12
teams from Juventus Real Madrid
Barcelona and Liverpool come to reality
hey guys cool okay yeah how have you
seen it grow I mean obviously all of the
big clubs want to come to the Emirates
because it's now a big powerhouse big
financial powerhouse but also how do you
say have you seen the game grow here in
the last five or six years a lot the
good thing is that they have to realize
in the past they were mistake but they
were mistaken they wanted to make up a
name of the league by bringing players
with a lot of Fame yeah they would be
they would bring Fame to the league and
that's what they wanted to you know
through to you know the people talking
about the local league now it's
different now they realized that having
those names if they don't green
expertise into into what they need
in order to grow as as you know as a
sport is very difficult so now with they
are started to realize the organization
of professionalism it's very important
little by little they are realized and
even in the good grassroots they got a
different mentality from the past but
now you guys are trying to change a
little bit and I see you know for the
first time we are trying to organize the
first league with experts and local
teams in the past it was impossible
impossible they will never allow
academies with Expos finally a locally
now they are doing it and we are trying
to organize now from the UAE a big
league you know in the old country I
have the couches finder in terms of
having this kind of competition I mean
obviously must enjoy to be able to
twelve year old kids playing against
Africans and Asian's and it makes him
well known about you but it would have
been unthinkable when I was 12 years of
age lying against kids in Africa you go
to you go to England maybe everything is
to protect it you know to get Liverpool
in here it wasn't difficult because
fielder Roscoe it was you know the
people in there and living who they were
okay with that but regulations are so
different sets of issues and everything
yeah and I think they have to be very
even careful about it you need to find
the balance you know to allow people
that go something is special
of course because otherwise you just end
up flying against you right in your own
country and you never develop and that's
why England have problems but yeah
that's what aniline okay with of the K
from the schools yeah
so for you know for things like that
like in this in Spain right now this is
not only the you know development
you know to me like that is right now
quite big bidders so remedy Maharana
they go around sixty meters a year and
the 1213 each one and the finish that
they go agreements with the schools
ready
well you know when they when they
compete at the highest level
they got approval from the school you
know to leave the school and because
part of the learning process part of the
learnings you know that's why you were
remedy and the best players in remedy
what design is the huge differences
between even European countries so some
contention a lot more open than others
I spoke to me like last year I spoke to
your vendors and I seen what you know
Liverpool and I want to invite the money
right in a year and the finish that the
difference with the Spanish masters even
a team like that's a bingo
they go everything my son is Spanish and
they got everything ok sorted to go to
know me like that and they play really
like 15 tournaments you know across the
globe rise every wonder why spine so
many players
said they're some of the English clubs
they want to come out here
but the problem is rules regulations
about playing at 12 13 against foreign
kids in in different countries in Spain
you just mention their Barcelona Celta
Vigo they're playing 15 16 tournaments a
year against African kids against Asian
kids that can only be good not just from
a sporting development but culturally
they make friends already I've only been
here 10 15 minutes and it's been a real
eye-opener come on go Lee come on
goalkeeper where's the little fella
where's Missy Missy get in the front
Missy all the mod cons here there's the
the Spanish team that one is here little
montage yeah that's very cute it's a
Spanish team but you see all the kids
they're involved in the academy success
lots of images of competition succeeding
positive vibes is the time to show we're
real men Michelle Salgado there was no
time to think I just hit it I'm living a
dream I never want to wake up from
Cristiano Ronaldo it's a it's a theme
even in professional dressing rooms on
the Stan Collymore show and we've been
to Norway when we've been to Iceland if
you remember managers put quotes from
players to inspire the players from the
greats it's the same area kids Thierry
Henry at the top I eat football I sneak
football I breathe football I'm not mad
I am just passionate
oh it's always got some skill I'm gonna
be I'm gonna be the defender oh I can't
quite imagine what it would feel like
when I was 12 years of age I was playing
on foggy peaches just against local
teams I think could have been the most
excited kid in the world if I'd have
played against rapid age 12 when
credible
there you go did you get that on camera
the collie
how important is it for kids age 12 to
all play together in intercontinental
tournament yeah I think it's a great
experience for the for the kids to play
with other guys that come from all over
the world because they playing probably
another football so we they can improve
we can improve with with them so it's
important I think for them because I are
the kids very excited to be here yes of
course is is always a very big
opportunities for us and for the kids to
meet other other countries to another
other way to play football other way to
to play match and I think it is very big
opportunity and we hope that they will
be recognized the very important of
livia event
we're excited coach yes what are you
looking forward to do we want to take
the trophy but as they get older so
these agents a lot of the boys will be
in our school yeah so we can we can
manipulate a scooper of them around the
games and the toilets we play not all of
them but because we've got Google a shoe
store you know probably I would say
maybe there's four or five boys here
that are in other schools as long as we
with clever and sensible in terms of
when we do the tournaments they're fine
and we'll go a lot of them in school
holidays so we could be no obviously
with a half-time October after them in
February the Easter holidays then the
June holidays we can we can get four or
five ton was just in those periods we
don't have to affect school so I mean we
are hugely into going to tournament
there it brings you to the match game
get these kids experience of traveling
being away is massive for us so when we
come abroad this is an experience for us
to to play in games room where it's
about winning
so Huggies programs fantastic because we
can control these get these games
wouldn't have to worry too much about
whether we wanted to win he wanted to
play I do you inject that into them than
going from an environment whereby
they're not winning or winning isn't as
important into a tournament you don't
have to inject into the kid the kid the
kid there's no kiddie to do on a web
yeah it's more for he's probably more
for staff yeah and for selection and
choosing the right circuit so kids
aren't an issue it's a non in weighing
things it just becomes a little bit of
different emphasis for staff in terms
arrived we might call a bit more
tactical
we might choose players out but we would
to try and win something if we do that
all the time that's the detachment or
lots of players so we've got it makes us
better staff and clever we don't wanna
just the classic English thing in other
big strong we can't we can't do that
delighted to be joined by a faithful
legend that was the guy he played in a
world fifa world youth tournament and
then the next year the copa mundial from
boy to man and in one year so how
important was youth football for you to
go into the man's game but Amir sido muy
importante la formación con conference
an open Portobello possible decreaser
the apoco is the Conicelli Lam Beto
professional a colleague who's older
than lapis really integral el equipo de
Francia Saratov anita grande a la copa
del mundo gazelle trophy of a pretty
historic City en el football algo muy
importante me Carrera algo muy fuerte y
siempre Valerie el respeto la
professionally da de la reina de
nicaragua and finally you know French
football very well and Argentine
football very well can poke Griezmann do
what you guys did in 1998
uncannily no messy add to his incredible
trophy home boy winning the World Cup
soon trophy winter Santa's on a second
and makalah jugadores del
la domain see del otro lado seguramente
see degrees man vulva Madurai an evil
internationalist on demo strand oval or
a muy importantes que lo creo que esto
hace la muy interesante para no sólo los
equipos nationally sino también para el
público damage thank you very much for
joining us thank you thank you very much
would you love to say Dubai house to
world cup someday I think so if you take
the facility in all Emirates from Abu
Dhabi as a capital or here and Dubai or
in charge or other emirate we have top
top last month there is a what we call
it Real Madrid was here they're playing
the cup why he's here
because the facility was three years in
the stadium scientist in more than sixty
to sixty thousand spectator all the
street facility definitely it makes
Dubai and all the America one day is
easy to host the World Cup
how have you found the first two days of
the tournament
well amazing to be honest I think we
fulfill what we wanted is the first
thing is having the best teams competing
in the air from from the entire world no
English we go Italian Avengers Liverpool
we were Spanish Madiba Thunder filter
through addiction a lolly which is one
of the biggest guys in the world there
are so so big locales with all Russian
so obviously for me is is a dream come
true because when I arrived to the wire
like five years ago and this was like a
desert you know they were only pitches
in the air but it's the I mean what was
the what was the whole thing was this
this was them you know I wanted to bring
a real improvement in the in the
grassroots in the UAE I know that they
like to organization they lack of you
know professionalism so when I came here
I want to change things and I think you
know they're realizing that we can
change things and the only way to change
things is challenging the kids with the
best ones
Mikael how excited are you to play in
this tournament
Ramiro villekulla a special bargain is a
parameter here we show switches present
specialist radicchio is for the master
earlier I saw you coaching yesterday one
on one which is really important to get
for them to get that kind of experience
from there what do you think your boys
have learned the last couple of days you
know the first thing in the shape you
know when they play how to defend behind
the bill how to rest behind the ball
transitions in in attacking defending
the most important depression you know
up 200 the games you know they need to
know when they are winning when they are
loosing out under the games how to
handle the pressure as well with it
we thought the atmosphere around the
game which is important I think for most
of them is the first time that they go
you know the the stands full of people
you know shouting cheering up you know
the rest of the teams when they see the
bunch of grabbity Bologna lolly they
feel they feel something different as
well so apart from the technical part of
course because you know what we wants
which they mean they need to know that
when they are in a 1v1 in here is not
like when they are in in a normal
legging in in a local lake you don't so
the strength or the strength of the
opponents are different probably so many
technical things but as world so many
competitive fields we shall thank you
the team is still playing every ball
it's a quite an incredible sport that we
have and it's incredible powerful thing
so congratulations to you for bringing
so many people together thank you so
much thank you Michelle my target thank
you
you
