Samantha is interactive basically she
likes to be touched
she has different modes of interaction
she can synchronize orgasm with you if
you have sex with her say 30 times
eventually she will know when you're
gonna exactly it's not about having a
vagina but it's about being having a
body and being able to for example home
what if one guy decides to have sex with
the sex talk rather than suppress videos
you will be able to have a sex doll here
that you actually have sex with at night
and then you will be able to say make
sure I get the right shopping for
tomorrow but can you imagine a
relationship without kitchen fights oh
no one talking back to you yeah yeah but
there's never the love there you go for
a robot definitely in the future it was
allowed but then you look at she's
fucking beautiful
so English it's not just that I'm
talking to solve some entity like Google
or Alexa I'm really talking to a really
beautiful thing I can have sex so this
so full of intimacy with this entity
