safe Qaddafi the son of former Libyan
leader Muammar Qaddafi will run for
president if elections managed to go
ahead this year his father was driven
from power and killed in 2011 now while
holding no official position CF was one
of the most recognized persons in the
country he was even described as the de
facto prime minister during his father's
rule as Ioffe was then held captive for
six years before being released last
year amid political unrest and we heard
exclusively from sipes lawyer on the
presidential bed al Islam has lots of
supporters they are ordinary people
there are even those who are against
Muammar Gaddafi back in 2011 and now
they support the views of his son the
situation we have in Libya now is the
result of the destruction of all the
state institutions not only the toppling
of the regime 40 countries stood against
Libya back then our country was
bombarded and shelled all the military
and civilian infrastructure was
destroyed many civilians were killed and
now say if our Islam has put forward a
comprehensive overview of the situation
in Libya that's a reform project which
will bring calm back to Libya there are
many young Patriots in Libya now they
are so enthusiastic they are not
concerned about political affiliations
the main thing they care about is a
patriotic spirit and they see it in the
reforms by Seyi FAL Islam they view them
as an effective tool to fight corruption
after the NATO led incursion a civil war
has raged in Libya since Muammar Qaddafi
was overthrown with a power vacuum to
competing governments of vying for
control of the country the conflict has
led to a massive migrant crisis
widespread terrorism as well as violence
among tribal militias the lawyer reveals
saves life is still in danger
well next save our Islam's whereabouts
are kept secret for security reasons as
his lawyer I will do everything to
protect Saif al-islam from all anti
Libyan plots masterminded by the
country's interfering and libyan affairs
as promised saif al-islam will make a
speech when the right time comes and
then
everything will be revealed Libya will
return back to its roadmap would become
a democratic sovereign state a state
where the law will triumph Libya will no
longer be a country of organized crime
illegal migration human trafficking as
it is described in the media we will
defend the interests of the Libyan
people and will protect its resources
which cannot be squandered the Libyan
people must decide their future
themselves
