23 Russian diplomats expelled by London
have now left the UK on a plane bound
for Moscow artiste Polly Boyka reports
from London on the latest in the
standoff between Russia and the UK its
23 diplomats and their families so close
to a hundred people who were waved off
by the remaining embassy staff here in
the UK they boarded a Russian government
plane bound for Moscow and the Russian
ambassador to the UK Alexander yak venko
he escorted them to the airport this is
what he had to say
take a listen when the three diplomats
means 40% reduction and that's a lot for
any embassy that's why there will be
delays in issue of the visas it's
becoming a little bit more complicated
these days you know to work here in the
UK but this is the new realities this is
the absolute different level of
relations we major problem for us in all
this let's say accusation is that we
don't have any evidence no evidence were
presented to us and for the time being
you know we don't have any information
about the poison the diplomatic
expulsion czar all part of this fallout
between the UK and russia following the
poisoning of sergey skripnikov spree
over a couple of weeks ago now over two
weeks ago last week Theresa May blamed
the Kremlin for the attempted murder of
the former double agent and his daughter
she said it was highly likely that the
Naza choke nerve agent originated in
Russia and she announced a raft of
measures in retaliation including these
diplomatic expulsions the Kremlin
responded on Saturday as well in turn
with a list of 23 British diplomats who
were being expelled from Moscow that's
yet to happen the Kremlin's will also
announce the closure of the British
Consulate in Saint Petersburg and the
closure of the British Council which is
sort of the cultural offshoot of the
British Embassy in Russia so tip for tat
measures and tourism a met with her
national security council today
there had been some expectation that she
might introduce more new measures
further measures against the Kremlin but
her spokesperson has just been talking
and she said that there's action being
taken at the border to monitor and track
people whose activity threatens the
security of the UK and its allies she's
saying there's work by international
inspectors to get samples of the nerve
agent ongoing and that the Prime
Minister is looking forward to more
talks with the EU States on the spy
poisoning later on this week so she's
really reinforced what was unveiled last
week but stopped short so far of adding
to the list of measures she has however
said that other measures are being
actively considered and they're going to
be ready to deploy by Theresa May at any
time now in the meantime the
investigation into what actually took
place how that nerve agent was
administered that is still ongoing and
is being handled by London's anti-terror
police unit their latest statement says
that this is an investigation that's set
to last for many months to come they
have some 250 detectives working on
collecting evidence round the clock and
on top of that investigators from The
Hague from the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons they
have arrived in the UK this week they're
collecting samples of the nerve agent
used from the lab that's handling it
here as part of an independent
investigation into what happened and the
results of that are expected to take at
least two weeks Russia on its part
demands that the UK either prove or
apologize for its accusations over the
poisoning of former double agent Sergei
scribble and his daughter in the city of
Salisbury not Italian Hawkins has been
following the standoff so far over the
last 15 days it's very much been a
predictable diplomatic tit-for-tat the
expulsion of those Russian diplomats and
the expulsion of British diplomats
likewise from Moscow what we do know in
terms of the wider Fallout the support
UK has received Chancellor Merkel one
major European power leader has been in
consultation with the Polish Prime
Minister mr. mattes Moriwaki where she
has condemned
and divided Russia provide proof of what
she describes as its non-involvement in
this case proof of its innocence this is
what she had to say we are of the
opinion that there are very serious
indications that Russia has something to
do with this now it's up to Russia to
show that this is not the case the
president macron of France
likewise joining in the chorus implying
that Russia may have stockpiled or
perhaps even lost control of some of
those alleged chemical weapons chemical
agents it does possess calling on Russia
to reveal any details of those to the
OPCW this is the statement from the
French leader the French president has
called on Russian authorities to shed
light on their role in relation to the
unacceptable attack in Salisbury and to
take back full control of any programs
not declared to the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons I
further to those talks in Warsaw the
Polish government also saying
unconfirmed sources at the moment but
saying they are considering expanding
Russian diplomats in solidarity with the
UK are also considering apparently
bringing in sanctions against certain
Russian government officials and certain
companies as well the whole onus here of
course being on Russia to prove its
innocence and prove evidence of a lack
involvement in this case as opposed to
the other around the UK provide evidence
of direct concrete Russian involvement
to the OPCW to these countries etc very
much a scenario of things perhaps likely
being turned on their head here short of
what has been the official Russian
reaction end to all of this well
initially of course Moscow denied any
knowledge any involvement in what
exactly happened to mostest repel pests
off the presidential spokesman saying
that confirming once again that Russia
the Russian Federation has not developed
such nerve agents has not stockpiled
such nerve agents and indeed destroyed
its chemical weapons stockpile last year
in 2017 nevertheless that diplomatic
route has occurred well we told you that
the 23 diplomats had been expelled from
the UK and the borders are playing well
let's get live pictures now from Moscow
cuz I can tell you news in that the 23
diplomats have just arrived back home
you can see the press have gathered to
get a few snaps of them and they've
landed and they'll be very shortly
actually editing from shadow matira
airports here in moscow life it's just
from the scene
now we also spoke to former US diplomat
Jim Jerris about the insistence that
Russia prove its own innocence how do
you ask somebody to prove their
innocence in a vacuum prove you didn't
do something how do you do that when the
Russians of request of the British to
give the same samples they've given to
the OPCW to the Russians so they can
they can compare it to whatever data
they have at their disposal this shows I
think is extreme bad faith on the part
of the British government I think the
Americans and the other Europeans are
basically just sort of going through the
motions in supporting their ally but I
think Theresa May is way out a way out
beyond her evidence on this I I think
this is getting out of control
