a meeting between the Saudi Crown Prince
and Donald Trump is currently underway
in Washington but before the closed-door
talks could occur president Trump
welcomed the Saudi prince into the Oval
Office
the u.s. leader got straight down to
business by giving a small presentation
on US weapons to his guests three
billion dollars five hundred and thirty
three million dollars five hundred and
twenty five million dollars that's
peanuts to you Saudi Arabia is a very
wealthy nation and they're going to give
the United States some of that wealth
hopefully our correspondent Samira Khan
shows me live from Washington DC I hope
I'm not going too far Sameer by saying a
touch of used-car salesman there about
Donald Trump's pitch to the Saudi prince
how's the visit been going though in
general well right here in the nation's
capital people are protesting against
the Saudi princes US tour as well as the
Saudi assault on Yemen now this has all
been going on just as the Senate meets
to vote on legislation that would end
u.s. involvement let's take a quick look
it's here in the US and he's inside the
White House right now meeting with
president truck he's here to secure and
procure more US weapons to be used
against Yemen and to falsely bargain
himself as a reformer while being
responsible for creating the worst
humanitarian disaster on earth
there's been a whole lot of criticism
over the Saudi princes visit as well as
the catastrophe in Yemen but for some
background ten thousand people have been
killed since the start of the conflict
back in 2015 and a Saudi imposed
blockade has left the country at the
brink of famine and the UN has deemed it
the world's worst humanitarian crisis
even though the public has a condemned
US involvement the US has been
supporting the campaign by arming the
Saudis amongst many other things
last year Trump signed a record arms
deal worth about a hundred and ten
billion dollars one of the big at one of
the biggest in history and he reportedly
hopes to continue making deals with
Saudi Arabia but it's unclear how
that'll turn out in this political
climate but some senators have voiced
opposition to u.s. involvement and like
I said before they put forth legislation
in the Senate that would completely put
a stop to us support and they've even
grilled us centcom over the use of
American weapons but it seems that the
Pentagon didn't really have any answers
does fit calm track the purpose of the
missions that it is refueling what
targets it strikes and the results of
the mission senator we do not okay and
apparently Russia will also be on the
agenda when Trump meets with the prince
senior US officials say President Trump
and Mohammed bin Salman will look for
ways to make Russia pay a price for its
aggressions the Kremlin has already
responded expressing regret over the
demonization of Russia describing it as
quote this maniacal desire to make
Russia pay something but due to all of
these protests and the Senate vote
Trump's meeting with the prince might
not go as smoothly as planned
thanks very much samira for that update
our correspondent Samir Khan there live
from Washington
