the red super powers days are numbered
and changes in the air
some of the future candidates seize the
opportunity and start testing out the
political waters in the crumbling State
well this man needs no introduction
although he did back then with his spy
days behind him the wild 90s find
lieutenants in Petersburg or are the
Leningrad as it was back then working as
an adviser for the northern capitals
mayor and it's all his subject
and he's got some harsh words for the
commies onion which totally ambiguous is
blechy would know that civil is olestra
I have machine capitalism now here he is
still reaching
oh there are lots of pictures of Putin
and his boss Anatoly Sobchak from that
time here they are walking and laughing
and posing with a gun and if the name
subject sounds familiar
you've guessed it he's the daddy of
another nominee trying to get into the
Kremlin this year back then
Ksenia is your average politicians kid
giving her thoughts on cultural events
in the city - gushing reporters make us
to bring me a plaque
attending a prestigious school and
playing with putin's daughter in front
of the cameras these two future nominees
are at the epicenter of political life
and their careers are really taking off
in three years
Vladimir Zhirinovsky goes from political
nobody to presidential candidate for PG
subjects me Leo on the fluoroscope
authority would in a course of seven
four news in them that's gotta be on
them not saying it international anxiety
over that kind of rhetoric will come a
bit later with the first big win for
Jura Norskies party at the time
economists grigory yavlinsky is a lot
more of a media darling he's best known
for his market maker of a plan to
introduce the Soviet economy to such
radical ideas as a private property and
the free market all in just 500 days but
no action is taken and he quits deciding
to go it alone in the world of politics
yeah velinski was actually inside the
White House during the failed coup
attempt when communist hardliners tried
to overthrow the reform-minded Gorby one
of our future candidates steers totally
clear of politics in the 90s the
Communists darkhorse Pavel Bure adenine
at this point he's quite happy to run a
state farm named after Lenin he'll go on
to make millions
