Oh Jamie then we display there ladies
and gentlemen
Alex friends friends
good afternoon afternoon we are happy to
welcome you here at the Ministry of
foreign invasion of the Russian
Federation on this still cold winter day
but cool winter day it shows some signs
of spring coming still has some signs
that spring is coming a grateful for
this very prompt response to yesterday's
response to our invitation situation is
indeed extraordinary this situation is
indeed extraordinary and it requires an
immediate highly professional and are
not alittle sized politicized discussion
is needed we have prepared an ad memoir
for you prepared a mental force as I
hope you will be able to today we as the
diplomatic practice requires the
contents of these IDI memoir as required
is somehow great it's of technical and
legal nature and it would be wrong to
gather you here and limit ourselves only
to this to the formal reading out of
this ad memoir that you will have in
your own hands a bit later
that is why I suggest that we have some
discussion here in this very close
diplomatic circle let's take for example
some facts and to begin with let us
consider the humanitarian aspect of
these developments as we all know are
much the force in Salisbury an attack
was carried out against two people
including citizen of the Russian
Federation
Julius creep all different versions come
from Great Britain with regard to how
this was done and the focus is being
placed on the idea that some chemical
substances were used which the British
themselves call knowledge shock let me
say at the outside that none of the
versions we've already heard does not
stand to any criticism and it is within
this very strange
uncle environment that the British
officials hastily without any evidence
whatsoever begin accusing Russia
hysterically of something and for some
reason they also begin to demand at the
same time some
the nation some clarifications from
Russia let me repeat this took place on
the territory of Great Britain an attack
was carried out against the Russian
citizen on the territory of Great
Britain and the simple logic tells us
here there are only two possible options
the British authorities are either
unable of ensuring protection against
such terrorists acts on their territory
or they themselves directly or
indirectly I'm not accusing anyone of
anything have directed this attack
against the Russian citizen there is
simple simply no other third option here
we are at least surprised by the fact
that the British Authority is in
violation of the most general civilised
norms of interstate communications
failed to provide the Russian side even
with consular access to the Russian
citizen who is obviously in trouble
they're looking for some excuses but at
the same time they're themselves
circulating some videos that were taken
allegedly on the site where their
scruple were found all this only
multiplies our questions great britain
does not share with us even an
information that has been obtained
during their investigation they do not
respond to any Russian questions with
regard to Yulia scruple
we do not have any valid data with
regard to what and why
happened to the Russian citizen over the
last two weeks just think about it
all this is taking place in the 21st
century in a seemingly civilized country
it is clear that amid these
circumstances acquiring any explanations
from the Russian side is simply absurd
Russia and this situation by definition
does not owe anything to anyone and can
not they are any responsibility for
actions of failure to act by the British
authorities on their own territory will
see that the British authorities are
becoming more and more nervous and it's
clear why because the clock is ticking
they have themselves driven themselves
into a corner an increasing number of
questions will have to be answered by
them but there is nothing for them to
answer here their logic is of a kind
that no matter what mess would heed it
is your fault and you have to be
responsible for everyone for everything
this logic what if
suited another British or Hollywood TV
series but in real life and in the
relationship with Russia this logic will
not work it has becoming more and more
obvious that this attack against the
screep halls in Salisbury is most
probably another blatantly framed
illegal adventure all we have to do is
to identify the responsible ones and
their goals that they've pursued only
one thing is clear
Russia has nothing to do with this at
least for one very simple reason these
adventure for Russia is simply
unacceptable
we do not benefit from it in any way
however the record of Great Britain is
quite different it's a forest to recall
how just recently ex Prime Minister of
Great Britain Tony Blair admit it
publicly that the leadership of Great
Britain its intelligence services were
aligned to themselves or aligned to the
British nation engaging it into bloody
illegal adventure in Iraq well he did
acknowledge this but at the same time
several hundred thousands of innocent
Iraqi citizens died and no one was
punished for this in any way we can only
make guesses now about who and why is
trying to involve Great Britain into
another dirty and futureless adventure
against Russia as it some hypnosis under
the influence of Michael Behcet's TV
series that was shown to Great Britain
just several months ago named strike
back with the na'vi chalk that was used
even back then in this TV series now
let's turn to an even more serious
aspect of this this year the British
colleagues voiced a version according to
which they chemical warfare agents were
used in this case under consideration
the question comes up this
do this British officials have an idea
of what is a chemical warfare agent any
expert will tell you that the real use
of a chemical warfare agent leads
immediately to numerous casualties right
on the support where this chemical wolf
agent was used we see from reports that
we get from London from Great Britain
from Salisbury that the situation is
totally different there if until now it
has not been the subject of
investigation has not been determined
reliably and all the effects are being
concealed intentionally and the real
evidence could have vanished over this
period of time as by the way this has
happened before in Great Britain
repeatedly and it is not clear what are
they the British talking about and what
do some obligations under the Convention
on the prohibition of chemical weapons
have to do with this well let's move
forward on the 8th of much as we're told
Great Britain made a request to the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons but it was also just
another feeler of London Great Britain
refused to have any cooperation with
Russia although the Convention on the
prohibition of chemical weapons
stipulates a very clear mechanism for
such a car
in between states parties to alleviate
any doubts through an open exchange of
information and consultations which way
could be more constructive simple and
logic than sending an official request
to the Russian side and receiving an
official response within a 10-day period
as provided for by the convention
however the British site rejected this
option on the fly in other words it was
demonstrated to everyone that London
does not is not going to settle anything
pursuing some probably other goals
let me repeat Convention on the
prohibition of chemical weapons
stipulates very clear-cut and simple
mechanism of bilateral consultations
if parties truly willing to settle the
issues this is the most acceptable forum
for lists the beginning of the dialogue
but if this goal of handling the issues
is not the goal of one of the parties
then we will inevitably face a deadlock
well instead of a constructive expert
Dalek and search for solutions one could
run out to the Market Square and shout
that someone that you've been attacked
by someone that the culprit is clear but
for some reason this culprit is far far
away but colleagues please this is not
politics
it's not even politics this looks more
like just another low profile thriller
which we've seen a lot in abundancy this
does not require any diplomacy any work
as ambassadors what is all this for why
do we transform all this into real
politics into interstate relations this
is a very important question
anyways one cannot condone or one cannot
be held liable for such blatant actions
of a similarly civilized state and
Russia is not going to do that
nevertheless we meet yet another step
towards accommodating the interest of
the British sight we suggested that
together with the British side we carry
out a joint investigation in order to
identify the culprits of this Osprey
incident and naturally to ensure that we
requested the access to all the
materials of the scottandchar
investigation without that those
materials one could huddle it get it
real picture of what happened in reality
do you know what happened well another
reduction on the side of Great Britain
without any reasons cited as before let
alone as we found out on the 19th of
March experts of the Technical
Secretariat of the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons arrived
in Great Britain at the official
invitation of Prime Minister to his mail
to carry out an independent analysis of
the findings of the British
investigation into these holes
pre-incident
yesterday the meeting of the UN Security
Council took place with the
participation of the Director General
was in June director-general of the OPCW
as you know the Syrian chemical issues
were discussed however our British
colleagues raised the issue related to
the chemical incident in salt spray on
the whole the atmosphere will was more
or less adequate it was a closed
meetings meetings that took place behind
closed doors that is why there was no
hysteria staged back then since one
wouldn't want such provocations to be
staged within the closed doors and all
the questions could be addressed to the
director-general of the organization for
the prohibition of chemical weapons and
our British colleagues unfortunately the
answers that we caught we're not really
substantial with respect to most
important questions our colleagues just
preferred to shun away from the answer
we look forward for an official detailed
account of developments in Salisbury
from London and the OPCW
we need comprehensive conclusions with
detailed confirmations provided for by
the OPCW as to the compliance with the
chain of custody provided for by the
Convention for the prohibition of
chemical weapons besides we intend to
clarify in the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons under
which paragraph of article age of the
Convention the Technical Secretariat and
Great Britain are cooperating let me
stress that article 8 of the convention
deals with the structure of the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons and the distribution of
functions among its bodies besides one
should remember that within the
framework of the Convention for the
prohibition of chemical weapons
Technical Secretariat has no authority
to conduct independent analysis of
nationalist occasions as was requested
by the British side yet another very
important aspect our British colleagues
brought the sick imagination to the fact
that they dealt put in question the
activity of the very organization for
the prohibition of chemical weapons one
of the most reputable and efficient
international organizations in the
disarmament area let me recall that with
the support of 17 member states of the
OPCW participation of the European Union
and under the close control of the
organisation for the prohibition of
chemical weapons Russia successfully
finalized its national program for the
destruction of chemical weapons
stockpiles it's fully eliminated the
remaining world's largest stockpiles of
chemical weapons that we inherited from
Soviet Union around 40,000 tons of
chemical weapons the data presented with
a liberal mark of Russia's declarations
were verified and confirmed by numerous
inspection groups of the Technical
Secretariat of the OPCW the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
on the 27th of September last year the
OPCW officially confirmed that Russia
had concluded the destruction of all the
existing chemical weapons stockpiles
ahead of schedule and that is the issue
that has been settled once and for all
and for good unscrupulous attempts of
the British politicians
to bring doubt into this noble course do
not give them any honor let's put it
directly London will not be able to
ensure the castigation of the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons and the convention for
the prohibition of chemical weapons it
will not be able to put into doubt its
credibility we believe that all the
state parties all the full-fledged state
parties of the CWC will not let London
do that that would be a catastrophe not
only for the process of the elimination
of chemical weapons but also for
disarmament as a whole such shameful
attempts of London add up to other
conclusions one could easily imagine
that all of it could have been
orchestrated by someone on the other
side of the ocean it is not a secret for
anyone that the British closest ally is
the only state that keeps to officially
maintain the largest stockpiles of
chemical weapons that Troy criticism
coming from there is possible State
Parties of this convention is not really
satisfactory for them and they take it
too close to their heart actually maybe
that is the reason behind the Salisbury
incident well of course I wouldn't want
to come to some conspirators here right
now we are not going to do that at the
same time
the list of questions we weren't quite
written to answer is growing and
multiplying we haven't received a single
clear-cut and comprehensible answer to
any of these questions let me reiterate
that there is no clarity as to the most
important question for us what happened
on the territory of Great Britain to two
citizens of the Russian Federation until
now the testimony and explanations given
by the British colleagues are very
confusing as I conclude I would like to
stress that we watch very carefully the
developments around the scree Paul's
case we take record of all the details
coming out and we are confident that
eventually the initiators and
participants of this provocation will be
held liable and as my latest remark let
me raise another important issue dust
has come to our attention which is of
great importance in order to give a full
picture to you pressure is not accusing
anyone of anything let me stress that
please try not to misrepresent what we
are seeing when talking to the Capitals
yes indeed in our statements we refer to
the capabilities
of the Czech Republic and Sweden and
other states only to set an example of
the high level of research and
development in the world in this field
only in order to stress the importance
of monitoring the dual use capabilities
for all of us and I ask you not to treat
the statements as any claims put forth
against any of our partners that will
only be absurd I stress that in this
context Russia is not accusing anyone of
anything it's not our way of doing
business we do not accuse anyone of
anything without any substantial proof
so that was to say to begin our today's
discussions my colleagues were kind
enough to join me for today's briefing
they represent the Ministry of Defense
the Ministry of Industry and trade which
means that today we have all the chances
to have a substantial detailed
discussions that can be as transparent
as possible
if you do not mind I would give a floor
to the representative of the Ministry of
Defence of the Russian Federation the
command of the troops of radioactive and
chemical protection general pick rank of
who will give his own presentation to
you the floor is yours good day ladies
and gentlemen distinguished guests
I think we should take a wider
perspective on this issue currently
against the backdrop of the developments
in the eastern quarter of the Syrian
Arab Republic Damascus is being
frequently accused of using chemical
weapons at the same time the real facts
asserting the use of chemical weapons on
the territory of Syria against the
government forces are being ignored by
the international community after the
liberation of number of settlements
demonstrated on the screen the Syrian
government forces have found conducting
chemical munitions production facilities
and is up first that these production
facilities were used to produce a
munitions used for provocations in order
to further ship the blame on the
government Syrian government forces at
the beginning of March the Minister of
Foreign Affairs of Syria stated that the
fighters in East gouta are preparing a
large-scale provocation against the
Syrian government Damascus officially
confirmed its presence to give
assistance to any probe into chemical
attacks in Syria however international
organizations refused to cooperate with
the government of Syria basically
abetting terrorist organizations as they
pursue their illegal activities the
prime minister of syria stated that over
40 tons of toxic agents were found on
the page with liberators from terrorists
the foreign minister of syria stressed
that the authorities of syria demanded
that the experts from the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
should go to aleppo hanahuna east gouta
however the Technical Secretariat of the
organization
used this to this requests due to great
danger the visitation of this citizen to
them prior to the 87th meeting of the
Executive Council of the OPCW the
Minister of Defense of Russia discovered
that the facts of provocations prepared
by the terrorist organizations with the
use of chemical weapons aimed at
discrediting the government of Bashar
Assad and at helping the US and their
allies arriving at an anti Syrian
resolution is obvious the discovery of
the provocations being prepared during
the plans of the us-led coalition to
attack key military objects of Syria in
order to tip the balance of powers in
favour of the so-called moderate
opposition the change in the main theme
of the 87th meeting of the OPCW
Executive Council from the Syrian
chemical dosia to the unsubstantiated
accusation against the Russian
Federation due to the chemical attack
and Salisbury and accusation against
Russia pertaining to the violation of
the OPCW only confirm the conclusion
that the goes the escalation pursued
before were derailed for example to
resume made a number of statements
according to which the nava choke nerve
agent that were used to poison scruple
his daughter could have been produced in
Russia as expected the British side
hasn't provided any real proof
all the requests for joint consultations
and provision of samples taken from the
location opportunity were ignored a big
deal maybe so it turns out that Great
Britain is a friend of carrying out of a
professional investigation involving
highly qualified experts in fact all
this unsupported accusations against
Russia are based solely on interviews
and statements made by Ville Mira's
ayianna let me remind you that in 1996
bill mercy on earth have a graded to the
United States is currently living in the
US and working for the u.s. government
in Princeton New Jersey has been
supported in numerous occasions and has
nine signed and numerous occasions the
appeal of the Russian opposition Putin
must go away in 2008 mister mercy on
have published a book titled state
secrets an insider's chronicle of the
Russian chemical weapons program which
published the formula of a substance
named as na be choked by Great Britain
and described in great detail the
synthesis of this substance and
according to their zeon of himself the
novel chalk nerve agent is 10 times
deadlier than any other known and
developed substances
possessing formulas and description of
processes in this work it suffices to
have education it suffice is to graduate
from the chemical University you need
all the relevant equipment and chemical
elements in order to get this highly
potent chemical warfare agent without
much trouble Russian Federation sees the
fact of publication by ville-marie
yonathan Hesburgh of formulas of the so
called chemical agents and the processes
of their synthesis as an act of
collaboration with terrorists therefore
all questions on alleged existence of
Navi chalk and his purpose should be
addressed to mr. Mirza Yaniv who's
working for the government of the US he
says that Navi chalk is a highly toxic
chemical warfare agent and Russia has
nothing to do with this
at the same time I would like to point
out that from 1970s recession
development has been carried out in
Western Europe to develop chemical
warfare agents of a new generation Great
Britain has been one of the states
carrying out this program with huge
experience and knowledge and development
of such substances let me remind you
that it was Great Britain that developed
and patented in six 1962 the production
of organic phosphorus chemical agent of
VX type under the number gb1 three four
six 409a
this Paden was later sold to the US one
of the most important facilities in
Great Britain that is engaged in the
development and research of chemical
agents as the Porton Down laboratory
located by a lucky accident just a few
kilometers away from Salisbury a
well-known fact that was officially
acknowledged in 2006 by the British
government is the experiments that were
carried out by Britain involving Ronald
Madison and 360 other citizens in order
to study the influence of the serine
chemical warfare agent on the human body
until now portent our laboratory is a
top-secret facility the list of
activities of which includes not only
disposal of all samples of chemical
weapons but also experiments under the
pretext of elaboration of protective
measures against the use of chemical and
biological weapons that is what is
published on the official website of the
slab in the light of the recent news on
the allocation by the British government
of about 50 million pounds to this
laboratory a question arises are the
Porton Down experts going to destroy the
very Navi chalk that they've been
talking about and the presence of which
was announced yesterday during interview
by Boris Johnson Boris Johnson said that
they had samples of this substance some
information has emerged recently in mass
media about the great pressure that is
being put on the employees of the
laboratory important down in order to
obtain conclusions on the Russian origin
of the chemical agent used in Salisbury
at the same time I would like to
underscore that while all countries are
seeking the destruction of their
chemical weapons stockpiles Great
Britain is developing its port and our
laboratory quite actively and under the
pretext of developing effective
countermeasures against chemical and
biological weapons it continues its
experiments and Ciavarella's its own
nation this photos show two shots that
were taken and the transformations and
the infrastructure over the five-year
period of operation of this organization
Russian Federation in its turn is a
conscientious State that abides by the
provisions of the Convention on the
prohibition of chemical weapons this
fact as was confirmed by the statement
of the OPCW director-general mr. Ahmed
ozone Jew dated September 27th 2017
which records full destruction by the
Russian Federation of all its chemical
weapons
despite the confirmed fact of
destruction by Russia all its chemical
weapons arsenal Great Britain continues
to accuse a country without any evidence
of violating the Convention and what
looks particularly cynical of this
situation is the allegations put against
us by the US the country that until now
has not destroyed its chemical weapons
arsenal referring to the lack of funding
for the implementation of this measures
this course is not just our bewilderment
but also deep indignation how come that
the country with the biggest defense
budget in the world is unable to
allocate funding and to properly meet
its obligation
under the convention it is simply
impossible to believe this given that
the u.s. refers to the lack of funding
each and every time with regard to this
international obligations that do not
meet the interests of this day despite
the ratification of international
treaties in this field
comparing these situations in Salisbury
with the earlier provocations in easton
goethe and in country hune and
unambiguous conclusion comes to mind
that the west in order to discredit the
russian federation and it's legal
government in order to achieve their
goals are ready to employ and in methods
and means of dubious and illegal nature
thank you Thank You Igor this very
optoma this very optimist note we would
be ready to move to further discussions
I hope that you were able to somehow
process some of what you've heard some
things of what you've heard today if you
need some additional clarifications
we're here in front of you and we'll be
ready to try to answer your questions
with regard to what's going on thank you
you can have the floor now the floor is
open
you will receive an ad memoir therefore
everything that I've spoken about today
my opening remarks what was said by
general kirilov this is a supplement and
is to follow up on what you will receive
in region 4
right now with a translation into
English and you will be able to
communicate with your capitals by
transferring our at memoir I apologize
for not being able to translate this
into French Spanish Arabic and Chinese
of course and future we'll be preparing
in a more serious manner to such events
we respect all languages spoken by our
partners and we always try to speak
their language with all of our partners
on the whole what we've told you about
today was hudley and in use to you well
we have maybe provided a wider picture
of some details here but in principle
when I was myself preparing for today's
meeting I used as grounds as foundations
what was said by our Minister it was
said by our permanent representatives to
the organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons in the hague by our
permanent representative to the UN in
New York this is a an intertwined
process as it is the case with all of us
if at this moment you do not have any
questions then we could use ordinary
diplomatic channels to continue this
communication with all of you because it
is of extreme importance to make sure
that there are no questions left on such
serious topics if we truly seek the goal
of resolving the existing problems they
should be first of all discussed raised
and solutions should be found to them
this is the only possible way of getting
some positive results unfortunately we
do not witness this with the British
side at this point but I hope that some
moment will come when the British
colleagues will regain their highest
diplomatic professionalism and expert
level I personally treat like this the
British diplomats and experts and their
professionals I'm shocked by what we had
to hear from this who called politicians
it's very hard to call such people
college politicians I'm ashamed of the
fact that such people are making public
statements from London I'm ashamed for
those people experts diplomats from
Britain that have been communicating
with for you decades well if there are
no questions then let us assume that
we've been able to yes I'm sorry I
didn't see you please use the mic there
is the mic here could you please
introduce yourself unfortunately I'm not
familiar with all ambassadors here good
afternoon my name is Mario Casas I'm
deputy ambassador of the slovak republic
i would like to thank you for this
privilege for this information that has
been provided my question follows the
instruction from our headquarters
from our capital produce lava Maria has
a however I'm not sure about the word in
Russian the spokeswoman of the Russian
Foreign Ministry named to some countries
that have been developing this for I see
I see this substance including my
country Slovakia and he have already
commented on this but my capital asks me
to comment this statement about Slovakia
thank you very much for this question it
is my great pleasure that our very close
friends in Slovakia ask me this question
I do not know where but whether it's for
good or for bad but Slovakia was just
mentioned as a part of Czechoslovakia
because later we checked this and what
was said is that Czechoslovakia had a
high well-developed capabilities for
chemical military developments it does
not mean that we're accusing
Czechoslovakia of anything there was
something positive we were talking about
the high level of chemical industry in
Czechoslovakia and and somehow it
happened by accident that it wasn't just
the Czech Republic that it was the
Czechoslovakia so we apologize for this
for this mistake but let me repeat we do
not have any claims with regard to the
Czech Republic thank you very much yes
please
we'll get to a mic is Emma Nottingham
and I'm from the British Embassy and I
thought it might be helpful in the
context of this briefing to just briefly
set out the context as the UK sees it
and the actions that we have taken with
regards to the Russian government and I
should say up front that we have offered
when this is after this incident
occurred the Russian government a chance
for a bilateral discussion but we have
had no constructive bilateral engagement
so far and but I'll set out the
situation in more detail so as I'm sure
you'll be aware Sergei is Gopal and his
daughter Yulia were poisoned with a
military grade another chakra nerve
agent of a type developed by Russia in
what we see as an attempted
assassination attempt the UK concluded
it was highly likely that Russia was
responsible for the attempted murder
murder of these two people based on four
factors the identification of the
chemical agents by our world-leading
scientists our knowledge that Russia has
previously produced this agent and would
still be capable of doing so
Russia's record in conducting state
sponsors assassinations both in Russia
and overseas and our assessment that
Russia views defectors as legitimate
targets for assassinations my foreign
secretary invited the Russian ambassador
to London into the Foreign Office to
give Russia an account of what had
happened
Russia has offered us so far no
explanation of how this agent came to be
used in the United Kingdom and no
explanation as to why Russia as has an
undeclared chemical weapons program in
contravention of international law
instead what we've seen is a barrage of
distortion and disinformation coming out
of the system here and it's hence to
confuse the facts we concluded that
based on all of this evidence and there
was an unlawful use of force by the
Russian State against the United Kingdom
and I should underline that in addition
to an attempted assassination attempt
so it was also threats posed to the
broader British public and Thea and
thistles this act also undermines the
Chemical Weapons Convention and
international law which is a an issue
that concerns us greatly in response to
two specific issues that were raised in
this briefing and I think and two issues
that were raised in the this briefing
the accusation that the UK has the
obligation under the campaign Chemical
Weapons Convention to provide Russian
with samples is false
in line with the convention the UK has
the right to lead its own national
response in response to an action that
has happened on UK territory we are
engaging with the OPCW and OPCW and team
is in the UK at the moment to look at
our analysis Russia one other issue that
concerns us is that Russia has denied
that it has produced the Nova toc agent
we've heard some comments here with
regards that in this briefing but I
would underline that members of Russia's
Commission for chemical tournament have
said in the past week that an agent had
been produced previously given this
conflicting with this conflicting
analysis it would and we've asked for
clarification from Russia as to whether
it has produced another job and why he
it has not declared another job under
the Chemical Weapons Convention as I
should say again we have asked Russia
for explanations as to how this agent
which we have evidence is a Russian
produced agent has made its way on to
you pay soil we have provided no we have
been provided no explanation of this
despite having offered Russia the chance
bilaterally to have provided such an
explanation and I should say to
international partners in this briefing
we are very happy to in a different
format
have further discussions on the details
of our approach and at any point in the
future spicy we will thank you very much
it gives me great pleasure to realize
that we have an opportunity to listen to
the British perspective I believe it is
very useful for everyone because it once
again demonstrates how many differences
there are in our assessments and
approaches what we say is that on the
territory of Great Britain attack has
been staged against Russian citizens and
we ask for all the information regarding
this terrorist attack against Russian
citizens that took place on the
territory of Great Britain as we believe
and we haven't been given any
information we are being told about some
sort of a knowledge shock some sort of
Russia's attack at Great Britain let me
stress once again to Russian citizens
became exposed to an attack on the
territory of Great Britain and what we
hear from Gordon is that it is Russia
that attacked Great Britain isn't that
great what we hear is that it is Russia
that owes something to that what is
going on in their heads actually what we
cannot understand what's going on there
and even not so we're not obliged to
give anything to Crate Britain it is an
attack to Russian citizens on the
territory of Great Britain so why don't
we carry out a joint investigation
ensuring the transparency of all the
data rather than talk about some sort of
knowledge Hulk toxic agents and so on so
forth
please try to understand the fact
that that is the terminology borrowed
from British TV series aren't you
ashamed of saying that in such a
distinguished audience with the presence
of the ambassadors from a host 50 states
aren't you ashamed of talking about some
sort of Narvik agents aren't ashamed of
using such terms well I feel very sorry
for the British diplomacy just have a
look at what Russia is doing we are
pursuing completely different goals and
objectives in the world please try to
get detached from you from your
russophobic cleanse from your island
dominated might set I am sorry for that
I'm proud of the British diplomacy
that's why I take it too personally when
they hear such things we have learned a
lot from your colleagues from your
experts you have you have the highest
level of expertise why don't we all get
together and try to find out what
actually happened why did you try to get
Isolators putting all the blame on us
and what's next
actually what comes next we're not going
to respond to this anyway anyhow if you
allow me well mr. Hall stop Victor hot
stuff problem many of you know him for
many years he'd been involved into the
program for the elimination of chemical
weapons why don't we give floor to him
and after that we'll answer your
question thank you very much
in relation to the question raised by
the representative of the British
Embassy let me say the following
first of all with all responsibility let
me take that in other toxic agents in
addition to those declared by Russia in
line with the Convention for the
prohibition of chemical weapons in 1987
haven't been produced by Russia and
naturally it doesn't have any stockpiles
of those are they toxic agents all the
stockpiles were declared by the Russian
Federation they were verified by the
relevant representatives of the
Technical Secretariat of the OPCW and
destroyed under the permanent control of
the experts from the Technical
Secretariat that issue arose from the
publication's of mr. Mirza yang who
decided to go to the years in order to
get a better life after the collapse of
the Soviet Union after certain economic
difficulties emerged but why don't we
analyze closely what is written about
his first publications did not have any
formulas related to some new toxic
agents his first publication appeared in
the year 2000 in the Russian language
and again it didn't contain any
technologies and formulas
and at that very time many other
chemical agents were well-known that
can't be added to the category here
later on mentioned I can give you the
following examples
well the Czech Republic has been
mentioned already I might be pardoned
what Slovakia has been mentioned again
again in relation to the Czech Republic
my bad
I respect the scientists who worked in
the Czech Republic at the problem of
protecting the population in the
consequences of the possible use of
chemical weapons that is Professor Matt
Ocean he's the greatest scientist and I
admire him personally and mr. Otto
Schalk as it demonstrators 1994 the
whole range of chemical substances in
his publications as a countermeasure to
possible threats posed by chemical
weapons these chemicals were mentioned
together with many other sectors it
won't matter if I'm using this name
right together with him he gave a couple
of dozens of such chemicals this is the
table that he published in 1994 without
any relation to Russia and anything
that's going on right now there there is
all the information regarding the
toxicology of these chemical substances
this table contains their structural
formulas and there are dozens of such
chemicals
and it says that measures ought to be
taken in order to ensure the protection
from this chemical substances and there
there is nothing that about lava choke
agents and I understand him perfectly
well as a scientist and back in 1983 the
connection was ready to be signed by the
state quarters and although the
convention stipulates the procedure for
amending the list of chemicals any such
delays would have delayed the
implementation the beginning of
deployment ation of this convention and
under that very basis no steps were
taken by any of the supporters who had
an idea about such chemicals
besides mistress that the United States
of America carried our watch sku
research with respect to such chemicals
I'm not talking about the based on the
data provided by Mattel Shack or any
other publications but here is the data
base with respect to one of the such
chemicals spectral analysis even met
OSHA didn't have such an analysis vector
analysis he had only toxicology
published and here is an official
database of such all for the chemical
substances of 1998 of the Edgewood
Arsenal of the Minister of Defense of
the Secretary of Defense all for the USA
so now comes 90 98 at the beginning of
the year 2000 as I antigen still didn't
have any formulas but he realized that
he need to make a living and he came up
with a new publication mentioned today
called state secrets and for the first
time like that he
gave such formulas and at a political
motive otherwise he wouldn't have
received an economic dividends he put it
into connection with Russia and the
question is why hasn't he come up with
that earlier well the answer is quite
simple this book was submitted to the
Technical Secretariat of the OPCW by the
US the scientific Angus olive wood of
this organization thoroughly addressed
this issue and as a result they came to
the following conclusion more and more
attention has been attached by NGOs to
the issue of toxic agents despite the
fact that not so many information has
been published it's been stated that the
new class of nerve agents have been
developed called Nava choc and former
Titans worked in the defense sector
published a book stating that the novel
can be even more lethal and toxic than
the the axe type agent besides it is
stated there that there is no proof and
substantial stated data regarding the
fact that this new types of toxic agents
exist as a result it was concluded that
OPCW should extend its knowledge about
such toxic agents in order to meet the
objectives of the Convention which means
that any state can make its own
proposals should they have substantial
data
in order to bring about amendments to
the convention and only after the
substantiated research of the scientists
of the Czech Republic the information
appeared about Edwards facility toxic
agents and only after that messiaen made
his own publication and here as
commander of the reaction troops mayor
general kirilov stated there is article
1 of the convention according to which
any state party to this convention is
obliged not to produce or acquire store
and keep toxic agents or to transfer
this chemical weapons directly or
indirectly to anyone under any
circumstances and in such publications
it is stated that the effect of indirect
transfer of chemical weapons is being
carried out the transfer of knowledge
it means the indirect transfer of
chemical weapons why did the u.s.
government resort to such a blatant
violation of article 1 of the Convention
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
now that's what I have to say on this
issue later on this issue was addressed
at the review conference of the
organization and similar conclusions
were made thank you for your attention
thank you very much
Viktor Ivanovitch we have got the
question that it's been asked do you
have a mic
good day I would like to thank you for
such a formative briefing my name is
Franco Pablo which I am deputy
ambassador of the Republic of Serbia the
country that has been exposed to such
hysteria staged by Western countries in
the night rose lots of deformation was
circulated in the 90s as well of a
comparison I believe here we're talking
about something different and something
that happened back then that led to the
bombardment of Bosnia Herzegovina and
then the bombardment of Serbia although
you are aware of the fact that it's
arrived at the makalah markets a similar
incident took place the Muslims
destroyed the market and they put the
blame on the Serbs that was a pretext
for the bombardment of Bosnia
Herzegovina when qazvin took her word
taken away from us the British and
Americans actually the following in the
rucksack village they brought together
the fighters of the vacate units it was
done by the CNN by the way then they you
CNN to show that these were the Serbs
who did that and who killed so many
people and it was a pretext that led to
the apartment of Yugoslavia 1991
with the use of depleted uranium I'll
get back to the question I just wanted
to give you a background and what I have
in mind
as a result the incidence of cancer has
grown by 12 times since Herbert people
keep dying of cancer and those who were
behind those moments don't even care
about that so that is my question you
remember the year 2003 when Colin Powell
was showing the vial with the chemical
substance it was broadcast by CNN many
other agencies who said that Saddam
Hussein's government produced chemical
weapons that became the pretext for the
bombing of Iraq that was the information
provided by the mass media and followed
but either Soros according to which some
of the missiles of the coalition used
chemical weapons and so you can compare
this story to what's going on right now
towards to discuss in relation to
scruples case that's what I wanted to
say thank you
thank you very much Wow there can be
lots of comparisons made and lots of
similarities found system a message we
do understand the assessments made by
our Serbian friends and brothers
we're solidary with you and we helped
you the best we could
we will take even more efforts to help
you right now at this point saying that
Great Britain is following the path that
was walked by Colin Powell who later and
by the way I have much respect for him I
knew him personally when I was in the
United States and worked for the embassy
we talked a lot I was responsible back
then for the military and political
relations with the United States and I
value him as a professional so that was
a step of a high-level politician when
he dared to acknowledge his mistake I
would like to draw another parallel here
I would wish to see more politicians of
such kind in Great Britain who would try
to understand what's really going on and
then make some hasty conclusions in
order to make sure that I wouldn't have
to blush for what's been done but
earlier that is the parallel that I
would draw here well put in some label
says very easy but our goal is different
it is to build a mutually advantageous
relationship with all States and Great
Britain is among those states of course
and I think it would be useful for
everyone to have as few cases in
interstate relations of such kind as
possible so that we could convene here
for some other matters so that we could
discuss how productive our cooperation
is and dealing with some real issues
other than
some artificial events that's what my
response would be I guess we would like
to thank our Serbian friends for
recalling those events which must never
be forgotten the now - bombardment of
Yugoslavia is a black spot on interstate
relations no one can ever forget this
because unfortunately the world was
developing at some point in such a way
that such bombardment just at waving of
test-tubes samples could be applied to
any state but we hope that this is
already the history and no one will have
no any intentions of such nutri what I
hear from Victor whole stuff is that it
happened in the center of Europe
civilized democratic states member of
the European Union are using booms
enriched through the uranium this is the
highest degree of democracy the highest
degree of European values a lot could be
sad in this regard and we have something
to say here but going back to the topic
our briefing if someone else has
questions would be happy to try to
answer this yes please thank you very
much Leona along with the French Embassy
thank you very much for for this
briefing first I would like to express
the full solidarity of friends with the
UK after the chemical attack that was
conducted on its territory and just
reaffirm that we fully trust the
investigate
of the British authorities of which
we've been closely informed it must be
reminded that no chemical weapon was
used as been used on the European soil
since the ends of World War two so this
is something we must have in mind and
this makes the cyber attack first a
matter of international security much
question is the following you said and I
think we can all agree with that that
the opacity value is one of the most
reputable international organization in
the world so the question is will you
trust the outcome of the work currently
be conducted by the OPCW experts
alongside the British experts on the
Salisbury case whatever these results
will look like thank you I see well sure
thank you very much I have already
address this question in my presentation
let me remind you that within the
framework of the Chemical Weapons
Convention within the framework of the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons there is no possibility
to give such assessment of what's
happened in Salisbury in any case it
would require a more thorough expert
assessment and in any case for Russia to
be able to draw any conclusions we would
need to carry out our own investigation
such an drawn in touch ins as to
investigate something somewhere without
disclosing effects to anyone and then
presenting these results as the ultimate
truth would not be accepted by us
we know how some as you think
reliable mechanisms in Syria worked
this was the these were the actions that
were distorting their reality this has
been confirmed now so telling you right
now that some actions will be taken by
someone from among the OPCW experts that
something will be investigated in
Salisbury and that Russia would take it
as ultimate truth we will not do this
right now at this point if you want to
investigate it we are ready for a joint
investigation if you do not want to have
this investigation then that will be a
totally different question I'm somehow
surprised by this propaganda phrase that
France expresses its full solidarity
well good for you we understand that you
were made to do this but why do you have
to say this here it looks ridiculous
because France has no data whatsoever on
this case it looks like some painful
demonstration of demonstration within
NATO or the European Union I would like
to add a few words here we're surprised
by the British position on this very
serious matter
voiced by them what is this the
Technical Secretariat of the OPCW has
proven that on the territory of Syria
and Iraq fighters of the Islamic state
using it are producing chemical agents
like a prett mustard gas so do you
believe that accusing Russia is much
more important than a thorough
investigation of the incident are you as
a country as Great Britain not concerned
about your population fighters have a
lot of capabilities we all see this this
has been confirmed so let's carry out an
investigation at the professional level
let's just not declare that for sure
produced Nobby Chuck what is Navi talk I
know what is a third agreed of metal
phosphorus ACS what do you mean by Navi
chalk let's make sure that professionals
are engaged into the investigation and
not vice-versa thank you thank you very
much yes please
Nigella Peter Sam Slom Adama my name is
Murray bender guard I'm from the Swedish
embassy I have two comments which I
think might be useful for this gathering
the first refers to something that's
already been brought up by my stovic
colleague Sweden was also mentioned in
this context I just want to were
underlying the Sweden has been very
clear on this matter
swing us forcefully rejected the
unacceptable and unfounded allegation
but Russian MFA spokesperson and that a
nerve agent used in Salisbury might
originate in Sweden my second comment I
would like to echo my French colleague
here and underlining that Sweden and
together with the European Union has
expressed its unqualified solidarity
with the UK and it supports thank you
thank you very much to the Honorable
representative of Sweden if you found in
the statement by our director of press
Department of director of Department of
Press any allegations against Sweden I'm
ready to apologize in front of you
because no allegations or accusations
against Sweden have not been made for
sure but the fact that you confirm your
solidarity with Great Britain maybe
that's good because it's good to help
each other let's all express our
solidarity with each other and let us
begin a true genuine expert
investigation into this case and not
just some misuse of words as nabhi
chakra starry chalk or the old man do a
chalk or the fool we have a lot of those
words in Russian language I'm an embassy
you complained earlier that the UK did
not as it should have been under the
Chemical Weapons Convention raised this
matter with you bilaterally in order to
to address it my question is I've seen
that in it in the first official
statement that your ministry put out on
the issue on the 13th of March if I'm
correct the Russian Foreign Ministry
stated that the action of the UK
authorities are a clear provocation and
are intended to discredit Russia does
that in your view correspond to the
obligation under the kamek kamek a
weapons convention to address such an
issue bilaterally in good faith after
the in my view very legitimate questions
that had been raised a day earlier by
the British prime minister towards
Russia thank you
merci thank you very much to the
Honorable representative of Germany I do
not know you personally well enough I
don't know what you're responsible for
so any person who's an expert engaged in
arms control issues familiar with the
procedure for how position is outlined
who's familiar with how international
negotiations are conducted understands
that if you want to achieve something
you need to first of all provide some
arguments and to move forward together
to some conclusions if a representative
of other state approaches you and begins
accusing you of something without
present in every any evidence then a
prompt solution is nowhere to be seen in
this case therefore I don't quite
understand the way you asked your
question let me reiterate Russia has
been insistently and consistently
advocating for a comprehensive probe
into the Salisbury incident we stand
ready to participate as actively as
possible in this if we hear that someone
somewhere have found something and
Russia is to blame it means that we
won't be able to move anywhere forward
these are you're Prettyish difficulties
the the way that you are behaving like
this and we will not be responding to
such presentation of this matter if you
want an investigation to take place
please in
vote us please disclose all the data and
we can assure you we will come and we
will arrive at some truth that's that's
it that's very easy and simple that's
the only way how important interstate
problems dealt with no other way would
work here yes please anyone else Ryan
the United States Embassy which it is it
is important particularly in this forum
to demonstrate that we in the United
States also stand in complete solidarity
with our partners in the United Kingdom
in the European Union and in NATO and
it's it's important especially in this
forum as you have mentioned a former
Secretary of State Colin Powell and the
courage that you suggest that he
demonstrated it's interesting in that in
this forum instead of demonstrating a
similar type of courage you attack
attack attack my British colleague and
in this forum in particular in this
forum in particular instead of
demonstrating the type of courage that
we would hope to have seen in the 21st
century the Russian Federation continues
its tried-and-true tactic of denying
responsibility distracting and dissing
forming again we stand with our
colleagues in the United Kingdom and we
will as with our colleagues in the
United Kingdom hold Russia accountable
for its illegal actions thank you very
much for this statement I would be very
interested in seeing how the legal
experts of the US would assess your
statement made here
because I I don't know maybe you work
for the State Department right we've
never met before did we well to be frank
they were the times when I knew everyone
in the State Department and everyone in
this State Department knew me so looks
like it's been a long time ago however
no one in the State Department used to
speak anything to say anything like this
before but maybe that is the instruction
that you've received from Washington and
everyone fulfills here their own mission
as concerns solidarity I would which you
to express solidarity in the same way
with the Serbian nation I would wish to
hear from the US official some words of
solidarity with the Serbian people who
suffered from NATO bombardment because
what happened in Salisbury is unclear to
all of us you are being great for
expressing solidarity with your ally
from NATO with your closest ally that is
worth paying tribute to and I am not
ionizing it it's the right thing to do
but why don't we move beyond that why
don't we move to the investigation of
what actually happened well accusations
against Russia you know we've heard so
many of them but we aren't really
concerned about that anymore what you
want is to investigate the incident in
Salisbury if you want to do that that's
great let's do together that would be
the expression of solidarity
there is nothing for us to respond to
yet no question has been put forth yet
all the data should be open to us
regarding the investigation that is
being pursued as a help in Salisbury
starting from CCTV footage we're living
in the 21st century well Great Britain
is among most advanced countries in the
world you record everything why don't
you share that information with that and
we'll help you with the investigation
our Serban Khalid was correct to think
about some parallels wait don't we write
now recall the downing of the Malaysian
Boeing don't you remember that you
started accusing Russia of its involved
this tragedy before the boy hit the
ground
have you forgotten about that I'm sure
you took that the detailed recording of
all the information regarding who was
behind the downing of his volume in the
years I understand that he has to work
in the State Department and do you have
nothing to do with that but you have
everything recorded you have your own
satellite about that territory that is
why you have all the detailed
information recorded regarding as who
down the Malaysian Boeing for some
reason someone immediately started to be
silent about that the investigation is
in deadlock Russia hasn't been invited
to this vestigation once again let me
stress once again Russia was accused
even before the Boeing actually fell and
that has been confirmed the US
has all the data as to who and how
committed that have you share that
information with anyone with Malaysia or
the Netherlands maybe yeah I got that
any other questions go ahead good
evening
that was Korea ambassador of the
Republic of Venezuela I would like to
express support to the way Russia is
trying to address this matter it is
acting in a transparent and responsible
manner you are trying to invite to the
British government to address this issue
in a civilized manner
and we would like to learn more about
this investigation as our friends from
server told us about the department get
out in the post or we would like to
recall what happened in Syria in Libya
in Iraq in Afghanistan we would like to
express support to your government and
my question is the following what do you
think why it actually happened in the
first days we were reading a lot about
the possible reasons behind this
incident
the work goes to derail the elections
although it failed then there were
guesses that the goal was to damage the
World Cup but again that wasn't really
true then there were gases around
president Putin's address to the Federal
Assembly what is your point of view well
these are very interesting questions
thank you for that I don't think they
fall within my mandate because I'm
specializing in arms control issues
whereas your issues are a bit of a
philosophical category well I believe
that their answers to all your questions
mentioned by you already well you have
seen the assessments given at a high
political level
with respect to this incident
I'm not going to reiterate them here
once again I don't want to be
misunderstood right now our main goal
here is not to start asking whether
anyone was willing to deliver a blow to
Russia through this incident well we
have got used to pay for attacks it was
staged by our colleagues from the US and
Great Britain even France is joining the
fray demonstrating similar trends we're
not even paying attention to such
attacks what her focused on is
to pursue no interstate relations
against the backdrop of transformed
conditions when the world has moved away
from multipolar from a unipolar world
order in the night all the decisions
were made in Washington and no one dared
or could put those decisions into doubt
even in our country at the level of the
leadership of the country at the Foreign
Ministry there were people who didn't
even think about questioning anything
that was said in Washington whether it
was good or bad well it is not us to
decide but these times are over and it
is high time for us to build new
interstate relations based on the
current reality relative Libyan in 2018
rather than to cling to the outdated
schemes presented by Colin Powell Tony
Blair for which the had to apologize
publicly if you want me to share my
personal assessment of the reasons the
possible reasons behind this whole
spirit incident I'd say that these were
planned actions against Russia planned
in advance
but gained momentum and led to what
happened well I do hope that common
sense will prevail in London well one
don't have even to admit that they have
a commitment they have made a mistake we
don't need that what we need is to
cooperate in addressing resolving
problems you're faced with that's what
we need we will won't require any
apologies from you why don't we just
cooperate calmly if there is a problem
why don't we try to address it if you
don't have problems then then it is a
settle issue the problem is that people
innocent people are suffering too
innocent Russian citizens became victims
on the tilt row of the great territory
of Great Britain and we have huge doubts
regarding the fact that someone will
actually be punished for that and it's
not the first incident like that if we
are to bring pearls we could recall
Boris Berezovsky keys who asked
President Putin to let him come back
home and all of a sudden Boris
Berezovsky committed suicide in London
an accident happened you see these kind
of accidents that are taking place on
the territory of our British colleagues
and it's not an exception it's a trend
that can all lead us to conspiracy
theories but what we want is to avoid
such accidents and if they took take
place why don't we investigate them
together if you're a civilized state why
don't you make all the information open
and why don't we start investigating
into this in this case together it is
stupid to accuse brush-up anything
because Russia is not going
to respond to any of such
unsubstantiated accusations in other
questions go ahead ambassador
bosnia-herzegovina I kindly asked
colleagues not to involve victims of
Bosnia and Herzegovina in this
discussion thank you for understanding
spinning my name what do you say we
understand that request each and
everyone has their own stance on the
issue thank God we haven't touched here
the conflict between North Korea and
South Korea or it would take us three or
four more hours I'm mocking you that is
the position of the said if it is a
state position should be stated the
conflict of bosnia-herzegovina is going
is that going to be mentioned here well
I believe that we're behind all the
deadlines whole their time limits I
would like to thank all of you once
again for coming here for contributing
to these discussions and I would like to
express hope that we have been able to
help at least in some way our British
colleagues in finding ways to cooperate
I cannot say that we all help to you
anyhow in your investigation it is your
business how to pursue this
investigation but since it is Russian
citizens that became victims we would
insist that all the information all the
data is given to us thank you very much
for your attention see you soon
