hard work never harmed anyone is how the
saying goes but that's not the case for
one French Baker
he's been fined 3000 euro for refusing
to take a day off
my first year I worked in July and
August seven days per week with special
permission the second year the bakers
union prohibited me from continuing but
I decided to work seven days anyway in
July in August because my customers and
the tourists asked me to I didn't think
this would be such a big deal I got a
letter from the administration saying I
owed them 3000 euros which is not a
small fine for me the tourist area seems
essential that the business can open
every day during the summer there's
nothing worse than closed shops when
there are tourists our town is getting
motor istic and it's annoying the people
who arrived here for vacation can get
fresh bread whenever they want I don't
understand why we don't have the right
to have a bakery that works every day
and I think that I find Oh 3,000 euros
is too big that's why I launched the
petition and the majority of people
signed it immediately what I think about
this story is that people who just want
to work and being punished but they're
only doing it for other people there are
a lot of people here in sama and so
there are a lot of small businesses as
well I want to help them
it's stupid that we can't do what we
want in our own stores it seems like in
France when you are willing to work you
are shamed when you're doing a job that
you love I don't see why it should be a
problem to work five six or seven days
