- in return Sam we're going underground
on st. Patrick's Day coming over the
show from the UK Lords International
Relations Committee Lord Alf tells us to
resume has not brought out all the
angles on her response to the atrocity
and wilcher in the southwest of England
and his cold war rhetoric freezing
diplomacy in Britain we speak to
award-winning author and Rolling Stone
journalist Matt maybe about how
anti-russian hysteria could lead us to a
nuclear winter plus the consultant
editor for the Lord Rothermere own Daily
Mail Andrew Pierce predicts the fallout
from Wiltshire will lead to the end of
jeremy corbyn's political career
although some more coming up in today's
going underground but first British
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn didn't even
use one of his questions of Prime
Minister's Questions to goad minority
government leader to resume into war
because of weapons of mass destruction
he wanted answers about a financial
statement on Monday the NHS is clearly
in crisis so why wasn't there a penny
extra of the NHS in yesterday's
statement by the Chancellor the prime
minister told Corbin to look at the
arguably Blair right Labour Party in
Wales perhaps he might not to see what
what Labour are doing in Wales
the latest annual data the latest annual
data shows we're looking at 12-hour
waits in A&E that three point four
percent of patients waited over twelve
hours in Wales compared to 1.3 percent
in England he wants to talk about
meeting targets he should talk to a
Labour government in Wales Corbin would
hear nothing of it
NHS England abandoned it say any targets
until April 2019 it's a bit rich for the
prime minister to be scare mongering
about Wales but was it scare mongering
he talks about scare mongering in Wales
I was pointing out the facts about
waters
and that's why we do see well that's why
we do see people in Wales often trying
actually to get treatment in England
people are dying said Corbin people are
dying because of overcrowding and long
waits in our hospitals I think the Prime
Minister should get a grip on it and
ensure the NHS now has the money that it
needs to deal with the patient demands
and then Corbin referenced everyone's
favorite scientist Stephen Hawking who
died this week we started with professor
Stephen Hawking and he said just a few
months ago there is there is
overwhelming evidence that NHS funding
and the number of doctors and nurses are
inadequate and it's getting worse does
she agree with professor Hawking there
was no answer from to resume about one
of Britain's best known scientists she
had science on the mind though or
revenge based on science one assumes
Britain would within hours veto the UN
resolution to investigate the atrocity
in the southwest of England well to take
a better look at the Russian threat
narrative and how it may now affect the
future of a post brexit Britain I went
to the green outside the Palace of
Westminster to talk to a member of
Britain's House of Lords International
Relations Committee Lord Balfe well to
take a better look at the Russian threat
narrative and how it'll affect the
future of a post brexit Britain I'm now
joined by Lord bow member of the
international relations committee at the
House of Lords and former member of the
European Parliament Lord mouth thanks
for being here on the green at red
Parliament
23 Russian diplomats being chucked out
of the country in the next few days your
reaction to to resume his statement
I can't see what it will achieve I mean
what it will achieve is presumably 23
British diplomats will be thrown out of
Russia something more than that maybe
more but so the teachers have no choice
everyone is saying in the house behind
us because she has the evidence that the
Kremlin ordered atrocity in England well
let's see the evidence I mean what I
have noticed is apparently the Russian
authorities have asked to join in with
the investigation to be given some
samples of the nerve agent and that's
been refused now that doesn't seem to me
like trying to solve the problem the
very minister was very clear that there
was security considerations as to why
she cannot reveal certain parts of the
information just as in the public
inquiry regarding the atrocity in
Mayfair in central London against the
mi6 by livening Co but how on earth have
we got ourselves into this position you
know that that's the first question that
we should be asked that we have the evil
Putin regime is how we got it we have
someone who was exchanged came to live
in Britain he's living openly under his
own name in a house in Salisbury he's
apparently meeting British secret
service agencies the first thing I say
is had they not yet debriefed him you
know what he's going on there's all
sorts of things that just don't add up
but there must be a consensus in the
outer lords in the corridors of power
there about this that the security
services are telling the Prime Minister
that clearly something has to be done
against the largest country on earth
well something probably does have to be
done but he only has to be done because
we've got ourselves into this situation
and what we're now proposing to do is to
reduce the opportunities for the two
countries to work together and we seem
to be forgetting that Britain has a lot
of business interests in Russia
what would the reaction be here if and
there presumably will be some Russian
retaliation if they said well we'll have
some sanctions against British
business where do we end up with this we
don't gained up in a good place and also
we don't yet know what the full facts of
this case are apart from the fact that
anyone who tried to poison him is
obviously not very competent because
they failed obviously some ascribed the
popularity of Vladimir Putin in Russia
to being someone who dragged in public
to crack down on the oligarchs who stole
all the money from the Russian people
you do presumably back the measures
being taken to freeze assets I'm not
sure what they're freezing the assets in
London and then giving it to the Russian
people do you welcome those policies I
think clearly the Yeltsin years in
particular were dreadful for Russia and
a lot of money went out of the country
that belongs to the Russian people and
one can only support a government that
attempts to turn that around I would be
more impressed so if that had been led
to the British and Russian government's
cooperating about hot money which is a
huge amount in London it's your
understanding there isn't going to be
any cooperation whether it be a
Magnitsky act or whatever in terms of
repatriating money that's been stolen
from Russia well I'm not sure that the
Magnitsky Act is actually cooperation
that's not how many people would
defiantly
but you know it just strikes me that
we're getting ourselves into more and
more of a difficult corner and that we
really have to have some dialogue and I
know that's unpopular particularly in
the in our Parliament but in the end you
have to talk it's one of the lessons of
international diplomacy in the end this
problem will have to be unscrambled in
the end we will have to talk and that is
for the good of both countries
so I do you not popular but is my view
do you support to resume in canceling
the visit of the Russian Foreign
Minister Sergey Lavrov to Britain can't
see what it will achieve what will it is
I mean Sergey Lavrov is actually a
highly experienced polished diplomat and
actually a pretty good Foreign Minister
I mean well it's it's written showing
that he's not welcome yeah okay so what
are we saying you're not welcome to talk
if frankly if I was the Prime Minister
I'd be saying I hope he will soon come
because we need some very frank dialogue
about what he's going wrong in the
relations between our two countries and
clearly if there was a poison attempt
something has gone badly wrong and the
Russian state as well as the British
state needs to get to the bottom of
what's happened aside from the
geopolitical context and the atrocity in
Salisbury obviously here on the House of
Lords international relations committee
and you mentioned business
how will worse relations with Russia
affect first brexit Britain it's
difficult to say to be quite honest we
can only speculate at the moment but
it's hardly going to make the Russian
government feel more cooperative towards
helping British business expand in
Russia and presumably the Brits are
going to do the same to the Russians so
it's not going to help this great open
trade agreement that we're searching for
and why why do you think those
considerations are not to the fore
because some would say that there is a
separation here given that Russia trades
obviously a great deal with the European
Union with so much of Europe's energy
coming from Russia
we seem to have got ourselves into a
great big standoff position and it
doesn't make sense
I mean you notice it I mean Germany and
Gazprom are cooperating quite well in
energy supplying to Europe and I always
tend to think that if you talk to people
you're going to get further than if you
don't
NATO somewhat predictably immediately
said they support to resume the white
house what did you make of their
reaction more they too busy sucking
people we're Secretary of State but you
think do you think in Washington they
realize the relations with Russia are
more important than immediate reactions
it's so difficult at the moment and call
russian-american relations you know the
State Department is in chaos frankly
there are a huge number of unfilled
vacancies there you've had the last year
with the Secretary of State and the
president basically at each other's
throats
and it's difficult to see the United
States as being a very credible foreign
policy player at the moment and there
are many in the Palace of Westminster
they were expecting to resume to attack
this station RT surprised or but the
fact that she didn't ban this channel in
Britain and defectors shut it down
very sensible offer I mean I'd never
believed in shutting down the press I
had a lot long time dealing with Turkey
and I was used to say to the Turkish
authorities let them say what they want
to say you know have it out in the open
because if you drive it underground you
won't kill it will still be there but I
think it's fundamentally wrong to ban
agent of the free press but of course
the statutory regulator Ofcom has been
clear that it is listening all the time
to what is being said at the
despatch-box
as to whether they should review the
license of this channel is that when a
period of free speech that's what they
say and I hope they just keep saying and
not doing Blue Bell thank you okay thank
you very much
now after the break and I wish did Dahl
Trump tweet the firing of his Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson because of Russia
and Teresa may we speak to award-winning
author in Rolling Stone journalist Matt
Taibbi and Andrew Pierce The Daily
Mail's consultant editor writes off
Jeremy Corbyn even though the latest
opinion polls show you may be the
odds-on favorite to be Britain's next
prime minister all this and more coming
up in part two I'm going underground
welcome back well the stakes could
arguably never be higher in what some
are already predicting could turn into a
nuclear confrontation between Britain
and Russia no wonder some might argue
that Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is
seeking to decrease tensions whilst
applying stringent sanctions of those
who have stolen money from the Russian
taxpayer but that's not the way some see
it from the makers of the most visited
english-language newspaper website in
the world joining me now is Andrew PS
consultant editor of The Daily Mail
Andrew welcome back what did you make of
resumes speech and jeremy corbyn's
response Theresa May is a very boring
speaker
she just doesn't very often get complete
command of the House of Commons chamber
but I thought her statement this week
was Magisterial by her standards
she had the Commons with her she is a
former Home Secretary so she was able to
draw on her experiences being in
responsible for security and terror and
the leader of the Opposition was
shameful it was an embarrassment because
the leader of the Opposition has a job
in my view to be supportive in a time of
national crisis to sound at least
vaguely patriotic instead he was peevish
tarnished and in failing to condemn the
state of Russia for what is perceived to
be a Russian act he showed himself to be
according to some of his own side on the
wrong side of the argument and it was
made worse by the briefing after the
statement by his press secretary Seamus
Milner Seamus Mills got form he's been
to Russia at the expense of being honest
yeah and he's a great supporter of the
state of Russia and he elaborated us too
why Corbin refused to accept that Russia
is responsible and he peddled out that
line used by the Russian embassy that
Britain should actually give over a
sample of the nerve agent so the
Russians can test it oh great idea what
are they gonna do send it over in a
jiffy bag to the Russian embassy and get
some scientists to test test it and then
they'll say God is nothing to do with us
my ridiculous idea Russians are saying
that is under OPCW treaty that they have
to do that generally is not 24-hour
deadlines but let's just get back to the
Cold War yeah literally a Cold War is a
cold because in there
next 24 hours some parts of Britain
already probably feeling it there's a
cold snap
Russia's response could literally be to
flick off a switch and stop British
homes being heated and unlit is that a
price worth paying the fact is we don't
have enough gas it is running out and we
buy some of our gas from Russia it's
been a matter of great concern in number
10 not just under this government but
under the previous government and Putin
could do that I suppose but of course
Russia needs our money too and they need
to sell the gas to us because they need
the cash
'lord valve in the first half of this
show is saying we need partners in a
post brexit world I know the European
Union has come to our help in this time
of de facto war with Russia presumably
post brexit we're not going to have any
great trade deals certainly with Russia
and its allies maybe even its BRICS
allies in the in the rest of the world
look we will be it will be announced
next week that Britain as part of the
brexit process can start negotiating
traders that's a huge change by the
European Union it's a it's a big win for
trees amazing negotiators Lancelot's go
and Beijing or together well we will be
doing trade deals with China will be
doing traitors with the United States I
suspect we won't be doing a trade deal
with radomir Putin anytime soon but then
our trade with Russia isn't huge in any
case but long idea was it supposed to
grow well with other countries yeah well
it will grow with other countries and
Russia no just not Russia
well well unless of course Russia comes
to its senses and stops assassinating or
trying to assassinate people on British
soil
loads of people are bored about
international politics in this country
and don't really care one way or the
other of course they care about the
tragedy of a British police officer and
so forth is that why tourism a could
never have said that the England squad
can't go to Moscow I think it's not
inconceivable that that make position
may change so so far the Prime Minister
has said no member the royal family will
go Prince William is president of the
Football Association in this country a
job I imagine he loads because we all
know he can't stand for all he's much
happier on the Polo pitch old chap but
he won't be going no officials to be
going so I'm sure radomir pooter will be
devastated that the sport
Minister Tracy croucher we gave my word
they'll be terrified by that has
criminal balls as well but there is talk
possible that there could be the England
who may not go and it would be people
say you can't involve spore in politics
hang on
British Prime Minister's were heavily
involved in trying to get the World Cup
to Britain that but Russia won won the
bid with the help of mr. Sepp Blatter
who of course is suspended from
international football for corruption
and it is hugely significant and I
suspect there's a possibility even now
that we may not go to the World Cup
because it's going to be tarnished
that would mean Jose Mourinho of the
effort will manager who RIT have just
taken on to do commentary that might be
a mistake what do you think about the
fact that people like him were told not
to appear on this channel and indeed MPs
from both sides of the house who were so
keen to appear all of them some of them
even saying we should be shut down as
well I completely disagree with the idea
that we're a disinformation Network
brand icing for Pluto Britain is is a
haven for free speech we are just a few
hundred yards from the mother of all
Parliament's and if people don't like
Russia today or they don't like its
output don't watch it but do not close
it down off come to my understanding
have got no problems with you at the
output and it would it would just be
tarnished frankly and rupiahs thank you
well it's been quite a week for UK US
relations mainstream us commentators
were quick to assume Donald Trump's
firing of his Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson via a tweet was connected to
Tillison support for tourism a in her
war with Russia hopes Wendy taunt though
would soon be dashed as Trump's UN
Ambassador nikki Haley echoed mais
attacks on Moscow and then Washington
reportedly introduced new sanctions even
before any UN investigation of the
chemical weapons atrocity in England
joining me now from New Jersey in the
USA is award-winning Rolling Stone
journalist and author of insane clown
president Matt Taibbi he met welcome
back to the show I've got to start
actually with the fact that the Russian
Federation has warned Britain not
to threaten a nuclear power how do you
characterize relations from between
Britain and Russia regardless of America
and Russia I mean the the nuclear
Doomsday Clock is right now I had an
all-time low or it's I think it's a the
equivalent right now is that 1952 levels
and hasn't been this low since 1952 this
is an extremely perilous time in the
relationships between the west and
Russia I think there's a variety of
factors that are that are going into the
danger one of these is the situation
going on in England with the poisoning
incident but just as serious is the
situation in Syria when we have US
troops and and Russian you know contract
Nicky on the other side of Euphrates
River we have a lot of sort of bombastic
talk by leaders on all sides about
nuclear capabilities in the new states
and the the level of anti-russian
sentiment you know particularly in the
United States is at a at a place where I
haven't seen it in my lifetime and I you
know I can remember the Reagan years
during the when he was talking about the
evil empire and then after the shooting
down of ka7 so this is um we're in an
unprecedented place right now you see
British politicians in Parliament with a
few honourable exceptions some of them
are saying we now need to launch a cyber
attack on Russian institutions and all
manner of other levels of response and
that Russia is a rogue state so it will
not respond to reason yeah and I don't
understand I mean I do understand look
there's a lot of political angles to
this story there are things that are
going on
have always gone on these two countries
have always meddled in each other's
affairs there have always there have
always been espionage games back and
forth between Russia and England and
Russia in the United States you know you
have there was an excellent book written
by one of your countrymen you called a
great game that that details this
activity dating back to the late 1700s
early 1800s I lived in Russia in the 90s
when the United States openly meddled in
boris yeltsin's reelection campaign
there was a cover of Time magazine after
after Yeltsin one reelection there were
the it's a picture of Yeltsin and the
headline is the Yanks to the rescue
because we had advisor as American
advisors so we're reporting directly to
Bill Clinton who were aiding Yeltsin in
that victory yeah this is just part of
the way these the countries have
operated toward each other forever we've
always been interested in each other's
affairs I think the difference is now
that there's a political angle towards
demonization of Russia that is inspiring
some politicians in the West in England
and in America to make a public issue
out of this in a way that they had they
wouldn't have before they they wouldn't
have have incited such a heated
situation in the past over what
essentially is a domestic political aim
to to scare people and to you know
behaving a certain way politically our
sister channel RT America's of course
had to register as a foreign agent from
this Nazi era act don't Trump tweets a
lot about mainstream media but he seems
unable to ban it using your version of
Ofcom the FCC surprised that in Britain
the Prime Minister can say things and
immediately the regulator will take
steps or or talk about steps
in closing down the television station
one of the benefits of the American
system of media is we've we've gone
quite a long time in our history without
really having a strong official national
media regulator we do have the FCC they
did play an important role in the
formation of TV and radio stations with
a couple of key laws in the late 20s and
early 30s there was the Communications
Act of 34 there the federal radio
Commission in 1927 also had some things
to say about what radio station should
be but for the most part there is no
regulator for print media and the
communications regulator is a very very
weak one in the United States which for
most of us in the press we've long
considered to be a good thing that that
the government mostly stays out of our
business you know for to take the step
of forcing our tea to register as a
foreign agent under fair opens the door
for an incredible amount of abuse that
could be directed at almost any kind of
foreign news agency in the future and I
think that's a huge mistake and I'm not
thrilled with the decision to to
retaliate against Artie and Brittany
thurr
I think this is similar to the decision
that that they made with the Olympics in
1980 you if you have a political issue
with a country you don't go after sports
you don't go after the media you take
more serious diplomatic measures might I
be thank you and that's it for the show
but I should add now that in last
Saturday's broadcast on the 10th of
March MIT professor Theodore Postol
claimed to George mom you called him an
Isis sympathizer after the broadcast mr.
mom Bo contacted us to deny the
allegations made he said I've never said
anything about post or being an Isis
sympathizer
when I challenge postal claims people
accused me of being an Isis sympathizer
a pedophile being blackmailed by the
government and a Mossad agent well
professor postal has since contacted us
he said George mommy-o is correct at my
quote summarizing one of his past
statements was not exactly correct the
exact quote I had in mind his postal is
without question guilty of whitewashing
mass murder in Syria mr. mom you told us
that he stands by these claims in a week
that marks the eighth year of
hostilities and with President Bashar
al-assad now controlling most of the
country that's it for the show we're
back on Monday with legendary British
walk up to know that man's alleging
corruption of the British banking system
till then keep in touch by social media
we'll see you on Monday fifteen years to
the day of the launch of UK us Operation
Iraqi liberation or oh I L later change
to Operation Iraqi Freedom which would
kill word or displace tens of millions
