more than 15,000 people have managed to
flee Syria's embattled Eastern guter
government forces have been intensifying
efforts to retake the area which since
2012 has been under the control of
various - Islamist and rebel groups the
Russian Defense Ministry Center for
reconciliation claims militants were
firing at civilians as they tried to
leave earlier on Friday now these are
the latest pictures from eastern guter
they show people leaving along
humanitarian corridors declared by the
Syrian government it's the biggest
single exodus since fighting escalated
last month Russia's Defense Ministry
says women children and the elderly were
among the first to be given safe passage
the Russian military now also says
Savile as citizens of another town in
the area have expressed their
willingness to flee Canisius 30 takes a
closer look at the situation at first it
was only a trickle of civilians fleeing
Syria's rebel-held territory of eastern
Gaeta it's now become a flood thousands
have been given safe passage outs of the
embattled end wave
Estella Estella Estella food coupons do
Yani mallison Danny kelmot Matabele well
I mean hi Maria
Kodama jacks and a love jihad a while
that the quadroon apollo frugal
knowledge able to share will handle on
an abacus I mean ordinary
and it was a struggle initially some of
the militants were reportedly
threatening to punish those trying to
leave and shelling the path to safety
there are even accounts of insurgents
hiding in civilian houses taking people
hostage and using them as human shields
Hahnemann was all that Tirek tears
couldn't energy deployment mineral water
shutter yeah I mean no new Clovis
good Nicolay alluvial ooh I said moving
on me
the push by Russia and Syria to
establish this humanitarian corridor
however was snubbed at first
Russia has called for these joke like
humanitarian corridors Russia needs to
just do what the United Nations had
agreed to invited on and that is a
countrywide
ceasefire the Russian military says the
situation in parts of eastern guter has
significantly stabilized over the past
few days but their work is far from over
as long as people keep leaving the area
we will keep on working and stay here
until we see the last person leave a
moria but it's a bargaining game at
times the Syrian government and Russia
have had to agree to allow safe passage
to rebel fighters in order to get the
civilians out its hopes that the rebels
crumbling grip on power in the region
along with aid deliveries and
evacuations will soon bring to a close
one of the most brutal chapters in the
Syrian conflicts right now getting aid
into eastern guter is proving as
difficult as getting residents out
mortar rounds hit near Red Crescent
trucks has volunteers unloaded fresh
food parcels and bags of flour the
delivery was resumed shortly afterwards
Thursday's joint aid convoy brought
essentials to almost 30,000 people in
the Syrian town of Duma Eastern guter
came under rebel control in 2012 and
since then the Syrian army has been
trying to recapture the area fighting
intensified last month militants have
been driven into three pockets with the
Syrian government now holding large
parts of the territory but the situation
for civilians trapped in the embattled
areas remains dire we know that there is
equation when we are defeating terrorism
the civilian people they will leave this
is the same story with a steep part of
Aleppo we remember we know from our
experience a lot of evidence is a lot of
people talking what happened with them
with these terrorists they where as
hostages nothing politically here the
other side that where is this Western
campaign why they are not helping these
people who are talked more than one week
in a campaign that that they are
interested in
