the Stan Collymore show epic journey
across the Americas continues we've been
to Argentina and Uruguay two former
winners and we decided to come to the
United States specifically Los Angeles
to talk to two men about the fallout of
the United States men's national team
that will not be present in Russia in
summertime Bob Bradley was the manager
where in the United States finished top
of their group in South Africa in 2010
and Alexi Lalas was the poster boy of
American football in the 1994 World Cup
let's talk to both about the state of
the game here in the United States send
your love us on the pier another chest
the big news really is the United States
men's national team have not qualified
for the FIFA World Court a lot of
foreigners would think oh it doesn't
matter to Americans because you've got
NFL you've got NBA you've got MLS you've
got a baseball right but it really does
matter
it does and I think that's a there's a
dramatic representation of how far we
have come by the consternation and the
consistent bleeding and complaining and
critique and criticism of everybody in
anybody whether they kick a ball whether
they're a coach where they're just
involved in soccer whether it's just us
as Americans I think it shows how far
we've come that people care and people
are depressed and disappointed and sad
and they're angry that the u.s. hasn't
qualified it's a blip but it's also a
tough moment because no one expected it
and it does mean that a lot of people
start jumping up and down with answers
and for me I would have told you before
this qualifying that there's things that
we're doing pretty well but there's a
lot of things that just need to improve
and so I haven't changed my story at all
so
the dialogue in the moment is uneasy and
and so somehow the real football pupils
have gotta just continue you know you
have a chance if you work in a club from
top to bottom to get a right health
Panama and Costa Rica with their
populations huge lack of infrastructure
compared to the United States a
juggernaut sporting globally how did it
happen why did it happen well first off
I think it's it's a little different
when you're comparing it's a little
apples and oranges when you're comparing
the United States to let's say an
Iceland or any other country for that
matter one of the things that makes my
country the greatest in the world in my
opinion is our diversity but with that
diversity comes incredible diversity of
thought and then if I go along this
beach and I pull out a bunch of
Americans and I say what's beautiful
soccer to them I'm gonna get a hundred
different answers so we have no real
collective and agreed-upon style of play
which means we tried to be everything to
everybody and that's that's commendable
because that's kind of what our country
is about but what makes a country great
doesn't necessarily make a soccer team
great and I think we have to come to a
realization going forward that maybe we
have to be more definitive and in being
more definitive be and dare I say it may
be even more exclusive as opposed to
inclusive and I know that scares some
people but ultimately a team of good
individuals but not a good team lost the
games that they shouldn't and we didn't
qualify so I'm delighted on behalf of
the Stan Collymore Show to accept my
Walk of Fame star if only the legendary
Stan Laurel
Los Angeles football club is the new kid
on the MLS block and it's gonna be
managed by a very well-respected manager
who's managing the Premier League he's
managed Egypt and he's managed the US
Men's National Team his name is Bob
Bradley let's have a chat with him
delighted to be joined by Bob Bradley a
man with great experience being a
manager Bob we're here at UCLA and a
beautiful sunny day I've come from
freezing-cold England to have a look at
the growth of the game in the United
States another club MLS is growing very
nicely the league has grown a lot of new
stadiums exciting new talent and in the
case of LA FC a new team that comes into
a fantastic city that has real football
tradition ownership that has a vision so
for me it's quite exciting how important
is it now for players like Cristian
policy and other younger players to be
promoted both in the MLS in Europe to
take the United States forward not just
the growth of the MLS but at
international level are you seeing the
signs there that the United States is
now producing a lot of quality young
players I think we hope that that's
happening and we'll find out again if
you look at the history of the u.s.
national team there's been a good run of
qualifying for the World Cup there's
been moments where a team came together
the right way and was able to achieve
some good results we've not yet gotten
to the point where you know we're
consistently
get into the semifinals and finals of
tournaments we've not won a big
tournament yet so there's no getting
around the fact that there's still a lot
there for us to achieve so we're here at
Santa Monica
airports what better way to see the
beautiful city of Los Angeles than by a
let's talk about the 1994 World Cup
back in the 1900s yes England didn't
qualify
I remember Italy so I remember being an
active player and watching it and like
you say Rose Bowl in Pasadena huge
crowds all of the big sponsors wanting
to be a part of it right you were very
much the poster boy the beards ray right
the all-american boy very powerful image
going into that tournament
what were your expected expectations of
you and your team I looked at it as a
huge platform a stage and an opportunity
I knew what I was I knew what I wasn't I
knew as a team what we were what we were
and what we weren't but I also
recognized that we had a responsibility
and I lived the power of what a world
cup can do to an individual it changed
my life completely on and off the field
one of the reasons why I'm walking on
this Beach today next to you here in
Manhattan Beach right in Los Angeles is
because of the power of the World Cup
and doors opened up on and off the field
and that's why I hope 2026 happens
because I want some other player that we
may not even heard of that's growing up
the United States to get that
opportunity and I milked it for all it
was worth and had a blast doing it on
and off the field I remember most of it
not all of it I remember most of it it
was great
but ultimately I'm proud because I was
part of a moment and a group of guys and
and just a revolution if you will that
changed the way my country views soccer
because it was the first time a lot of
people ever saw soccer played at the
highest level
Central America the growth of Panama and
Costa Rica does that surprise you
bearing in mind that in every region
whether it be South America Europe or
North America you have the traditional
big guns is that now being challenged by
these smaller countries I think all over
the world the smaller countries are
doing pretty well to organize themselves
and be hard to play against and go into
qualification and go into tournaments
with a real plan so you don't see so
many situations where teams are just
getting blown apart anymore I mean I
think teams can hold together and better
and then so that's a challenge to to the
top teams because if you're the better
team on the day your ability to not only
get control but to open teams up make
chances score goals
you know Germany still does it well
that's one of the reasons that they're
always in the top group but in other
parts of the world you see you see
challenges Argentina's qualifying wasn't
so easy so regardless of where you come
from the challenge of having a team that
can step on the field and have real
ideas and a real sense of purpose and do
it game in a game out that's that's
still there for people to to work
towards when do you foresee a time when
the US will get to semi finals finals
and win the biggest trophy on earth the
FIFA World Cup again we've had
occasional moments of reaching
semifinals and finals but not
consistently and and so that climbed to
being in the top tier if you think about
men's international football Germany's
always in the top tier I'll even say
Argentina and Brazil are always in the
top tier England has been then they're
not even France even Spain you
the achievement of Spain to push into
that group and stay there in this last
period has been fantastic there's no
secrets there it's it's work from bottom
to top and top to bottom
the league has helped you now see a
greater focus on youth development but I
don't think that across all
neighborhoods were reaching out making
sure all kids have opportunities in the
game that the right ones are identified
and pushed forward in the right ways
that they get the enough of the right
kind of training so I think we've got
some decent starting points but across
the board in every way I think we just
have to get better and you know that's
that's no different than many other
countries around the world
you know the disappointment is you is
you almost can't put it into words since
it was expected because in this region
us in Mexico really should be qualifying
every time and it was the way we didn't
qualify to to go into Trinidad and to
play with so little emotion which is
never something that we had a problem
it's a surprise to you today yeah all
right States is the big player in the
region also in Mexico take nations like
Trinidad Costa Rica and Panama that of
course both qualified not seriously you
know no I think they did because I think
they recognize that the region is
getting better and some of these Central
American teams are getting better and
they're getting better in great part
because of MLS so many of their players
play here it's hard to put a finger on
but there was just there's always been
this grit with the national team that no
matter what happens we'll fight through
if there's a better team we can still
beat them and this team just didn't seem
to have that especially in Trinidad why
I'm not sure but it is I there's been
finger-pointing we just had an election
today for a new US soccer president
leading up to that the rhetoric has just
been unbelievable in some people wanting
to blow everything up and start from
scratch
others realizing that it's not about
blowing things up it's about finding
what's working and building on that and
finding out what's not working and
making sure that's better
LA Galaxy founded in 1996 we've had a
chat of course with Bob Bradley manager
of the newly formed Los Angeles football
clubs let's have a chat we've wanted to
journalists about this new rivalry of
course the United States men's national
team not qualifying for the FIFA World
Cup in the summer delighted to be joined
by Scott French of mlssoccer.com yes
Scott first about this new rivalry I
played finished playing for fifteen
years ago but I played my Aston Villa
debuts on a pre-season tour and we
played the newly formed Los Angeles
Galaxy 1996 so they're the grand-am of
the MLS shall we say must be quite nice
on your patch to have a new club LAF
soon and see a burgeoning rivalry of
their of the decades to come
you know it is them and what's really
great is that the way LA FC has come out
they're doing everything right they
they're building an organization that's
meant to last as we had another team
here just a few years ago Chivas USA
which was built in the way you don't
want to build a club and so what did I
do wrong in your opinion li e FC doing
right what one they didn't look at the
marketplace and understand what it was
that they should be doing they they
really targeted fans of one club of
Guadalajara and that takes half the
Mexicans and Los Angeles out of it
because they were rooting for America
they did not put a lot of money into the
team itself it was it was an affiliate
of Guadalajara that they didn't care a
lot about LA FC has real money behind it
it's got people who really care behind
it and and they've just gone out and
they've been first class all the way
the United States as a soccer nation me
too now move forward
absolutely well one thing that I think
that a lot of the world doesn't
understand is that US is a soccer nation
it's just that not everyone necessarily
follows the same thing some people
follow him MLS some follow APL some
watch just the World Cup some follow the
Mexican League so you've got all these
diverse interests and the number of
soccer fans here is immense I would I
would estimate it's probably somewhere
around 50 million people who actually
follow soccer regularly and that's a
population of a lot of these countries
there is a need for us to to come
together and to figure out what's the
best way as a nation to go forward and
it's difficult when you're as big as we
are and stylistically the game is played
so differently on the East Coast and it
is over here and figuring out how to how
to bridge all these things together it's
a tough it's a tough thing I don't have
the answers I'm hoping that someone
smarter than me does America is a soccer
country America has a soccer culture and
America has a soccer history that the
American soccer community is passionate
its discerning it I think it's one of
the most educated it has to be because
the inevitable compare and contrast with
the rest of the world and I think to
have that moment in 2026 to say wow 94
was great but you ain't seen nothing yet
and I think it'll be a wonderful place
not just domestically for people to
celebrate what soccer has become but
internationally for everybody to come
and to see how our country has changed
over that 20-some years how our culture
has changed over that 20-some years and
really celebrate a game that is in my
estimation as American as football as
baseball as hockey as basketball as
anything that we have it
we saw in the early years growth
followed by decline growth and decline a
little bit of figuring out things the
real turning point was David Beckham
coming here you know from that point on
this league has been growing from
strength to strength Beckham brought a
lot of a lot of attention to the league
from elsewhere but he also made players
around the world say hmm you know this
is something to look at and MLS has
evolved from there you know the bringing
up of the targeted allocation money that
they've gotten out some of the
mechanisms to build rosters they've gone
out and they're bringing in really good
young players especially from South
America it's becoming a league that
players want to come and play in because
it's a great lifestyle here it's a good
league it's a competitive league the
worst team in this league can beat the
best team in this league on any day if
there was one moment he could bottle on
the pitch off the pitch pre-match that
you could take with you into eternity a
World Cup Finals tournament what would
it be well for me it was that in 2010 in
South Africa you know we all talked
about getting out of the group and in
the third match against Algeria
Landon's gold late we had pushed through
the whole game we had some things go
against this in that group but we never
stopped pushing and when he scored late
the feeling that we shared on the field
knowing that we had won our group that
was very very special and you know that
that part of representing your country
knowing how many people at home are
going crazy at that moment because
you've accomplished something as a team
that they all have been part of yeah I
hold that forever but Bradley thank you
very much for joining me on the stand
Collymore show have a fantastic debut
season at Los Angeles Football Club good
thank you very much thank you
on the pitch or off the pitch in 1994 we
ask all of our World Cup legends one
memory one thing that that crystallised
what a World Cup was for you as an
individual so can be on the picture of
the big two things all right number one
just to illustrate how focused and how
insulated you are in a World Cup a
couple years ago I was sitting around
with some guys in 1984 and they started
talking about things that they remember
and some of them brought up the fact do
you remember meeting Henry Kissinger I
said what I never met Henry Kissinger I
would remember that
this is this this legend this political
legend and this is this this
international legend and they started
talking about it and now in the recesses
of your mind starts to it starts to come
back Henry Kissinger who was vital in
terms of getting the World Cup to the
United States in 94 in the silver dome
in Detroit which was by the way ten
minutes away from where I grew up grew
up so his full circle he came into the
locker room and shook everybody's hand
and these memories started flooding back
and I was so focused it's nice to meet
you but I got to go out there and face
Switzerland the other thing is and it's
a little different than not remembering
headed Henry Kissinger this one I do
remember doing shots of tequila with the
guys from Metallica after the game
against Brazil and that was fun that was
a good time Alexi Lalas or at least me
sage but absolute privilege 15 20
minutes with your chain here again you
can see the passion coming from every
pore it also gives a wonderful excuse to
come to you chuck the red head to the
beach and he decided to wear jeans a
long shirt I mean man oh man
thank you so much all right to see you
best a lot we've got a fantastic time in
Los Angeles in the hills we've got
