the US Central Command has admitted it
does not know how resources it gives to
the saudi-led coalition are being used
in the conflict with Yemen does sitcom
track the purpose of the missions that
it is refueling what targets it strikes
and the results of the mission senator
we do not okay
Reuters recently reported on a Saudi
coalition airstrike in late February
that killed five civilians is CENTCOM
able to tell whether US fuel or US
munitions were used as part of that
strike senator no no I don't believe we
are okay well last month a group of US
senators introduced a joint resolution
on Yemen today me to limit the
president's power to wage war without an
authorization from Congress and to cut
America's support for Saudi Arabia
disentangling it from Saudi involvement
in the Yemeni Civil War now the vote
when the resolution is to be held soon
in 2017 the US and Saudi Arabia signed
an arms deal worth almost 110 billion
dollars it has been described as one of
the largest arms sales in American
history I mean while here are pictures
of the aftermath of the saudi-led
coalition latest air strikes in Yemen a
dozen air raids have been carried out
against to the airport destroying most
of the planes war broke out in Yemen
three years ago with the saudi-led
coalition bombing campaign against
Houthi rebels claiming thousands of
civilian lives the UN describes the
situation as the worst man-made
humanitarian crisis in modern history
now to discuss this further I'm joined
now by Dowd Khairallah who's a professor
of international law at Georgetown
University in Washington thank you for
being with us here on RIT international
as always unfortunately this is a dire
situation how serious is it that the
u.s. the major military supplier to the
Saudi coalition does not know how their
weapons are being used well it's a very
very
this question it's an issue of gross
negligence for a country like the US who
is supporting the Saudi coalition in its
war against Yemen as provider of weapons
logistics and all kinds of assistance
not knowing what the its efforts are
leading to what their weapons are doing
in in Yemen that is a very strange thing
for a very high official in the Pentagon
to recognize this or to say that it is
really a big big issue so are there any
legal issues that you're aware of in not
monitoring or keeping records of how
countries weapons are used I mean is
there a culpability on the America's
part in waging this war of course first
internationally there are crimes of
humanities and crimes of war crimes
against humanity
triumph war that are being committed in
the war on Yemen and the u.s. being an
accomplice in this case the u.s. is in a
supporter of this coalition for the u.s.
to admit that yes we know what is
happening I which is more likely thing
it is it has consequence illegal
consequences in addition to this there
is a US law that prevents recipient
countries of us waterway to use it
except in self-defense committing war
crimes and crimes against humanity is
hardly self-defense so there are legal
liability both internally and
internationally no doubt I'm gonna ask
you to go down and kind of a thought
experiment with me we've talked about
the legal responsibility what about the
moral responsibility doesn't the
supplier of the arms bear some
responsibility if I mean the civilians
are dying actually the the moral
responsibility is sha a share
not only by the American media American
public by the international community I
mean what is happening in Yemen the
continuous chain of crimes committed in
Yemen against civilian destruction of
infrastructure of one of the poorest
countries in the world and the
international public opinion
international media does not do anything
that really changes the course it is
just shocking and really very very very
depressing
alright doubt Khairallah professor of
international law at Georgetown
University thank you for being with us
and helping us wrap our minds around it
