Internet giant Google has landed a blow
major when in fact for Bitcoin after it
was announced that adverts for the
cryptocurrency would be removed from its
platforms bitcoins valuation hit a low
for March on Thursday - trading at under
eight thousand dollars following an 11
percent drop in just 24 hours here's how
Google explained this ban anyway now we
don't have a crystal ball to know where
the future is going to go with
cryptocurrencies but we've seen enough
consumer harm or a potential for
consumer harm the did scenario that we
won't approach with extreme caution so
Google's ban will come into effect in
June and it follows a similar move by
Facebook earlier this year the social
media platforms still however allow some
financial based adverts but
cryptocurrencies are strictly off the
list bitcoin no face has been cut off
from two of the world's biggest
advertising sellers there but whether
that's going to halt crypto mania is up
for debate as stories like these of
course grab potential investors in Chris
O'Shea sank $10,000 into Bitcoin in 2013
he's now turned it into 20 million
dollars
I turned 350 dollars into 12,000 she
says that 12,000 turned to six figures
in a year he became a millionaire at 24
well here's the flipside you can see on
your screens now there as well and
perhaps why Google and Facebook are
concerned for every up there's a
well-documented down let's talk about
the pros and cons of the Google ban and
Charlie balls with this financial
commentator hi charlie did you expect
that Google basically it's saying hand
on heart it's worried about leading
people down a speculation path when
actually done and what they're getting
into and yes they could make a lot of
money but boy they could lose a lot of
money as well so Google have Facebook
being the good guys here yeah good thing
or not well it's an interesting one
isn't it Google one of the top tech
companies in the world not allowing
online currency advertising it's quite
interesting considering some of the
rubbish that financial services
companies have been selling on Google
and all sorts of other platforms like
this you know for the best part of two
decades now but I think it's a bit of a
PR exercise going on
you know a lot of financial services
companies across the world of banned
Bitcoin sales particularly on credit
cards so there may well be a bit of
pressure from the US government because
Bitcoin of course is a real threat to
the existing financial system but I mean
just from a simple example of how to buy
and sell for me personally you know I
tried to buy some Bitcoin a couple of
months ago but I've had a bit spare cash
and I used a UK credit card and I had to
try three times and it was declined
every time I rang up their call center
and they they gave me a different reason
every time and I found out eventually
that it was because it was the purchase
was blocked and then on the sales side
of things a lot of UK banks was it
because the charity because we've seen
how much has been falling of late there
was a huge bubble then bingo down it
goes you can lose such a lot of money so
quickly by getting into us if you don't
know what you're doing and it is a
gamble okay so this is ooh isn't it it
is I think that the the needs to be two
things going on which a conversation
that hasn't really been had at
government and regulatory level which is
regulation and education and Bitcoin is
here to stay in crypto currencies are
here to stay big banks are saying it's a
bubble but at the same time they're
investing in some of them not Bitcoin in
particular so we need to find a way of
crypto currencies fitting into the
existing payment system for fiat
currencies and also to educate the
public because what happened last year
was everyone got into the game because
they were just trying to not lose out
they didn't know what they were doing so
they weren't educated I mean John McAfee
spoke at this about this at length and
he's one of you know one of a number of
people that I would go to for at least
basic knowledge yeah so now you've got
that and so there's the lack of
regulation it's not really fitting in
and then you've got sort of effects
companies and derivatives companies who
are selling sort of contracts for
difference on the back of that where you
can buy and sell on the price difference
well the problem with what happened last
year was bitcoin is not a speculative
currency it's it's it's supposed to be a
replacement for the existing payment
system so you can't be in it for the
short term because of these bubbles and
also the speculators
adding to the bubble so what you need to
do is you need to see it as a
replacement for Fiat as the future as a
long-term investment and you can't say
oh I'm getting into Bitcoin and then and
then and then you compare it to the fiat
currencies that you're trying to get
away from I get you okay so now I see
the theory the path there which you
think it should go but is that wishful
thinking and or not is there a chance it
could even fizzle out I think that
whilst we have this lack of education on
particular derivatives companies trading
companies and people getting in just
because they don't lose out we're still
going to have these massive fluctuations
but once the regulators around the world
realized that it is here to stay and one
way or another it has to fit into the
existing system you know people are Elon
Musk you're only taking Bitcoin for
example that sort of thing is going to
continue and it's like the internet it's
it's very difficult to stop especially
across borders you know you have these
cross currency payment systems they're
just growing and growing and they're
taking over the banks so we have to find
the solution and we have to educate
people because there's so many people
that have got into it people I know that
don't have a clue what it's all about
yeah no I've got that I've got instances
are no people myself Charlie thank you
very much for your time tonight charlie
ball all the way from London their
financial commentator nice to get your
thoughts
