it looks like it I spoke with the Prime
Minister and we are in deep discussions
a very sad situation it certainly looks
like the Russians would be I did
something that you've never ever
happened and we taking it very seriously
as I think are many others any more
changes coming sir well the story was
very false I mean they wrote a story
about staff changes today that was very
close we made a wonderful change I think
Mike Pompeo is gonna be an incredible
Secretary of State we have some
wonderful ideas I've gotten to know a
lot of people over the last year you
know I've been to Washington for a
little bit more than a year where some
people have been here for 34 years I've
gotten to know great people so they'll
always be changed but very little it was
a very false stories very a very
exaggerated a very exaggerated and full
story but they'll always be change and I
think you want to see change and I want
to also see different ideas Larry Cutler
just came in a little while ago and I
think Larry is going to be outstanding
as economic adviser so we look forward
to it so we'll talk to you about it
later thank you very much everybody
thank you thank you everybody
you
