there are just a few days left now for
the Russian presidential election
candidates to try and win over voters
they're doing the rounds on nationwide
TV debates one such discussion on
Wednesday made the headlines for all the
wrong reasons though after it into an
ill-tempered
yeah
Ypres nyet was morning email profitable
yet neither process yeah he did stuff
and as we continue our profiles of the
candidates let's tell you about one of
the people who really got stuck into
that on-air spot Vladimir Zhirinovsky is
the leader of Russia's Liberal
Democratic Party and has run in all bar
one presidential election since they
began in Russia in 1991 he wants to
introduce a progressive income tax
system instead of the current all-round
flat rate as well as pledging to tackle
poverty unemployment and illegal
immigration his critics though say he's
pandering to easy populism
on his party often votes in line with
the Kremlin in Parliament anyway here's
where Aronofsky stands in his own words
and those it was synonymy we must be
strong president should be tough with
such a foreign policy that will make
everyone scared of us and make them
respect us there no one will dare to
close Russian schools fresh Russian
language no one will dare to stop our
journalists lawmakers tourists and no
one will dare to kill our ambassadors I
will do everything to make Russians and
our language respected
yeah I just don't want Russian citizens
to be proud of our country now he's
proud of sausages or smart phones is
disgusting they're queueing overnight to
buy a new phone that's not what pride is
even I promise all military officers new
ranks that no one will be left with our
flat you will get them immediately it's
no more waiting there's lots of vacant
flats I will increase pensions for all
veterans you give bonuses free tourist
trips I will protect all of you
and we will be proud of our country
was that sealer we need to have a strong
army no options here broadly friends
with somebody who are we going to be
friends with if NATO forces at our
borders it will take you five minutes to
fly to st. Petersburg seven minutes to
Moscow that's our genuine enemy they are
planning to destroy our country your
whimpering you will travel there to get
a Schengen visa you'll get a better
economy what kind of economy is he
talking about if they bomb the hell out
of us tomorrow security is first
these people shouldn't even be allowed
to serve in ordinary civil posts and
they want to become presidents that's a
disgrace we will change the laws and you
won't see this political garbage at the
next election
