good evening to Yanni we bring you on
often to try and analyze situations like
this where there are accusations against
Russia particularly in terms of
intelligence so we've had accusations
here from three different countries
what's your initial response to the
information provided in the claims that
have been made my initial response would
be I'd be very surprised if Russian
intelligence weren't trying to get their
hands on this sort of information
bearing in mind that under the terms of
the Chemical Weapons Convention which
Russia has signed up to and which the
OPCW basically said at the end of 2017
Russia had got rid of all its weapons of
mass destruction pop nuclear where we
have a situation where actually if such
an attack had happened they should be
given access to the investigation within
two weeks they should be included in the
OPCW investigation and they weren't they
were specifically excluded and we saw
the same thing as well with the mh17
attack so you know being absolutely
excluded from an investigation where
they could have provided professional
and specialized information and
expertise of course they're going to
want to find out what is going on so in
terms of the British particularly
pointing fingers at Russian intelligence
and saying this is terrible how dare you
try and get information secretly I just
find that absolutely breathtakingly
hypocritical because that's exactly what
British spies do is exactly what all our
spies do that's what they're paid to do
and yet there seems to be this sort of
double standard at the moment search
here we in the West are allowed to do
this we in the West can set up new cyber
attack centres which was only announced
a couple of weeks ago in the UK but the
Russians are not allowed to do this now
why not do you think we'll actually see
I mean I may have missed it but what do
you think we will see hard evidence to
prove their guilt or is it going to be
one of those situations where government
organisations say well we can't show you
that evidence because it would reveal
how we gathered it and so it will hurt
us I think that will be the inevitable
response yes and the fact that these
alleged for giu experts who were
intercepted in the Netherlands and were
shipped back immediately
no charges presented
no no big fanfare back in April at the
time when you know you think they would
want to try and make a big media deal
about it speaks volumes but it's
interesting that all this is coming out
today about the Russians and yet you
know go back five years we had Edward
Snowden and his disclosures about all
the aggressive attacks the West was
perpetrating across Europe all the
aggressive attacks that Britain was
perpetrating against its EU allies and
wider as well I mean only last month as
well we had the people involved in the
EU breakfast ago she ations here in
Brussels accusing the Britons of hacking
their negotiations and the spies hacking
the negotiations for advantage and in
fact I said at the time that's precisely
what British this should be doing in the
economic interests of Britain so this is
what all our spies do this is what
they're paid to do and sometimes they
get caught and sometimes political hay
can be made of it but this is also as
well just one final point on that only
today in The Guardian newspaper in the
UK we have a report about the investor
powers tribunal which actually holds the
British spies to account and they were
making allegations about the fact that
mi5 has special directions that allow
people who work for them their agents to
break laws and be immune on for
prosecution so you know again in Britain
this is going on in Russia this is going
on in America in all our countries of
course it's going on so trying to make a
huge story out of what is effectively a
non story about spies doing their job is
I think rather disingenuous and very
hypocritical as you said all the major
powers I suppose any country worth its
salt is trying to do this kind of stuff
espionage and to gain information on
other nations these are accusations at
the moment we don't have the proof but
my question to you is how do you know
when these stories are real if proof is
never is never put forward for public
consumption and how do you know when
governments are just going well people
will believe as if we make the claim if
this will be good for a political
capital let's just let's just throw some
claims out there how do you know what's
real and what isn't well this is another
huge problem moment I mean ever since
the whole Russia gate juggernaut started
in America in the wake of the Donald
Trump election assertions have been made
repeatedly on men
different fronts and because they can
never be proven one way or the other
they then just become the the media
narrative and therefore the political
narrative and then we have our
governments you know having conniptions
about fake news and things and then
bringing in new laws to try and censor
the free flow of information over the
Internet the free flow of information
even through the legacy media and that
way lies a sort of Talat arianism where
we cannot know the truth we have a
situation now where people distrust the
media they are worried about what the
spies might be feeding into the media
process and I think that has
particularly accelerated since the lies
that took us into the Iraq war in 2003
were exposed and also again in the UK as
well the lies around the spies not being
involved in torture in the war on terror
after 9/11 and this has all been laid
open now so whatever is being said today
if anything comes out it'll probably
disprove it but it'd be years in the
future and we need to know the truth now
you
