the elections will take place so we can
follow the situation you will you can
see all the details online I need to
strengthen that I'm talking about
diplomatic missions if you have any
questions if you wish to us to tell you
about the voting procedure in certain
countries you can find phone numbers of
people on the websites of embassies
these people are responsible for this
they will answer all your questions if
you're faced with certain difficulties
you can refer to present information in
press department we'll try to provide
our help now let's talk about the
situation in Syria the military
political situation in Syria remains
tense but at the same time we see that
the situation gradually moves to
stabilization and moves to peace Russia
remains committed to the UN Security
Council resolution 2254 and continues to
take steps in order to achieve a
political solution in an urgent way and
also to finally eradicate pockets of
international terrorism in Syria on the
16th of March as you know we have
announced it already in Astana Minister
foreign affairs Sergey Lavrov will take
part in the meeting of foreign ministers
of guarantor States Russia Turkey and
Iran they will discuss the situation in
Syria the distillation process and
concrete measures that should be taken
under the truce to peace and security in
Syria Russian servicemen in Syria
continue their active contacts with
members of local armed groups in order
to lay down arms and to dissociate
themselves from terrorists detailed
commentaries about the developments in
Syria are provided by the Defense
Ministry the Syrian governmental forces
conduct large-scale country operation is
culture under with the help of the
Russian reconciliation center for Syria
guided by the norms of international
from Tyrion law they take all the
necessary steps to minimize losses among
civilians and to organize safe way out
of areas controlled by fighters everyday
5 our humanitarian poses continue to
operate to safe passages were opened one
of them was opened by Russian servicemen
on the south of n linear near populated
areas just rain in Al Maleeha the one
another one was established under the
initiative of the Syrian side in her
estes city 60 civilians were created
including 26 children on the 9th of
March local authorities gave access to
the UN humanitarian convoy and the
convoy that it was also sent by the
International Committee of Red Cross and
Syrian Arab Red Cross they delivered
help for 12,000 people extremists
continued to boycott our humanitarian
action they drill initiatives in order
to evacuate people from combat zones
fake al Rahman attacked civilians who
tried to use the passages renowned leha
a woman died and two children died
terrorists continuing rockets and water
attacks on the 11th of March the mask
has witnessed an explosion of dozens of
mines they have Chimeran Barza Bab Tuma
casaba surya Hamidah Chagrin root nadine
were attacked according to the
information provided by the Ministry of
Internal Affairs and Ministry of Health
four people died and 26 civilians were
wounded we call on our regional and
international partners to continue
genuine and mutually respectful
cooperation in order to achieve
political solution in Syria and in order
to prevent the derail of our common
efforts to normalize situation in the
country would like also to issue a
separate warning - warning warning to
Washington it's necessary to strongly
respect
norms of international law and it's
inadmissible to use coal boy actor force
against silver in Syria which is a
permanent which is a member state of the
United Nations as for the statements and
I'm talking about another issue which is
pressing these days I'm talking about
the declarations made by the British
prime minister in the Parliament this
this a preposterous accusation that were
made against Russia against Russian
people we published statement the
ministry statement it's published on the
official website it's believed that due
to action non-friendly
actions taken by the British against the
Russian Federation we're going to talk
about sheltering measures that we will
take we're working on them at the moment
and we will take them as soon as
possible I would like to inform you that
through the Russian embassy was sent to
the Foreign Office several diplomatic
notes they snowed were sent in order to
start an active dialogue with lon with
London on the situation that we have
concerning the use of nerve agent on the
British territory this note this notes
call to start joint work there's no
calls to to to give access to all the
material that we have about the use of
all the institutions and the
organization organizations of the OPCW
the notes also included the request to
provide access to the to mr. Paul who is
Russian citizen and there was another
document that was sent to foreign office
they have been published information
regarding a possibility of a cyberattack
Bhau is the officials from the United
Kingdom against the Russian Federation a
total of four diplomatic notes have been
sent as a response we received some
meaningless replies besides said as of
today the United Kingdom refuses any
cooperation with the Russian Federation
regarding its obligations under the
Convention on the prohibition of
chemical weapons this was said in
particular on the premises of the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons any attempts to get the
official London into the legal space as
the problem is difficult and we are
seriously concerned by what happened
several days ago in the United Kingdom
we are extremely concerned by this
situation and all the information that
we receive regarding the use of chemical
weapons in the United Kingdom so I can
once again officially reiterate that
official London refuses providing any
evidence on this case they are not at
all intending to provide this Russian
Federation samples of the substance that
was found at this space I can also
officially confirm that no details no
information whatsoever that could shed
Florist light on what has happened
hasn't been provided by official London
to Moscow now as the three bilateral
channels nor through the international
organizations we see a continuation of
citizen from national and political
service show with
an attempt to use in particular the
mechanisms of the UN Security Council in
order to once again who is repeated
power if you will the anti-russian
hysteria and ants Russian campaign we
will draw our conclusions and I believe
many members of the international
community have made their conclusions
regarding their level of trust to the
official London we call once again
appalled the United Kingdom to provide
all materials at its disposal regarding
this incident as we call it
regarding the spread of chemical weapons
on the British soil let's now go over to
all the issues of the Global Agenda we
receive regular answers with requests to
comment on the situation in Burma
we do it in regular basis let me now get
back to it we closely follow this region
in the Republic of Myanmar its
leadership takes efforts to ensure the
peaceful process within the country in
some yanma regions and difficult
situation remains the drought recurring
attacks of irreconcilable armed ethnic
groups in particular in late february in
the city of Sidra the administrative
centre of the Rakhine State improvised
explosive devices were operated the
Indian authorities take efforts to put
in place conditions for people to be
able to get back to their homes those
people who fled the northern regions of
the European state before to the
Bangladesh camps are being installed to
initially receive them and active
measures have been taken to enjoy the
humanitarian situation in this region in
particular they have restored the work
of schools closed last year because of
extremist attacks in early March
another thief group of young volunteers
arrived in Rakhine the deliver and
distribute help to the residents of
villages and that suffered from the
situation there are works to rescue on
permanent power supplies to the northern
regions of require documents have been
verified of more than 8,000 of refugees
that were provided in February last year
by Bangladesh to simian Maseratis in
order to prevent infiltration to require
of militants the border services of two
countries increased the number of
patrols along the border line and as a
number of police and border checkpoints
the Indian authorities that are doing
all things necessary to inform the
international community of the real
situation in Rakhine in February three
travels have been organized for the
diplomatic course and this region is
regularly visited by foreign and local
journalists let's also touch upon
several other issues in particular I
would like to tell you about something
we've been often asked about regarding
the work of international organizations
that work within the Ministry of the
Foreign Affairs like for example on the
28th of March the 20th anniversary of
the veterinary veterans organization of
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of
Russia will be celebrated it has been
established by the General Assembly of
veterans and it was registered in 1998
it found influences including mr. Suder
recover ambassador for a fan of an
Moines Kostov scheme but today its
members include Hero of the Soviet Union
Sergey Romans of relates members
included three heroes of the Soviet
Union and full Cavalier of the orders of
glory and three heroes of socialist
labor
today the counts of the veterans
accounts 1558 persons including 500
peoples women there are 34 primary
veteran organizations within the in
departments of the ministry there are
158 veterans of the Great Patriotic War
2000 network is of the dramatic service
in Russia 112 honored workers of the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs 144
ambassadors and 215 invoice the
organization's focuses on providing
social economic support for the veterans
and organizing some events and so on and
so on the leadership of the ministry and
minister in particular pay close
attention to the issues of providing
support for veterans and veterans
organizations they help address and some
urgent needs throughout regular meetings
of a CIB Lavrov with the leadership of
the Veterans Council and obviously we
believe this work should be continued
and it will go on besides that I would
like to say that and regional charity
social and economic a foundation has
been established in order to provide
help for the veterans it's called the
foundation for a support of the veterans
its main goal is as providing social
support for veterans disabled persons
and socially vulnerable people those who
found themselves in a difficult
situation with regard to the veterans of
the Russian diplomatic service the
charity foundation has established a
board of trustees headed by the Minister
of Foreign Affairs given its important
role in providing social and economic
support to veterans
theme
bow that is headed by mr. chickadees M
invites representatives of business
communities and all the international
organizations as well as private persons
and citizens to participate in the word
offenses foundation I can state that
even young people can Envy the veterans
regardons year active life we will
support and these organizations another
answer that we got try it is improving
with announcer to comment on it let me
first of all quota same answer itself it
came from Azerbaijani media according to
I quote according to one of Russian
information agencies on the 27th of
three and regime a roundtable was held
free arts hub with representatives of
firm ad hoc in Moscow Albert Adriana it
was reported that a public organization
will be established in Russian
organization of friendship between
Moscow and arts hunt let me explain what
it is about in Moscow there is no
representation the Republic of Artsakh
as it was mentioned in the question and
as it was reported in the medium as far
as I know and the event was attended by
a member of the Diplomatic Service of
Armenia and as regards as a society of
the Russia arts have friendship I think
it's not necessary to comment on that
we have various organizations most
importantly their existence should not
violate the Russian legislation I think
that's all for in tradition
relaxed remarks I'm ready to answer your
questions yovan and poppy on nova
uranium as we now currently in the
united kingdom president of the
unrecognized nagorno-karabakh republic
is meeting with in the u.s. congressman
besides i said his meetings are planned
with expert communities and the think
tanks in this regard I have the
following question Kenzie's been related
to the new circumstance new developments
of him nagorno-karabakh home settlement
and can we expect a similar a visit of
the Karabakh
leader to in Moscow well you know
talking about representatives that
representatives of some region visit
some awesome region seems strange to me
I think this the answer should be
enjoyed stood with the United States of
America as regards since the Russian
Federation I know nothing about such
meetings
I can only clarify it later we are
committed to all our obligations under
the Nagano Karabakh settlement on the
basis of the arrangements in place and
we try to actively contribute to the
full-fledged a settlement often this
very difficult issue yes please
and I will sign of her Moscow
Information Agency mr. Lavrov yesterday
at the meeting with me Roberto ghulam
stated that the Russian turkey agenda
always enhances the regional
Transcaucasia can we say that the issue
of nagorno-karabakh settlement is
regularly discussed the nagorno-karabakh
settlement is being discussed with a
number of our partners with co-chairs
and with the countries of the regions it
is normal it is part of diplomatic work
andreyeva Nassif yesterday
media reported that ostensibly the
pressure on Russian diplomats in the UK
has been exercised before in particular
some colleagues cited the words by
ministers that even the conversation
with Boris Johnson and didn't resolve
the issue of issuing visas for our
diplomats is it true and I would like to
unsay do listen to your comment to the
United States and statement entitled the
Crimea is Ukraine as a response to the
visit by Vladimir Putin disease and a
substituent entity of our country while
as regards the pressure on the Russian
diplomats in the UK and settlement of
the visa issue I can say the following
yesterday if you saw the statement by ms
may you can draw your own conclusions as
regards and treasure and Russia
deployments it is an example from how
head of the nuclear power considered as
possible to talk to Russian diplomats
and actually is she
Android's Russian citizens from other
Russian she spoke about our people we
saw yesterday what an British love
towards Russia looks like we continue to
see it in international organization
the kind of love whenif estates itself
particularly um obviously is here and
they are our colleagues really
demonstrate their love towards the
russian people in a full-fledged manner
and i should say they receive was the
answer to that
as regards a visa war and I can
definitely characterize a situation like
that well for a long time we considered
it correct to settle this situation be a
bilateral channels so we commanded and
said but it didn't a very correct way
but since London made a choice that we
all know about let me elaborate and said
we mentioned that yesterday indeed and
during some years Russian diplomats have
been basically pushed the way they have
been all kinds of obstacles on the part
of British officials and currency visa
mechanisms it was very simple when a
visa term of validity expired and we
send some diplomatic notes to prolong
the visas well as you understand
diplomats don't live in the country they
simply prolong the existing visas by
chain members of the diplomatic mission
the timeframe for receiving any sort of
reply from official London was not
limited thank you as he no visas are
given in the set terms and these terms
have been established by agreements and
in general the cooperation between the
diplomatic core of the country is set in
the relevant international documents
besides there is also come
hence but they neglected all of that and
many of our employees our diplomats
working in the embassy in fact did not
get new visas and during the high-level
meeting said the level of ministers of
Foreign Affairs Russia has proposed to
unblock the situation at some point we
realized that this situation was not an
accident
but they were doing everything they
could to aggravate the work of our
employees as much as possible as for the
declaration of the State Department
saying that Crimea is Ukraine you know
this looks like electro dreams and all
other illusions Eagers done of Russia
today yesterday the British Parliament
declared that if Russia responded to
sending out of its diplomats by sending
out British diplomats from Moscow then
Britain will do the same and will simply
send out even more Russian diplomats and
the question who could win in such a
competition when one party replies more
harshly to the actions of the other
party and what are the chances to
normalize the relations with Britain you
see you need to ask this question in
London the question who could win should
be given to those who started this
campaign we have no doubts that this is
a campaign from the very first moment we
requested all the available information
on the incident from the very beginning
we suggested using international
mechanisms and documents not just to
raise doubts they cannot be raced in a
couple of days but in order to begin
deep analytical work on what has
happened let me remind you that
all right it happened in Europe this was
an absolutely unprecedented case we only
use their words we do not have official
data as Britain says they used a
chemical poisoning agent in order to
attack a British subject a citizen of
the Russian Federation
everything Russia could do was done we
do not have any information or data we
only have their unwillingness to
cooperate you should ask them this
question it is whether they want to win
winning what and what they think about
victory in this case this is not a
question you should ask us once again
even during this hysteria demonstrated
by London during this show under these
circumstances we will as constructive as
possible trying to establish normal or
as far as we can get legal basis and
dialogue this is not about sympathies or
any special feelings that we should
demonstrate this is about normal legal
work on investigating what has happened
this is an information and political
campaign the conclusions were made
during the first day what can we talk
about here did you have any other
questions yes what do you think about
the chance is to normalize the relations
with Britain but perhaps it is a
question to ask them to
the chance is to normalize I will think
about it yes please
Associated Press
how could you react on this speech by
the US representative during the UN
Security Council session yesterday and
the fact that the United States of
course supported the position of Great
Britain on scrip Hall's case this is a
great question thank you very much we
also had this question this was the
position of the u.s. representative to
the UN was this the position of the
State Department or of the u.s.
structures working on the problems of
nuclear non-proliferation and chemical
non-proliferation was this the position
of the US president's administration
whose position was that or was it also a
part of the bigger plan if it is a part
of the global campaign then they did not
need to get any permissions the people
working on this propaganda shows however
have a very easy task they do not need
to verify anything they do not need the
data they needed to understand what
information they are using nothing is
required they simply need to speak the
same the same go in the same vein of
russophobia
and everything connected with it I have
one question when a certain delegation
makes a statement saying that they show
solidarity with the statements of the US
representative why are they making that
did they have any data if the date was
passed are they hiding that but we see
that no one gave any data so what was
used as a basis for such statements no
one has given us anything and the
organization for the prohibition for
chemical weapons did not get any
information from them there is an ocean
of samples materials of sample materials
of what was found need anyone except the
British authorities received these data
no one did how can we
solidarity with what we do not know
anything about since we do not have any
original data this is just science
fiction everyone is using something and
talks about the origins of the substance
not understanding what substance they
are talking about you might as well
along with your colleagues and people
from the street come and support a
resume this is not a matter of facts
this is not a matter of knowledge or
investigation this is a matter of
ideological support this all means
ideological support this has nothing to
do with the investigation written did
not give anyone any data at all I've
seen it you've seen it there wolf phone
talks by threesome a and her European
colleagues and other people perhaps but
I am not sure that they could use the
phone to pass the samples of a chemical
substance I understand that our
technologies are very advanced
especially after statements of certain
people in London on the possible
cyberattack against Moscow perhaps they
have unlimited technologies perhaps but
they could not pass the samples through
the phone you see this is about the work
which should be carried out by experts
especially when we talk about the
Security Council especially when we're
talking about aggression against the
state they need to provide the facts let
me say once again before we talk about
it in the Security Council this matter
should be discussed in the organization
for prohibition of chemical weapons
a specialized Organization for these
issues are they doing this to delay the
issue to flash it out and pass it later
perhaps they are scarce deposit now or
unwilling to do so apparently they are
hiding the truth simply hiding it
no one provides
any data on the incident we do not even
know the circumstances of how it
happened
who was the attacker was the the group
of attackers was it an organized crime
group or a person who was that and how
did this happen exactly no one knows but
they've already drawn conclusions of a
large scale yes please but still I have
a new question is there a legal
mechanism that Russia could use yes of
course there is we've talked about it
but why wasn't it discussed in the
organization for chemical weapons we've
been talking about this we made an
official statement and passed a
diplomatic note to Britain let me say it
once again
we took several steps we send a note and
when the British prime minister declares
to the whole world that the first stage
was attacked that the traces of the
substance which were not given to anyone
except Britain when Theresa May said
that traces of this substance and of its
production or somehow linked to the
Russian Federation our embassy in London
sand a diplomatic note to the Foreign
Office suggesting that we used the
mechanism of the Convention on
prohibition of chemical weapons in
particular point 2 of article 9 this was
publicly stated and in order to prevent
the situation when something is not
reported - Theresa May we did so because
we've seen examples of that take a look
at the story of the meeting between
Lavrov and Tillerson when we transfer
data on this meeting and you will lied
to saying that we did not give the data
so in order to avoid such case
saying that you know didn't come the
Russian did not pass any notes they made
it up that is why at the same time
Sergey Lavrov openly declared our
proposition made officially to London to
use the relevant point of the relevant
article of the Convention on the
prohibition of chemical weapons besides
giving a speech on the very same day at
the relevant session of the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
the Russian representative mr. Schill
Ginn gave detailed version of the
Russian proposition on the work of this
convention and this was addressed
directly to the British delegation and
this was done in the presence of experts
and allegations from other countries but
we did not receive any reaction the
debate continued and answering our
proposal Britain refused to use this
mechanism Sergey Lavrov also publicly
and openly stated another scene we said
everything we said that perhaps our
British colleagues could not know
something who said that other countries
could not know something we said that in
accordance with this mechanisms it takes
10 days to prepare an answer on the
cooperation proposal but if we use this
article they need to transfer all the
materials and all the data that Britain
possesses Sergey Lavrov also said that
in case this article for some reason
would not be used there are other
mechanisms of the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons which
could be used once again during the next
session of the organization our
representative mr. Shulgin once again
gave written all the possible options of
the work
within the framework of the Convention
and the organization but they answered
this with their information and
propaganda statements in fact refusing
to work with the Convention this is what
we have today and as for the events in
the Security Council you've all seen
that and heard that once again read the
statement by mr. nubbins yeah and this
was another political show using the
mechanisms of the UN Security Council
that's it I would like to reiterate and
say once again that Russia has
officially stated that it is ready to
work using all the mechanisms within the
framework and using the relevant
instruments and tools of the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons as of today this trend
is only getting stronger
London refuses to work within this legal
field everything has been brought into
the public sphere turned into another
campaign and the next phase of this rush
russophobic hysteria yes please Eurasia
daily the representative of the US State
Department during his visit to Britain
has said that the United States the pole
the transformation of Kosovo some forces
into the army and no one has right to
say anything against if we're talking
about the cosmos security could you
please comment the situation and do you
think that any attempts to establish
Kosovo's army can result in to the
escalation of the situation particular
security sedation no I don't it doesn't
seem so because we know about this fact
it's not a question about if it seems so
not seems we are confident about that
the establishment of Cosmo stayed away
it was done all the goals that were
pursued and honor to torn apart to tear
apart Serbia and establish an individual
territory the way how the infirm the
information campaign was launched all
the consequences or results all are
additional factors that make
contribution to the non stability in the
region and the establishment of armed
forces whose establishment didn't result
into the establishment of a state it's
only escalated situation in the region
even more yes please Japanese TV company
Asahi miss the harbor water shelter and
measures can be taken by the minister
because resume say that they're ready to
freeze assets they are canceling the
visit of the British royal family to the
FIFA World Cup
so what action can be taken by the
Russian Federation we will talk about
them later we are working on that at the
moment yes please mr. harbour I have a
simple question for you how the
situation is soon what's how how this
addition is dangerous how much is the
change dangerous because what do you
have certain scale so if you have it
please offer it to us
maybe percentage maybe colors that you
have maybe if you have certain colors
for the degree of danger what watch
paradigm I were talking about if it's
dangerous not that it's truly dangerous
the head of a nuclear state over the
nuclear state goes to the Parliament
there are two branches of power that
take an important step that can that
they can't take they accuse Russia in
the of aggression against their country
and they issue 20 hour ultimatum they
just are detached from their reality
which is very dangerous because if you
take the totally detached from the
reality they ignore the real
consequences it seems to us that it's a
talk show that does not imply any
communications any international rules
it it ignores the the life of the
international world this is just an
opportunity to express your opinion and
to make a story what what what do you
think it's a very dangerous situation
as for the scale I reach rate just let's
talk about the paradigm let's talk the
degree of the danger I'm not talking
about the identifying the degree of
danger I'm talking about them descending
that the people who come they come to
power
they are irresponsible and this
happening in many states they give some
promises some empty promises earlier
petitions when they fought for power
they made some promises for people they
knew in advance that they want that the
some of their promises won't be
translated into practice but today it
seems that we see a real crisis in the
political system of many countries
because we they don't need extra
factors in order to dress their internal
issues but we see a large-scale campaign
that implies an arsenal of threats and
statements in order to stimulate their
internal processes I just don't even
doubt that Trezza mace mace case has an
internal factor maybe she wanted to look
like a strong leader but we see that
she's a different leader and I don't
think that it's necessary for me to give
any evaluations about that you
understand everything my name is Elena
is from Dana daily I'm talking about the
German political preference there in the
Russian embassy in Riga they say that
they will be tomorrow in Moscow well
they will the question is whether they
are going to have political refuge or
temporary refuge as we know the people
they served in the nuclear facility it
means that that they classified
information that he received was quite
valuable he's ready to share this
information with Russia and another
question if he's going to be united with
his family I don't have any information
about that I cannot say anything I need
to specify that if we're talking about
our Consulate General I need to specify
that information to find the details
I'll give it to you personally or I'll
give it to everyone and then during the
next briefing yes please reasons of
hello I have a question that I have do
during the whole interview this is the
Bulgarian national he forgot his phone
and he's asking could you please visit
Bulgaria in the second question that I
have you're talking about real man real
man
they were proud of Bulgaria and those
who weren't able to visit Bulgaria will
help them to do that
as for my visit to Bulgaria
I'll need to think about that thank you
for your invitation I have already have
one and in contrast to sell gear of Roth
who didn't take the invitation issued by
the Great Britain your invitation that
you have issued with your heart I will
take it and I will think about it yes
please two more Silvana of Sputnik first
Mizuhara I would like to express my
gratitude to about the situation that
you told about decision that you had
with parliamentarian mr. Slutsky we are
so concerned by men I'm concerned as a
Russian citizen yes as a citizen okay in
Vilnius the association of forgotten
soldiers were asked to destroy the
monument on the tomb of the Red Army and
they Danilov symmetry the Russian
ambassador said that Russia didn't want
to do that but Russia's ready to take
the territory measures there they are
talking about at home of Lithuanian
citizens in Siberia so what's your
reaction to that and the second the
Ministry of Justice of the Russian
Federation included in tuesday the
international center of electoral
studies as the organization whose
activities are not welcome in russia
so what's erection and that and do you
think that today we witness an attack
conducted by the west against russia and
the electoral process do you think there
will be any conflicts so you I think
have joined us recently
in the beginning I have talked in
greater detail about the actions taken
against the Russian Federation
particularly by the Great Britain so
London I wanted to use this story and
took to connect it with our internal
processes I think we're also talking
about black PR attempt to tarnish
Russia's reputation their attempts are
taken to do everything within the
framework of this media campaign to
isolate and contain Russia their
attempts to do that again these attempts
were not successful it they tried to
unite regions in the coalition to
isolate Russia but these attempts were
and we're not successful but the West
still wants to do that and actions taken
by London and support provided by the
American vehicle establishments bearing
this in mind we can say that all these
attempts are still being made stakes are
high and no one wants to abandon them
you had also a question about the two
questions were about Lavinia Lithuania
as for the monument I think that our
ambassador has said everything you need
but this is a part of the media campaign
to rewrite history because monuments
is you know it's like a visual
instrument of all the historical dates
and events this is a visualization tool
because not everyone reads Chronicles
because times because a lot of time has
passed since the end of the Great
Patriotic War because previously young
generation you are all the details from
their relatives from the grandmothers
and grand mothers and grandfathers and
great grandparents so today historical
memory within a family particularly in
Eastern Europe it's fading because there
are less and less witnesses that can say
what happened there and the new
generations will say that and the new
generations is difficult for new
generations to receive the true facts
about what happened there because when
people go on the streets and they pass
by this monuments they see this day and
they see this monuments they in this way
remember everything that happened
because once again monuments visualize
all these memories the more we go in our
discussions of the events of the Great
Patriotic War the more we should say
that less and less people read
historical documents because any
attempts to destroy this monument is an
attempt to delete all this information
about that so that people could build
and create new can concepts in order to
create a new history of the Great
Patriotic War it happens everywhere in
the Eastern Europe not in all the
countries but in most of them
particularly
countries that you mentioned there are
many other states there are hybrid
attempts to do that when States take
every steps in order to prevent the
destruction of monuments and they
remember the contribution made by the
soldiers of the Red Army but however
there are political movements who
support the idea to destroy the
monuments there are vandalism acts
desecration acts so we see large-scale
massive attempt to clean up the
information field so that no one will
impede these people to shape new history
of the Second World War the Great
Patriotic War
as regards specifically respond measures
that you've asked about I will clarify
it and get back to you later news dot
rule I have a question regarding Syria
my first question on the 13th of March
the u.s. announced convening a meeting
on the southeastern zone in Syria
whether it will take place can we say
that the Oman platform still functions
and my second question is as following
tomorrow is meeting in Kazakhstan do you
work on organizing a second round of
negotiations in the forum format or it
is no longer learned as for the Arsenal
process it still remains relevant
obviously the format and level of the
meeting of participants of these choices
can differ depending on the situation
but we had of the Russian Ministry of
Foreign Affairs and had open the
relevant agencies and leadership of the
country have repeatedly
reaffirmed the importance of the as
denim trousers our constructive and
important role and the important role of
Kazakhstan has been trimmed as a regard
sons in time of next meeting I will
clarify it and are there any other
questions thank you I have a question
regarding isn't your appointment in the
US I mean the new leader of the CIA
why should that worry everyone
people trembled in the audience well
don't they understand what I'm talking
about
and it's really concerns everyone
according to the US media she has been
involved in tortures not only to his
report not only media reports that
public organizations have even made
relevant statements well mr. Harrer I
still have the following questions we
know that the royal regular detentions
and citizens by a u.s. Secret Service's
following this appointment shall we
expect a new wave of attention let me
clarify something I have no information
regarding the tortures of Russian
citizens and as we see reported that now
I mean the two watches of Russian
citizens I have no such information if
you have some materials please hand them
over to us yes we will there are
questions over UNH's you in detention
conditions of Russian citizens to put it
very correctly when they refused the
medical assistance they refused contact
that there should be allowed for them as
the Chinese but as regards tortures
let's be cautious with words it's not a
matter of populism it's a matter of
specific details if you have information
please hand it over to me I will clear
on my part as well it is an internal
appointment in the US it is about the
decision of the US administration it is
an internal affair of the United States
of America undoubtedly
as regards the you reaction over NGOs I
believe they have full right to express
their concerns about specific decisions
the NGO says a deal with human rights
issues but again it is an internal
appointment that has been made by the
leadership of a sovereign state if they
believe this will make their work more
efficient and more effectively then it's
their decision after the yesterday's the
Security Council meeting do you expect
that the US will join these sanctions
introduced by the UK against Russia it's
up to them up to the United States to
decide what we see is that a number of
representatives often see political
establishment have medical real on the
set I mean introduction of anti-russian
sanctions and low beam of anti Russian
laws adopted under Russian measures
people have made in good careers and
build up a capital on that let's be
honest it's an this work is not made for
free the political system in the US and
the valid legislation in enables
lobbyists activities there has been page
so many people have built our capital
and made a career in the US some three
sale all the activities
many people simply um stay in office
over decades and thanks to that work and
many people have made a good capital how
the anti-russian campaign will further
evolve into you as this question should
be asked somewhere else we can have long
discussions over who benefited from this
case there is no single parameter no
single motive that the Russian
Federation might have had not to commit
such things but to refuse cooperation on
this issue our greatest wish today is to
start specific word with the British
side on this matter we cannot simply
realize why we are not provided and not
only we but no one is provided with the
specific evidence even if it is provided
to those who have supported the campaign
in a closed format it will raise even
more questions why isn't the
International mechanism in place been
applied do they want to bring the
anti-russian campaign to a new level
yes that's obvious what happened
yesterday at the UN and attempts by the
relevant delegation didn't left any
doubts that there is another aspect of
the story
namely to link together all elements
offers they can use of chemical was
chemical weapon and things that are
happening in the Syrian Arab Republic
allegations of the use of chemical
weapons by Syria with the connivance of
the Russian Federation and
since it have been voiced and yesterday
it all suggests the following logic
actually supported by the expert
community the troodontid disapprove the
Syrian government uses chemical weapons
in Syria and Russia supports it and as a
final evidence they present the fact
that Russian used chemical weapon in the
UK so another motive of this campaign is
to link together all elements and to get
the best from this and start with
chemical weapons the best part of a
well-planned plan and those who cite
these versions never try to consider for
a moment why did Moscow need it
why did Damascus need it Damascus had a
real chance for peaceful life and right
away right after the most part of the
country has been liberated from
terrorists when people really get back
to their homes like in Aleppo for
example when people start coming to
increments then all of a sudden official
Damascus starts so he was in chemical
weapon why what for that's what is
accused often by the West this area is
absurd when it all falls apart then they
need some massive information below so
that people who are becoming behind this
plan and invent another story about how
Moscow allegedly ostensibly used
chemical weapon in the UK why why would
we need in early module when did it
happen in spring 2018
why would we need it
have you even tried to consider it what
sends a sense of it who is the one who
benefited from it those who were over
several years have been developing the
story about the Russian invasion
yesterday Foreign Office published in
and creatin video it's an something
amazing it was all about Russian it says
our aggression allegedly started in 2006
with the case of livening go before we
used to be a normal country then his
next step seaside 2008 when Russia
didn't respect the sovereignty of
Georgia previously they called Russian
aggression now they started calling it
the lack of respect for territorial
sovereignty from Georgia because it's
now proven that in Russian was started
by Saakashvili now next step is an
antagonist information bodies of Germany
and violation of airspace of the NATO
and then comes a picture of the
President of the Russian Federation so
that no doubts remain that and he
embarrassing hadn't landed us at all but
I have one question why didn't you play
that why didn't you include and that
videos a cyber attacks and that we are
accused of has official London
recognized that we have nothing to do
with that if as I mentioned cyber
attacks on Germany is it now over with
the interference into US elections does
Britain doubt it it is just a nonsense
which are we are witnessing now the
logic doesn't work here but the massive
scale of the use of media
almond of all means of public mo with
statements into you and in the
parliament it all forms and general
picture yes once again let me Ernst and
the question of your colleague from
Italy indeed it is a very dangerous for
the global stability and peace we have
one more question a public television of
Armenian yesterday in here on a chairman
of the International Committee of the
Federation Council mr. Coss such of
thrusts Russia would not continue weapon
supplies to him as a virgin's it was
before 2016 does it have to do with the
fact that Russia sees a new risks of
renewed conflict I just can tell you
right away I have no information that I
shall get back to it later thank you and
see you later
