and thank you for joining us on the
program so we have 23 Russian diplomats
who will be expelled from Britain they
have one week to leave what do you make
of the measure well we are at the
beginning of our local election campaign
and the Tory party is very far behind in
the polls so I think the way this has
been exploited in the media and endless
coverage of our prime minister taking
this strong and stable sand up against
Putin and Russia may very well and this
may be a big part of it but I just have
to tell you I mean it could turn out all
this true the trouble is we've been lied
to all my life and with the passage of
20 or 30 years the truth eventually
comes out I can remember back in 1964
when America started bombing North
Vietnam we were told it was because the
Vietnamese had attacked an American
battleship 20 years later we were told
that wasn't true so literally politics
is a dirty old game and I think the
simple way this has been mad rush to
make all these decisions I we should be
waiting for the full police inquiry to
come out with a report it could very
well be that Russia has no involvement
in this it could be a rogue Russian
agent was behind it but you have to ask
one thing
if Russia wanted to kill this man they
could have killed him when he was a
prisoner in Russia why if they waited
this long and why use a chemical weapon
that makes it look definitely as though
Russia's behind this that many simpler
easier ways of killing someone without
leaving all these fingerprints all over
it absolutely and there are so many
unanswered questions with this case so
far the investigation as you said is
still ongoing given that don't you feel
the measures are premature I think they
are and I think we've had over these
last few years a sort of paranoia in
Europe about President Putin and his
strong defense of Russian interest every
country defends its own interests I
when we had a situation in the Crimea
virtually no one on the British media
was told that Crimea had been a part of
Russia for centuries it was too
overwhelming he filled with Russians and
it was only when that then president
Khrushchev back in the mid 1950s changed
the boundary that it came under and
Ukrainian control and no one was told
about this I mean I've never seen any
British media reporting in detail about
the predominance of Russians in the
Crimea and at the course at the time my
Ukrainian government was taking some
very unpleasant measures and frankly I
can well understand that Russians in
Crimea don't wish to be under the
control of Ukrainian government they
would rather be under control of the
Russian government
Theresa may also pointed out to that MPs
and members of the royal family will not
be attending the FIFA World Cup in
Russia this summer and what kind of
impact if any will that have or is it
simply symbolic is it absolutely no
impact at all if Theresa May was serious
about taking action against Russia you'd
be looking at a big ramping up of
economic sanctions but their course that
would damage the west as well I mean
trade is important between Russia and
the rest of Europe and so on so I have a
feeling a lot of this is about trying to
build up the image of Theresa May who
did very badly in the last general
election and this is trying I think
trying to create an impression here we
have this strong stable leader who can
defend our interests but simple fact is
a nothing good is going to come out of
this Joe's a marina who's on board her
to be one of our tea special World Cup
hosts is now coming under pressure to
refuse the job but why do you think
sport and politics are being merged
together here and why well if you think
back to the Moscow Olympics back I was
in 1970s or 80s I can't remember now I
think it was 1980 or 84 I can't remember
but I we were told I mean we shouldn't
threatt shouldn't be going there but
young men like said co who now heads the
International Olympic organization and
they all refused to take it I mean it
did become part of that politics they
were determined to go and they did go
and I think frankly our athletes should
be free footballers should be free to go
and take part in this I it's not
politics at the nerve agent used in the
poisoning
Navi Nova choc it could in theory be
produced by anyone as as we've
everyone's been saying the composition
of this nerve agent is no secret do you
think again that other players have
prematurely been ruled out
at this point too soon oh I undoubtedly
they literally I mean the police and I
was responsible for policing in London
for eight years they are very good very
disciplined at actually finding out the
facts on something like this but it will
take many days if not many weeks before
we can have a very good idea about who
might have been involved in so on and if
it turns out some Russian officials were
behind this then we should seek their
extradition we should put them on trial
I the simple fact is yes the world is
awash with you know dangerous weapons
like this and I literally that the chaos
under Yeltsin regime I wouldn't be at
all surprised back in the 90s a lot of
this stuff was sold rather in other
countries and the Russian embassy in the
UK has called for measures unfounded
something you would agree with I as I
said at the beginning this might all
turn out to be true in it so it would
have been a disgraceful act on the part
of Russia but I don't think we should be
announcing I and condemning people until
we have some evidence and some truth in
all of this as I said are you all my
life in politics I've watched
governments all around the world I do
pretty terrible unpleasant things and
also lie to their own people about it
just 24 hours ago no less UK
counter-terror police said they are yet
to declare any suspects and now we have
British politicians insistent that
Russia was responsible for the poisoning
is there any case where police would not
relay their findings to the public oh no
the police will produce their report the
government will have it I think it would
be completely impossible for the
government not to publish that and have
a serious debate about it but I would be
very surprised if it did identify simply
who was behind this it's going to be
very difficult and it could be many I
mean when I beat was elected to
Parliament thirty years ago the first
speech I made I exposed the fact that a
British Army captain had taken rogue men
over the border into the Arab League of
Ireland to murder the most popular rock
band in Ireland at the time the Miami
showed back in order to undermine that
then Labour government was trying to do
a peace deal with the IRA so it could be
axed by a rogue element no doubt about
that but I would find it very odd to
think that the President of Russia is
and sitting in his office deciding who
to kill someone who is no threat any
longer basically now retired in Britain
I would have guessed that and mr.
Putin's got more important things to do
than that Ken Livingstone former Mayor
of London thank you for sharing your
thoughts on the matter we do appreciate
it on the way Britain bans entry tans
entry
