this hour now we start with breaking
news from the US where President Donald
Trump has sacked his Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson Trump explained his
decision by saying the two didn't really
see eye-to-eye on this I'm now joined
live in the studio by our correspondent
egos Don Aviva thanks for coming in and
some people might be quite shocked by
the news others perhaps not what more do
we know about Tillison sacking at this
point well first and foremost some of us
may remember the story how Rex Tillerson
used to have Trump's tweets print
printed out for him and put on his desk
every morning this was pretty much how
he found out about being sacked this
Tuesday morning so he was pretty shocked
I guess himself so this is what happened
at least according to his spokesman and
neither Tillison and Trump did not
really speak face-to-face about this at
least yet so really when I'm saying that
this came as a surprise to Rex Tillerson
I'm saying this because he himself had
every intention in staying in the job as
long as it takes have a listen
so you see he said he said it was good
so clearly comes as a surprise for him
even despite some rumors you know
revolving around you know relationship
between Trump and Tillison you've heard
Trump criticizing him on the Iran deal
it wasn't it was far from the only thing
Trump was not too happy about Rex
Tillerson job for example North Korea
was another thing Trump thought that
Tillison was quote wasting time on with
this diplomatic outreach to North Korea
so the highly anticipated meeting
between Trump and the North Korean
leader which was rather shaky which was
anticipated but no one confirmed it now
looks even more uncertain so really they
are on different pages there were on
different pages with Trump very much
unlike Trump and Pompeyo the telethons
replacement have a listen how trump
described his relationship with the ex
CIA chief now this not only means a new
Secretary of State but it also means a
new head to the CIA as well of course so
tell us more about these new
appointments yes so Mike Pompeo the
former CIA director clearly this means
that the State Department's well Hawks
are so to speak nesting in the State
Department now because we should expect
more hardline diplomacy from the from
the US diplomats now for example Mike
Pompeo is a man who actually supports
the NSA bulk data collection a huge
scandal my which mired Obama's tenure
also he's a critic of the Iran deal just
like Trump and whistleblowers will also
have a much harder time with this
diplomat in chief so to speak have a
listen how Mike Pompeo talked about the
weekly
WikiLeaks walks like a hostile
intelligence service and talks like a
hostile intelligence service ignorance
or misplaced idealism is no longer an
acceptable excuse for lionizing these
demons this man is set to lead the whole
of Washington's diplomatic team but
what's even more interesting in this
whole scandal probably is another person
sort of elevated along with Pompeo and
it's the new CIA head and this is jeanna
hospital the first woman to actually had
the agency she used to run even before
being appointed as a deputy director she
used to run a CIA black black site so to
speak in Southeast Asia and she
reportedly was the one who ordered the
destruction of the tapes detailing the
torture or world enhanced interrogation
the way Washington liked likes to put it
or at least do detainees there so she's
a very secretive person as well for
example at least when she was appointed
as deputy director in 2017 people
actually struggled to find a single
photograph of her online so she's not
she's not a public face at all so with
this with her as nomination things kind
of fall into place I should say because
with given Trump's stance on enhanced
interrogation and on Gitmo bringing more
Hawks in the State Department and
bringing and you know elevating bringing
this person as such person as Gina
Haspel in the limelight this is really
outlines the sort of the hawkish shift
we should probably expect from
Washington now indeed and given the
reputations of these two new
appointments perhaps it would seem that
Rex Tillerson just wasn't as hardline
enough as that Trump wanted yes thank
you for those details that's ego star
now thank you
