Moscow says it has no connection with
the poisoning of the Russian former
spies Sergei screw pal in Britain I see
you in northern Russia is innocent
Russia is ready to cooperate according
to the Chemical Weapons Convention if
the United Kingdom's bothers and
condescends to abide by its own
international obligations under that
convention the investigation into the
poisoning of scrap Al and his daughter
is still ongoing authorities believe
they were deliberately targeted with a
nerve agent traces of the substance were
detected at the restaurant where the two
ate before they were found unconscious
on a nearby park bench or later in the
program will be going live to our
correspondent Polly Boyko for all the
latest on this story now Navid shock the
nerve agent mentioned by the UK prime
minister is a binary gas meaning it
contains a mixture of elements it was
secretly developed by the Soviet Union
in the 1980s however its formula is no
longer confidential he's reputed to be
one of the most deadly nerve agents ever
created former CIA officer Philip
geraldi believes that Theresa Mays
allegations veer away from the factual
well I think what we're seeing here is
she's making a political point she
essentially is responding to the the
media in in Britain which is going
hysterical on this story and also I
think she's she's hoping to to hurt your
President Vladimir Putin by making this
statement shortly before the Russian
elections she also said it appears to be
I mean appears to be is a rather
nonspecific expression which means they
don't know and I would also add that if
this were a Russian military-grade nerve
agent the two people of all of us would
be dead and there would be about a
hundred more people dead in the
immediate vicinity of this so the whole
story doesn't make a whole lot of sense
and as you say it
it invites analysis that says how would
the Russians be so stupid to do
something like this if they really
intended to do it and keep it secret
well joining me now live as promised is
our correspondent Polly Boyk up in
London Polly can you sum up for us
what's been the view in Parliament of
this incidence well look we've just
heard the Russian Foreign Minister
talking and we've now got this situation
where he says there will be no official
response from Moscow until it gets a
response from London about what exactly
was the nerve agent used in that attack
on Yuri and Yulia script pal he also
said that it's all got nothing to do
with Moscow and that Moscow hasn't
received any direct requests from the UK
for any information about this take a
listen to what Sergei Lavrov had to say
we're waiting for the United Kingdom to
respond to a request that we filed in
accordance with the very same convention
about the necessity to provide us with
the substance in question and the
necessity to make the whole
investigation open to us because we're
talking about a Russian citizens so
Sergei Lavrov they're referring to yulia
script pal that Sergei scruples daughter
she's obviously a Russian citizen and
he's saying that Russia is effectively
learning about all this through the
media coverage and what's been said in
the British Parliament and that they've
had no direct as I said approach from
the UK in relation to this so we've
always got this diplomatic standoff
where both countries are now waiting for
official responses from each other they
really appear to be at loggerheads we've
just had the British Foreign Secretary
that Sergey Lavrov
direct counterpart here in the UK he's
spoken about the latest on this he says
that Russia has until midnight tonight
so he's reiterated that ultimatum
said if they can come up with a
convincing explanation then obviously
they'll they will want to see full
disclosure of that to the orgonite
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
in the Haight if not then they're gonna
be announcing the UK response tomorrow
in the meantime
Boris Johnson says he's been talking to
his foreign counterparts trying clearly
to bolster support for some unified
sanctions potentially against Russia and
he says that he's been encouraged by the
support he's received so far to resume
statement in the House of Commons was
very strongly worded yesterday and it
costed fierce discussion about Russia's
actions on the world stage in Parliament
you normally use the word debate in
relation to the House of Commons but
there was very little debate after
Theresa May statement there was a rare
case of almost unanimous agreement that
Russia is behind this and that it
requires what this word that's been used
a lot over the past week a robust
response the Prime Minister appears to
have the support of most of the house
behind her although the leader of the
opposition Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn he
wasn't as is as explicit in his
condemnation of Russia
he drew a lot of criticism for that take
a listen to what MPs had to say in the
House of Commons robust dialogue with
Russia on all the issues currently
dividing our countries both domestic and
international rather than simply cutting
off contact and letting the tensions and
divisions get worse I entirely agree
with the prime minister in her approach
to this murderous attack we are not back
all members of parliament should stand
together the world we may not be in a
period of cold war with Russia as we
were in the 1980s because of their
actions it could be said that we are at
least now entering a period of cool I
have absolutely no doubt that the only
way to you will deal with Putin's regime
in Russia is robustly decisively and
together as a parliament and a country
is Russia fit and proper state to be
hosting or engaging in international
sporting fixtures in 2018 we possess a
considerable range of offensive cyber
capabilities which we will not hesitate
to deploy against that state if it is
necessary to keep our country safe we've
all agreed that Russia is a clear and
present danger we have got to be fully
organized to meet that danger well
overnight we also had a response from
the US Rex Tillerson the US Secretary of
State he put out a statement saying that
the poisoning clearly came from Russia
but there's never a justification for
this type of attack the attempted murder
of a private citizen on the soil of a
sovereign nation and that we stand in
solidarity with our allies in the United
Kingdom now the Trump administration had
its own response from the White House
but it struck a rather more cautious
note take a listen we stand by our
closest ally in a special relationship
that we have you're sure you're not
saying that Russia was behind us right
now we are standing with our UK ally I
think they're still working through even
some of the details of that and we're
gonna continue to work with the UK and
we certainly stand with them throughout
this process later on this morning the
Home Secretary
amber Rudd she is going to be chairing
another emergency Cobra Committee
meeting she's going to be getting
updates on the progress of this still
ongoing investigation as to what
happened specifically to Sergei and
script pal and how that nerve agent came
into contact with them and the cabinet
behind the scenes will no doubt be
mulling over all the options and all the
potential responses that they could find
themselves unveiling tomorrow if they
get no response from Moscow
