they may not see eye to eye on
everything but when it comes to food and
drink it does seem that Angela Merkel
and Vladimir Putin can put any
differences aside that after the Russian
president revealed the two leaders do
stand united in their love of beer Peter
Oliver has the story well it was the
trade agreement between world leaders
that had everybody talking what did
Angela Merkel receive in return for
sending Vladimir Putin a few bottles of
his favorite German beer well during a
press conference that was supposed to be
about what was going to be going on in
her new cabinet while she was asked the
question and she gave the answer
this is pecan toast it is know that the
Russian president likes to drink German
beer and sometimes there is a
possibility that we can make exchanges I
have also gotten very good smoked fish
so Russian smoked fish in exchange for
German beer the beer in question rod the
burger that Vladimir Putin said that
Angela Merkel sends him a few bottles of
every now and again comes from part of
East Germany where Vladimir Putin was
stationed during the Cold War as an
intelligence officer with the with the
Soviet Union intelligence services he
apparently developed a taste for that
beer while he was stationed there his
family went on a a tour to the village
where the beer is brewed in fact and
that prompted him to you know let mrs.
Merkel's people know that that would be
what he would like if it was if it came
down to a tipple of choice and certainly
it seems that she prefers some of that
smoked fish in return
