well we spoke exclusively to one of the
hopefuls there Pablo Neruda nin he's the
candidate for the Communist Party
he's a 57 year old director of a farm
and his left-wing platform proposes
nationalizing big industries and banks
to critics they do accuse him of keeping
his own cash in foreign banks although
that is something he denies RT asked him
about some of the pressing issues facing
Russia and its society terrorism appears
in places where people live in poverty
and an environment for terror groups to
develop first and foremost we must get
rid of such environments people must be
employed if a man has a job with a
decent wage and cares for his family he
won't become a terrorist if he has no
job and has fallen for certain doctrines
imposed on him he becomes easy prey for
terror recruitment I'm talking about the
domestic situation as for terror groups
existing outside of the country we must
fight them very hard the good guys
should be strong and pull no punches I
think the European Union pictures Russia
is a threat in order to consolidate its
internal policies I'm getting the
impression that the EU authorities
present Russia as the enemy to
consolidate themselves while doing so
they're lobbying for defense spending
why would you unleash an arms race if
you already have a lot more weapons than
we have and your military budget is
bigger than ours I believe someone wants
to escalate an arms race even more and
for that reason it must be shown that
there is some sort of threat in
existence we can put this issue to a
referendum but I can tell you 99 percent
of Russia's population will be against
same-sex marriage it's certain so why
raise the issue it's like asking Muslims
whether they're lean pork
they won't although in many other states
people that use pork and there's nothing
wrong with it but Muslims won't be doing
it in Russia
people have certain moral norms and we
must consider this fact so as of today
we don't have any grounds even to
propose the issue of same-sex marriage
to our nation
