five year deadline to charge former US
intelligence chief James clapper
expires on Monday despite calls from
both parties to prosecute him he
allegedly lied to Congress under oath
about massed domestic surveillance does
the NSA collect any type of data at all
on millions or hundreds of millions of
Americans no sir it does not not
wittingly there are cases where they
could inadvertently perhaps collect but
not not wittingly
well clapper statement there was
revealed to be erroneous just months
after the testimony with Edward
Snowden's revelations about mass US
surveillance American lawmakers have
criticized the Justice Department for
failing to open clappers case he and
others who have held administrative
power must be held accountable to the
same laws that govern the people of the
United States
he admitted to lying to Congress and was
unremorseful in flippant about it the
integrity of our federal government is
at stake because his behavior sets the
standard for the entire intelligence
community but if calamitous Charles
hotel says that klappas case does fit
into a larger pattern of failures to
prosecute it can be taken very seriously
but to date it is seldom been prosecuted
aggressively and depending on the facts
of the case prosecutors may make a
determination if they only want to go
forward with cases that are easily won
when you look past the narrow issue of
clapper and you look at the long period
of President Obama's tenure for eight
years which is only now beginning to
come under the kind of scrutiny I felt
it deserved a long time ago what you see
it have been a long-standing pattern and
practice of harnessing the machinery of
the the fearsome machinery of the US
Federal State against enemies of the
Obama administration and in favor of
friends of the Obama administration and
that's the larger story or not simply
whether clapper should be prosecuted for
the one instance that's admitted where
he did lie under oath to Congress
