hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered on peter Lavelle
the art of the deal is being put to the
test can Trump the former reality
television host broker a deal with the
North Koreans will the deep state allow
him also is the world entering a new
trade war
Krauss sucking some real news on joined
by my guest Mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have Victor 11 he is a
political analyst as well as a leading
expert at the center for actual politics
and we have of course Dimitri Babaji is
the political analyst with Sputnik
International all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in anytime you want I always
appreciate it
let's start out well there was the
phrase Nixon went to China is Trump
going to at least metaphorically go to
Korea what I find really remarkable let
me go to Viktor first is that I think he
did this all on his own he didn't tell
anyone and the the reaction from his own
administration they were caught
flat-footed and of course the media is
dead set against it because well they're
a front for the for the deep state
what's going on here Victor of course he
didn't tell Tillerson who as much
history took ill in africa yes and it's
actually good that he you know if he met
with Lavrov in in Ethiopia as they as
they were planning who knows what would
have been accused of what their but with
the trip to North Korea first of all
it's questionable whether the trip will
happen considering all kinds of all
sorts of circumstances of course for the
real Deno polarization of the Korean
opinion so to happen the United States
would have to do two things first of all
it would have to give guarantees of
non-aggression against North Korea which
is what they've wanted all along
yes but those guarantees would have to
be they wouldn't just be words because
everyone knows how much words are worth
considering what the United States did
to Iraq to Libya and to other countries
that got rid of their weapons of mass
destruction Syria yes so what would
North Korea want in exchange for
denuclearization it would want the
United States to withdraw its troops and
bases from South Korea and of course a
recognition of North Korea as an
independent state and both on both
counts the United States is not willing
to compromise why I had in my
introduction well the deep state allow
him mark okay I want to toss another
alternative view in there it
entirely possible that that Trump went
out on his own and the deep state is
horrified there is another possibility
South Korea North Korea just had a very
successful
you know first blush spring of date ons
with this joint Olympic team and they're
talking to each other they've agreed on
a meeting in the DMZ between the two the
two leaders and Russia and China Russia
working with North Korea and China
working with South Korea seem to be
playing some type of tag team to
facilitate a process and there's some
evidently some real substantial things
are actually being discussed about
security guarantees and so on
among the Koreans among the crew now we
have mentioned on this show multiple
times that we think that the US needs to
but out of this process the two Koreas
needed to keep the u.s. out of the room
this may be a chance for the u.s. deep
state to interject itself back into a
process that was bearing too much fruit
and then did have enough American of
finger uh foot what is it fingerprints
all over it and sabotage it to make sure
that that there is no agreement between
a South Korean president who seems all
too eager for them on reaching some type
of peaceful agreement there's a lot of
wiggle room here because it's saying the
obvious that Trump is unconventional but
he basically was replying to an
initiative through another intermediary
I mean there was no letter okay we don't
know the terms and conditions and that
allows actually Trump and the North
Koreans and the South Koreans a little
bit of wriggle wiggle room because they
say well we didn't actually say that but
what I find very interesting is that
Trump startled the deep state by saying
this because it there are no
preconditions there were always
preconditions for talks and then Trump
has dispelled a dispense with it which
is really the real news here well it's
amazing that the American press did not
criticize Trump when he called Kim
dronin a sick puppy when he said that he
is a rock
man on a suicide mission that's
perfectly all right that's not
warmongering right when she said that we
have no choice but to totally destroy I
think they thought it was bad taste bad
policy and now they say it's bad policy
you know when just a glimmer of hope for
a dialogue has appeared that's already a
huge danger why is the United States
press behaving like that because it is
ideologized for the ideology of
neoliberal as neoconservatives which is
basically one thing for me in terms of
foreign policy destruction of mankind is
not a huge misfortune baking off you
know making a compromise that's a
misfortune how can we let this Kim
Journal get off the hook you know that's
the most terrible thing for them not the
destruction of the career what's really
interesting here and I think our viewers
a bunch of watch this on a regular basis
is that it doesn't matter what President
is in the White House they don't want a
piece on the Korean Peninsula that
doesn't have the permission of of the
deep state and this is meaning the
complete collapse of North Korea right
well I mean the interesting thing is
here is that you know there's talk of
unification there's always been talk of
you know reunification but under whose
terms the reason they don't want
compromises because they understand that
compromise between North and South Korea
would mean that the United States would
no longer have a reason to keep its
bases in South Korea and the goal of the
United States over the deep state of the
American establishment is get to keep
those troops and bases in South Korea
they're not there so much against North
Korea but against China and it's a huge
footprint it's also close to the rock
it's also close to Russia's Far Eastern
and so as my colleagues have said here
before the deep state is very much
against the step by Trump and they may
still have a very good chance to to have
that type cancel it may not have it's
very interesting here you know Mark the
the thing is the dilemma that faces the
deep state is it if there is an outcome
and the hypothetical an outcome in on
the Korean Peninsula
with the initiative on the side of the
Koreans that sends a message to the
entire region the Japanese are going to
say oh so what conditions in which you
withdraw from your troops from from
Japan the Philippines we're gonna have
Taiwan see it's a dilemma domino domino
effect but you know the thing is is it
you know I always wanted to teach
European history is that you know why
did the first world war start it started
because of prestige you do not want to
lose prestige you know the United States
would lose a huge element of prestige in
that very important country in that
entire region and they they that's what
keeps them up at night
III think there's a degree of the u.s.
is always concerned with prestige
they're insecure about their
self-proclaimed leadership position over
the world but in pursuit of hegemony
they need to keep South Korea as as
their client state they need to keep
their military bases there they've got
ballistic missile defense these fad
systems in in South Korea now and the
threat of an of an independent United
Korea historically Korea has stronger
ties with China and greater animosity
with Japan however the small amount that
is that would be a break in the u.s.
containment of China that they cannot
allow so they they can't allow us go
forth this is why I think the deep state
is actually trying there behind all of
this trying to interject in the process
I think they no fool what Trump was
doing now quietly from what I understand
South Korea talking with China China has
been talking about Russia and China
providing some security guarantees to
North Korea and South Korea has been
making some promises that under
theoretically you know far down the road
in the event of reunification Korea
wouldn't join any anti Chinese NATO
designs target II and they've also
promised to limit the number of THAAD
systems not allow any more to be erected
what's really interesting here is that
again our viewers may not know this is
that under extreme security conditions
in South Korea an american four-star
general is in charge of the entire
military operation of south korea there
are two South Koreans that want their
sovereignty back to be able to make
sovereign decisions for their own
country and their own people and you
know it's the people to the north
they're related to them they're the same
people here all right and again this is
going to be sending messages to other
groups and politicians in Asia there are
within this web of military bases that
the United States is created in the
Pacific there there are people and in
Japan will say we should take care of
ourselves we're a rich country and then
of course would be good for their arms
interests Japan has been trying to kill
US forces exactly I think that the
United States are afraid that South
Korea would go the way of Iraq I mean
look at Iraq yeah they let the Russian
planes through to Syria without the
Iraqi government taking the decision I
mean we don't know exactly how it was
taken probably it was Iranian influence
probably something else but Iraq has
shown a certain deal of sovereignty and
they Iraq him a foreign minister last
week was in Russian he was received at a
very high level why because it's a
sovereign country they have shown it so
if South Korea goes the same road as it
seemed to be going and the president
came to June under his successor normal
home it looked like South Korea was
becoming a sovereign country but you
know mark brings up a really good point
here Victor is it if there is some kind
of progress among the Koreans here it
could easily backfire against the
Americans when that when they when
they're saying hey we're a sovereign
state and we can make sovereign
decisions this is where you know the
you're gonna hit a brick wall here of
course the Korean supposed to the north
and in the South they do not want a war
they don't want in there as well here
before
just like the Vietnamese just like the
Germans they do not want to kill each
other they do not want countries of
thousands of millions of casualties and
of course the only
that would be okay with that to some
degree it would be the United States
because they do not really care Lindsey
Graham I mean one of the most outrageous
things to say I mean this is how Empire
thinks okay it has no scruples and has
no morality okay I gotta jump in here
mark we're gonna go to a short break and
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion and some real news stay
with our team welcome back to crosstalk
where all things are considered on Peter
LaBelle to remind you were discussing
some real news
okay let's talk about spy mania that is
overtaken consumed the UK demon what
does it all mean because from what I can
tell no evidence has been demonstrated
to the public about motive the means
anything that you would have to do with
a criminal investigation they've really
jumped their skis again that's exactly
true because they didn't produce a
single shred of evidence that rush is
somehow involved but you know last week
I got 20 calls from the BBC from channel
4 they all wanted to kind of use me as
you know the other side and they just
refused the other side in their mind the
problem is that the other side is
supposed to be a liar and an idiot who
just doesn't want to recognize the
obvious and the obvious is the most
dreadful thing here just I read the
version from The Times the version from
The Times is that Putin is like Henry
the second who got these guys crippled
delivered to him like Thomas Becket was
delivered 200 a second in 1170 they
called me and they asked me what I
thought about it I said it was idiocy
and I didn't want to comment it but of
course they will say oh he's afraid
who was it wasn't such an important
person Victoria Powell was arrested in
the early 2000s he was charged with
espionage he was he wasn't a Russian spy
he was a British he was he was he was a
Russian military intelligence officer
who defected to who spied for Britain
when he was in Malta then he was in
Spain when he was in Spain he got into
honey trap and and then it went on and
he kept working for the British
intelligence he was arrested he was in
jail in Russian prison until 2010 well
he was pardoned and exchanged for ten
Russian agents from the United States
and Chapman yes
and and so if Russia ever wanted to do
something to mr. scoop out it would have
done something to him when he was in
Russian prison to let to pardon him let
him go to Britain live there for years
and then do the separation to the
separation in which you know with a very
strange way of neutralizing him of
incapacitating him right before the
World Cup is a completely ridiculous
scenario so one would have to ask a
question who benefits hoop Russia
certainly benefits it does not benefit
in any single way from this and the only
ones who benefit are the Brits and the
other European nations that are set
against Russia the World Cup in Russia
and set for further deterioration of
relations between Moscow and the West
not all the Brits but people like Boris
Johnson let's be frank about mark me
what's this thing you know with Linfen
Yenko we had poisonings exotic nuclear
poisoning and now we have this nerve
agent here I mean I don't understand
this type of thing if you're going to
use this as a weapon how do you know
you're not going to be infected by it as
well it seems to me that there's if you
want to get rid of someone you couldn't
get you can make sure they go away in
their sleep I mean why this is why they
do it they need something high-profile
really scary spooky and sation say
tional outside hand as a US military
veteran I stopped believing in US
weapons of mass destruction pre pretexts
a long time ago and this is what this is
just like Litvinenko writ small
Litvinenko polonium nuclear poisoning
this story is the same thing except it's
chemical weapon poisoning right they
Russia literally hit him with a chemical
weapon we don't have no evidence of that
but that's what you are supposed to
believe and this of course the agent
that was supposedly used a nerve agent
if it's anything like sarin unlike the
slapstick operations with the white
helmets and
Syria right where they're running around
without rubber gloves touching each
other holding each other carrying around
and no one's affected we saw an
emergency personnel in in London who was
affected by this nerve agent who then
immediately suffered that the exact same
consequences of going into a coma and
you know it's very unlikely that he will
ever recover but the press doesn't need
any evidence no the Russians involved
right we've just had the immediate
assumption that well who else would done
it if it wasn't Russia Eli Lake writing
in Bloomberg right he's one of our
favorites right he's a neocon true true
true blue right he whenever the CIA
wants to put something out him and Josh
Rogin are the ones they go to his the
title of his article in Bloomberg the
other day was treat Russia like the
terrorists it is then the subtitle
whether the script ball poisoning can
beacon confidently pinned on Moscow is
beside the point
thus aside the point pictured a footnote
for those that betrayed their country
for the West if you have if you have no
use to your Western masters anymore
beware they may very well have a final
use for you to use you or your death
against the country betrayed for one
last time right I mean it's not just
Litvinenko it's not just for if ghosts
can dance off in Moscow who for some
reason had to be killed near the Kremlin
you know just shot that told somebody's
got a choreographic remember gurgi
Golgotha supposedly killed by President
Kuchma
you know people in 2001 as the Western
press wanted us to believe and then the
new president the pro-western President
Yushchenko claimed that they found the
head of gun Gaza
five years later in a swamp you know
somewhere in Ukraine who can believe all
of these stories there are much more
suspicious stories Jurgen more among the
former German Minister of economics who
started criticizing Israel for some
reason committed a suicide not letting
his parachute goal
you know then Angie lepre the only real
alternative politician in import very
anti you very popular commits a suicide
right at the doorstep of an election you
win you're kinda in in Austria and no
one is suspected of the political agenda
of those that are driving this here John
I wanna ask all three before we talk
about trade wars here I think all of you
have mentioned World Cup here is it good
at work I mean the World Cup is the
world okay and that's a pretty tall
order
so you have they want like a European
boycott American well the Americans
don't be there the British establishment
actually realized that the sports
establishment in in Britain is very much
for participating in the World Cup as
and the same goes for the other European
teams for the other European sports
organisations so they needed they
understood that in order for the sports
organisations to be convinced not to go
in order to have a good chance of
convincing them not to go they would
have to do something there would have to
be some extraordinary reason because
whatever boys what boys Justin thinks or
says you know that the sports teams
don't really care about them but they
would have to be presented with
something extraordinary to be convinced
and this present is going to be
presented as an extraordinary general I
want to switch gears because I mentioned
in the introduction let's talk about
trade wars here Donald Trump is pushing
has pushed forward his agenda on and
putting tariffs on imports here the
European Union has made it very clear
that they will retaliate we're still
waiting for what the Chinese will do
what they'll do and they will do
something here Marc is this gonna spiral
out of control or is it just you know
because we know that there will be
exemptions so Trump can say I did what I
said I would do during the campaign I
signed the executive order on tariffs
but then you know I talked it back a
little bit so it kind of equals out so
is it just like a campaign promise and
it won't go too much further I think it
has every potential to spin out of
control both as foreign countries take
retaliatory measures whether it's EU
countries China or
there's Canada Mexico right because
there are also big contributors of Steel
to the United States but also
domestically because as the prices of
Steel rise right because of these
tariffs you will lose far more jobs as
auto workers as a prices for US
consumers rise this is the problem with
neoliberal globalization the the
architecture of the economic system the
whole world once you started it if you
everyone is interconnected and if you
try to back out of it and put these
protective measures then without a
self-reliant economy you leave yourself
open and Russia has gone through this
same process very recently and has been
busy finding alternative sources of
supplies D Club decoupling and import
substitution building up its own one of
the things that demon and Viktor the one
lobbying in the United States is
actually terrified of a Chinese reaction
and that's the agricultural sector of
soybeans huge export for the United
States to China the Chinese can make can
make the agricultural sector in the US
sweat well I mean it's becoming obvious
that we are actually not going to have
one globalization we're going to have at
least three globalization and that's
because of the aggressive character of
the US and the European Union who pushed
their variant of globalization so
aggressively I mean look at the whole
idea of trans-pacific partnership TPP
doing a Pacific globalization without
Asia and China isn't that a crazy idea
you know the result is that now one of
your goals containment now across the
world you have countries that want to
trade more with the United States and
with a you you know globalization number
one but you have countries that want to
trade with China and not only in in in
Southeast Asia but also in Africa at a
time here we have the third you have the
third conversation made up of ASEAN
I think you think when I look at
countries like China that export the
United States well if American consumers
don't have any money to buy imports than
the and this is something the Chinese
are beginning to realize is that debt
levels are so high in the United States
the ability to go to purchase you know
it's a non-starter I mean something like
this that should have been taken care of
a long time ago we said in the last
addition to this program this was built
in as part of the post-war era and now
the chickens are coming home to to hunt
them go ahead exactly second that's and
that's why if Trump really wanted to
start with bringing back production and
bringing back American workers jobs he
should have started with the
infrastructure bill which he promised a
trillion dollar bill both chambers of
there because you've got you have to
make something that people want that is
the one of the one of the elements of a
great power gentlemen we've run out of
time for this segment here many thanks
to my guests here in Moscow this is the
end of our broadcast segment stay with
us for the extended version on our
YouTube channel see you next time and
remember crosstalk rules now for the
extended version of our program we have
political potpourri I will start this
term I was tickled to death I was so
happy to find out that the the National
Endowment for democracy which is a
misnomer it should be named something
else these are the people that bring
revolution to your country in the name
of democracy they're losing some of
their funding and a POIs percent and of
course the neo cons are gone crazy about
this because it's one of the ways where
they really line their pockets but the
American taxpayer also pays for it these
are not in autonomous actors here this
is an arm of the deep state and they're
getting defunded Marc well I'm really
concerned though I mean how will Saudi
Arabia how will they make it to
understand oh wait a minute the national
government of democracy never talked
never targets US ally dictators they
only point their hypocrisy at countries
that US foreign policy the don't align
with u.s. foreign policy this is one of
the things that I was very glad to hear
promised Trump promised on the campaign
that he would end this euphemism of
democracy promotion
let's be clear is meddling in other
country's affairs again and again and
again and again you know what the US is
supposedly screaming about right now
that they don't want done to them but
this is part with the neo-cons love
democracy promotion because it gives
them a a moral self-justification
they are horrified whenever you try to
equate us is quote democracy promotion
to say with supposedly Russia promoting
democracy in the u.s. by exposing the
Clinton rigged the Democratic Party I
can't find any greater example of
democracy promotion and then that myself
personally if it was them and not just
WikiLeaks and a whistleblower but they
are horrified there's no equivalence
there's there's there's nothing to
equate the two of them they're
completely different but they are
different when we doing it the
interesting thing is Victor is that you
know mark I think puts a good
characterization of this mindset of
these people but you know you know I I
find them truly remarkable because they
have no sense of reflection they never
look back Oh what did we do to Iraq what
did we do to Afghanistan what did we do
to they have no conscience these people
I have it's an ideology of no conscience
about what they do you know his reason
they don't really they don't really care
about the people of Iraq they don't
really care about the people of Somalia
or Syria or Libya or all these other
countries that they have destroyed for
one single it is we don't care about
they do not they do not believe that
these people are equal to them it's
actually there's a there's a both of
civilizational and the racist stigma to
it which is not talked about frequently
but but it is there they do not believe
that these people are equal to them they
can do anything even though even though
they're gonna be defunding this it'd be
naive to believe that it's they're gonna
stop or stay away of course they would
deem a Europe
well I mean I love just loved one of
their commentators who haven't heard
about this story about democracy
promotion said the following comment to
RT Libya thanks you for their us
installed democracy the slave market was
a bit of a surprised at the fact that
there are three Warren
actions all killing people and all
claiming to be the government but it's
okay it will be taken care of we're sure
of that right so this is the kind of
democracy promotion that we have the
other excellent equipment this week on
democracy promotion came from Julian
Assange in in in London watch your
language
yeah where he sitting kind of confined
in in the Ecuadorian Embassy just like
the Catholic Cardinal was sitting in
Budapest for how many I think about 20
years right so when when Eric Holder
said do something the u.s. democracy was
attacked
Julian Assange wrote you attack there a
u.s. democracy because because of you I
have been sitting there for five years
having nothing to do but work around the
clock so just just remember why we
cliques is so important why are they
doing so much because their leader is in
fact in prison you know I I have the
same article that you have here and the
people that were criticized the usual
suspects they don't really react they
don't push back they they just keep
moving forward because anyone that
disagrees with them is it morally
deficit they their sympathizers with
foreign leaders they're Russian BOTS you
know it's for me this is what that's
really interesting about this mindset is
that it's so hermetically closed
nothing can influence it okay and that
is the definition of ariza unreasonable
right when you said it's an ideology
without memory just like communism did
not want to remember that life had
existed in Russia before 1917 just like
the Nazis did not want to remember that
life had existed in Germany before 1933
every totalitarian ideology claims to be
totally new to bring you to a new free
world we should not remember their
crimes because this is all before
entering this new paradise that's the
dialectic there is even more extensive
it's not that they don't remember their
crimes for example they talk a lot about
what happened to the Native Americans
but what they do is they say well we are
told for those crimes and therefore we
are better than all the rest because
because we not only
we are better at everything else but we
also better at atoning so atone to four
years so in that way it's it's a
dialectic of being above and better than
everyone else whatever they do even when
they say sorry if they're sorry is
sounds to them sounds better than
everyone else's sorry what are the
things that the u.s. you know they've
been continually screaming about this
Russia gate thing you know as their
justification they said the goal of it
wasn't necessarily to get Trump elected
or something they say it was to cause
chaos it was it was to make people doubt
the sanctity of the u.s. democracy and
electoral system which is completely
different from what National Endowment
for democracy does criticizing oh wait a
minute they do it do exactly the same
thing they do it exactly the same when
they are criticizing countries that
don't align or they are attacking
meddling in the politics of countries
that don't align with u.s. foreign
policy and they are not doing anything
about democracy in countries like
Wahhabist dictatorships like Saudi
Arabia Qatar Bahrain etc that is not
principled it's not principled when you
do it only when it's easy and when it
doesn't cost you that's free text that
is weaponization of democracy as a tool
of hegemony and geopolitical manner it
was really remarkable you know this
metal quote-unquote meddling with the
bots in st. Petersburg the trolls you
know that that works under the
assumption that there was no chaos in
the United States no differences of
opinion I mean the the Bernie Sanders
phenomenon it is a real example of this
how people are disenchanted with the
establishment with the in the rise of
Trump is an obvious example of that the
rejection of mainstream media that's why
people are watching this program right
now is because they don't have any trust
in those institutions who destroyed that
trust they did Peter okay was you
spitting in the toxic see that caused it
to overflow that there's a perfect
example well I mean I just don't
understand how can for example the black
American pilots the descendants of
American black slaves
killing Syrians or Arrakis how can that
atone for for the crimes of their white
owners in the 19th century but if you
read the American press that's a huge
achievement you know the black pilots
are on missions in the countries like
Iraq and all the other ones but it's
simply immoral you know it's more in
that you know in that context what
they're really saying is that those
black pilots should be so grateful and
so thankful for being accepted by this
anglo-saxon civilization and being
allowed to bump and to destroy other
people's and other countries you have
that to have that right they should be
so great so grateful and that tells you
again a lot about how civilization Lee
this anglo-saxon order it it really
believes it is above everyone else but
also I think it was one of the events of
this week you know this interview that
President Putin gave to megyn kelly and
which was finally broken sifu also on
russian television i just loved her
question first she kept pressing putin
why are these 13 people doing something
in american internet you know and then
the second question was something like
Trump insults everyone in the United
States he insults our dear democratic
liberals
why isn't he insulting you what do you
think and Putin just said I have no idea
how isn't it dangerous that the
President of the United States would
insult the President of Russia wouldn't
people like to avoid it but this
ideology they won't conflict they want a
conflict between Putin Neutron of course
it's because of the magical pipi tapes I
mean that's what everything gets megyn
kelly said one honest thing not not
during the interview where she presented
she argued that she said presented facts
she presented the opposite of facts
there during this interview or she
accused Putin with them but in the post
interview on hardball with Chris
Matthews
she said about Putin he's very smart you
get the sense that he's the smartest
person in any group so there's no use in
trying to outwit him well certainly if
she doesn't have any chance to
that's why that's a send nitwits to tuck
in she's a special person well she
exactly she has talents okay some guy
okay
alright gentlemen we've run out of time
for this segment this is the end of our
extended version of the program we hope
you enjoyed and we'll see you next week
and remember crosstalk rules
