previously on the great American pill
direction
I can't believe we made it all the way
to the Boston Harbor
actually we're in Buzzards Bay hey
everybody I'm Stephen Baldwin gosh I
look fantastic Hollywood guy usual
suspects my favorite movie proud
American first of all I'm just as George
Washington assurance and RV enthusiast
uncle Steve this is my buddy max famous
financial guru and well he's a little
bit different last but not least my
larger-than-life Pomerania an aspiring
star REO with all the drama happening in
our great country I'm hitting the road
to have some fun
I mean everyday Americans forward what's
America to you our ancestors suffered
the most and see how things got so crazy
I was naked completely naked he bit my
finger hopefully start to bridge the gap
this is the great American pilgrimage
welcome to the great American pilgrimage
finale extravaganza with your host
Steven Stevie B Baldwin so here's the
coolest part of the great American
pilgrimage it started out as an
experiment where like you see me now I
was sitting in a mirror dressed like
this my hair was not done as well mind
you but that's okay in that
foreshadowing I saw the great American
pilgrimage and I said to myself Stevie B
could you just get in an RV and get the
dogs along with everybody sit
perfect on camera and back to one and
riyo sit very good that's very head on
out across this great land I didn't
think you could add another task to what
you're doing while driving but eating
soup while petting your dog while
texting while driving while talking on
the phone
probably a new record multitasking while
driving on the highway I'm on a
pilgrimage yeah hell yeah that means
anything's possible
in the wake of this most radical
political event which was this last
presidential election it's caused such
angst and division so for me I've always
believed in the hope of America I've
always believed in the opportunity of
America most of all have always believed
in the freedom of America I'm not
feeling that vibe absolutely now so how
do we go out start a conversation let it
be a lot of fun because I think
everybody connects with laughter I went
out there and I utilized my own unique
brilliant genius sense of comedy and I
used that to heal a nation now that
hasn't always worked out for me
is today free RV day
thank you
do they say yes
you guys ride some really cool gnarly
big machines we figured from our friends
at - digital cache we bring in our own
heavy artillery squaw leah wins by a Sam
slide and from there start to create a
dialogue create a conversation but do a
lot more listening and have a
willingness to not be in a hurry to be
so judgmental of whoever it is I'm
talking to you
but rather listen and learn about who
they are and then see where the
conversation goes from there and that's
where it goes to you guys out there all
you pilgrims around the world that have
joined this conversation whenever there
is a question in America whenever there
is an injustice that needs to be
uncovered there always as a people a
people behind a pilgrimage a movement
and certain in alien right did I say
that right is it in a Leah bilawal cuz
if I play it back in my head from when
I've heard him like important people say
like in a Leah bull writes like you know
what I mean in alienable where do I say
in alien an alien we're that safe non in
Haleyville or let's say it again in
alienable that's not how you say it in
alien and then the buh-buh-buh know if
you want to talk about in a leah ball I
didn't even know what the word means but
max is in a leah ball
how does a green plant work photo
synthesis it takes in carbon and farts
oxygen
we are breathing plant farts every
moment with Max is a best max moment
spirit animal spirit animal comfort
bebop is five four so it's a pop pop
didn't do bat mmm bebop bebop Max is
just not gonna be told how to or not to
be max period main stage here the best
of the best Festival in Corpus Christi
right now they've got obviously
beautiful
I would are those Mexican Mexican
dresses can you tell me what that is I'm
a visitor here what am I looking at you
know can you help me just answers cuz
that's max baby maybe on this trip give
me the spark
the great American pilgrimage could be
the great American revolutionary
declaration and war against Oleg
Opelousas knee of futile lists the
kleptocracy the cactus stock receipt
yeah the cactus stock recei ruled by the
least qualified well now we can talk
about stuff that's not in the show right
when we set out to do the great American
pilgrimage we made a plan it turns out
that the plan really just couldn't be
done down in Venice we're at the cow's
end coffee shop and we're meaning this
Holocaust survivor and we're getting
ready to have an interview with him and
we set it all up it's really wonderful
to meet you
hey I just want to hear your heart okay
well minima 60 years ago we listened
gained knowledge in 1938 their status
and then this little children's kind of
singsong playdate kind of yoga session
broke out which I guess is quite normal
here on the west coast
do we have any of the footage of me
spilling the coffee on him awkward si
there were some hiccups during the great
American pilgrimage you just never know
what might break loose or change do I
mean anyway so what we're doing what is
this what are we doing this is reading
what YouTube comments YouTube God which
brings me to the first comment from some
youtubers is that what you call the kids
today youtubers right okay because I
know over at RT which is our network of
distribution a Russia today they're big
with the YouTube as well those folks
they like the YouTube RT does and
apparently the YouTube likes us uh-huh
let me see those see these are important
here's why see you had me see now I can
see but then if it were started
it's a reason I'm the leader thought I
was over there fooling around I didn't
 been waiting for this excellent
Baldwin is a sandwich short of a picnic
this person is already a pilgrim they
have joined the pilgrimage they
understand it they get it and we thank
you welcome here's another comment from
one of the YouTube kids it says good
show with people doing their jobs and
asking questions great idea using
original media concepts so here's a
person that really has captured the
vision of the great American poverty
so I like that comment that's a nice one
I appreciate that thank you Dennis
here's another YouTube observation and a
comment when I ran for public office
that was part of my theory that if there
were more dialog between individuals
across all walks of life that true
healing of a community could occur now
there's your pilgrimage people I'm not
interested in my opinion I'm interested
in learning from other people's opinions
going around the country talking
irregular people but we're having fun
and this is that conversation and that
is the inspiration for the great
American pilgrimage Oh can't pronounce
this person's name AS ascend yes so this
youtubers observation is uh oh that is
Norway lol I haven't laughed like that
in weeks
good job guys we're at the what's the
monument we went to Mount Rushmore and I
get out of the RV and we walk by this
tour bus and we see this flag on the
dashboard of this tour bus and that was
a real moment like I've sit there and I
go oh my gosh this is a tour bus of
people on some kind of Confederate flag
tour and I pointed that out to max who
explained to me that it was not a
Confederate flag no that is Norway
this YouTube question and comment is
simply is that Stephen Baldwin here's
another youtube comment right now it
says - Digital cast just went up more
than five hundred dollars in a day so
one of our sponsors - digital cash which
is a cryptocurrency great American
pilgrimage was responsible for keeping
that awareness out there about - and
what they're all about and how it's a
wonderful opportunity to make a
difference and make money for yourself
and then bless others with it - baby and
the gaps
we're like the Charlie's Angels of - so
it's the simple I push send and you know
you see you've already received it
$3,000 it's awesome on behalf of great
American pilgrimage and - digital cash
here's a check for $5,000 for operation
delta dawg this is substantial greatly
appreciate it thanks - I'm changing
welcome back to the great American
pilgrimage finale extravaganza when we
last left our hero he was reading
comments from YouTube and this
observation from Chad he says does
anyone here know what - is without
having to google it
what does - mean - is a digital currency
it's Bitcoin with customer service as
I'd like to say - digital
cash cow of cryptocurrency I love this
one here too common right here it just
goes this should be a series that's just
awesome I hope that person just watches
the first episode over and over and over
welcome to Venice Beach California
welcome to Venice Beach California
welcome to Venice Beach California what
a revelation that person will have later
what it's a series the next comment from
some dude whose name I can't read says
maybe by pilgrimage they meant they
drive around America high on pills watch
this I turn this innocent-looking
plastic gun into fanatical
look I'm not kidding I crossed it out
cuz I wasn't gonna say anything
you shoot it five or six times becomes
bruised banana guy that's what you gotta
get a new banana guy that's my breakfast
by the way that's weird dude I'm jumping
to another one it says a couple of rent
boys bumming around America it's right
now what you're saying is is you got
some kind of a vibration with minimax
and the twins it's what you're saying
billions and billions of mini maxes are
ready at the ready like them like the
Minutemen it's a seminal moment in
American history what does that mean a
couple of rent boys bumming around in a
Rent Boys well maybe that's probably
somebody who's like a hardcore RV
enthusiast
I'm changing
great American here's another YouTube
observation and it says is Stephen drunk
or just a natural idiot anyway you be
the judge
America take a look just let me know if
I'm gonna hit the house or a cable what
he writes it on a ffice it's a is it
like a psyllid so yeah like that APHIS a
little bitty eighth of an inch little
bug don't be frightened
well I see you got some flame there
excellent okay here's another youtube
comment it says more like american
crackhead pilgrimage now shove me right
up into his into his lap push I mean
we're on a pilgrimage trying to turn
left here that guy almost cut me off
does he realize who is a passenger in
this mighty pilgrimage Rio de Janeiro
did real poop in the back of the thing
do you smell poop another youtube
comment here folks
says I love this program but if I was
traveling with Stephen less him I would
duct-tape him him and throw him in the
closet he can be so obnoxious we got
into a firefight and he wouldn't shoot
so I hit him on the top of the head with
my helmet told him the father same idea
yeah and did he respond
yeah good first well Rios my first as
well well and that's from this cat
Dimitri but I'll tell you what son watch
your watch your shenanigans my guard dog
he now globally famous Pomeranian Rio de
Janeiro he'd be on you lickety-split son
watch yourself Dimitri can't say that is
that okay can I say that that wasn't
mean right I'm changing
I want to apologize as the host of the
great American pilgrimage turns out I
was wrong
it's in alienable the word alien is in
there now let's go make some other
observations of the great American
pilgrimage join me won't you
now when our pilgrimage began we started
out
in Los Angeles California from there we
went to Phoenix Arizona you may turn
around ago no I think they're dum-dums
and they were to wake up and I'd like to
hit him in the head with a loaf of bread
you know started in Los Angeles
California this finger here so much
shorter it is right here I had an
altercation with a guy on PCP and he
drew him our scuffle he bit my finger
off Charlie
Charlie
and went to Phoenix Arizona
do you know who I am oh you're exactly
now I've been around you're appended
father you know I'm one of the most
important time on your five-dollar bill
yeah from Phoenix we journeyed all the
way to Denver Colorado I know what
you're thinking you're thinking we went
self from there not at all
we took the pilgrimage north right up
here to Rapid City from Rapid City we
went all the way up to Fort Yates ladies
and gentlemen once again continuing on
the pilgrimage north
is that right no you forgot Texas oh why
is it circled okay so hold on as I was
saying from Rapid City we journeyed to
the great city of Chicago you still
forgot Texas we went to Texas from there
yes where's the down there in Beaumont
it's circled there yeah they're from
Denver everyone is convinced how
brilliant I am until right now hmm right
do this whole time sneezes like that so
like I was saying this was the rehearsal
of what we're doing now I was rehearsing
we went from here
all the way down here the Houston area
specifically the Beaumont Texas area
you look a little smiley and giddy I
thought it was cause I mean right there
exactly
and then from Beaumont Texas read up to
shy town
daddy look Rio we're in Chicago
right no you went from Texas to Mount
Rushmore up here you know there's a
reason I had to become an actor is
because I don't know any of the stuff
and now you're having fun okay
you tell me our heroes say goodbye to
Texas and hello to the open road as they
set their sights north on one of
America's most iconic landmarks we
seriously drove from there up there I
thought you know if I'm gonna die in a
flaming wreck I'm not Rushmore who
better to do with this even though it's
a pilgrimage you really never know where
you're going
come on okay so we went from Beaumont
Texas all the way up to Mount Rushmore
right yes Steven and we saw Mount
Rushmore well brother yeah the light
shines upon our forefathers as we
approach huh this is it and from Mount
Rushmore where we go
Tatanka io take III attack cake I think
okay Tatanka io Tonka like tongue ah my
tongue aground healthy really healthy
thank you right so here we are 48 and
from there we went to Chicago here I
like big cities brother we're New
Yorkers right but I like coming to
Chicago I got a lot of old friends here
they got great deep-dish pizza and
Chicago was just the Windy City called a
Pomeranian
it's coming like an Iranian but with
palm in front of it where do we go from
there you drove to Massachusetts right
straight through to this area here see
see that it's kind of like a see that
this is where the magic happen with the
finale
myself the great American where we
actually took our personal Rd and we
took it out upon the water
we had faith but that RV could walk on
water and by golly it did right here
Boston over more great American
television
well to be honest with you we really
don't know where the pilgrimage goes
from here I believe we're on the
precipice of a whole new precipice and
that means that the impossible has now
become possible it's a Kairos moment
here in America Kairos is Latin of
course for a moment in time when things
are no longer the sand is when you bring
the power of Stevie B and Max Keiser
together
