the investigation into accusations of
collusion between team Trump and Russia
has turned to the Miss Universe contest
back in 2013 Donald Trump allegedly
invited President Putin to the beauty
pageant being held in Moscow that year
although it's not clear what the
connection with the u.s. presidential
election three years later is supposed
to be but as evidence of meddling goes
it is by no means the weakest as you go
see Dan off explains many tried many
failed but the folks at CNN have finally
done it
undeniable proof of how the Russians
convinced some 60 million people to vote
Trump in 2016 and drumroll please it's
this game has Russian trolls created and
released this anti Hillary Clinton video
game you heard me right it's a video
game they actually named it it's called
Hill Tendo according to CNN the game
featured three levels first you had to
help hillary clinton delete as many
emails as you can a nod to the scandal
over her handling of classified
information which had been miring her
campaign for months then you were
supposed to assist the presidential
nominee to collect money from some Arab
states evading the bombs at the same
time and the final challenge to throw
the US Constitution as far as possible a
silly game that could be written by a
programming sufferer more during their
bathroom breaks doesn't take much to
sway an average American voter or at
least that's what CNN appears to believe
and you know what it shows just how far
Russians were willing to go to meddle in
our domestic affairs but for the sake of
argument let's break down the numbers
this game was reportedly played some
nineteen thousand times even in the best
case scenario if every game counts for a
new person who was eligible to vote and
actually showed up at the polls this not
even two hundredths of a percent is the
share of voters the game no one's ever
heard of until a few days ago may have
swayed but direct influence was only
part of the ploy
claimed CNN apparently developers could
track gamers behavior and then target
them with specific ads on social media
something that according to those
networks themselves was almost
non-existent comments on Facebook face
bombed at the investigation the funny
thing is the game touched on the points
of everything she has done wrong and CNN
is reporting like it's a bad thing some
amazing reporting there CNN you found a
video game about presidential candidates
a game designed to reflect the way she
lives and it took you a year after the
election to get your report out Pulitzer
material low yep that's what did it CNN
this game that nobody ever heard of
totally swayed voters in Wisconsin but
you know up to theories of Pokemon
meddling and dumpster-diving for
evidence in Moscow so we thought we come
and take a look in it
this report somehow begins to sound
plausible Eagers dawn of RT
