after the surprise announcement of
face-to-face talks between Donald Trump
and North Korea's Kim jong-un mixed
messages are coming out of Washington
this meeting won't take place without
concrete actions that match the promises
that have been made by North Korea we're
ready to have the first meeting without
precondition let's just meet unless we
talk about the weather if you own well
it's not the first time Washington has
been inconsistent in its policy on North
Korea with potential progress now being
made calibre often looks at who deserves
credit they both love political drama
big weapons and nuclear buttons but now
it appears that little rocket man Kim is
ready to meet with Donald the dotard
their words not mine and surprisingly
Trump has agreed and the administration
is all too clear about who they consider
to be the winner of this battle of the
bruisers what we know is that the
maximum pressure campaign has clearly
been effective for the first time in a
long time the United States is actually
having conversations from a position of
strength not a position of weakness like
the one that North Korea finds itself in
due to the maximum pressure campaign now
the White House has every reason to
think so
after all they just slapped new
sanctions on North Korea they pressured
the world to halt all trade with
Pyongyang and they've fired almost every
weapon in the English language arsenal
all aimed at stopping Kim with Donald
Trump's so-called hard power we can't
have madmen Rocketman sick puppy
shooting rockets all over the place we
will have no choice but to totally
destroy North Korea but is Trump the
real winner here after every tongue
lashing he received from the Oval Office
Kim fired back with his own retort
furthermore came engaged in diplomacy
masterclass with South Korea engaging in
negotiations and even securing the
unified Team Korea at the recent Winter
Olympics he's now all set to sit down
with Donald Trump it'll be unprecedented
the first time in history now at this
point it's quite an achievement for Kim
jong-un
New Yorkers what they think who's the
real winner of this upcoming meeting I
think it's a win for North Korea Korea
because they definitely approach Trump
about the issue and our president Trump
was being very I say immature about the
situation so I think since the North
Korean president took the first step
then I think it makes everything better
he was trying to make a step for peace
it'll look good on Trump's part because
he's the first president I believe to
meet with the North Korean leader it's
better probably for North Korea than it
is for USA it's absolutely a victory for
Kim jong-un this is an individual who
has been the leader of his country for
now I guess seven years but has been
completely isolated he's never met
another world leader it leads to a whole
host of unanswered questions and risks
that the American president is offering
what Kim jong-un wants most on the front
end of a process where we haven't yet
achieved what we want most which is
North Korea's denuclearization so while
everyone's going nuclear over a meeting
that could potentially turn the tide of
this crisis it's starting to look like
Kim might be the winner of this round
Kaleb Maupin RT New York
