hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
it's a global trade war imminent if
Donald Trump follows through on
increasing cares and up ending existing
trade deals it seems very likely after
all this was at the very center of his
campaign for the presidency it was a
promise he made to his base will it make
America great again
Krauss sucking trade Wars I'm joined by
my guest
Mitch Fierstein in New York he is a fund
manager and author of the book planet
Ponzi also New York we have an Lea she's
a former adjunct professor at NYU and
her latest book is will China's economy
collapse and in Brussels we have Steve
Keen he is a distinguished professor at
University College London
all right crosstalk rules in effect that
means he can jump in anytime you want
and I always appreciate to all of you
before I ask the first question I'd like
to reflect on something that Pat
Buchanan wrote a couple days ago the
title of his article is why is the GOP
terrified of terrorists and this is what
he has to say from Lincoln to William
McKinley to Theodore rose oh and from
Warren Harding to Calvin Coolidge the
Republican Party erected the most
awesome manufacturing machine the world
has ever seen he continues to say the
u.s. relied on tariffs to convert from
an agricultural economy in 1800 to the
mightiest manufacturing power on earth
by 1900 a very strong advocate of what I
suppose what the president is going to
be doing when it comes to global trade
let me go to Anne first reflect upon
those words because in the mainstream
media it's all gloom and doom I think
part of it is it's because of what it's
this president that is saying it because
we had Bush and Obama looking at
increasing duties on a number of things
and it would focus all quite a bit on
China so maybe Trump is amplifying it
but I think it's still pretty much a
political football and in New York go
ahead yes certainly there is some
association with Trump that's making it
unpopular but generally speaking I think
a lot of folks have recognized that a
real trade war would really damage US
interests because the u.s. is very
reliant on imports from around the world
many US companies have operations
elsewhere especially in China and so
having tariffs would essentially just
hurt their own bottom line and this is
basically a boomerang and so why would
you want to hurt your own companies is
basically how they see it
and so I think that there is growing
recognition that that would be a really
bad policy and aside from just political
rhetoric and so I think that folks are
trying to raise that point Gary Cohen
may have raised it but has been
unsuccessful you know you know Mitch you
know let's stick with the Paul the
politics of it before we get you get
into the nuts and bolts here is is Trump
just bluffing the world I mean is it
just part of his political style I mean
it's quite interesting here I mean I
think all of us I mean to one degree or
another know basic economics obviously
trade tariffs are not a good idea we can
look at the 1930s the most recent
experience it was a disaster for the
global economy no okay Steve says no but
let me go to mich first go ahead I think
yeah I I think that there are a lot of
moving parts to this that we have to
consider and you know whenever you have
a complex situation you try to simplify
it as best possible like the president
uses one word soundbites or 140
characters and a tweet to try to get a
message out now what we have going on
here is geopolitics and neoliberalism
and its failure over the past 30 or 40
years so what we've got to do is
identify the threats that we have and
the United States and the fake news
media always says that Russia is the
biggest threat it's a little difficult
to fathom that when you think that
Russia's GDP is somewhere in the
neighborhood of 1.2 trillion dollars and
China's is up near 13 trillion if you
believe their numbers which none of
which are probably credible that is one
of the biggest threats rather in terms
of the amount of my quantum of money
that the United States owes so as you as
you posited is this just a bluff I would
say it could be a bluff but we don't
really know will it work probably not
will it help with the 1.2 trillion
dollars we have outstanding or China has
an in our debt in the United States debt
not really sure but one thing is for
sure and I've said this many times
before you have first of all it started
with a currency war I said a currency
war will lead to a trade war which could
potential
with a hot war okay Stevie you are
disagreeing now as I was speaking I
remember exactly what I was saying but I
like when people disagree jump in go
ahead in Brussels well you were saying
is there we all about basic economics
and that says tariffs are a bad thing
basic economics is wrong and it's been
wrong both theoretically and empirically
for a long long time just to give you a
look the most obvious example of that is
the the Bank of England and the
Bundesbank have both come out and said
that the way the textbooks teach about
money creation is frankly wrong and if
you get the Bank of England saying that
the go economist don't understand money
it's a pretty bad start to the
credibility of economics so what we've
been taught for a long long time is that
specialization is better the more
specialized we are the better off we are
and empirically that's been a failure
there's very good research by a guy
called Danny Roddick who you should have
on the show one day who has shown that
countries which have actually
industrialized faster are the ones that
followed protection exactly who's
America she mentioned the early
protectionist breakup yeah capture yeah
yeah so the the theoretical argument is
simply wrong it's a very interesting
fallacy I send up in a cartoon book I
call econ comics by the way and a con
job that made people think about
specialization in terms of labor and
ignoring the fact that you can't shift
machinery from one industry to another
now what Trump Trump I don't think
everyone understand the pictures in the
cartoon book let alone the logic behind
it but what he is identifying is the gut
feeling of many many people
zammis of america they've been screwed
by trade wars exam they are right did
they live what we now call the truck the
Rust Belt we call it the Rust Belt
because factories which used to produce
stuff there have turned to rust because
you simply can't move industry from
steel manufacturing to making silicon
chips you simply that the machinery rust
you think I'm going to get the jobs back
over there now you're not necessarily
doing it an intelligent fashion but he
has got hold of something that is real
and a gut feeling it affects a lot of
Americans ok you'll vote for him again
because of exactly let me go to an here
that's exactly what I was thinking too
and we'll just I'm going to agree with
what you said earlier it would at the
end of day will probably hurt the
American economy and maybe he hurt the
American worker but that's not the
perception I mean and this is
campaign promise and he made a lot of
promises that I really worried that he
wouldn't keep but he's doing it all
right and so this is again it's more
about perception of leadership and he's
speaking to his base okay
I don't know if it's gonna bring those
jobs back but if I'm in the Rust Belt
and I hear that there's going to be a
tariff on steel even though what the US
gets only 3% from China but it's still
the perception and I think that's what
he's getting angling on go ahead and
well so let me just respond to what the
other person said yes it's been known
that countries need to protect their
infant industries in order to grow them
to be competitive enough in the global
economy and then you let them set them
free and compete as hard as they can
once they're strong enough the u.s.
already did that and the u.s. is an
industrialized nation us doesn't need to
you know protect infant industries
because it's no longer infants it's
basically you know old age at this point
probably because there are steel
companies all over the world and if they
can't compete with other steel companies
in other parts of the world then they're
doing something wrong and maybe that's
because of you know labor rates being
too high here or regulations or who
knows what or or bad trade deals like
NAFTA okay now I mean that's why this is
happening hey Peter Peter
go ahead Mitch Peter the Tres let's go
to the the trade deals there are a lot
of bad trade deals out there there's TPP
out there that that should be shot down
and this was all part of a globalized
there globalization effort so that we
have some bad trade deals that need to
be scrubbed from the books but we've got
to also look at as I said there are a
lot of moving parts the crux of the
issue is and I agree with Steve keen
where he said that central you know that
part of economic theory has gone amiss
and it certainly has if you look at the
Federal Reserve's economic modelling its
total
wrong a lot of these are have been
totally wrong central bank money
printing has hit a fever pitch yet where
they've got ten trillion dollars on
their books right and they've only
produced maybe two trillion ten trillion
out of the ten trillion two trillion in
quantifiable so that's what a ratio of
five to one or something so we're not
getting any organic growth from what
they're doing and what they've done is
they've destroyed capitalism by printing
my quantity of money it is that I think
we need to get back if we're going to
have because happen ISM we've got that
week
yeah that's it's what you're saying is
we can't like what you're saying is this
the financialization of the economy
where it doesn't make anything and you
don't need anybody if you don't make
anything you don't need it workers okay
this is what's happened here Steve
before we go to the break you want to
jump in there go ahead go to Steve go
ahead in Brussels yeah what church Trump
keeps on talking about making bad trade
deals never the worst trade deal America
ever made was it was insisting that the
American dollar becomes a reserve
currency for the planet because what
that meant was the other countries
wanted to trade with each other they had
to buy an eric and dollars above and
beyond the demand they had for American
goods
now that means of course the American
dollar is higher than it would be if we
had what Keynes proposed which was the
bank or in international currency owned
by no country administered through the
IMF if that was done America's exchange
rate maybe 20% lower and it wouldn't
need to complain about bad competition
in manufacturing so there's a lots and
lots of ways in which this has been done
by America trying to be the exception of
the planet and making a stupid trade
deal that they think make they think so
it made it look good
plus also there's an enormous excess of
still on the global market largely due
to a China's enormous stimulus program
and that is part of the reason why
America is complaining about dumping and
they've got a point okay and let me go
to you let's start talking about China
is this really just about China go ahead
and I think it is largely about China
this tariff this global tariff really is
because they're worried about China
steel going through other countries and
coming into the US so they want to close
off all doors so yes it is targeted
China but then they're going to be a lot
there's going to be a
collateral damage as a result and so you
know the ministration is going about
with very blunt tools it's clearly not
gaining friends okay our allies will get
it talking about that the braid this us
say I'm going to a short break and after
that short break we'll continue our
discussion on trade war stay with RT
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things would consider time Peter LaBelle
to remind you were discussing trade wars
okay right before we went to the break
and gave the operative word retaliation
okay Mitch you know there's a couple of
things there what what what we already
know that the Europeans and the
Canadians are talking together the
Chinese have made it very clear they're
not going to take this sitting down and
I think we have to remember folks is
that there's been a lot of pressure at
least rhetorically from the Trump
administration on China to quote-unquote
take care of North Korea which is
illusory and they don't have as much
influence as they think but now
the Koreans are gonna be in the target
of tariffs here and that this is a time
when the north and south are talking
about possibly some kind of reproach
mounts which watch it isn't very happy
about this is adding insult to injury if
the South Koreans are gonna be
sanctioned in this way by the United
States through tariffs go ahead Mitch
yeah I think that US dollar hegemony is
a big part of this puzzle and Steve
mentioned briefly you know the the
problem with the US dollar being the
world's reserve currency for the past
hundred years I mean I think eventually
there's going to be and it's going to
happen soon we're gonna have a currency
that you can exchange for either gold
silver oil or something and it's going
to actually be backed by something other
than a promise to repay something that
can never be repaid and as you're saying
a lot of the countries will start to
realize that it's going to be impossible
for the u.s. to ever pay back its debt
yeah and this money that's been printed
that has ended up financing and enabling
a grotesque asset bubble in stocks bonds
and property and corporate stock
buybacks and leveraged buyouts leverage
too much debt credit and leverage will
end very badly with the US dollar taking
it on the chin and the other countries
realizing we're gonna have to come up
with a different solution for a global
currency
you know Steve again I brought up the
issue of bluffing but the United States
share of glow the global economy and
trade is it year after year gets smaller
and smaller I mean it does the United
States miss it doesn't misunderstand how
essential it is to the global economy I
mean we have other vectors of growth we
actually in it's all Saharan Africa
there's a lot of growth now of course
there's the whole chai
the issue here I mean can the United
States dictate trading patterns and and
laws and realities the way it think it
can't it can because I don't think it
can as much and it's it's dwindling with
every single year go ahead Steve well a
lots part of the what lots of other why
America's lost its share of reliable
trade is a deliberate move like
Americans transnationals to take
advantage of low wages particularly in
China I was actually I went to the
construction of the very first free
trade zone in China 91 82 the Shenzhen
free trade zone and the explanation that
the managers gave there which is quite
brilliant was that they were going to
take advantage of a loophole in American
tariff laws that let American
corporations re import goods they've
exported to third-world countries for
further manufacturing and not pay any
tariffs on that work and that would get
them the technology and at the same time
they saw what had happened with other
free trade zones and the rest of the
Asia where they as soon as the wages
rose the companies would move on they
also insisted that each company had to
have a Chinese partner and within five
years the Chinese partner had to own 50
percent of the business now that the the
cut in cost that they the American
capitalists face was so great they were
willing to do that and of course what
they did is they increased their share
of the income of the America they
reduced the share of the workers
benefited China dramatically and now
that in the long term it's the the fact
that you have something vaguely
resembling a democracy in America the
meant the workers had got screwed by the
process in two ways are now starting to
fight back and Trump unfortunately as
their champion you know and you know it
I get the impression because I mean even
before he was president before the
campaign Trump was always big on trade I
mean with it you know awful trade deals
and all that does he look at this as a
silver bullet because the US economy
there's so many things that a lit it and
it's a very complicated thing it's just
not about trade so again I go back to
the political issues that he's
presenting that he's quote-unquote doing
something but is it good it'd be enough
go ahead and oh I certainly don't think
it's enough there is a lot that ails the
US economy
you've got a situation where there's
just too much red tape many
entrepreneurs actually can't get their
products off the ground because they're
stuck in areas where they are waiting
and waiting for green lights and frankly
they'd rather go test out their products
in China yeah
which has far fewer red tape you have
basically an educational system that's
been failing most of American children
so it you know a lot of people are just
not prepared to be workers in this new
21st century knowledge economy so to
speak there's there's so many issues
that he would need to tackle but he
doesn't have the time to his term is
only four years and so he's just gonna
go for whatever low-hanging fruit he can
just to at least pleases base so that he
will have another shot for another term
later I think that's a so I think that I
agree that's a really good
conceptualization there and it's
low-hanging fruit here you know Mitch
for me the you know III was a trained
historian for me what I think is really
quite interesting is that if you look at
after the Second World War the United
States made an amazing sweetheart deals
with trade with its allies in Europe we
have a with South Korea we had Japan
Taiwan you know and that was a
geopolitical expedient okay they wanted
to keep the Western bloc the goodies to
keep them in there okay so you know they
importing stuff into the United States
IRA I can remember you know in the 1960s
everybody laughed at Japanese products
you know they're little plastic things
it was a joke okay by the 1980s it was a
different tune and we could repeat that
also with the Chinese all right I mean
because the United States did that for
geopolitical reasons it actually
undermined its economy in the long run
because I don't personally and I'm
agreeing with and I don't see really a
way out of this okay because the people
that have the money and the capital they
have financialized the economy they make
a lot of money off of it but does it
make anything for anybody else go ahead
Mitch yeah so so what you're talking
about is
I described in my book Planet Ponzi your
financialization has ruined what we have
today you disgust after World War two we
had actual organic growth yeah so we had
organic growth we had organic growth
which drove the economies forward and we
had GDP in excess of where it is today
global GDP is anemic at best and the
only growth that we're seeing is a
derivation of central bank money
printing yeah so it's not in reality a
growth driven by product creation it's
growth driven by stock buybacks
leveraged buybacks and wall street
creating you know crony capitalism and
that's gonna definitely end badly
because interest rates have gone from
15% in nineteen fifteen eighty three in
nineteen eighty one down to close to
zero so the cost of Finance Ponzi
finance today is relatively too low so
it keeps the zombie companies in
business no organic growth is created
real wages are the same level or lower
for the average worker as they were in
the 1980s yet tuition costs are up two
thousand percent health care costs have
spiraled out of control with Obamacare
so you've got a real problem and that's
and the fake news media will do anything
to destroy Trump along with the deep
state and you know and the the agents
that want to control and have neoliberal
neoliberalism as the rule you know and
and academia in America has turned into
indoctrination oh it's a disaster
fortunately it's a disaster and
landscape has changed not in a positive
way and not in a positive you know Steve
what are the things that saved a lot of
upfront supporters and and outlets it
support him in the media that they like
to really pound away the stock market
the stock market well correct me if I'm
wrong but I mean ever since the late 80s
the stock market doesn't have and it
doesn't reflect the the livelihood and
prosperity of the average person in the
United States it certainly tells you
about the super-rich okay but it doesn't
translate into the real economy Steve
well not by a long shot and in fact the
stock market the S&P bottomed at 666
before the quantitative easing program
began of the fair
and that was supposed to seem you like
the man through what they called the
wealth effects when their own research
showed there was no wealth effect out of
shares in terms of its impact upon
aggregate demand the only wealth or
think they could find was out of rising
housing and even that was tenuous of
course that could collapse to as it did
back in 2008 so we have what we have is
a people a bunch of people governing who
are on the subject the Titanic and they
think I've got a sailboat at their
command rather than rather than a super
liner and this is our real problem we
have a lack of understanding of our
capitalism actually functions in the
minds of those who are trying to manage
capitalism you know and you know I want
to you to apply your China China
expertise here how how will the Chinese
react they have a lot of assets and
resources at hand okay and they have an
economy that is expanding really
expanding how would the Chinese going to
react to this from from Trump go ahead
oh I think they'll just take it on the
chin they probably already anticipate
this and they I'm sure have drawn up a
list of things that they could retaliate
and I think among them would be areas
where they feel that could hurt the US
where the u.s. is vulnerable so where is
US vulnerable because the u.s. actually
has you know a lot of agricultural
products going to China China is now
growing more soybean and corn so if they
basically say we're gonna stop importing
your soybean and corn us then a lot of
the farmers are going to get upset and
this is also a big lobby in the US they
could also basically decide that they're
not going to go forward with all the
Boeing airplanes and turn to Airbus
instead and and so this would also hurt
you know US manufacturing in a way oil
and gas another big US export and China
was importing a huge number from the US
last year but you know China basically
is buying a huge chunk of Aramco from
side
Arabia they clearly are trying to secure
other oil and gas from other countries
like Russia and so they're basically
diversifying all their imports and this
way if they decide that they don't want
to import from the US it would not be
too painful for them and so China is not
going to just sit back and you know
pretend that you know everything's okay
and let the and let themselves be a
punching bag know they're going to
retaliate some way but they're not
probably going to make it too obvious
they will probably basically create new
laws we've run out of time we've run out
of time I'm and adds absolutely right
the second shoe will drop many thanks to
my guests in New York and in Brussels
and thanks to our viewers for watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember Rostock rules
