well president Trump has agreed to meet
the leader of North Korea Kim jong-un
White House press secretary Sarah
Saunders has just confirmed the plans
tweeting that it will happen at a time
and place to be determined well the
surprise announcement was made earlier
by South Korea's national security
advisors speaking after talks in the
White House North Korean leader Kim
jong-un said he is committed to
denuclearization then he expressed his
eagerness to meet President Trump as
soon as possible
president Trump appreciated the briefing
and said he would meet Kim jong-un by
May to achieve prominent in
nuclearization
for more on this we can now cross live
to our T's Caleb Maupin in New York well
hi there Caleb I mean just recently
there was talk of all-out nuclear war
and now this dramatic turnaround I mean
could you bring us the latest yes now we
heard it from the South Korean
delegation to the White House that was
the national security director of South
Korea who made the initial announcement
and now we have confirmation from the
White House press secretary it appears
that at a aid unannounced and to be
determined time and place apparently it
is going to take place before May that's
what we're hearing before May there will
be a meeting between the leader of the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
located in the northern part of the
peninsula and US president Donald Trump
now this is quite unprecedented there
has not been a meeting between a u.s.
head of state and the leader of the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea it
simply hasn't happened and especially in
light of recent events as we've seen you
know some some rather heated words
exchanged between the two leaders this
is what we've seen between Trump and the
man he will soon be meeting this is what
we heard
the era of strategic patience with the
North Korean regime has failed
that's not make any
United States they will be met with fire
and fury the u.s. neglects the
international community's will to
establish peace on the Korean Peninsula
and we can't have madmen out there
shooting rockets all over the place you
will have no choice but to totally
destroy North Korea rocket man is on a
suicide mission for himself no one other
than Trump himself is on a suicide
mission
is a sick puppy
now we also understand that at this time
North Korea will not be engaging in any
more ballistic missile tests or tests of
its nuclear weapons and at this point I
it's quite an interesting development
now in the past we've heard from the
United States that the only condition in
which they would talk to North Korea is
if North Korea were to completely give
up its nuclear arsenal
now we haven't heard any such as any
such offer from North Korea but it
appears that not only will talks resume
but that the head of state of the United
States will actually meet with the head
of the Democratic People's Republic of
Korea and the Korean workers party Kim
Jong on the third generation leader of
that country so a lot of surprise and
not what people were expecting one of
the often observed things about Donald
Trump is his unpredictability and this
is a move that many are saying was
definitely not predicted it could be
history in the making Kaleb Morphin in
New York thank you very much thank you
