90 States President Donald Trump has
signed an order that imposes tariffs on
steel and aluminium being imported to
the US but in a concession to America's
neighbors the tax will not apply to
Canada or Mexico today I'm defending
America's national security by placing
tariffs on foreign imports of steel and
aluminum the American steel aluminum
industry has been ravaged by aggressive
foreign trade practices it's really an
assault on our country across parties
Sameera counties in Washington DC Samara
quite a dramatic step then from Trump
despite those warnings this could spark
a trade war yes well a despite domestic
and international backlash Trump has
signed a proclamation imposing a 25%
tariff on steel imports and a 10% tariff
on aluminum imports encouraging
companies to buy American now the
president argues that protecting these
industries will guarantee economic and
national security
however Trump has offered relief to some
US allies the tariffs will not apply to
imports from Canada and Mexico at least
temporarily until NAFTA has renegotiated
now even though Trump has received some
domestic applause from unions in
particular that wasn't the case
internationally when he first announced
these new tariffs on Twitter the world
was furious officials all over the globe
even threatened retaliation let's take a
quick look
your tisha Pancho's your wine urgent is
choosing a trade war is surely the wrong
prescription China will certainly make
an appropriate and necessary response we
will defend our interests if needs come
I'm convinced that increased terrorists
will hurt us all in the long run trade
walls are pet and easy to lose
well Trump has stated in the past that
he sees nothing wrong with trade wars
and now other allies are threatening
tariffs on US imports of peanuts juice
alcohol etc but Trump's move has been
met with domestic domestic backlash as
well from both Democrats and Republicans
who believe that protectionism harms
national security now more than a
hundred House Republican members signed
a letter on Wednesday expressing a deep
concern about the plan suggesting to
change the course of action to quote
avoid unintended negative consequences
to the US economy and its workers but
considering that Canada and Mexico have
been exempt one can't help but wonder if
these tariffs are intended to hit China
Trump has listed China as a threat to
national security and he's repeatedly
expressed the need to counter China so
we can't be too sure but it'll
definitely be interesting to see how
China the EU and other US allies react
to this hey thanks America brings the
latest air from Washington now while
unveiling his new terrace president
Trump invited metal industry workers to
get involved in a group photograph in
the Oval Office but he appeared to
forgotten an important detail would you
like to take a picture in the Oval
Office I assume you've all been many
times into the Oval Office come on let's
go and do that let's don't do this yes
I'm gonna do we'll go into the Oval
Office we're going to sign this up we'll
go into the Oval Office with a picture
okay okay thank you yeah Treasury
secretary Stevenage in heard they're
just reminding the president he hadn't
actually yet signed the order the plan
has received broad support from steel
and aluminium firms in the United States
okay let's get some analysis on this
story now from Jeffrey Tucker he's the
editorial director at the American
Institute for Economic Research
great to have you on Jeffrey Donald
Trump says the decision to impose these
tariffs is to protect the US industries
from aggressive trade practices it's
something he's kind of had in the
pipeline for a long time it seems you do
believe that that is the real motive
I don't chop is a convinced mercantilist
behind a quarter-century in time maybe
even 500 years and in time a revanchist
and a reactionary on trade policy and
and let me just be extremely clear about
this American economists do not support
this American newspapers do not support
this intellectuals do not support this
the American people do not support this
American manufacturers small business
medium-sized business even big business
banks there's very little support for
this so how does it happen
Donald Trump has total authority in this
one realm trade policy he can make his
own dredge his own decisions which is
truly tragic I would say even
unconstitutional and it just so happens
we have a perfect storm here
the protectionism is at the very core of
who he is as a person his politics are
all bound up with with with the longing
for trade war and it's and it's tragic
that he has this power to do this it's
going to hurt Americans more than
anybody else but it's also going to hurt
the rest of the world I would warn that
it's going to create a trade war but he
has tweeted out that he wants a trade
war
so I'm deeply sorry for this it's it's
it's truly embarrassing for every
intelligent American to see this kind of
thing happening in our country what kind
of reaction would you anticipate from
American allies those is traditionally
traded with well I think we've seen it
already right it's it's retaliation a
sense of we can be stupid too it puts
everybody in a very difficult position
because now they have to stand up to
this absurdity you know I look over the
last 50 years there aren't that many
good things that happen but one thing
that's happened
that trade has gotten freer and more
peaceful and we have something like a
consensus at least we did in the in the
world community in favor of of free
trade and lower tariff barriers and this
guy is using his power to blow it all up
I I hope it's temporary by the way you
know we we none of us wanted this to
happen I mean just so that it's clear I
mean we lived with this guy for a year
none of us knew what Donald Trump was
going to do as president and he did a
lot of very good things tax cuts
deregulation everything was going well
and when his support rose as a result of
those good policies now he unveils his
true desire which is which is to divide
the world and and and bring about you
know essentially you know you know a
reactionary kind of policy and and it's
tragic my own hope is that the damage
won't be too severe but but already it's
going to be very severe it's a tax it's
it's and against diplomacy it's contrary
to world community it's it's a real
setback for the world economy and and
and truly tragic what's going to mean
for consumers the extra expense is gonna
be passed on to them yes of course I
mean he gave it we got a tax cut passed
by the Republican Congress and in and in
November of 2017 this reverses all the
gains that came from that tax from that
tax cut and brings us something else
entirely
basically it's excise taxes it's going
to hurt every business in America we're
not talking about two products steel and
aluminum we're talking about millions of
products and the unfolding of
retaliation could affect everything we
everything we do you we only have to
look back as a smoot-hawley Tariff that
started the Great Depression and and see
that the dangers or the 2002
import tariffs on steel which we're a
disaster and everybody recognizes that
this whole battle about America and
steel is as I said as I say it's 20
years old is 25 years old we resolved
you know America's already retooled we
have new products new industries new
service industries that have replaced a
large part of what was out sourced and
and then in the 1980s and 1990s we're
already done with this battle it's
almost like you know Donald Trump is
like Rumpelstiltskin like he woke up
after a quarter of century and said hey
what's happening to our steel industries
there's no good that can come out of
this and and we've seen what happened I
mean his best advisors are resigning
people are fleeing the White House
Republicans are in revolt you know every
newspaper in America is against it every
intelligent intellectuals against what's
happening there's a consensus in America
on the left and the right and really
across the world free trade is better
than trade war there seems to be one
outlier Donald Trump and a handful of
special interests and this is the result
and I consider it truly tragic and then
saying that I'm speaking for for
millions and millions of Americans
Jeffrey appreciate your time and your
thoughts Jeffrey took is my guest
editorial director at the American
Institute for Economic Research my
pleasure
