Californians seem to be getting
increasingly irate about automation in
San Francisco for example there have
been a number of attacks on self-driving
cars with passes by banging on their
windows and their bonnets and in the
same city
a robotic guard was taken out of service
after a public outcry that the security
bot was tasked with a shooing away
homeless people from outside business
offices it was vandalized numerous times
during its patrols and now a new robotic
kitchen assistant in a Pasadena burger
joint is also angering some
flippy the robot as it's known has
prompted the twitter hashtag rise of the
robots with some complaining that jobs
are being stolen from real people others
though see automation as inevitable and
one expert told us is no surprise that
some people are angry robotics is
developing very fast and it's going to
have big impacts and it's already having
big impacts and so it's not surprising
that you're already seeing these kinds
of reactions from people when you start
to talk about half of jobs being
threatened by the introduction of AI
into the economy 50% unemployment okay
that is a crisis that is a social
political economic crisis and one of the
possible outcomes of it one of the
likely possible outcomes is is massive
violence and you know a lot of this kind
of vandalism and sabotage I think you'll
be seeing but you'll be see even larger
scale or disruptions yes there aren't
appropriate adjustments in in our
political and economic arrangements we
need to start redistributing things more
fairly we need to start to pay people to
take care of people and to clean up the
communities and to do so many things and
we in the end to make sure the people
benefit from technology instead of being
dispossessed by technology
