the US Secretary of State is on an
official tour of African nations first
stop Ethiopia now ahead of the trip Rex
Tillerson claimed that the continents
being exploited by China an issue that's
expected to dominate the upcoming talks
Artie is eager to turn off takes a look
at whether Africa is a new theater for
us-china rivalry the United States wants
Africa back in its pocket which is all
things considered a bit of a tall order
just a few months ago African nations
learnt that according to trump they well
to paraphrase the president kind of
stink
now the State Department is on a
bridge-building mission we partner with
African countries by incentivizing good
governance to meet long-term security
and development goals this stands in
stark contrast to China's approach which
encourages dependency using opaque
contracts predatory loan practices and
corrupt deals China you see is something
of a major headache for Washington
Beijing has been quoting African nations
for years the Asian powerhouse is
involved in crucial infrastructure
projects there it's invested billions of
dollars in a railroad linking the
continent from east to west effectively
opening the door for Pan African trade
Kenya is one country in particular that
has benefited from China's cash
injections it got its own railway the
largest infrastructure development since
its independence more than half a
century ago but even this pales in
comparison to a Chinese construction
firms ambitions in South Africa to build
an 84 billion dollar city
hundreds of millions of dollars worth of
aid education investments a Chinese TV
channel for the African audience Beijing
is going all-in here it's soft power
strategy has already made China second
most popular destination for African
students and its military is in Africa
too last year China opened its first
overseas base with a facility in
Djibouti the same year it held joint
drills with Tanzania Chinese soldiers
have already been here for a few years
its peacekeepers have been involved in
missions across Central Africa so is it
really that much of a surprise that some
African nations prefer the Chinese way
over America's sweet-talked the Chinese
has been front and center in providing
us with the roads we have in this
country China has developed optimum
capacity in this regard so we are
working very hard together and we
believe that working together would
bring about mutually beneficial
relationship China's become successful
in Africa because China tends to favor
and tends to stress civilian projects
some years ago the first President Bush
said the United States had more will
than wallet which means it's not offer
is not able to offer the kinds of aid
that China is so generously providing
there is a real fear in Washington that
China is in the passing lane and that
sooner rather than later the Chinese
economy if it is not already will be
larger than the United States economy
which will have monumental impact on the
balance of forces globally right now
China has outrun the United States in
Africa on every front and it will take
more than just words for Washington to
elbow it's way past Beijing he goes down
of RT
