a Palestinian district in Jerusalem's
Old City is literally crumbling away a
new tourist drive is up the foundation
of the problem Israel is digging tunnels
under the streets to create new
attractions but it is leaving homes
destroyed
in the South one after the excavation
work started the ground began to sink
our house is leaning about 20
centimeters to one side and the walls
have started to crack the floor has also
cracked a fella look at the house should
we wait until it collapses on to
children on my son and his wife look at
the destruction look at how crooked the
house is look at the walls they're all
broken the roof once fell in on my
grandson
we hear them working at night and the
floor starts to shake
of course I'm against it this is our
home what else are we supposed to go no
one can stop them this is what they want
they want the Arabs to leave this home
so that they can take them
for many years we've been complaining
but no one helps us one day we felt the
house moving so we called the police
they made us all leave when it rains now
water lands on the furniture we have
lost everything there is nothing left
for us here
