reality TV dating and supporting
campaigns against sexual harassment just
don't go together
that's according to the headmistress of
a leading London girls school she says
that if pupils want to be taken
seriously they should choose between the
two citing in particular her frustration
at a TV show called love island which is
one over huge audiences in Britain what
I mean by that is can we couple up to
use a lot of Ireland term me too in love
Ireland we might have to decide which
camp we are in I think we might have to
ask our girls actually which camp we're
in love Island is an award-winning
British reality show centered on
creating relationship cinema York and
Villa at the opening night of a new
season this month attracted almost three
million viewers it's a mix of a scantily
clad well toned contestants and their
sexual exploits it's left some feeling
that the message of the show is that you
have to be beautiful to deserve being
loved well we've got reaction earlier
from equality law specialist Linda
bellows and Lucy Beresford a broadcaster
and psychotherapist who hosts a sex and
relationships advice programme I think
we have a greater problem to deal with
which is our young men our young boys
and they need to learn things I'm not
sure that they are and in that sense I
think the teacher wasn't entirely right
but the more you tell young people not
to do something the more interested in
they are in doing it but I do think they
were ought to be more emphasis on what
is appropriate behavior for young men
it's giving the opportunity and we saw
it this year in particular in the series
is that a lot of the women in the show
were shown to be very strong very
opinionated but when they were treated
badly or if they themselves treated
other people badly they were able to
call that person out on it so for me it
fitted perfectly with the me to template
which is saying women you no longer have
to put up with rubbish treatments in
general I add agree with you but I don't
I don't hear the conversations or social
conversations political cultural
conversations about men's behavior men's
culture some of these young men are
and reflecting what is in appalling you
know literature and I wish images of
women and I think it's called
pornography there I'm hearing about
young men and I'm talking about very
young watching looking at pornography
and having views about women based upon
it unrealistic views the culture needs
to change surely in which of course
there needs to be a huge house a
surrounding women and boys but can't
have sexual relationships with each
other over a certain age at a reasonable
age but the mistake well actually both
all sorts of genders and sexual
orientations came out and talked about
it because you know it has quite a
following across the piece also domestic
violence charity came out refuge came
out talking about how a concerned it was
at the behavior of one of the men in the
program and I think what's difficult
about having a headmistress who says we
can't
this is incompatible with trying to
instill healthy values in our young men
and women young girls and boys is that
that message is not being received so
you kind of need to co-opt the material
and the platforms that young people are
using and I don't want to push young
people into only what I approve but
there are there are too much emphasis on
girls and not enough on men's behavior
and boys behavior that's that's the
essence of what I'm saying I think the
headteacher was wrong in in the sense
that she could use the the contents of
the the of the program to to educate and
to discuss issues rather than banning it
you
