we have reached the 100 day countdown
mark before football show pace
tournaments FIFA World Cup 2018 kicks
off here in Russia a total of 64 matches
will take place at 12
either revamped or brand new stadiums
across 11 cities
all right let's cross live now to Daniel
Hawkins who's in her special studio in
central Moscow so there we go Daniel
we're almost done - just double figures
in terms of days until the world cup
gets up and running in the Russian
capital our preparations on track
good morning Yunnan from a chilly
central Moscow here today of course when
the World Cup does happen it will be in
the blistering heat of the Russian
summer it seems ages ago of course
Russia won that bid to host the FIFA
World Cup but as we move closer the time
has really flown by a hundred days to go
marks the first marker as you say twelve
cities preparing to host thousands of
fans from all across the world from
Kazan in the East to Kaliningrad in the
West then FIFA of course have been
keeping a close eye on developments so
far so good from them it's been a
thumbs-up from the FIFA officials it's
very important for FIFA and for the
local organizing committee to make clear
to everyone and everything around the
world that the World Cup is going to be
an inclusive event and open event and
welcoming event for everyone
irrespective of their background origin
nationality gender sexual orientation or
score skin color it is an event which is
for everyone and this is the commitment
that we have made and the local
authorities and a local organizing
committee are behind this as well
together with us people has complete
trust in the security preparations and
the security concept developed by the
Russian authorities and the local
organizing committee and we had also a
great opportunity to test all these
security arrangements and the concepts
during the Confederations Cup last year
and everything went very well from our
point of view it's football's biggest
global festival annually the biggest
such sporting event to take place in
Russia for many many years so
understandably a lot has been done for
fan comfort the country is expecting
tens of thousands of fans from all
across the world and it's taken as we
heard there some previously
unprecedented measures to ensure fan
comfort namely the introduction of the
fan
I D that'll enable people to come to
Russia visa-free and even get free
travel between the host cities as they
go from match to match also of course
enhance security will be one of the
benefits of having this special fan ID
and it can easily be picked up at
multiple points across the country to
enable fans to get around quickly and
easily now the organizers of course have
aimed to please the fans they're the
main guests of this tournament but of
course the main stars the main lineups
are the teams themselves and it's fair
to say they've also had their share of
let's say rather more unusual requests
welcome where our chef will come once in
a while to prepare the Nigerian meals
that will enjoy them so that the boys
can recover feel at home once in a while
and be able to give your best during the
competition clearly full steam ahead
with preparations as that countdown
begins and of course what better place
to watch the latest updates than here on
RT with a star-studded lineup as well of
pundits analysts to bring you the latest
updates on that upcoming FIFA World Cup
back to you unit
I'm liking Argentina's electric golf
carts done will we be seeing Messi
skirting around Moscow and one of those
in the coming months from a nippy Moscow
Arty's Daniel hawkins thank you very
much well we will of course have special
coverage of the tournament with some of
football's biggest stars to guide you
through it all here in our tea on board
let's run through some of the Manchester
United's former goal keeping great Peter
Schmeichel
ex English Premier League striker stun
Collymore on one of the most decorated
coaches of the modern game josie marino
for a World Cup 2018 coverage we've
signed one of the greatest goalkeepers
of all time but there was one more
question and by the way who's going to
be our coach guys I know you are nervous
is a huge tournament and a huge amount
of pressure cameraman you have to
dominate the center of the pitch but are
we with you and we will show them all
the great game the greatest game you are
the rock at the back nobody gets passed
to you we need you to get down doing
let's go
hello i'm jose mourinho and I'm really
happy to join that team for the 2018
World Cup in Russia meet the special one
come on dr. Fischer meet Joseph Marino
VRT team's latest addition make the epic
vigour that any better Jersey good
indeed the Great Dane Peter Schmeichel
has been travelling across Russia to
take in the final preparations - I think
I wish football stadiums were like this
when I play simply and you you get an
idea about how the atmosphere will be
and that they're all in or around the
same kind of theme but they're all very
different as well very intimate one one
looks like a UFO then another one I said
the the stadium is thought she looked
like a cake
I haven't been to all the 11 cities yet
we will finish all that within the next
three weeks but what I've experienced so
far is the cities are very nice I'm
absolutely sure that FIFA and the
authorities they've got everything under
control
and so far my experience is that
everything has run smoothly and
everything is really well organized so
my advice is to relax a little bit about
the things of that we see every day in
the Western media and then enjoy well we
will have coverage throughout the day
today from some of the World Cups host
cities as they mark 100 days until
Russia takes on Saudi Arabia in the
opening match
