US military has halted its ground
operations against Islamic state in
eastern Syria and a statement of the
Pentagon said the move was due to the
Kurdish forces in the area shifting
their focus from fighting terrorists to
countering a Turkish offensive now cross
live to RTS Americana in Washington DC
for more now Samira could you tell us
more about this latest development
well according to US officials US backed
a ground operations against Islamic
state remnants in eastern Syria have
been put on hold
now that's because Kurds who had
spearheaded combat against extremists
have shifted to a separate fight with
Turkish forces in a free check out what
the Pentagon had to say some fighters
operating within the SDF have decided to
leave operations in the middle you
Freitas River Valley to fight elsewhere
possibly in Afrin they're not fighting
Isis anymore and that basically meant
that they're not taking territory back
from Isis as quickly as they had been in
the past Kurds have been Washington's
key allies in the fight against ISIL and
one of the most effective forces
combatting extremists in the region but
the Pentagon has already admitted that
the potential costs of their distraction
from the Isis fight it's severe but the
Kurdish region of a Friedan northern
Syria has become a new geopolitical
pivot point in this conflict now Turkey
launched an offensive in a Freedent in
January to expel Syrian Kurdish forces
which it sees as a terrorist group and
as an extension of a Kurdish insurgency
at home now this is all while the US
says that they are separate from the
Kurdish fighters within the us-backed
Syrian democratic forces well the
violence in the region continues let's
take a quick look
for weeks now defense secretary Jim
Madison other US officials have called
turkeys operation a distraction from the
anti-isis campaign what is going on in a
frame is taken away from the fight
against Isis it is a distraction as
secretary mattis had called it it is
certainly not helpful to have people
take their eye off the ball of Isis
we've talked about that numerous times
before however it seems that for Kurdish
forces the fighting in a frame is more
than just a distraction the Pentagon
said that although ground operations
against Isis in the Euphrates River
Valley have been temporarily suspended
US airstrikes against Isis holdouts are
continuing now we just have to wait and
see how this will affect the battle
against Isis in Syria and whether or not
this will extend US operations in the
country all right Ortiz this American
force there in Washington DC it's gonna
be interesting to see how this whole
thing plays out thanks for being with us
all right Daniel McAdams executive
director at the Awana
Paul Institute thinks that the u.s.
alliance with the Kurds is unlikely to
survive at this point
well it's reminds me of the old saying
it's better to be the enemy than the
ally of the United States because if
you're the enemy they may try to buy you
but if you're the ally they certainly
will sell you and that certainly seems
like what they're doing with the Kurds
perhaps the Kurds are understanding that
they will be sold out they were sold out
at Raqqa as well and they will be sold
out in the eastern part of Syria where
the US is operating and they're coming
to the aid of their allies does the u.s.
hope that the Syrian government gets
further drawn in to the fight with the
Kurds against the Turks then the US can
swing back around and help its Turkish
ally in fighting the Syrian government
and the Kurds as well maybe that's the
move that would mean the big question
mark is what will Russia do in a
situation like that
talk about a disaster
