there are online privacy concerns over a
browser which claims to let people use
the internet completely anonymously
it's called tor and among other uses can
help people navigate the so-called dark
web which is often used for criminal
activity it was developed by the US
government before being sold off but
it's been revealed that government
agencies are still sponsoring it
Igor Jadhav explains for some it's about
drugs guns killers for hire and a
mind-boggling range of other
black-market items and services for
others it's about privacy and principle
to give Big Brother a runaround simply
because it has no business prying into
people's online affairs Internet
anonymity people seek it for all sorts
of reasons good and bad and for more
than a decade the go-to solution has
been this tour you download the browser
and moments later you're part of an
elaborate network designed to bounce
your traffic about making your identity
and location almost impossible to
discover the open secret that tor is
almost entirely funded by the US
government didn't deter privacy junkies
from making use of the technology
washington's interest was purely about
free speech we were told Julian Assange
Edward Snowden and a plethora of other
activists and whistleblowers endorsed
tor anyway tor is a critical technology
the design of the Tor system is
structured in such a way that even if
the US government wanted to subvert it
it couldn't without tor the streets of
the Internet become like the streets of
a very heavily surveilled seedy but
that's something they might have to
change their minds about now 2500 pages
of newly released documents appear to
show how tour success dovetails with
Washington's agenda take this sponsor
for instance the FBI tor developers have
been meeting with its agents briefing
them on how to use the technology even
organizing conferences for the Bureau
the FBI is apparently always the first
to know about vulnerabilities in tors
code and also gets
saying when the public finds out about
the floors keeping the FBI informed of
and using tor contributes a project and
network sustainability a privilege like
this effectively gives the FBI all the
time in the world to exploit the weak
sport before it's fixed the broadcasting
Board of Governors an official US body
supervising Washington funded media has
also been cozying up to the team at tour
the developers were glad to coordinate
so-called deployments of tour with the
BBG facilitating its spread to the
countries the u.s. considers adversaries
like Iran China and Russia the
journalists behind the latest dump of
the document trove promises the scandal
won't die down anytime soon saying there
are more bombshells waiting to be
uncovered in the papers meanwhile it's
already beginning to look like tor could
be providing about as much anonymity as
a tinfoil hat I think for me it's some
fantastic honeypot I mean if you create
a technology that a lot of people use to
anonymize their activity then
effectively you can you could see what
people are doing
Swink as powerful as tor you know people
have used it in different ways and if
they choose to wish it to use it ways of
leaking information then that's another
method of using the superior technology
