today crypto is unique crypto is
empowering crypto is on the verge of a
global financial revolution crypto is a
direct challenge to the world banking
system allowing you to be the bank and
make the money win or lose in the end
crypto is bound to lead the world into
the future let's give this Bitcoin a try
not bad
welcome to your one and only stop on
everything in the world of blockchain
and crypto this is RT script Oh Liam
this week's digest takes me to the
tokens blockchain economic forum in
Singapore an event that screams progress
innovation and financial freedom we look
at the pioneers that can speed the
planet into a brighter future by making
it more transparent accessible and
productive we speak to some of the most
acclaimed minds in the crypto world
jean-claude Donato the man with the plan
1 billion dollars in deals last year
with experience as a managing director
at giants like eBay and TripAdvisor
Vicente Fox Quesada ex-president of
Mexico who's now all for the world of
crypto and me comot Samara from the
original Java team the founder of ever
coin and a partner at one of the largest
crypto funds in the world
and we can't miss a crypto party now can
we
all of this and much more in today's
episode
stay tuned for crypto Liam in Singapore
the price of Bitcoin drops below six
thousand dollars there's panic on the
streets we go to the tokens blockchain
economic forum in Singapore to get on
the inside of the situation and find out
what's really going on
meet Mako matsumura the founder of ever
coin and tone Vaes the world's most
accurate Bitcoin price predictor big dip
people think it's the end you know the
bubbles bursting that's it we're done
no more Bitcoin what do you think oh
right here don't buy that dip you gotta
buy the dip I won't believe in a Bitcoin
I I just I really think it's really
gonna be the innovation of the future
Bitcoin has always reversed because some
of the smartest computer scientists in
the world are working on it making it
more secure making it more usable making
it cheaper for to transact and we'll get
there but I can't get there tomorrow but
we'll get there when will the price
stabilize well I think there's probably
a strong support level at 6,000
obviously that could be breached and we
could go lower but it feels like there's
definitely like holders down there right
and I think that's really going to
produce that uplift that we need I do
not see Bitcoin going lower than $1300
and I think that is actually the ideal
point for it to fall to before it goes
all the way back up to 20,000 bit more a
little scary there's like sometimes like
a boss will pull over and then it'll
stoop down right the bus'll kind of
lower down so you can get in easier
right so right now the bus is lowering
down right so in a way like if you can
get any easier now like it's a lot
easier to get in now we start out with a
Great Depression and I see 29 everyone
talks about how bad it was no one talks
about how the market doubled every year
like four years you want things to go up
reasonably so I'm kind of happy for this
dip I thought I went to a hundred
thousand the pain would have been much
worse what do you think would have
happened if the market kept going up you
know I mean where was it 19,000
absolutely you weeks ago yeah so to me
like what's funny is if you look at that
growth as an
asymptotes there's a possibility that
the line almost becomes vertical right
and it's damaging it's extremely
damaging because the thing that people
want as builders right in Silicon Valley
we talk about runway so runway is the
amount of time that you have to build
the software that you want to build
before it's over right
so if Bitcoin does a vertical line right
it's just going to there's no time
there's no time it just it's it's it's
up and down in a heartbeat expensive to
buy brick it's it gets crazy it's too
crazy right it makes no sense and it's
just pure speculation and hot air and no
chance to really build value because I
think where the game has to go is we
have to build the roads we have to build
the airports we have to build the real
base infrastructure for crypto that
takes some time human DNA and ideas
utilize solar energy to transform the
earth into a civilization worth six
hundred trillion dollars who defines
degrees for transforming chaos into
effective systems centralized power or
free markets and who enforces the rules
bureaucracy or something else it's a
history long battle of ideas Homo
sapiens drove 40 human species to
extinction when their leaders invented
spirits this led to centralization of
power and growth of tribes size and
productivity competitors living in
Anarchy were defeated centralized states
seemed like the only option until the
birth of democracy in ancient Greece and
Rome after democracy was replaced by
authoritarian regimes empires stagnated
collapsed thanks to decentralized
self-regulating guilds Venice became a
world trade leader once power was
monopolized Venice went from an economic
powerhouse to a museum decentralization
of power in England empowered innovators
and entrepreneurs and led to the
Industrial Revolution
production increased tremendously
bringing wealth and power to Great
Britain throughout the 19th century in
the 20th century the crash of an under
regulated stock market in the u.s.
resulted in the Great Depression crisis
and social unrest
led to centralization of power across
the globe in some countries had led to
extreme violations of human rights and
others it led to the growth of state
intervention and spendings that seemed
to be the only remedy however state
monopolies caused deadly combination of
unemployment high inflation and
corruption Thatcher and Reagan used high
extreme market theories to gain support
and remove the state from the market
eventually centralized planning systems
lost to capitalism and free markets but
the bureaucracy still ruled the planet
until the invention of blockchain
technology Bitcoin has already become a
substitute for failing financial systems
and central banks in countries with
hyperinflation
and is whele or Nigeria will blockchain
replays bureaucracy in every aspect of
our lives from capital markets to
government's or will it fail in its
attempt to change the world
I see owes a new model on business for
the future this is gonna help sustain
the economy or is it a scam of untrusted
unregulated securities let's find out
the ico phenomena is breaking records in
funding we found three projects that
claim to want to make the world a better
place and are raising funds one of them
faced her on the last day of the
conference got ten million dollars in
twenty seconds breaking all pass records
they simply created a facial recognition
surveillance software with artificial
intelligence on the blockchain platform
creating something that is affordable
and easy to use for the masses people
can use this with just about anything
our proof of concept cuz we got a
working centralized solution right now
can do anything like for example in the
gambling institution we had the casinos
say listen here we've got people coming
in they want to ban themselves because
they love gambling issues and then they
come back and they gamble if we didn't
haven't recognized them then they claim
their money back it causes a big problem
so we did a proof of concept with them
and even in them in the low lighting
there we were hitting 98% and I've got
corporations around the world contacting
me every day saying how can we integrate
with you when you're gonna have your
free SDK when you have your API so we
can link into services to open food ads
BYU managed to raise ten million in
twenty seconds or these guys from the
world bit apps saying they are looking
to help emerging economies to engage in
commerce through augmented reality
allowing you to interact with any
product or service created around you
our bidder the world is
in reality blockchain application that
we use in to really help emerging
economies what we want to do is we want
to talk to the artisans the the moms and
pops of the world that are in these
emerging economies that don't get a fair
shot at commerce and give them a tool to
actually go ahead and reach consumers a
farmer in the country reaching a
potential customer in the city is now a
reality then there are crypto venture
companies that are literally looking for
that special project that will
decentralize and make the world's
commerce more transparent well create a
venture is a company dedicated to
promote I coach that do have us
intention to change the life of millions
of people for the better we get involved
very important people within the field
technicians ex-presidents politicians to
really make an understand what this is
all about that is here to stay that is
not going to go anywhere but the leading
crypto market analyst has a completely
different view on I SEOs I try to
convince people to be very careful about
investing in nei cos because it's other
people trying to convince you to give
them your hard-earned money as an
unqualified investor for their idea now
since I'm a Bitcoin er I'm all about
getting around regulation but I'm about
getting around regulation in a
decentralized way that the government
cannot stop I cos they're not that
they're centralized means to get around
regulation which is sooner or later
they're gonna get busted
open-source competes for the users
consent which means you know an
open-source project will get all the
users if the users benefit so if you
create a coin where nobody benefits
it'll get no users and if you create a
coin where everyone benefits it'll get
all the users it's very simple what
happens with the icos is it's a
solicitation like no one is profiting
from selling you Bitcoin because they're
not creating Bitcoin out of thin air but
when it comes to these I cos someone is
just creating it
and then selling it to you and in
reality to selling it to you as an
investment but they can't say that
because then they'd be in violation of
the law you have a coin that includes
getting if you have a coin that
includes four billion people and all
those people are getting wealth and
they're all participating and they're
all being included that coin is going to
the moon right four billion people all
participating in one coin
what an amazing coin that will be but
apparently there are ways to use
blockchain technology and the minds of
the future to actually make things
better and maybe solve many of today's
problems at least that's what mexico's
ex-president Vicente Fox thanks as the
tokens blockchain economic forum was in
full swing I managed the ketchup of
Mexico's ex-president Vicente Fox
Quesada who was very keen on bringing
people together with blockchain
technology my forecast is that if we
keep NAFTA going and maybe if we a
concept like not that we enhance it we
do it better through innovation and
technology that are needed in one
generation more we're going to be one to
one makes you for United the state
working together we will be much
stronger why
you choose to become such an active
participant this meeting opened my eyes
is like discovering the world again the
world of banking the world of people who
reduce poverty the great middle classes
to create a better world we need to move
fast many people is getting desperate I
would say that the world of disorder is
growing faster than the world of order
and this is a potential conflict to the
future I hope they would prevail and
they will prevail as long as it
generates trust as long as he eradicated
bureaucracy in as long life is useful
for people for community especially for
the poor and for great big social nature
according to the UN 4 billion people
live without an address including Mexico
they're not necessarily poor but they do
not have a shipping address because they
are inadequately serviced by their
government in turn they experience
social segregation and are unable to
participate in online commerce the only
blockchain solution present the
conference with a working app for this
part of the world's disorder to my
surprise was a Russian startup called
Navi address they are currently planning
to work with Mexico Asia and other
places around the world who have people
living without an address we development
markets the addressing system that
provides users with a unified digital ID
z for placing abuse on the world and
generously just concentrate just on
providing you know four billion people
in the world with
verified IDs or addresses to their
places and locations there's a huge
issue there because now these people
just have detached from the online and
shared economy so just we believe that
our solution would help a lot change
they just the way the leave they were
the interacts with governments with
online economy and just with other users
you need patience to see process of
development it doesn't happen by the
miracle except that you can accelerate
the pace with technology acceleration
blockchain new ideas that's today's
world so what's in it for governments in
regulating crypto is it to control it to
stabilize it or the profit from it I
think we might know the answer to try
and find in the answer to this rather
difficult question
let's bring John Claude Donato into the
discussion X Regional Director of eBay
in Asia and a man who has done over 1
billion dollars in blockchain deals last
year as well as Malcolm Thanh a
prominent ICO adviser and a blockchain
lawyer it would be very difficult for
government to control it so as today if
a government is trying to remove the
internet access to the population you
know the backlash would be massive
people will go to the street and
demonstrate and the women will have to
back up
you have just happening in many industry
no like if you look at uber and you know
and transmission there was a lot of
backlash from the taxi companies if you
remember demonstration in the street and
saying and government trying to say uber
is illegal but as consumers see the
value and continue using it and putting
pressure on the government they have to
let it go so I do not believe that this
regulation will will
stop the blockchain to become mainstream
capital restriction countries for
example like in India in China even
Venezuela in Zimbabwe Vietnam Indonesia
where if everybody is given the choice
they were instantly trade all their own
country's money poorer for something
else they have no confidence in these
countries the government has has to step
in and control Alice all the money is
going to flee and they have they'll be
zero in the Treasury and then of course
there the countries like Singapore Hong
Kong Switzerland small countries Estonia
Lithuania Georgia they welcomed the
funds because more funds coming in the
stimulates the economy helps the economy
grow and it's good for the country
Mexico right now is quite tight on cat
oh I could tell world in general what
would you do if you were still the
president right now I would get rid of
seventy five percent of the people in
Congress so many people were too low
capacities education and the skills and
number two of our regulation we need to
deregulate be regularly decentralized
come down to people to decide
governments and the intensity heat of
governments and or move to the direction
we have taken which is more and more
regulation which brings authoritarian
governments which brings big tailor's as
discovering in Latin America so
difficult choice we now go back to tone
vase and Miko mat Zamora to get their
insight which is always interesting on
the question of regulation in the world
of crypto what's the future is it going
to be centralized
the government in a way likes this idea
because it helps the government create a
cryptocurrency for themselves which is
going to help them eliminate county
governments hate cops
they hate the idea of cash to hate that
people use cash they think they're all
cheating on their taxes they're using
capital legal activities so they can say
oh we're hip we're new we're using the
latest technology here is our government
cryptocurrency use that now they could
be doing not thinking that hey once we
get everybody off of physical cash we
can then squash and eliminate Bitcoin
but they don't realize is eliminating
bitcoin is like eliminating pile sharing
and BitTorrent can't do it I recently
saw a talk at Stanford University by SEC
chairman Jake Layton and he spoke for
about 10 minutes on icos
and I felt like it was very consistent
with things he had said in the past as
well as the testimony that he gave in
front of Congress and that testimony was
really about the notion that almost all
of the tokens are securities at some
level so it is a bit of a shadow that
he's kind of threatening a little bit of
all I SEOs but at the same time he's
only done for enforcement actions
most recently against a rise Bank and so
the point is is what I see happening
with SEC is he's not throwing grenades
or bombs right he's really like a sniper
like he's sitting on a roof and he's
just taking them out he's only shot for
riot and he's really in the mood where
he's maybe gonna take out a few more you
know and he's just sending signals and
saying and that's no good
that's no good right so to me that kind
of behavior is not that severe it's not
like a ban there's no ban to kill him
correct he's just out there to regulate
correct he's just trying to strengthen
the herd right and all the ones that are
doing wrong things they're getting like
taken out but one at a time right not in
a huge explosion not in a suppression
right and in a way like there's no mood
to kind of retro actively regulate I
SEOs that have already shipped you know
so I feel like the we're in a we're in a
state where I think regulation will be
gradual and I think that will allow the
crypto economy to develop and breathe
the jet-setting lifestyle of the crypto
community never ceases to amaze me we go
to a blockchain party yet again but now
in Singapore even JC do not parties okay
we party all the time
the highest rooftops in Singapore this
is the 62nd floor and it's a block shame
party
the whole city opens up
let's see what the people think and
let's see what's hot right now what are
they investing in
not ripple not messing how are you my
advice first guys you can invest into
put projects in healthcare walk chain
technology but better try to understand
and do invest into something that you
know a little bit better you got to know
what you're investing it we're creating
cryptocurrencies not investing in Zam
all right all right see everybody's got
their own coin around here you know it's
like yeah everybody's got their own
little thing yes I very much like ripple
at the moment really yes yeah it's down
quite a lot yeah I think it's gonna be
six by a quarter - it's gonna be six
dollars yes no way that's my prediction
how come you're so sure I don't know
it's just play knowing all right guys
exclusive
oh the only way to get these people to
actually tell you what's hot is to
caption it when they're a little bit
tipsy tipsy nobody I would say idiom
would be probably the most stable point
among all the others B D G B G yeah why
so much because it's gonna revolutionize
the way education is handled this this
company's motto is get paid to learn
just be easy future I would say not in a
single coin because icing seven out of
ten project will fail either etherium
are you guys we're getting a lot of
etherium tonight like a lot of appearing
take the top 20 companies out of coin
cap invest in all 20 and you will have a
benefit out of it you will have ten at
ten effect or ten or something with
ninety percent of your money in crypto
whatever you buy this harder and harder
for the next four months you make so
much money you won't need any more
huddle for the next four months ll
lumens
stellar lumens xlm xlm yes how come
because I I believe the utility and
visibility to transfer value from one
place to another in a short period of
time at a fraction of a penny
is it the cheapest transfer fee right
now in crypto he's not the cheapest but
it's probably the most established
we could not have resisted that shot
just think about where you want to live
and maybe it might be planet Earth and
anything that's gonna help that would
probably be a great thing yes
all right guys you just heard from a lot
of cool folk here at the 2018 Singapore
blockchain economic forum and all you
got to do that's the best advice we got
right now is hot oil speculation
regulation decentralization all of these
things make up crypto so what will
happen to Bitcoin in the near future
let's find out by speaking to some of
the Giants in the industry steam power
came and realized the way we travel like
train and cars and then electricity and
you know an internet there's always new
technology coming more recently ten
years ago mobile phones are really
changed the way people communicate
access the Internet where I and even
Bank and pay right and so now I think
blockchain is is doing the same thing
it's just taking everything that exists
from payment ecommerce media
communication logistics health care
every sectors and just Reno reinventing
all these sectors before better
technology I think what's important is
blockchain is addressing today and and
future blockchain networks will be
addressing many very key use cases that
can easily be globalized and solve and
address many problems and deliver an
extremely strong solution global
solution that will be scalable in the
many years to come as a few winners
arise from this mass of small companies
and a few of them becomes the Alibaba
debate Amazon of the world then the real
tangible value of this product for the
consumers will catch up with the price
of bitcoins right now my point of view
is that yet is more in a speculative
situation by which people is using
crypto currencies to profit from one day
to another one to make huge profit so a
speculation is part of Yi
the deal of a cryptocurrency so we must
move our speculation we must have a
currency that brings trust and
confidence to people that brings it
peer-to-peer and that permits us to put
aside government but it has to pass time
before it truth that is the right way to
go here's our opportunity right to free
our minds and we can free ourselves and
we can establish our own financial
independence if you're measuring vidcon
value in u.s. dollars what is proven
what we know for a fact is that US
dollars are constantly decreasing in
value since 1913 the US dollar has
dropped in value by 95 percent so what
I'm saying is is if you're measuring
ruler is shrinking then the thing you're
measuring looks like it's getting bigger
right so people are like oh how can
become beginning bigger the dollar is
getting smaller all fiat currencies are
getting smaller and they're getting
smaller because all they do is they just
print more for no reason hope you found
this exciting and stay tuned for more
insight from the world of blockchain
this is our T's crypto Liam I'm Miguel
Francis Santiago
