had a pretty bad original concept it was
carried out of poorly and the cover-up
was one of the worst in the history of
cover-ups it's very simple
bad deal should have never been thought
of somebody really messed up and they
had the worst cover-up ever and where it
should have stopped is at the deal
standpoint when they thought about it
because whoever thought of that idea I
think is in big trouble
and they should be in big trouble I have
people in Turkey and I have people in
Saudi Arabia and other places and
they're all coming back as we speak
they're heading back I'll know I think
everything in a very short period of
time it's a bad situation but certainly
president Erewhon was not complimentary
of what happened that was a terrible
thing that I want to see the facts first
look Saudi Arabia has been a really
great ally they've been one of the
biggest investors may be the biggest
investor in our country they are doing
hundreds of billions of dollars worth of
investments and you know so many jobs so
many jobs thousands and thousands of
jobs and if you look at the other side
Iran you look at what they've done to
people vicious horrible and that's no
excuse for what happened with Saudi
Arabia no excuse whatsoever but you take
a look it's a rough part of the world
itself it's a nasty place it's a nasty
part of the world but if what happened
happened and if the facts check out it's
something that's very bad at the same
time they have been a very good ally of
ours they've been helping us a lot with
respect to Israel they've been funding a
lot of things I will tell you that
Russia and China would love to have that
military order I mean I can say it to my
Democrat friends too I mean they would
love this is 100
a billion dollars worth of military and
Russia would pick that up very quickly
and China would pick it up very quickly
and France would pick it up very quickly
France makes a lot of military equipment
it's very competitive market I get a
great job when I sold them on that's why
went to Saudi Arabia first I went to
Saudi Arabia on the basis that they
would buy hundreds of billions many
billions of dollars worth of things
you
