and staying in Italy allegations of
meddling have recently surfaced but this
time it's not a foreign power that's
supposedly trying to change the mood in
the country rather it's a model and
pornstar she claims she's been blocked
from Instagram over the alleged
influence she could have on the upcoming
general election I was browsing on my
sister gram normally when all of a
sudden the screen disappeared I was very
surprised
I never violated Instagram policy and
guidelines someone decided that I might
influence the public opinion at this
time Paola Selina has a history of
rather unconventional campaigning on
social media she first hit the headlines
in 2016 during a referendum on
constitutional reforms when she launched
a controversial campaign against the
move the activists promised to provide
free sexual services to anyone who would
vote no and she did make good on her
promise launching her so-called bumper
to her we spoke to her my campaign was
not strictly political oriented I
created a pompadour as an act of stating
my opinion about referendum and and
bring a lot of attention to this issue
basically I was against the
constitutional reform they proposed that
were potentially arming citizens rights
i am super proud of my country I love
being Italian and I think that is an
amazing country i I just want that
people vote with their heart and
candidates whoever and whoever will win
I mean can work to create a better world
for all of us for our children and yout
it's unjust there are a lot of talented
guys as to get out
of Italy because things are not good
here because there is no work I think
that in Italy widows are more than we
have right now I want people to be
social and vocal about their opinion
