a very warm welcome to the Stan
Collymore Show it's an Argentine special
one of the most football crazy nations
on the planet we were there for a good
six or seven days chatting to some of
the legends of Argentine football enjoy
the Stan Collymore show has come to
Argentina Buenos Aires in fact the
capital and one of the world's biggest
football clubs River Plate we're gonna
have a chat today to Marcelo by Aldo the
manager of River Plate who played in two
World Cups for Argentina in 1998 and
2002 the 1998 World Cup was your first
World Cup how did it feel to represent
your country Chile in a lesson session
the representative selection a two
nation yo que ser una de la vela muchos
de las emotion AMA for artists and for
the porque no solamente tell each of
patriotic was you know in defender una
una camisa de otra vez de lo que vas a
ser Osama's Sal who a defender to a to
Naciones del juego me parece de la cosa
más ana.k uno por represent our defender
a to nación de del juego ESO para
nosotros para un fou bolita de ser una
de semana motion EMA for the Simba
how does it feel as a foot balista
to walk and take a penalty in a world
cup how does it feel no chakra okay
like conciencia Lane conciencia Taniya
been the Pinta dos anos de Oeste de la
conciencia de hoy cuando el camino de
guitarra seminal album mucho mucho más
preguntas que la game en este momento en
este momento de Poissy or Al Kaline
conciencia me so no Oscar Mayer Marcia
preguntas ear caminar ipatea Samira para
trás I mean this is your moment or much
attention so this football boots a
golden boots it's not real cold we've
already had that chat with Gary Lineker
if you remember belong to a man that is
one of the all-time greatest players to
have ever lived
his name's Alfredo di stéfano he played
for River Plate between 1949 and 52 and
then he went to Real Madrid and became a
living legend to the point that every
single round Madrid player that signed
Beckham Ronaldo Raul anybody they always
have their photo truck with Alfredo di
stéfano
quite incredible piece of football
history would winning the World Cup for
Leo Messi make him the greatest player
ever
mmm Brazil a mansion Tina Paula Toria
last election in Victoria's SEM Britain
some Courvoisier Syria or some bio save
a capo in Saratov Anita's a new mundial
since elementary CJ those elections in
some
Botanic unicolor or trace botanical or
por encima de Argentina
una una is Vasily otra Sulaymaniyah
yatras Espania dentro de las potentia
leap wesson cologne más abajo estamos el
reto ahora como una SoDo tenemos RNC ya
know position amo también tenemos la ley
Lucien de poder a separate a bonito
reallys go a tenemos a massive dose esto
no Cannella no Cannella Lucian address
Argentina no cannulation pero la parada
a Gay Talese elecciones lassies alum
Anya españa oilton muna column what
encima in my very little Spanish
millionaire eos that's the nickname of
River Plate some million are mini Oreos
in las alexion so River Plate teams in
the Argentinian selection would you like
to manage Argentina one day no creo que
en el momento see no vamos a empezar
solo main st Mira say o no se cuando por
que nunca sabe uno cuando se pueden de
las el crew say no pero pero cemetary a
new future Oh Sara and enter an
elimination tournament
Marcelo thank you very much for joining
us it's worth played Thank You Man
this is the tango I'm a little bit
scared we are here one of the world's
great stadiums La Bombonera the deadly
rivals of River Plate this is the home
of Boca Juniors now it's very quiet at
the moment it's a beautiful summer sunny
day in Buenos Aires but in a couple of
days this place is going to be rocking
bother Junius against River Plate your
favorite memory that incredible why not
does he live
it's a partido que the booty a la
primera DeVoe come so the booty la
primera level and el cincuenta says no
even a September 13 2010 they will
Thomas Anakin Chavo cocky shot rose he
maybe tena koe no longer any color or
equal zero
sorry Musa jugar con griever 11 amo dosa
you know Reba hace que para miss a
couple in toto bueno lado y el peru for
they booked us over a river the noise in
secret she woke up in she lied what were
your memories of that solvent to quite a
firm with potential nigga legend kizomba
tenido nosotros el 20 Quartermaine
workplaces in this area sentido for
total oriental tena koe y nosotros en el
santa claus and chile
vamos
no party Tohono so train oh say cuantos
her mo k llama eliminated amo di l
monado muy pronto no era un equipo
fuerte como para decir salvo Campione no
are contrary oh the hippo gregjul are
pero conclusively that can be ended a
sweet attack a enough analysis a macabre
igano Brazil no did you feel you in 1967
Argentina could win the World Cup Mira
yo creo que no se no idea tongue tongue
when a keeper lowest row heel cata back
on corn come become the Ranger poor duck
in a masculine energy Debra seems gay
done grant Ahuja Laura's here on run
equipo que tenia Brazilian side pocket
he the poison the nosotros no famous
venomous on autopilot a mobster Rica
Chile una hora de beyond here we go segi
mosaic e
los de ba partidos KC Hawaii and dijo
que es nosotros estamos en la vega de
rancagua la ciudad de chile con la cual
infinite ammo nosotros so who solamente
de los cuatro partido no there are three
parties the lottery partidos who ate
those
he pretty I don't know who know who they
do i ck no no podemos nosotros not
record a more knotty Chile first
advocate to oka said kita see the name
okay recorder get any emotion wanna keep
open but don't the present Navidad it
was a super dealer no la boca it's been
your club since you were a child and now
you're 80 year old and still here at
poker how much this pocket radius mean
to you
he woke a significant hola but I mean
Boca so that he told okay puddin
he's a limo camp young buddy-buddies
campeonatos but at most he could elect
up that means treat I Cinco años
does that not above in and turns it a
finger on you
Michigan party homenaje el partido Chile
Salonika a favor me know we know the
sainted America so who are always who
won who contrary keep on wet road
contrabassoon una misto so he luego de
quoi de aqui no famous
Alberto Rhonda I said repertory
recommitted to open it up forget our
movie any time of Elisha who may know
and Sonya Russian thank you very much
for joining me understand column oh sure
you look fantastic
my you and pakka have much success in
the future thank you Oh impressive and
voters in Greece's
Roberta thank you for joining me on the
stand : washout when you play for Brazil
when you play for Argentina when you
play for Germany the expectation is to
win how does that feel as a player a
trope is a movable arrow a more personal
the electorial Ezekiel salir Campion
como que la gente para ESO de voz es una
prescient Alves extra entry Commission
ah porque yo euro noise when a person is
enormous operation tener que defender
local or la elección de tener
posibilidades de poder Genaro mundial
creo que la Kumada us track de salir -
bolita muy bueno no - Vanessa possibly
up or km determinable momento tal vez el
factor suerte well factor they they not
Taryn a condiciones propecia para ganar
mundial no see no vo pero si que en cada
momento de amor en presentado no food or
nasty really competitive what is the
emotion of being a captain dome me
acuerdo de la kappa Tanika - Argentina
into society do you know who are
important you know cor la cinta Capitan
Argentina vamos para tropi Sorella man
adore Delano yo
Hollis El Capitan important a veces una
vez el ejido pour une entrain adore el
caso de Passarella
en la época de de de bielsa el ejido por
los propio compañeros por que se hace
una votación y lo compañera le chien a
su Capitan entonces OS American Sally
acondo dato company wrote a lead on si
si responsible iya s Hermosa s Hermosa
sspecial y no no puede no puede ver
Sevilla kalyana responsive EDA a via
Cape ribbon are con ella hemp lo a gonna
see today a server Robert Sewell Ella
thank you very much for joining me
understand Collymore show you look
fantastic
Thank You Roger
in the summer hey we've come to the west
of Buenos Aires to have a chat with a
man that's a personal inspiration to me
and many in Argentina and beyond
Fernando casseras played for the
Argentinian national team he played for
River Plate and also in Spain for Celta
Vigo but when he retired he came back to
Argentina and tragedy struck in 2009 you
sat at his car and he was burgled and
shot in the head his life changed
forever let's have a chat with a man
that is still actively involved in
football and still an inspiration to
many
Fernando thank you for joining me on the
stand Collymore show 1994 World Cup how
excited were you to play the first World
Cup in the United States
you are officially legal for classes
home we landed at the caminito Gambia
the plugin' Fernando Redondo Diego
Maradona Claudio Caniggia
you Simeone batistuta how good was that
team Kelly with time which are full they
will talk what who are mucho porque
ahora para ser intercessory when do you
knock me on the way food or canola food
are the various a simple what was your
best experience your best memory of the
1994 World Cup in Caesarea muy Randy
Alicia Steinem Vittorio Konkani Homaro
Nando see Ronnie Dalembert the universe
night on this enormous I agree upon
parte de Oeste de comprar food this
sooner or later I just about the near
Indian granular layer moving we arose
Fernando in 2000 knowing something
terrible
your life happened describe to me having
a professional football career coming
back to Argentina and then this horrible
thing happened how did it change your
life no idea you chose implement the
almond toe location to share homeopathy
food here's a location super ko Yoon se
na ito medicine to the girl and the
phoenicians Takeru a moon accent in
every previous year don't ever say
Olivia are you angry
what happened no no no I love Chico
shall appear donate and perdonar uneven
progress why for the civil team jealousy
la persona kita Goulbourne
he should be very apparent and a Turk on
Kulpa contrary you know channel Malaysia
what support did you have from the
football family when we finish playing
football we have friends colleagues from
Russia from England from Italy after
2009 did you get lots of love and
support from other footballers they know
very LaHood I just found a little i lo
que se el colegio fool toid us your day
no enjoyment in one Atlassian porque
tenemos el p7 tofu deceive I mean we
simply along with food in tow and
ammunition mucho para the last scenario
case Daria got the unaware that Ave
deterred maths at in toto location area
here foolish boys do you think it's
possible with your experience the
trophies the international experience to
be manager of river or Baca is that
possible Italy Australia to Nigeria
Georgia tango Teatro del dot mil cuatro
Oh shaggy dog eternal gallaecia Demian
Bichir alongside his hero careers yeah
algo para me envision the very well we
met at a station and dinner how long did
it take before you happy
you were back and strong you know it
sits in the city and coma he won custody
of missus either way Thomas it was my
Familia Tristan Becerra I'm other passes
yoga Mina yessuf with a demolisher a bit
of basada you read earlier a little
pocket all but at the tabla consecutive
event a pariah but a more equitable pero
el Poco pillows a young William Fernando
you're an incredible man a real
inspiration to me and many many people
in the football world
thank you very very much for joining me
understand combination
there is such a thing called the
football family that I wanted to
transmit in this show fans color
cultures sometimes very bad sometimes
incredible and to sit down and chat to
that guy that's had so much drama in his
license 2009 the comeback being shot in
the head the rehabilitation of
forgiveness through the perpetrators
makes me feel very very lucky to be a
part of this thing called the football
family
Fernando Casillas thank you very very
much
so many people around the world think
there are only two big Argentinian clubs
River Plate and Boca Juniors here in
Buenos Aires but that's simply not true
the third Club San Lorenzo has a massive
historical rivalry with Baca juniors
we're here to watch it today and trust
me they really don't like each other and
they also very famous Holiness the Pope
or mangamma ringa ringa Vienna Campion
or Quintero let's embrace and eventually
run out for Victoria
Matias tell us about the responsibility
of being the chairman of San Lorenzo we
done the casino in Campinas Menomonee de
sel Tammy and Happiness Mumbai from the
keepo a peugeot the quality cinta the
coral fauna
a lot is emotional mente I was really
convenient back a caterpillar food okay
the food and a cash in de semana el
resultado bingo termination Syrian when
an animove you don t know grant the tall
as a man entonces no I don't wanna hear
but we know sure I don't a la passione
cosas más importante que tiene la gente
case a crew delicacy innocent do
syndrome we're on this game salaries of
Boca Juniors is open soul is very
passionate passionate tell us about this
game see more passionately poured on the
balance odor for a San Lorenzo Bucca
pouring silica Pumas fool Arctica mature
can't get into El Pais he is under in so
you woke up your experiment particular
and what's an agility Pokemon recently
an elector yeah oka he is awesome for a
given set of procedures and reduced
partying with ACL repair amo mucho
Grande de la empresa party with massive
removal enter a new we want to check out
a burger so no party over more the one I
wouldn't eat oh I can't absolutamente
national tourism troth is possible to
remove my depreciation
all of the pre-match buildup is gone now
it's time for the game San Lorenzo
against Boca Juniors
and the fans are in fantastic voice
the dam is finished has been 1:1 between
San Lorenzo and Boca Juniors you see the
players Korean Carlos Tevez coming in
there lots of press there very dejected
that goes freely with 11 million tonight
they should have won the game Fabrizio
it's very strange for an Englishman to
see you in red and blue I'm usually used
to seeing you in black and white
how does it feel to be back home in San
Lorenzo can we contend Oh like a second
I mean Familia going to authentic a
predicament any familia de Chivo he talk
sh a moocher they may not say a listeria
you guys how did it feel like to be back
on this pitch against the rival poker
genius en masse Jackie elementary friend
that means a muy personality when the
rococo Mahavira na enjoy Saladin so
Alinta noventa minutos analysis a
popular la pequeña fiance completely
logical you know gerado
fundamentally not alone it's been a long
day here in purussaurus it's been a long
few days we've spoken to some true
legends not just Argentinian football
but world's football people like gay
outdoor the manager of River Plate and
of course Roberto Ayala with 115 caps
for Argentina just on a quick chat with
fairytale caller Cheney he says hello to
the Newcastle fans and that wraps up the
Stan Collymore show in Argentina
thank you very much for joining me on
the stand Collymore show hope you
enjoyed it
join us next week for more incredible
football stories from around the world
come on
you
