Vladimir Putin's State of the Nation
Address has sent parts of the media into
a frenzy
accusing Russia of cold war-era
posturing during the speech the
president showcased the country's new
strategic weapons which he said could
outsmart all existing missile defenses
the White House and the country learning
of that new threat from Russian
President warning his adversaries and in
the West in particular not to mess with
Russia computer graphics of missiles
flying over mountains and heading over
oceans 10 he says he's not bluffing
though many saw the addresses a threat
directed at the United States Moscow
claims it has no intention of using its
military might
the high-tech weaponry is intended only
to preserve the global balance of power
as Murad gas DF reports if you aren't
Russian the first hour Putin's speech
would have been boring taxes and
corruption Science and Industry that
sort of thing after that though it got
real hot real fast
Namie Russia is a major nuclear power
but basically nobody wanted to talk to
us nobody listened to us so listen to us
now rockets lasers nukes in a rush putin
unveiled an arsenal of new weapons
bigger faster stronger and deadlier than
any that came before
the Samet super-heavy ICBM 200 ton
missile capable of penetrating any
existing defense in service at the end
of the year next an enigmatic new
development seemingly nuclear-powered
cruise missile it flies extremely low to
avoid detection and can hit almost
anywhere in the world says Putin up next
it's just fantastic an underwater drone
submarine also nuclear-powered with a
nuclear payload it can reportedly lurk
underwater for months and months silent
and nearly undetectable next the
avant-garde the hypersonic missile
extremely fast rockets that can actively
dodge and evade anti-missile defenses
he's heading for the target like a
meteorite to top all of that off laser
weapon systems though Putin didn't go
into details saying only that it's still
classified the Russian president says
all of this isn't to intimidate or scare
anyone or invade anyone
these are serious weapons designed for
one thing restore and guarantee Russia's
strategic power in an age where an ever
expanding NATO is trying to nullify it
when a new bullet Blahnik we have no
plans and have never had plans to use
this potential to achieve offensive or
aggressive ends Russia's enhanced
military power is simply a guarantee for
peace on our planet for it preserves
restore parity in the world show that
there's no point in engaging in a
senseless arms race after all mutually
assured destruction has kept the world
safe for the best part of a century not
everyone though buys president Putin's
explanation of the thinking behind his
speech he was pressed about it in an
interview with NBC several analysts and
the West's have said this is the
declaration of a new coal
war are we in a new arms race right now
my point of view is the individuals who
have said that new Cold War has started
are not really analysts they do
propaganda if you were to speak about
arms race then an arms race began at
exactly the time and moment when the
u.s. opted out of the anti-ballistic
missile treaty to stress his point that
the new weapons serve only to balance
the world powers Putin pointed out that
US missile defense is already deployed
in Alaska and in California
NATO is also expanding into Eastern
Europe with two sights have been set up
in Romania and Poland and new sights so
soon to be established in Japan and
South Korea and apart from ground-based
launch weapon systems the u.s. complex
also includes a naval component meaning
that right now America has five Navy
cruisers and thirty destroyer ships
stationed right along russia's eastern
borders now we spoke to several defense
analysts who think the Russian
president's speech was not intended as a
threat it was defense deterrence
competition and containment no
aggression no thoughts of starting of
initiating a war which is reassuring the
defense versus the offense in missile
technology and anti-missile technology
has probably reached a new phase with
Putin's speech and the Americans even
though they have known at least in
general terms that these weapon systems
are in the pipeline will probably react
with some surprise at the advanced stage
in which they were unveiled these are
not designed for war fighting these are
designed to send a very clear message
that President Putin said quite clearly
which is that these these systems are
basically saying if you mess with us we
will nuke you and we will not hold back
now that is a strategic statement it's
not a statement about escalating to
de-escalating which is what the Russians
are often accused of and were accused of
officially by the American government in
the Nuclear Posture review which is
indeed a dangerous
doctrine but it's not a real doctrine
that the Russians have ever endorsed
