but if President of the Russian
Federation Vladimir Putin
thank you very much thank you citizens
of Russia members of the Federation
Council and deputies of the State Duma
my State of the Nation Address today is
special we are at a turning point we are
at the crossroads when the significance
of our choices the significance of every
step we take is extremely important
that's because they define the future of
our country for decades it is at such
turning points that Russia has always
demonstrated its capability to develop
and renew to build new cities to conquer
space to make tremendous discoveries
this pursuit of the future this
combination of traditions and values is
what makes our history so strong we went
through difficult transformations we
coped with extremely difficulties in the
economy and the social sphere we kept
our country together we established
ourselves firmly as a democracy we
ensured stability in practically all the
different areas of our life which is
critical for our multi national large
country with its Federative structure
different cultures historical conflicts
in our past and different tribulations
we hadn't past stability is a firm
foundation but it doesn't guarantee
further development we can't afford this
stability to make us relax and
sit back we still have many problems
that remain unresolved Russia still has
a vast economic and defensive potential
but we need to improve the quality of
our people's lives we're not there yet
but we have to get there and this is
what we are going to do the role the
positions of a state in the world today
is defined not by natural resources or
productive capabilities it's defined by
people by conditions for
self-fulfillment for every person so our
top priority is to preserve the people
of Russia to ensure their welfare
this is where we need to achieve our
biggest breakthrough and like I said
we've laid the foundation for that so
now we can go to another level and
address new challenges we have some
experience with implementing large-scale
projects and programs our economy's
stable and this provides us with new
opportunities for breakthroughs and
long-term growth finally there is huge
technology potential in the world today
that enables us to achieve a real
breakthrough in improving the quality of
life for our people developing our
infrastructure and governance how
effectively will be able to take
advantage of this technology revolution
how we are going to respond to these
challenges it's all up to us
so the upcoming years will determine the
future of our country will determine the
future of Russia why let me explain
something to you and this has nothing to
do with the electoral cycle with the
upcoming presidential election whoever
becomes the next president
regardless of that every person every
citizen of Russia has to realize what is
happening in the world today and what
kind of challenges we face today
technological changes are happening at
an increasing speed and those who take
advantage of this new technology will
launch forward those who are unable to
do that will be buried under this tide
of technological progress being backward
technological means undermining the
capabilities of your country and
eventually losing your sovereignty
that's a fact this will weaken the
country undermine its human potential
because new jobs modern companies
appealing prospects will emerge in other
countries in successful countries and
young people will go there talented
people will move there and society will
lose its vitality and development
potential as a result like I said we are
witnessing civilizational changes in the
world today and this requires us to rise
up to this challenge and we are ready
for that we are ready for thee for this
breakthrough my confidence is based on
results we have achieved so far are
quite obvious things we have achieved
together we've consolidated the people
of Russia and we have a huge potential
our people are extremely creative for us
to move forward and develop dynamic we
need to expand the space of freedom in
all the different areas we need to
strengthen democratic institutions local
self-government civil society the
judiciary we have to be open to the
world open to new ideas and new
initiatives we have to embrace long
overdue decisions we have to make those
decisions we need to abandon everything
that stops us holds us back preventing
people from fulfilling themselves and
developing we
to concentrate and focus we need to be
strong and work hard but otherwise we'll
have no future our children will have no
future our country will have no future I
don't mean necessarily that somebody
will invade us no will be lagging behind
this is the biggest threat and unless we
do something the situation will only get
worse this is like a chronic disease
that gradually undermines your body from
within sometimes you don't even feel it
we need to focus on development so that
no obstacle prevents us from making
progress it's up to us to define our
future colleagues what should be our
priority like I said I think the welfare
of our people is our top priority in the
year 2000 we had 42 million people
living below the poverty line this is
almost 30% of our population 29% to be
exact in 2012 will reduce this number to
10% than because of the economic crisis
poverty went up again today we have 20
million of our people living below the
poverty line of course that's not 40
million like we had in year 2000 but
it's still unacceptable even some
working people live in very modest
conditions for the first time in our
modern history we were able to raise
minimum wages to the minimum living wage
and this will go into effect on May 1st
of 2018 this will affect the incomes of
4 million people this is an important
step yet it doesn't resolve the problem
entirely we need to renew our employment
system we
is quite our cake today we need to
provide people with jobs that motivate
them providing income and help with
self-fulfillment we need to create
modern high paying jobs this is the
foundation that that we need to address
in the coming decade sustainable long
term growth of it personal incomes over
the next six years we need to reduce the
number of people living below the
poverty line by at least 50% we need to
revise our system of social benefits
those benefits should go to families who
really need it in the past by supporting
families mothers we were able to
overcome negative demographic trends
we've increased the birth rate and we've
reduced the mortality rate we were able
to overcome the consequences of two
demographic downturns after World War
Two and towards the end of the previous
century you can see on the graphic these
two downturns look very similar in terms
of numbers but what we lost in the 90s
shows today
there's decrease in the birth rate
because currently we have a small number
of people who were born in the 90s
marrying this is there's also an
economic dimension to this problem in
2017 the number of working people
reduced by a million and this trend will
continue within the next few years this
can become a serious limitation for
economic growth we just don't have labor
resources we need to respond to this
challenge and in coming decades we need
to make sure that the population of
Russia keeps growing we've continued our
policy we've extended the
to benefit program and we have targeted
payouts for the first child second and
third child over the next five years
over a half a million families with
children will be able to improve their
living conditions by getting a better
deal on mortgage we also have a program
for children hospitals despite certain
remaining problems we've resolved the
problem with kindergartens now we need
to provide all families that need
arrangements for even younger children
we need to help young moms to go back to
work if they are interested in doing so
in three years we have to create 270,000
new places in nurseries will support our
provinces will provide 50 billion rubles
from the federal budget to this program
over the next six years the government
will spend a at least three point four
trillion rubles to the programs of
supporting family and maternity and
population growth this is a large amount
of money but it's not exorbitant this is
40 percent more than we used to spend in
2016 and 2017 we spent two point forty
seven trillion rubles it is a moral
obligation to support the older
generation as well because these people
made a major contribution to the
development of our country senior
citizens should have all the necessary
conditions for longevity proper aging we
need to increase pensions and regularly
index pensions above inflation we will
also do our best to close the gap
between to reduce
the gap between tensions and the salary
that the person used to have before
retirement we also need to improve the
quality of medical services provided to
sinner citizens and we need to help
people who find themselves in a
difficult situation this would require a
comprehensive approach in our part I
think that the future government the
future cabinet should prepare a special
program for systemic support to improve
the quality of life for senior people we
appreciate every person every person
matters to us we want all people to live
long and healthy life to see their
grandchildren and great-grandchildren to
see how their grandchildren become young
energetic positive people moving their
country forward
Russia should secure its place among the
top 5 economies and increase GDP by 50%
over the next two years this is a
serious task but I'm sure that we will
be able to achieve this goal
another key basic indicator is longevity
life expectancy in the year 2000 life
expectancy was little over 65 years in
Russia and for males it was under 16
this is not just low this is a real
tragedy this is a tragic figure in
recent years Russia achieved one of the
best life expectancy growth rates in the
world we increased the life expectancy
by over 70 years we moved it up to 73
but even this is not enough today we
have to set a new goal by the end of the
next decade Russia should join the club
of countries with 80-plus
life expectancy
this includes countries like Japan
France and Germany life expectancy
should roll in by increasing the period
where people are not affected by
diseases where they can live healthy
lifestyle and this is doable this is
possible our entire country will have to
make a big step towards this goal the
lives of all of our people have to
change for that colleagues we have to
create modern environment for our people
we need to transform our cities and
villages while we preserve our
historical heritage and we have
successful experience of improving urban
environment we have such experience in
Kazan in Vladivostok in Sochi many
provincial capitals are also being
transformed so we've got some experience
for that so I suggest we launch a new
large scale program that will affect
many other major cities as well and we
should at least and double our spending
on these programs over the next six
years
clearly developing cities and
settlements involves healthcare
education transport infrastructure all
these things will require additional
funding as well I will talk about this a
little later in different sections of my
address we need to improve urban
development based on using new materials
in construction modern architectural
solutions we should use digital
technology for transport the utilities
system and so on this will make the
whole system of the utility services
transparent people should get
the quality services without overpaying
for them
this will create new prospects for
people provide them with modern
environment civic initiatives small
businesses and startups
this will help Russia develop a vibrant
middle class a lot will depend on
municipal authorities how open they are
to modern new ideas how well they
respond to initiatives coming from
people low-income families disabled
people they should really care about
their cities towns people who live there
and this is not a formality I really
mean it and I would ask authorities at
all levels to pay special attention to
this developing our cities this should
be the locomotive of our development
today we cannot focus on just a few big
cities big cities should be a foundation
for well-balanced spatial development of
the entire country
this requires modern infrastructure and
I will talk about this a little later in
detail but right now I would like to
stress that a well-developed
infrastructure would provide our people
with all the necessary services that the
residents of big cities enjoy today
those people living in rural areas
should be integrated with the rest of
the country we will support initiatives
that provide small towns help them
preserve their identity and develop will
pay special attention to social and
infrastructure development in rural
areas the agricultural industry is
already competitive on the global stage
and
people who provided this success should
see real improvements in their lives
accordingly colleagues I understand how
important it is for every family to have
a house to have residence this is a huge
problem that we have inherited from our
past it has been going on for decades
and we've heard many promises and
attempts to solve this problem and now
we are finally able to actually do this
and we should do this in 26 2017 three
million families in Russia improved
their living conditions now we need to
achieve steady and this is the first
time in Russia's modern history for the
first time we should achieve the level
where every year at least five families
will be improving their living
conditions this is a difficult task to
go from three million to five million
this year last year we had 3.1 million
families and we need to get to the
figure of five male and people but this
is doable and there are three key
factors that would help us make a living
more affordable and accessible first we
need to improve personal incomes second
we need to reduce mortgage rates and
third we need to increase the number of
offers on the market let me remind you
that in 2001
how many mortgage loans were issued in
our country just four thousand loans
four thousand mortgage loans with the
interest rate up to 30 percent including
some men dollars and actually 50 percent
of those loans were in dollars it's just
a small group of people who could afford
a mortgage last year we had 1 million
mortgage loans in December the average
rate went below 10 percent for the first
time ever of course we know that it's
okay it's an highly individual situation
it
but we need to proceed and reducing
mortgage rates to seven or eight percent
you know we had a lot of discussions
what should I mention seven or eight
percent when we discussed my speech but
I would like to say that we should
definitely aspire to getting this figure
down to seven percent mortgage should
become affordable for most working
people and Russia today young
specialists young professionals let me
give you a few more figures in the 1950s
1970s we had on the average 16 million
square meters of new housing in the
country then in the 80s it was closer to
70 million currently we have about 80
million square meters we actually went a
little bit higher on some years now we
should set our goal high we should
increase residential construction to 120
million square meters a year this is an
ambitious goal but again it's doable
considering new technology and
experience that our construction
companies have acquired new materials we
need to get from 80 million to 120
million it is necessary and it is doable
if we want to have five million families
improving their living conditions in a
year we need to build 120 million square
meters of housing every year that's
their money in construction should be
protected we should gradually abandon
go investment schemes it should be banks
and other institutions assuming risks
for construction projects not
individuals
you know when some of our colleagues
including some of them sitting here in
this room and they said that we should
use market-based evaluation
they said the system we had in the past
are obsolete but eventually it turned
out quite often we have a situation
where the where the warehousing is
evaluated above its market price so we
need to look at our taxation system how
the value although the residence is
estimated it should never be about above
market value and we need to make illness
decisions very soon in the first six
months of 2018 no later colleagues to
develop our cities and villages we need
to increase business activities and this
requires that Russia should be covered
by modern communications in just a few
months in just a few months the Crimean
bridge will be open for automobile
traffic and then it will open for
railway traffic in 2019 this will
provide an impetus for Crimea to develop
and the entire Black Sea coast we've
renovated our roads we need to move on
to regional roads now federal roads are
actually much better now the situation
is a little worse with regional roads
local roads of course are a disaster I
would like to appeal to my mayors and
governors you need to be focused on road
quality of your roads all the time you
need to use new technology new new
solutions infrastructure mortgage loans
cycle contracts and so on and of course
we need to increase safety on our roads
we need to reduce the mortality rate for
traffic accident
over the next few years we need to
double our spending on road construction
and maintenance in Russia we need to
earmark over 11 trillion rubles from
different sources for this purpose this
is a lot considering that in 2019 2017
we spent six point four trillion rubles
on that that's a lot to you but we need
to bring it up to eleven trillion we're
building roads a road that will become
part of the Russia Asia Pacific corridor
and our partners from Kazakhstan and
China have already done their part of
this project their roads are already
operational so we need to accelerate and
do our part we need to increase the
throughput capacity of the baikal-amur
line up two hundred and fifty million
containers the time period for delivery
over this line should be reduced to
seven days and this will secure a quick
return on investment for this project
our railroads should increase the third
food capacity by four times this will
make Russia one of the world leaders for
container transit between Europe and
Asia in 1991 seaports of the entire
Soviet Union were 600 million tons but
we lost half of that because of the
disintegration of the Soviet Union in
the early 2000s it was 300 million tons
then we increased it by the factor of 3
over the next 17 years and then 2017
the seaports of Russia that's the mark
of 1 billion tons
at the Catena graphic you can see this
on the chart this is more than what we
had in the entire Soviet Union by more
than two-thirds actually it's higher
than that now it's 1.25 we should keep
increasing keep developing this
potential we need to increase railway
railway communications in the areas
around the seaports we need to develop
the Arctic and the northern sea route
will really help with that
syrup would capacity will increase by a
factor of 10 to 80 million tons we need
to make this competitive transit artery
in the Soviet times it was used more
than late later and we will fix that we
will develop our forests will create all
the necessary conditions for people to
live there in comfortable conditions we
want people to go there we want to
increase the population of forests new
territories we've launched a number of
important projects in the Arctic regions
they meet modern green standards we
strengthen our scientific capabilities
defense infrastructure in the Arctic
regions this will secure Russia's
interest in this strategic part we're
also building nuclear icebreakers the
our Arctic Fleet has always been and
will always be the most powerful Arctic
fleet in the world we are to reconstruct
and
expand the network of our Regional
Airport yes half of all regional flights
will be direct the situation when you
have to fight a neighbor region from
Moscow that will be thing of the past
meeting we are working on it today
same goes for the aviation
infrastructure based on the strategy for
the wide scale development we need to
prepare complex set of measures for in
the heads in the whole infrastructure
for every that is one of the top
priorities for the next we should be not
only half of our planet we should be one
of the world centers for storing
processing and transferring the data the
so called big data account developing
our infrastructure we should take into
account the global technological changes
and trends today we should be
introducing new solutions to our project
which would allow us to combine the
current infrastructure with the unmanned
vehicles and navigation with the help of
the artificial intelligence we can
arrange logistical management systems as
well as we should work on the generation
transfer and storage of energy of the
upcoming six years we should renew our
energy sector attracting over 1.5
trillion rubles private investments and
we introduced the so called distributed
generation of energy to help the Far
regions Russia by the Year 2024 will
ensure almost 100% of internet coverage
for every corner of Russia will complete
the construction of the fibre channels
for the Internet to every remote city
and town of Russia for 25,000 people of
Russia and the remote cities and towns
of the Far East and Siberia north will
have a reliable access through the
Russian satellite network thanks to the
modern telecommunication technologies we
will make our citizens able to connect
the most modern services educational
programmes or TV
Internet healthcare services but the
people will be able to create some
scientific research volunteer groups
companies movements which would benefit
our huge country that kind of competence
and that kind of storage of information
and data and talents it will be a huge
asset colleagues task for us which is
common for all of us is the
accessibility of high quality and modern
healthcare we should be oriented towards
the highest global standards in that
field nineteen twenty twenty four we
will be investing annually four percent
of our GDP days feel but we should be
reaching level of 5% of GDP coming to
healthcare services that means that we
reach their overall allocation level of
twice as high as we have today we should
find new ways to finance these projects
which would not be limited would not be
limiting the economic growth I'd like to
thank our doctors nurses for the hard
work they do the hard but so very much
needed these are the people who our
country depends as well as the teachers
and the cultural workers and they
deserve good payment good salaries and
wages a lot when implementing the may
orders initiated in 2012 still we
haven't implemented everything but
generally speaking they set the high bar
but without that high bar wouldn't have
results we have today we need to be
ambitious
is this news yeah we should not step
back we should maintain the level of
salaries when it comes to the budget
dependent workers we should see the
incremental growth as well as the growth
in the quality of education of people
work in these sectors of health care
education years will modernize our
health care infrastructure and hospitals
so that is that has a direct impact on
the quality of the health care services
Rober account we are too much into the
administrative information we are
closing small hospitals in their own
cities but we have no alternative and
people have no access to such services
in remote places they see no ocean and
they are being told you can go to the
city and have some help there but this
means that people are forgotten and
abandoned we should present equal
opportunities fair services it shouldn't
be the case in the healthcare anywhere
else we need to restore truly
stage-by-stage accessibility for most
basic health care services we should
have done it in the first place when
working on the reforms we should do that
today as soon as possible for the sake
of the cities who are not more than 100
thousand people and listen the next year
we should be creating new hospitals and
first aid centers and for the towns with
less than 100 people and we have a fair
amount of such ologists we need to
create a mobile services with cars
off-road cars with all the necessary
equipment we need to keep our hands on
the pulse of the all-russian national
front be in constant contact with the
people monitoring the situation in the
fee
hospitals the regional institutions for
healthcare services and the leading
medical research centers shouldn't be
tied into one in the same network so
that the people would get the help from
the overall system every specialist and
doctor preventing diseases is also
important in the 90s we did not conduct
any of such things we've started to
store the disease prevention policies
every person in Russia should be coming
through a compulsory check every year
that means that we should be more
responsible about our health modern
technologies would allow us to decrease
the mortality in the elderly ages and
help to prevent medi cardiovascular
diseases we have some positive dynamics
that's good but still we need to fight
off the oncological diseases the cancer
we need to find it off our colleagues we
have family members of friends who've
suffered by that setting evil by cancer
and I say we should create an all
Russian program to fight cancer and
illogical diseases bringing in designed
potential and our foremost Neuticles
company is modernizing our oncological
centers and this way starting to work
from the very bottom when we detect the
first signs of cancer to the very
treatment of it we have already some
positive developments on that track
because all the indicators well we
should be at the same modern level as
others and that level should be the top
one in Russia not to maintain an
elephant agen we need to work more than
only on the health care services in
Russia the country we need to ensure
high levels of environmental protection
and well-being you can imagine a healthy
life without millions with millions of
people drinking
I water which is below the standards if
you have black snow coming down like in
Krasnoyarsk and a fusion duster sent us
because of the fog they could not see
the Sun for months and Chileans Nizhny
Tagil Cherepovets and some other cities
we have tighten up our environmental
policies for the industry which will
decrease the emissions such a 2012 we
expect that as many as 300 industrial
complexes will be coming on to the use
of new technologies and heat emission
reduction systems and starting from the
year 2021 every industrial entity in
Russia will introduce these new measures
and mechanism of course was seen many
difficulties on the way but there is no
way back you should know that we will
never postpone the deadlines anymore
will not expand the current programs
need to modernize the energy sector this
will be achieved through creating new
roads and highways and enhancing the
quality of transportation emissions
control today the civil society found
out that in Russia there are more than
22 thousand of dump sites we need to
settle this problem we need to eliminate
the dump sites within the borders of
cities we need to enhance the quality of
water in remote small towns the water
has been delivered not 24/7 but only
several hours per day we need to
introduce more technologies which are
already human results in our defense and
technical industries we need to maintain
and preserve the unique environment of
Baikal of the Wolski basin and the
internet ski lake which will have a
direct positive impact on the quality of
life of behalf of all Russian citizens
we are to open 24 new preservation
centers a national parks they should be
accessible for the environmentally
friendly tourism that will help us to
bring up people who are responsible
about the environment colleagues 2018 is
the year of volunteers and very symbolic
this year started with adopting a law
which introduces that every level of
government and authorities should
facilitate the work of volunteers today
volunteers those who are socially
oriented actually participate in solving
the most burning tasks today and that
involvement of people in the work of the
authorities as well as the moral
heritage is what makes our one and the
same nation that was helping us to make
headway we should preserve our identity
even amid the technological changes we
experience and you cannot overestimate
the role of culture which is our old
national civilizational code we share it
opens up the creativity positive
creativity in every one of us we should
create more cultural and museum
institutions across Russia concert halls
theatrical halls music halls as many
other schools and institution and halls
as well as exhibition areas where the
leading museums of Russia will be
deploying all they have on this place it
should not be storing that in the
archives I should be displaying the
beauties they have these will be the
centers for cultural life of the year
for them people of all ages then the
first project of that kind will be
implemented in Vladivostok other cities
will follow colleagues our children a
dreaming of Russia which will be
oriented towards the future essays
including many many words about the
dreams of our children and we should
dream dream about bigger things we
should open up the challenge of our
children help them achieve
they want and it is the school which is
responsible for answering the call of
times because only this way the country
will be ready to face the challenges of
today experts say that our school is one
of the leading in the world we'll
continue the work on enhancing the
quality of education at all levels and
modern high quality education should be
accessible to every child in Russia
equal opportunities is a huge potential
for the country to achieve greater
social justice inequality we need to
transit to more to new technologies of
individual education so that the people
from very young age will be ready to
creatively search for new information
and new skills we need to build up the
competences for the digital age we need
to support talented gifted pupils and
students and teachers as well and we
should create an open system of
selection for preparing the personnel
and the heads of schools because they
are responsible for enhancing the
quality of the teachers and human
potential we'll continue to reinforce
our system of support for the gifted
children the kind of system should
encompass every region of Russia we
should integrate such platform as
quantonium and Syria the center for
extra curriculum education and that
should be the case for every region of
Russia we need to create a modern center
of professional orientation courses
universities should pair up with schools
successful companies and starting with
the new school year we should launch the
early professional orientation program
like a ticket to the future will go to
the future that will help our children
our youth to try their skills and the
companies in the real companies which
work today and we are to allocate 1
billion rubles to support that
initiative
all set is important to work on coaching
coaching is what helps us unite in moral
foundations and the skills and
competences of generations and
mentorship is the answer to the problems
we face in a very competitive thing is
the knowledge competence technologies
they are the keys to the breakthrough
and enhancing the quality of lives in
the immediate future we should create a
modern legal just little basis lifting
off every barrier for robotics the use
of robust artificial intelligence
unmanned vehicles each raid big data and
such legal framework should be updated
on a regular basis it should be based on
the flexible approach to every sector to
every technology we have all the
necessary prerequisites to introduce as
fast as possible the 5g networks and the
Internet of Things technology is just as
well we need to create our own digital
platforms which we come back to both
with the global informational platforms
which would allow us to have a new kind
of technological order logistics and
everything else because distributed
registered technology is the answer for
the challenges on the way to
transactions and it's a very practical
thing we need to create new technologies
and new solutions to discover the reach
resources of the arctic's and develop
the potential of every our industry also
enhancing the quality of services which
are provided to the people who need to
have an access to rehabilitation we need
to see more startups to introduce new
technologies to the industries
ready to do it here we speak about very
comfortable taxation and infrastructure
rights and venture investments our
technological growth should be based on
the fundamental science potential
throughout the years to increase that
potential and first of all what we are
now one of the top countries in the
world thanks to the Russian Academy of
Science largely the leading Research
Institute of Russia basing our
experience and competences we need to
come to the new level today in Gajan and
Dibner we see projects for modern
research installations of the mega
science level and also enormous risk we
have planned to create a single from
installation as well as the same kind of
installation will be stalled in the area
of Moscow Russian research institutions
this way will be one of the leading ones
in the world and the use of these new
capabilities will allow our companies to
be more competitive and creating new
drugs new materials new chips and
motherboards and everything else and
that kind of new infrastructure will
support the ambitious scientific
research attracting our compatriots from
abroad back to Russia we need to have a
proper legal and contractual basis for
the work of international scientific
research groups our potential should be
enriched when it comes to the
educational centers who should be
integrated with the institutions
universities high-tech companies such
centers already been created in Kazan in
Samara and Tom's and now Siberian
connected work and too many in
Vladivostok Kaliningrad and other cities
of Russia we need to orient them towards
the implementation of huge
interdisciplinary project in such a
promising area as genome research
because the breakthrough on that track
will help us to create new
efforts for prevention of diseases and
treatment of disease expanding our
capabilities in terms of agricultural
development and also our mathematicians
are the ones who are to push forward our
digital growth we have the necessary
mathematical research centers and ghazan
in the most superior working
successfully and if the framework of
decisions were made we are to open same
centers the st. Petersburg Moscow and in
Sochi just as well our youth Russian
years they are capable been the leaders
in many spheres our school students and
pupils have 38 medals
achieving the first place and the
WorldSkills competition 2017 our
students have claimed 12 victories on
the during the competition for
programmers best practices and
experience is what can help us to
modernize the professional education we
need to achieve new levels of student
education when it comes to the new
technologically demanding areas we
should introduce the bible's bachelor's
degrees and new courses for engineers as
well as we should create new centers for
advanced qualification enhancement
courses for those who already work also
we need to create favorable environment
for our youth talented the gifted as
well as the youth from other countries
will be willing to join our universities
we need to create the environment for
the students from abroad to come to
Russia for the sake of education and
then they should stay in Russia we
should make it attractive and not for
them when you turn the hands the
procedure for granting the citizenship
to foreign
you guys we should focus our attention
on those who are needed beyond the
healthy the well-educated they should
enjoy a simplified procedure for
citizenship acquisition colleagues to
ensure a breakthrough in growth put our
educational healthcare on to a new level
together with the infrastructure
services quality we need to allocate
huge amounts of budget money towards
these sectors we need to find additional
money but how are we going to do that
what will be the sources where we will
find the necessary amounts of money
first and foremost we should single out
our priorities enhancing the quality and
the efficiency of our work attracting
private investments to major projects
and the future government will need to
create a new taxation framework which
would be stable and cemented for the
several years to come
I would like to highlight the fact that
we need new fiscal solutions which would
help us to improve the budget income
together with the guarantee that we will
allocate enough to stimulate the growth
at the same time implemented over our
social obligations the economic growth
of Russia we need to develop Russia's
economic potential develop the potential
of every province this is the source for
the growth we need our economy to grow
above the world's average rate this is
not an easy task but this is not just
wishful thinking
this is a basic requirement for
achieving a breakthrough in addressing
our economic infrastructure and
defensive
goals this should be the top priority
for the next government with the
stabilized our economy we are less
dependent now
energy prices in there volatility we've
increased our international reserves
inflation is at an all-time low
a little over 2% of course we realize
that for a number of products prices
keep growing above the every tree and we
need to keep an eye on that now this I'm
referring to our anti-monopoly service
but on the whole of course this low
inflation offers additional
opportunities for us for development in
2015 just recently the inflation rate
was almost 13 percent twelve point nine
to be exact
currently Russia has a new macro
economic reality with a low inflation
and general stability of the economy for
people this offers opportunity to
increase their personal incomes and for
businesses this offers predictability
and cheaper loans so businesses should
get accustomed to this new economic
reality as well
finally this makes it possible to
attract long term loans for large-scale
infrastructure projects so now we can
keep inflation low act responsibly and
at the same time gradually reduce the
interest rate making loans more easily
accessible I hope that the Bank of
Russia will support me here as we
implement our monetary implementing its
monetary policy I expect the bank to
work in contact with the government
towards our common goal creating
conditions for further economic growth
to change the structure of our national
economy to make it more competitive we
need to use a fundamentally new approach
for our sources of growth where are
those sources first we need to increase
our productivity
we are still lagging behind in this
respect we need to increase productivity
at major and middle sized companies
industrial construction agriculture
trade Commerce zone we need growth rate
of at least 5% a year than by the end of
the next decade will be among the
world's leading economies increasing
productivity means increased salaries as
well
this means that demand will grow and
this in turn will provide an additional
driver for economic development we
should motivate companies to produce
technologically sophisticated goods we
need to revise our system of subsidies
and retarget them and to stimulate the
production of sophisticated units next
in attracting investment we had a goal
of increasing it to 25% of GDP and we
were unable to achieve this goal
unfortunately but we still have to get
there any cost I hope that the next
government and the Bank of Russia will
present a specific programme on how to
get there we need to modernize our
production facilities we need to get to
a level where on the average every other
company modernizes its production lines
in a year then we'll see specific
results from modernization the third
source of growth is developing small and
medium-sized businesses over the next
decade its contribution to Russia's GDP
should approach 40 percent and
employment levels should go from 19 to
25 million people one of the key
problems that businessmen are concerned
about is access to financial resources
currently the government has a special
program for small production companies
to get loans at 6 per 6.5
percent I think we should continue this
program and we need to make this
instrument really available to
businessman and another source of growth
this is developing non commodity exports
we need to remove all administrative
barriers and create the most favorable
regime for companies that export goods
over the next six years we have to
double our non commodity exports to two
hundred and fifty billion dollars we
should increase engineering products to
fifty billion dollars in exports 100
billion rubles in tourism and medical
services and so on in the early
knowledge we depended highly on food
imports now the situation is drastically
different we now have to take the next
step over the next four years we plan to
export more food items then we import we
need to work on the beef and processed
foods we need to supply Russia with with
vegetables and dairy products
agricultural developments of course
relies on the big companies but this
should not engage in smaller businesses
and people who work there we need to
support family farms support farmers we
need to develop agricultural
cooperatives create necessary conditions
in rural areas but of course we all know
that we have certain problems every now
and then that involve people's interests
we should be close attention to such
situations but once again I would like
to thank our farmers and the workers of
the agricultural industry for the bum
crop we had this year 134 million tonnes
this is more more grain then the record
for the Soviet Union this was in 1978
they had the record crop of 127 point 4
million tons of grain in one year and
these days we regularly have crops over
100 million tons of course there is a
downside to such crops prices go down
there are problems with storage and
transporting grain to support our
producers we've introduced lower tariffs
for railroad transportation of grain
until July 1st 2018 we need to consider
similar measures for the future and we
should help with the purchasing grain in
remote areas like the Urals in areas
that are far from seaports we need to
create added value you need to offer
your products to animal forms we will
certainly discuss these issues with the
agricultural workers at the agricultural
forum that we'll have in March and based
on that we will come up with additional
support measures for the agricultural
industry colleagues for the economy to
work at its full capacity we need to
improve the business climate we need to
ensure the highest level of the business
freedoms and competition the rate of
government involvement in the economy
should steadily decrease in recent years
due to improvements in the banking
sphere and I really support this process
government acquired a number of
financial assets but we should market
those and sell them off we should get
rid of everything that helps corrupted
people in the government institutions
and law enforcement to put pressure on
businesses the Criminal Code should no
longer
used as a tool in economic disputes such
disputes such disputes should go through
administrative and court resolution I
would ask to set up a working group that
would include the Supreme Court
prosecution service representatives of
the business community and come up with
specific proposals on this subject
because you cannot resolve such matters
straight away but we certainly need to
consider the situation and come up with
certain solutions and we need to do this
as soon as possible at the same time
from no law should be applied and
relentlessly to you those who violate
personal rights and property rights
friendly takeover is unfair competition
2x evasion embezzlement and such things
and other important subjects inspections
on the one hand the number of
inspections has been reduced but if this
is a formality when we talk to
businessmen they tell us that the
situation hasn't really changed and
inspections should be a rare occasion
this should only apply to high risk high
risk places in other places we should
have a system of remote control and for
the future we need to implement a risk
oriented inspection system we need to
support up-and-coming businessmen help
people to make their first step they
should be able to start a company with
one click get alone remotely through the
internet self-employed people we use
digital services should not should be
able to register automatically
businessmen who use cash registered
should enjoy facilitated a regime of
reporting these seemed like routine
things but these are the things that
stop them from developing further we
need to do our best to remove all get
rid of all the red tape introduction of
digital platforms and technology will
make this system more transparent I
would like to appeal now to all Russian
businessmen to people who have family
form small companies innovative
companies or maybe a large industrial
facility I know I know we still have a
lot of things that we need to do and I
assure you we'll do our best to make
sure that our businessmen have all the
necessary opportunities for in
developing their companies and creating
new jobs but at the same time I really
expect that Russian business people will
also make a greater contribution to
breakthrough development of our country
and people will respect businessman more
this is also very important colleagues
in addition to developing modern
services for business people we need to
make this whole system more comfortable
transparent and easier to understand the
whole system of interaction between the
government and people in the government
and our citizens we've created a network
of centers where you can go and get
government services through one one-stop
system one desk system and now we need
to take the next step over the next six
years all government services should be
available in real-time or email please
we should also digitalize document
circulation between government
institutions this would be important
both for government institutions and for
people so they don't have to run between
two places you can get everything at one
place and digitalization of the entire
system of governance making
more transparent will also help us to
fight corruption government officials
that all levels should be interested in
increasing their efficiency they should
pursue specific results you know we keep
talking about corruption but government
officials I have to say this most
government officials most public
servants are a good result oriented
people but what I just said will help
everybody those who work in the
government service and also people who
use government services we need to
revamp the entire system of government
services based on project oriented
method of work of course we need to
provide personnel for government
services for business science production
facilities in all different areas we had
the first leaders of Russia contest and
we have other initiatives to support
young professionals volunteers college
students high school students that they
bring together thousands of young people
from all over Russia this is an
important step in their lives in their
professional careers I'd like to
emphasize one thing for all those who
want to work and who want to serve their
country there are people for those
Russia will always be a land of
opportunity this is the strong
foundation of our further development
all the projects all the priorities I
mentioned today spatial development
investing in infrastructure education
healthcare environment protection new
technology science supporting young
talented people all that pursues one
strategic goal
breakthrough development of Russia at
the same time of course we should not
forget about security colleagues
increase the opportunities with the
Armed Forces today we've done a lot to
strengthen our army and our Navy our
armed forces are equipped with modern
weaponry today the level of the rate of
modern weaponry increased by three point
seven times we have adopted 300 new
models of weaponry providing our armed
forces with 18 new ICBMs hunter and two
submarine based ballistic missiles with
commission three new nuclear submarines
of the beret class twelve ballistic
missile regiments have been equipped
with yars missiles we've increased the
number of high-precision long-range
missiles by a factor of 12 and aerospace
forces our ground forces in our Navy
have significantly increased their
capabilities the entire country the
entire world is familiar today with the
names of our newest air defense systems
fighter jets land-based systems these
are new high-precision weapons systems
developed in recent years
Russia's borders and this is very
important we have network operators and
the the we had the system during the
Soviet years but then after the Soviet
Union disintegrated it was lost now we
were able to restore it we have now a
new command in the Far East the number
of contract soldiers increased by 2.4
times and we've increased the our
military units a nominal man that over
90% the waiting period for military
housing has been reduced by a factor of
6 and now the most important thing for
this section for defence I'll talk about
newest systems of strategic weaponry
that we have created as a response to
the u.s. unilaterally withdrawing from
the ABM Treaty and deploying this system
in the US and also in other countries
around the world I would like to go back
to history in 2000 the United States
told us about its plans to withdraw from
the ABM Treaty Russia objected to this
categorically and we believe that the
treaty the ABM 1972 treaty was a
cornerstone in the international
security architecture according to this
treaty both sides was entitled to heaven
in just one area protected against a
missile attack now Russia deployed this
system around Moscow and the u.s. around
Grand Forks area where they had their
missiles this treaty created an
atmosphere of trust between our
countries and also protected us against
the used unilateral use of nuclear
weapons by one of the two sides
but I'm telling you again Sarah this
will make the oppressor vulnerable to a
retaliatory strike so we talked during
the Americans persuading them not to
upset the strategic balance but it
didn't help in 2002 the United States
unilaterally withdrew from the ABM
Treaty and for a long time after that we
tried to have a constructive dialogue
with the Americans we suggested working
together in this area and at a certain
point it seemed to me that we could
achieve a compromise but no all our
proposals all our proposals were
rejected then we said that in order to
ensure our security
we'll have to improve our modern strike
capabilities in a response day said that
the United States were not developing
missile defense capabilities against
Russia so it's up to you you can do what
you want
we'll just believe that you're not doing
this against the United States where did
this come from
basically it's obvious after the
collapse of the Soviet Union Russia
which they identified with the Soviet
Union this is what they called it in the
West the Soviet Russia they said
speaking about our national motors a
Russia lost 23.8% of its territory
48.5% of its population 41 percent of
GDP nine point four percent of its
industrial potential almost have forty
four point six percent of the defensive
capabilities because the armed forces of
the Soviet Union were divided between a
former Soviet republics our modern
military equipment was obsolete and the
armed forces were in a pitiful condition
so we had a civil war going on in the
Caucasus and our leading uranium
enrichment facilities had
u.s. inspectors working there and at a
certain point it was a big question
whether we will be able to develop
strategic weaponry at all whether some
even asked whether Russia was capable of
servicing nuclear weapons we inherited
from the Soviet Union Russia was deep in
dead and unable to fund its Armed Forces
and our partners probably believed that
the the resurgence of the economy and
the defense sector of the economy our
country would be impossible in the near
future and thus there was no need to
take Russia's views into consideration
they decided that they should push
forward and achieve unilateral dominance
so they can dictate their will in all
the other areas as well this position
this kind of logic is understandable
based on the reality we had back then
it's our own fault after the United
States withdrew from the ABM Treaty for
fifteen years we did our best to bring
the Americans back to these discussions
about strategic stability and we were
able to achieve a few things we've
signed the New START treaty in 2010
between Russia in the United States on
further reductions of strategic
offensive arms yet when implementing
these plans to build the global missile
defense systems all the agreements that
we achieved as a part of the New START
treaty were undermine and devalued
because as the number of nuclear charges
gets reduced one party namely the United
States increases the number of
interceptor missiles improved their
characteristics create new deployment
areas for their interceptor missiles and
eventually we do nothing
Russia's nuclear potential will be fully
undermine they will be able to
uninterrupted all our ballistic missiles
and in spite of all our products the
u.s. machine is working at full speed
the conveyor is running full speed
they've deployed missile defense systems
in Alaska and California as a result of
NATO eastward expansion they've set up
new to areas in Romania and Poland the
range of interceptor missiles will keep
growing they have plans to deploy such
missiles in Japan and South Korea there
is also a sea-based group of five
cruisers and 30 destroyers deployed in
the areas close to Russia without any
exaggeration I can say that they are
working on this project at full speed so
what have we done
apart from protesting and warning how
did Russia respond to this challenge
here's what we did after the United
States withdrew from the ABM Treaty
unilaterally we've been working hard to
create new promising weaponry systems
and this enabled us to make a big step
forward creating new strategic arms us
Global missile defense systems is mainly
against ballistic missiles ballistic
missiles this is the core of our nuclear
deterrent just like with other nuclear
powers this is where Russia has been
developing a very modest price-wise but
extremely effective systems to defeat
missile defense and all our ICBMs are
equipped with such system now
also we have developed a new generation
of missiles namely apparently the
defense ministry works together with
defense companies in the space industry
and they're testing a new missile system
that uses a heavy ICBM we called it
Sarmad this new system will replace the
old body water system that we had during
the Soviet period and boy what was
considered a highly effective weapon our
foreign partners even used a different
name for it but Sarmad is a much more
powerful system with a payload of 200
tons is hard to be intercepted by
missile defense capabilities the range
of this new missile and the number of
warheads is higher than with what a
Sarmad will be equipped with sunny high
yield assistance with capabilities for
beating missile defense systems this new
system can be used under any conditions
let's now watch a video
we would learn little boy water had the
range of eleven thousand kilometers and
with Sarmad with the new system there is
no range limitation you can see from
this video it can attack any target
through the North Pole or through the
varieties South Pole it is a powerful
weapon and no missile defense system
will be able to withstand it but even
this is not at the end we've developed
the new strategic weapons that don't use
ballistic trajectory at all which means
that missile defense will be useless
against it this is what I'm going to
tell you about now this new kind of
weapon promising weapons systems that
Russia has developed using new unique
technology designed by our engineers one
of such system is a small super-powerful
nuclear energy system that can be
deployed in a cruise missile like x101
a Russian missile or US made Tomahawk
missile yea its range will be like 10
times higher which means there is
basically no limit to its range it's a
small missile with the unlimited range
and unpredictable trajectory that can
avoid all intercept barriers cannot be
intercepted by existing or future
missile defense systems late in 2017 at
the central testing ground of the
Russian Federation we had a successful
test launch of this newest cruise
missile with the nuclear power energy
unit
and it achieved altitude so now after
the successful test we can start
manufacturing this new kind of weapon a
strategic nuclear weapon system within
missile carrying a nuclear power energy
unit let's now watch this video
at the regression but on the magazine
this is how it would defense barriers it
has unlimited range so it can keep going
like this forever maneuvering
as you understand this is unheard of and
nobody else has such a system in the
world they may create something similar
in the future but by that time our guys
will come up with new ideas as well next
we all know that apparently the whole
world were accepted Leone drones
we have unmanned submarines that move at
ultra deep levels Intercontinental II
with a speed that is much much higher
than the speed of modern submarines
torpedoes and even the fastest surface
ships this is just fantastic these
vehicles are noiseless and there is no
defense system in the world today that
can cope with such subsurface vehicles
they can be equipped with conventional
or nuclear weapons attacking coastal
defences and infrastructure facilities
December 2017 we've completed testing
this new innovative nuclear propulsion
system for this unmanned subsurface
vehicle it's extremely small and at the
same time its size is 100 times less
than a regular submarine and at the same
time it's more powerful and it takes two
hundred times less time to get to the
launch site this enabled us to develop
new nuclear systems equipped with the
new nuclear are charges let's watch the
next video now
by the way by the way the names for
these two new systems nuclear weaponry
the cruise missile the global cruise
missile and this subsurface unmanned
vehicle we don't have the names for them
yet so you can send in your proposals to
the website of the Defense Ministry the
country with high level of science and
economic development of working on
hypersonic weapon systems hypersonic
settlements is measured in mass named
after the Austrian scientist Ernst Mach
a 162 kilometers at the altitude of 11
kilometers it's one to five marks it's
super sound from above
five max its hypersonic these weapons
are extremely powerful military experts
say this is the future and this makes
vulnerable interceptor missiles are not
able to catch up with hypersonic
missiles this is why the world's leading
armies want to have this weapon system
friends Russia now has such a weapon
we already have it we've developed a new
hypersonic system air based system I
think you understand by now that nothing
similar exists anywhere in the world
we've successfully tested this new
system in on December 1st 2017 this
system is already operational in the
southern Military District it's on
combat duty unique specifications of
this new system will enable us to
deliver the missile to its target in
just a matter of few minutes this
hypersonic missile travels at the speed
of more than 10 mark you know some
maneuver overcoming all the existing and
I think even the future air defense and
missile defense systems delivering its
payload within the range of 2,000
kilometers with conventional and nuclear
charges we gave this system the name of
angel dagger let's watch the next video
now
no issue if you but even this is not the
end
last i-i'm technology just give a real
technology breakthrough we've created a
new missile strategy system that uses a
fundamentally new it's lighting block
cruise lock we've successfully tested
this new system as well we've repeatedly
warned the US and European NATO members
that we will take steps to neutralize
threats that arise from the deployment
of their missile defense system we said
this publicly and in our bilateral talks
in 2004 when for the first time ever we
tested this system which I'm just going
to describe now yes meeting with the
media I said I don't feel good quoting
myself but it would be appropriate today
I said as the military potential of our
other countries grows called truly and
quantitatively Russia needs to have a
new generation of weapons so I'm pleased
to inform you after certain experiments
we staged during these military
exercises which were successful we are
sure that soon Russia strategic missile
forces and we'll have a new system
capable of destroying intercontinental
targets with hypersonic speed and high
precision able to maneuver in terms of
both its course and altitude every word
of what I just said is important there
are no such systems currently anywhere
in the world and of quote
of course every word here is important
because we talked about missiles that
are capable of bypass and avoiding
defensive barriers we made no secret of
our plans we spoke openly of what we
were about to do we wanted to motivate
our counterparts this was in 2004 like I
said amazing but despite of all
difficulties that we faced over the
years economic and financial problems
problems with our defense industry with
our armed forces Russia remain of
meeting nuclear power but nobody wanted
to talk to us seriously
they kept ignoring us nobody listened to
us so listen to us now
that's about thank you
attack so this system is different from
other existing systems because it can go
to dance straddle the atmosphere at the
hypersonic speeds 20 mark anymore
this gliding grooves block is capable of
deep maneuvers collateral several
thousand kilometers and also altitude
wise which makes it completely
invulnerable for any missile defense
systems it uses new composite materials
which resolves the problem of controlled
long-range flight in plasma industries
it goes like a matter right towards its
target like the fireball temperature on
the surface of this weapon reaches 2,000
degrees centigrade and at the same time
it is still completely under control now
the operator let's watch the video
Siwan ethnic origin for obvious reasons
we can't show you today what the actual
system looks like this is this is
important today I think this is obvious
to everybody but I can assure you that
all these things really exist and all
these things work very well what's more
our defense companies have launched mass
production of this new system this new
strategic weapon system we gave this new
system the name of avant-garde Vanguard
we know well that there is a number of
countries developing new weapon systems
that use new physics principles and even
here we are one step ahead of everybody
else at least in the key areas we have
achieved significant results in
developing laser weapons and this is not
just some theory some of the plans and
that's just the beginning stages of
production last year we started
equipping our military units with combat
laser systems I won't go into details be
premature
but specialists know what I'm talking
about such systems significantly augment
Russia's military capabilities now let's
watch this video now
yeah for those interested in motor
systems for those interested in military
systems I would suggest I would ask you
to send in your proposals for a name for
this new new system of course we will
keep working fine-tuning holding these
new weapon systems and of course I
didn't tell you about everything all the
new things we are working on but that's
enough for today and I would like to
emphasize one thing in particular I
would like to emphasize one thing in
particular these systems that we have
developed them continue to develop these
new strategic arms is not something we
just inherited from the Soviet Union of
course we used some of the ideas that
our predecessors developing during the
Soviet period and basically all the
things I told you about today are newest
developments things that we design in
just recent years we had dozens of
design bureaus and research centers
working on these things quietly calmly
without making a show they worked hard
for a number of years on these projects
thousands of people working on these
things
thousands of excellent researchers
scientists engineers who love what they
do workers including a lot of young
people they all just like our servicemen
valiantly in combat conditions they're
the true heroes of our time
right now I would like to address all
those people I would like to tell you we
will certainly give you awards and
benefits and so on and I met you
personally many times I know this is not
what you're working for you just care
about insuring our country's security so
as the head of state as the leader of
Russia I would like to thank you for
everything you did for our country this
is precisely what our country needed
today all these new military systems are
based will later be used in high-tech
civilian products but I would like to
mention one thing specifically this
unique weapon systems can only be
developed designed and developed in a
state that has the highest level of
fundamental science and research centers
industrial facilities labor force and
you can see now that Russia has all
these assets we will continue developing
this potential and we will focus on the
large-scale issues that we face today in
our economy in the social sphere
infrastructure and such successful
development of our country will always
be well protected
each of these weapons system is unique
in its own way but it's even more
important that all these systems added
together will enable our defense
ministry and our general staff to
develop a future defense system for our
country where each weapon system will
play its own role in addition to
existing weapon systems strategic arms
which we will also continue modernizing
a
will now get a new defense system what
will secure our country's security in
the long term of course we still have to
do a lot of things in reforming our
military but even today we can
confidently say that Russia now has a
modern compact considering the size of
our country's army and the core of this
army are its loyal and committed
military officers
equipment military assistance sooner or
later
other countries around the world may
have that as well and we are not
concerned by that we have these new
systems and we'll have even better
systems in the future but the key thing
nobody has such people as Rahman
fillable for example they will never
have such people as pilot Rahman too
little
not huge I hope all these things I have
said today will sober up any potential
aggressor and unfriendly steps taken
towards Russia like deploying missile
defense system expanding the ADA moving
it closer to our borders militarily this
is no longer effective financially this
is unjustifiable and eventually this is
just nonsensical for the people who do
this all the things I told you about gee
we have to inform our counterparts
because of the commitments we've made
internationally earlier and our defence
ministry and foreign ministry will
discuss this issue in the future with
our partners if they're interested you
know doing so I will only say that all
this work has been conducted by us
within the limits of current arms
control treaties we're not violating
anything and I'd like to emphasize
specifically that this military power is
not to threaten anybody we have no plans
here we have ever had plans to be an
aggressor and attack anybody we have
never had any plans to attack anybody
we are not going to take anything away
from anybody we have everything we need
on the contrary I'd like to emphasize
and this is very important
Russia's growing military power is just
a guarantee of peace on our planet
because this military might will
preserve the strategic balanced balance
of forces in the world which has always
been a key factor of international
security after World War Two to this day
those who have been creating new arms
race over the 15 years imposing unlawful
restrictions and sanctions on Russia to
hold our country back including
militarily to all those I would like to
say
all the things you were trying to hold
back all the things have already
happened you were unable to hold Russia
back
now you have to face the facts you have
to make sure that I'm not bluffing and
I'm not bluffing you have to get rid of
the people who cannot look into the
future and keep living in the past and
stop rocking the boat we called the
planet Earth and let me say one more
thing we are very much concerned by the
new Nuclear Posture review recently
published in the United States that
reduced the threshold of using nuclear
weapons of course you can tell us to
come down on officially off the record
but we are looking at the official
document and it says that now nuclear
weapons can be used in response even to
cyber threats well I would like to say
that Russia will only use nuclear
weapons when nuclear weapons are used
against Russia or against its allies or
in case of a direct aggression against
Russia with conventional weapons that
poses an existential threat to our
nation it's very clear and specific so I
have to say the following any use of
nuclear weapons against Russia or its
allies small range medium range any kind
of attack will be regarded as a nuclear
attack against Russia and in response we
will take action instantaneously no
matter what the consequences are
you innate nobody should have any doubt
about that don't create new threats for
the world on the country you should come
to the negotiating table and think
together on their new international
security system that will provide for
steady development of the world in the
future we have talked to you about this
on many occasions and we remain open for
that our policy will never be based on
exceptionalism we just protect our
interests and we also respect other
countries interests based on
international law we think that the
United Nations should play the leading
role it is because of this approach that
we can have equal relations with most
countries around the world as an example
I can mention our strategic partnership
with the People's Republic of China our
strategic relationship with India we
have new trends in our relations with
many countries around the world
Russia is actively working with
international organizations we are
developing new groupings and structures
like the CST or Shanghai Cooperation
Organization brief g20 APEC we're
interested in proper constructive
relationship with the United States and
European Union we hope that common sense
will prevail and our partners will make
their choice in favor of equal and just
cooperation even if we disagree on some
things still we remain partners we have
to face difficult challenges together
today we have to build a future world
which comes increasingly integrated we
see integration taking place all over
the world together with our partners in
Iraq will make a globally competitive
grouping of countries we'll soon have a
common energy market common oil market
will harmonize our financial markets and
customer services will continue
working on grade-a Eurasian partnership
colleagues the whole world is going
through a turning point today and a
country that is open for transformations
will be the next leader our people have
always been like that at an important
stages of our history in the past 30
years we've implemented transformations
the kind of transformations that will
take centuries with other countries we
are pursuing our own on our own policy
we stay together we'll always be like
that our unity in the upcoming years
we should reinforce the unit even more
so that we would work as one team which
understands that we need changes we must
introduce changes and which we'll be
ready to get with experienced competent
skills and talent to achieve common with
goals one it grows the challenges the
problems they bring to our life muley
news we need to be courageous and brave
we need to make the responsibilities and
the obligations stronger better
benefiting our family our people our
country changing the life you do the
better creating Russia which we are
dreaming of than the upcoming DK is the
whole 21st century will be the time by
the our victories of our who speak a
common success and I believe that this
is going to be the case
thank you
I see what you thank you
I see well thank you
