the Russian Olympic Committee has
confirmed that it has been reinstated as
an official member of the International
Olympic Committee artist Nadira Tudor
has the details this is big news from
Russia as we all know the country's been
at the center of a long-running doping
scandal accused of state-sponsored
cheating and the repercussions of this
have been huge one of the biggest was
Russia being kicked out of the
International Olympic Committee the IOC
so this latest decision to reinstate it
to the club is a key milestone as the
head of the Russian Olympic Committee
points out the reinstatement was tied to
the full doping check of Russian
athletes who participated in the Winter
Olympics the letter we received today
says the IOC is able to confirm all
remaining results of the Olympic
athletes from Russia are negative the
IOC's ban meant many of Russia's
experienced athletes were unable to
compete at the Winter Olympics in
Pyeongchang this meant of course that
those who were allowed to compete should
only do so under a neutral olympic flag
and they were mainly newcomers
nevertheless they won 17 medals overall
now if we go back to the events leading
up to the decision to reinstate Russia
to the IOC there were expectations that
it would have happened during the Winter
Olympics themselves but there was a
problem two russian competitors failed
drugs tests another consequence to those
positive tests was Russia being banned
from waving the country's flag during
the closing ceremony initially they were
going to be allowed but the privilege
was taken away however it's now hope the
past is behind it
competitions planned to take place in
Russia are not under any threat well for
the contents I'm preparing for those
tournaments the right to which Russia
already obtained so Russia is once again
an active member of the International
Olympic Committee but it is not the end
of the road yet there are still two
issues which remain unfulfilled
situation of compliance was renewed that
the Euro Saada is still non-compliant
there's still a way to go because the
Russian anti-doping agency resada is
still banned by the world anti-doping
agency or wada
we sada lost its accreditation and that
is yet to be reinstated that's an
ongoing saga as Russia disputes the
legitimacy of the Maclaren report which
detailed Russia's alleged systematic
system of state-sponsored doping
accusations Russia has always denied and
wada
has been insistent that to move forward
Russia must accept the findings of the
McLaren report
this is stalemate and it doesn't look
like either side is yet willing to back
down but for now with the IOC s decision
it means Russia's Olympic athletes will
be able to compete under their own flag
and play their national anthem when they
win medals a huge deal for competitors
and the country they represent
Nadira Tudor RT former footballer and RT
host thank Allah more discussed exactly
this announcement with Alexei Ciroc in
his head of the 2018 FIFA World Cup
Russia organising committee justice
prevails that's that's my only emotion I
think that's it's only it's only just
that that after we complied with every
requirement that was that has been put
forward no matter what we think about
this requirement but Russia has complied
and justice has been done to us and very
happy that our athletes will will not
complete completely compete with with
their proper uniform and with their
proper flag we also discuss the issue
with Russia based sports show host Alan
Moore who believes the focus of
anti-doping agencies will now shift away
from Russia to their own respective
countries they're trying to get back on
Russia's good side because there are a
lot of things that's where I still
coming out so I think that in order to
quieten things down up and prepare for
greater waves ahead in the sports ocean
that Russia needs to be brought back
into the fold so that basically they
could calm the situation down a little
bit right now there are dissenting
voices there are people who are a little
bit angry that is too soon Russia
doesn't deserve it they would say it in
any case and no punishment would be too
harsh for Russia in there from their
point of view simply because as long as
the Russians are the bad ones their
houses all seem in order but now we've
got to start to look around and see who
else is a little bit dirty
