the Afghan president has called on the
Taliban to join talks to bring peace and
stability to the country and he promised
to recognize the terror group is a
legitimate political power to the
Taliban leadership and every other
Taliban members accept peace accepted
with honor and come together so we can
make this country safe and secure while
the Taliban has yet to respond to the
invitation but about two weeks ago the
group issued a statement calling for
peace and urging US Congressmen to
pressure the Trump administration into
negotiations it came response to Trump
xxx declaration ruling out any
possibility of peace talks between
Washington and the Taliban there's no
talking to the Taliban we don't want to
talk to the Taliban we're going to
finish what we have to finish what
nobody else has been able to finish
we're going to be able to do it ok well
let's get some reaction now with that
political analyst Muslim Shahzad he's
with us good afternoon to Muslim thanks
for coming on firstly president Trump
there said he doesn't want talks with
the Taliban the US State Department
echoed that yesterday too are you
surprised
well thanks for having me I'm not
surprising about ongoing policy after
Unitas is because you know it is a kind
of zig zag which days they change the
policy toward Afghanistan I'm going to
talk and fight against the insurgent
group like the Taliban and it's also
inside of the country which supported by
United States also another kind of the
policy which we cleared that you're
fighting with the Taliban are going to
peace with the group because about two
or three weeks before when did with the
Taliban's term in the capital of
Afghanistan Kabul President Ghani said
about the revenge but now he has in
Kabul said that we are going to give a
wide spread of atmosphere for the
Taliban to come to the table and
negotiate what has so I think an high
level which Afghan government supported
by the Washington also there is not
clear strategy toward a fight our peace
of Afghan conflict and also inside of
the country which President Ghani once
again changes mind and said about the
peace and giving opportunities for the
insurgent group like Taliban do you
think the Taliban now will actually
accept that invitation by the Afghan
government to sit down and talk
very briefly no because why the Taliban
after 17 years should come to the table
with a government which the Taliban said
they didn't have anything to to do with
their self otherwise the United States
is going to decide peace and Conflict of
Afghanistan and the other issue I don't
think that the Afghan government
especially prison Ghani and in ug
national unity government can be tackled
the ongoing issues because when you can
do and compromise with your cabinet
ministers I'm in prison - Afghani how
you can convince a group like Taliban
where they fight it seventeen years had
they controlled the territory for five
years and now they have support of
several countries to capture a table so
the big question is do you have this
authority to do and forward peace talks
I think no because United States is
inside the country and they decide they
should talk with the Taliban or they
should fight with the Taliban so in this
case Taliban also clearly said in the
recent open letter to US politicians
that we want to talk with you not with
the Afghan government mm okay yeah it's
a complicated situation Muslim we
appreciate your time this afternoon that
was with him Muslim she said a political
analyst thank you
