the German Chancellor Angela Merkel has
acknowledged the problem of so-called
no-go zones in the country for the first
time during her tenure in office
Arty's Peter Oliver picks up the story
we've seen an unexpected change of tack
from Angela Merkel when it comes to talk
of no-go areas in Germany there should
not be any no-go zones there can be no
places where nobody dares to go but
these zones exist and they should be
named and something must be done about
it
Merkel hadn't previously used the
incendiary phrase no-go area to describe
parts of the country with a high crime
rate but that rate has been going up the
government's own figures released
earlier this year point to a 10 percent
rise in violent crime between 2015 and
2016 90 percent of which was attributed
to young male refugees there was
criticism last year of the way the
German media covered the refugee crisis
a highly respected group of researchers
said this editors acted as public
educators and that the whole refugee
crisis and the arrival of hundreds of
thousands of people was covered and too
favorable alight
SOT Kevin
the only people who had been talking
about no-go areas were alternative for
Germany and they were roundly mocked for
doing so can you as a woman walk alone
on Vash our street on a weekend evening
would you dare walk past Vash our or
nearby streets and then they say and
make it look like we're the aggressive
ones and say bad things about the city
no what we do is look at things in
perspective what we do is simply address
facts and facts only ladies and
gentlemen but here's the thing in order
to secure a ruling coalition Angela
Merkel has been trying to win over the
right wing of her conservative alliances
she tries to secure that fourth term as
Chancellor and she may well be thinking
that taking a step toward the social
policy of alternative for Germany could
help get those hardliners back on side
with her Peter Oliver RT Berlin
according to local media it's the bigger
cities in Germany that are the worst hit
with her criminals taking over entire
neighborhoods it's not uncommon for
police to come under physical assault in
such areas which are reportedly run by
ethnic criminal gangs political
scientist Verna pan salt says some
neighborhoods are no longer recognizable
it's not no longer the case that every
person can move freely around just as he
or in particular she wants because we
have neighborhoods in cities which look
not like being a Germany but like in a
different country if you look at some
cities like the northern parts of s or
of total moon like parts of two-spot
like parts of Pauline then for some
neighborhoods it's really a problem and
this truth is not quite welcome but to
be frank on this point we have the same
problem arising out of drug criminality
but immigration is a part of the whole
problematic phenomenon
