the bombshell best seller fire and fury
reportedly used numerous tricks to gain
revelations about the Trump
administration including author Michael
Wolfe claiming to the White House that
the book and its title would be much
more favorable and apparently it's not
the only trick up his sleeve is wolf
appeared to demonstrate when confronted
with an extremely uncomfortable question
about his claims he wrote the book that
President Trump didn't want you to buy
so you did Michael Wolfe Michael Wolfe
Michael Wolf the author of fire and fury
joins me now Michael Wolfe welcome
Michael walk
you said during a TV interview just last
month that you are absolutely sure that
Donald Trump is currently having an
affair
just last week power and you backflipped
and said I quote I do not know if the
president is having an affair do you owe
the President and the First Lady an
apology mr. wolf I can't hear you
do you either the president and the
first lady an apology mr. wolf I can't
hear you Joe hello last month you said
you were absolutely sure that the
president was having an affair I mean
I'm not getting it I'm not getting
anything you don't hearing me mister I'm
not getting anything
