a UN Security Council resolution
regarding Yemen that was suggested by
Russia has been adopted unanimously on
Monday Russia had vetoed a draft
resolution that condemned Iran over
actions in the war-torn country Aarti
Samira Khan reports Russia's draft
resolution has passed unanimously in the
Security Council today they met to
discuss the ongoing situation in Yemen
and to vote on two rival draft
resolutions one proposed by the UK and
the other by Russia the UK draft
resolution called for quote additional
measures against Iran over accusations
that it violated an arms embargo now
this came after UN experts said in
January that Iranian military equipment
was brought into Yemen after the arms
embargo was imposed but also stated that
they were unable to verify the supplier
and Russia's draft resolution called for
the renewal of sanctions until February
2019 but did not mention Iran the
Russian ambassador called for political
dialogue and expressed the need for the
UN to come closer he also explained the
reasoning behind the veto let's take a
quick look I will be frank the wording
advanced in the British draft is liable
to have dangerous destabilizing
ramifications and this is not only
applicable to the situation in Yemen but
also to the region overall this will
inevitably escalate regional tensions
and lead to conflict among key regional
players instead of antagonizing
relations in the Middle East what we
need are measures to seek consensus
through mutually respectful dialogue in
contrast the US and UK feel that Iran
should be condemned and that Russia
China Bolivia and Kazakhstan shielded
Iran from responsibility let's check out
what the u.s. had to say Russia Bolivia
China Kazakhstan sent an opposite bit
equally clear message instead of
demanding accountability from Iran they
decided to shield Tehran from
responsibility instead of insisting that
Iran live up to its international
obligations they have invited Iran to
continue promoting chaos in the Middle
East their actions will not be forgotten
and we will not stop until Tehran is
stopped and peace is once more possible
for the people of the Middle East
for some context the crisis in Yemen
started in 2015 when Saudi Arabia led a
military campaign against the Houthis
and since then the campaign has left to
the deaths of thousands and reduced its
infrastructure to almost nothing the
conflict has been described as the
world's worst humanitarian crisis as
Saudi Arabia has imposed a blockade
preventing any humanitarian assistance
or food from coming into the country
it'll be interesting to see if the
adoption of the Russian resolution will
polarize the UN Security Council even
further former adviser to Iran's nuclear
negotiating team cavae Afra CRB says the
UK's proposal was not constructive in
resolving Yemen's problems this was a
very divisive resolution put forth by
the UK that essentially got into this
blame game when the situation the Daiya
mana terian catastrophic situation in
Yemen calls for a very rational
political process in light of the
selection of a new special envoy by the
UN on Yemen come next month so III think
that Russia's move was very sensible and
rational and it was twined with this
other resolution that Russia drafted on
extending the reach the sanction regime
on on Yemen so I really think that the
UN safeguarded itself from another wrong
wrong step that would have activated the
situations that have helped helping it
