Milton's in the Eastern Goethe district
of Syria are indiscriminately shelling
the capital Damascus according to
Russia's Defense Ministry that's despite
the United Nations voting on Saturday to
implement a ceasefire our war
correspondent Murad gas D F was here in
the studio earlier with the details
Russian reconciliation Center ceasefire
monitoring center in Syria says that
over the last 24 hours rebels in East
guta launched no less than 31 shelves
into Damascus and I know what that looks
like every time we've stayed in Damascus
every time we've been in Damascus we
have heard those shells landing all over
the capital all over Damascus because
East gouta is the last rebel stronghold
in the vicinity of the capital the last
stranglehold you know the resident
revolutions echoes because all other
enclaves around the capital have been
retaken by the Syrian government
nevertheless these these incidents of
shelling they're very random they
shelled blindly you know a shell might
land in a market at might land in a
military base and a hospital or a
government building and usually there's
a lot of casualties over the last 24
hours of dozen casualties say Syrian
authorities but the rebels in East gouta
Jaysh al-islam the army of Islam which
holds which is the most powerful rebel
group in East gouta it says that it is
abiding by the ceasefire says that it is
being shelled and bombed by the Syrian
government and that is indeed happening
there are airstrikes from what we've
gathered from the various reports there
are airstrikes on going against east
vote against Jaysh al-islam the army of
Islam but the Syrians are saying that
you know the rebels are shooting at us
and the rebels are saying the Syrians
are shooting at us so there's no
ceasefire to speak of quite yet the
Russian defence ministry also said that
according to its sources armed groups in
eastern Gudda are preparing to use
chemical weapons in order to provoke
outside forces into attacking the Syrian
government political science professor
magnet Boris believes terrorists the
terrorists have no intention of
respecting the ceasefire it's my
Eve to say we have to stop violence
overnight and ceasefire overnight simply
because all the parties involved have
interests to continue on with this
violence terrorist groups have
instructions to escalate violence
terrorist groups are in the state of
desperate they are so desperate that's
why I can believe that they they can use
chemical weapons as the last card on the
table
