US House Intelligence Committee has just
released a Democratic Party memo
countering Republican claims of FBI
surveillance abuses that's despite
objections from the White House which
earlier said the memo should not be
released as a contains sensitive
material it relates to the ongoing probe
into alleged of Russian meddling in the
2016 American presidential election now
the latest document accuses the
Republicans of trying to undermine the
FBI that's after the Republican memo
earlier this month
accused the FBI and the Justice
Department of securing a warrant to spy
on Donald Trump's presidential campaign
all right now after the memo was
released to Donald Trump tweeted the
Democrat memo response on government
surveillance abuses is a total political
and legal bust he went on to say that
the FBI failed to disclose that the
notorious Trump dossier was paid for by
the Clinton campaign and the Democratic
Party we should mention that it was
partially paid for it by them now
according to the Republicans the warrant
to spy on the Trump campaign was based
on unverified claims made in that
dossier written by the former British
spy Christopher Steele however according
to the Democrat memo the FBI probe long
predated the receipt of Steele's
information now for some insight on this
story we can now bring in political
analyst at John Griffin thanks for being
with us here on the RT international
what a day I mean the memo wars continue
I guess so
as we just heard Donald Trump claims
this democratic memo actually vindicates
him and confirms that the surveillance
against him was illegal I don't think
the Democrats see it that way do you
think he's right well yes he's
absolutely correct because in the
Democrat memo which is a few pages long
all they all they do is say that they
started their investigation without
evidence seven weeks to be precise prior
to getting the Steele dossier they
started their investigation if you
remember at the time Senator Dianne
Feinstein said we have to start an
investigation to find out why we have to
investigate never before in the annals
of jurisprudence have you ever seen an
investigation start without probable
cause
without sufficient evidence so they
essentially admitted to not having
evidence and to pursuing this
investigation without evidence and to
simply in other words they got lucky
with the Steele dossier at least they
thought they did and they used that
seven weeks in so you're not talking
about a long period of time between the
time that the Democrats initiated this
investigation and they used the steel
dossier it's not an eternity here now
this document claims that the Republican
memo was a transparent effort to
undermine the FBI the special counsel
and the Congress investigations and that
it risks public exposure of sensitive
sources for no legitimate purpose do you
think that these are fair accusations no
because the Democrats have advocating
releasing the same quote/unquote
sensitive sources when it vilifies and
targets Republicans this is simply a
partisan attempt to neutralize the the
extreme series of instances of
corruption here that have been exposed
by Republican efforts if you look at
what the FBI did for example with
Clinton they essentially let Clinton off
the hook for divulging major classified
information to the public through her
servers so this is not something that
the that the Republicans have done to
the FBI this is a culture of corruption
at the FBI and the FBI has done this to
itself now one of the key disputes here
is the role of the controversial Trump
or actually I should say Steele dossier
written by Christopher Steele which the
Republicans claim was the main reason
for the FBI probe the even the
Republican memo states that it was
actually information from George
papadopolis that started with that probe
so how important is this document
actually this steel got CIA that mean
well it was very important it the the
Democrat rebuttal all it says that the
steel dossier wasn't used until seven
weeks into the investigation
that's actually a very short window of
time what that means is they didn't have
sufficient evidence to start
investigation they started their
investigation and then latched on to the
steel dossier in order to make their
make their erroneous claims that Trump
was somehow selling out US elections to
Russia
now that's even worse than basing the
entire investigation on the steel
dossier that's essentially saying well
look we lucked out we got this Hillary
funded steel dossier midway in and we
put everything around that well that
doesn't make a better or stronger
argument that that Russia hacked US
elections as a matter of fact the entire
Democrat rebuttal is essentially a
series of no it isn't of contradictions
of contrarian claims they're saying no
it isn't no we didn't do this no we
didn't abuse US intelligence gathering
processes but yes they did and it wasn't
just Carter page there were multiple
instances of unmasking improper
unmasking of trump officials of Trump
campaign officials so this is not
something that is a that is a new
problem it's an ongoing culture of
corruption and all the Democrat memo
does is call more attention to it now
it's interesting that you Russian
investigation aside it's easy to say
that this is just partisan politics
playing out in Washington DC but the
memo was actually released by the House
Intelligence Committee which is
controlled by the Republicans and they
unanimously voted the entire committee
to release it twice so how much of this
is partisan bickering and how much as
this is political maneuvering what does
this all really mean oh no question a
good percentage a good percentage of
this is partisan bickering hands down
concede however that doesn't negate the
factual content of the Republican memo
and the many instances of established
abuse of the FBI and abusive FISA that
were demonstrated by the Republicans
prior to the Nunez memo so we're dealing
for example the the National Security
Adviser under Obama going in to the
office entering her code and unmasking
improperly top campaign officials okay
this is not something that is just about
Carter pages
not just about the Nunez memo it's about
a culture of corruption yes this is
taking place around political parties
and an entirely contentious scenario no
doubt but this is this is not just
partisan it's about principle and we
need to get back to discussions about
principle all right john Griffing thanks
for a being with us on our to
international we'll have more news after
a break
