supporter of president Trump's received
a slew of online abuse after American
news network CNN publicly shamed her for
sharing what was claimed to be a Russian
coordinated event on Facebook
Jacqueline booga has the story CNN knows
no bounds when it comes to tracking down
anyone culpable of sowing discord in
America and thanks to an indictment
filed last week detailing how suspected
Russian trolls used unwitting Americans
to undermine their own political process
CNN has plenty of fodder like this woman
from Florida but did you realize that
you guys were in communication
electronically with with Russia so what
did she do to deserve such a
confrontation Goldfarb is guilty of
having run a pro Trump Facebook page
that promoted an event allegedly
organized by the Russians her objections
to accusations of having any connection
to Russia however were all but ignored
by the CNN reporter you were posting and
reposting almost word-for-word the
information that was coming out of this
internet research agency now in st.
Petersburg you don't believe that nope
now to no one's surprise Goldfarb was
viciously attacked online after the
short interview spread like wildfire
Goldfarb should be ashamed of herself
she's the fake kid on CNN for showing us
who she really is I don't believe she
feigned ignorance she knew so we're told
that countless unsuspecting Americans
and media outlets were duped by the
relentless
efforts of online trolls but where are
those trolls getting their inspiration
from more often than not it looks like
they were simply relying on stories
generated by the US media itself oh
sweet sweet irony thousands of people as
you know how so feeling marginalized by
president-elect Donald Trump's comments
they said this is a love rally that's
after they pointed in that direction
they yelled were not going to be
tolerating any sexism or homophobia or
racism MSNBC's liberal host joy reid is
a shining example of that her posts were
retweeted by accounts said to have
connections to the Kremlin hundreds of
times there are obviously a lot of
questions about how much the Trump
campaign knew about and whether they
were complicit in the Russian attack on
our election but what about the rest of
the Republican Party machine
so to break this down the heart of the
accusation seems to be that Russia tried
to divide the US by giving people a
place to express their views and
retweeting mainstream media articles and
posts written by Americans diabolical if
you ask me
