welcome to the Stan Collymore show later
we'll see the smallest league in the
world the morning Miami to get the
latest on the David Beckham MLS
announcement Miami is now home to Major
League Soccer after a five-year battle
England legend David Beckham announced
the birth of a new team in South Florida
beam sports k Murray gave us some
insight
so now we know this man David Beckham is
gonna have an MLS franchise in Miami
let's take you to where the stadium is
going to be built it's in a place come
over town in downtown and also have a
chat with the British sports broadcaster
and journalist that has made Miami her
home for the last five years k Morrie
there isn't much about the beautiful
games she doesn't know she worked for
round the drink TV when David Beckham
was there as a player let's ask her what
the Miami reaction is to David Beckham
are near football club
let's talk about David Beckham because
we came to Miami to interview a Peruvian
legend Terry opprobrious and then go on
to Argentina we open the Miami Herald
when we arrive it's like the
announcement how has it been taken in in
Miami you know this sporting culture you
know this city well is it something that
that Miami locals want I think that a
lot of them do and you can see that the
fact is this big fan group already
called the Southern Liege and they've
been fighting for it for four years now
and here we heard David Beckham recently
even just sixty days ago they didn't
know this was all going to happen so
you've been really lucky to come here at
the time that's happened I think there
is you know an area forest as we've seen
with the classic oh that just packed out
the stadium you array yourself we've
seen when teams like Brazil and on
Dorris have met stadium packed as well
so that's a big part of it the Hispanic
community David Beckham if this is going
to work needs hardcore football fans and
a lot of them really does because as you
mention it's a really transient City so
many people are actually not even from
Miami so there isn't a Miami pride that
you'd get in many other cities
especially in America where people are
so proud to be from that city
the other thing that they're gonna have
to look at doing and it something that's
been working at Atlanta United is
getting the young South American players
who were up and coming here even if they
were developing them and then sending
them on to somewhere else so people can
see them for the first time and feel
invested in those players coming in so
if you can do a bit of a mix of these
superstar signings at least one big
superstar signing and then also some
young South American talent that's going
to help them to well they're saying 40
to 60 jobs are going to be created it
needs to be more than that for the
community and historic over time one of
the poorest communities in in Miami do
you think that that will be factored
into the to the ownerships thinking that
they have to do more than just plonk a
football stadium there and a team yeah
absolutely that's one thing I've talked
about so like you have to make it
accessible to everybody here it can't
just be some middle-class sport that
which has been a lot of you in this
country it's different to how it is back
home in England you have to be able to
reach the people who actually want to
see this who have that soccer culture
already ingrained in them that football
culture so the ticket prices are going
to be really important accessibility as
well so this is part of the sites which
the Beckham group at Wharf to make his
personal dream of Major League Soccer
franchise come true
naysayers will say is gonna bring jobs
is going to bring shops bars restaurants
you're you're saying that's not
necessarily the case we know that's not
true we have a mile away we have a brand
new baseball stadium not one new
business is sprung up there at that
stadium is five years old we have not
one new business so no it does not act
as an economic catalyst we need the
daily activity that really is an
economic generator 40 good days per year
is not going to do it 50 jobs on 9 acres
that's not going to do it 1896 our town
was incorporated that's very old in
American terms and it's the heart of the
Miami african-american community it's
also very very poor as you can see there
are images everywhere of Ella Fitzgerald
Duke Ellington some of the Great's that
played here lived here many many years
ago so hopefully impact on the community
well it just gentrify an area and drive
an old african-american community out
even further into poverty one of the
dynamics I'm really interested to find
out about this Beckham to Miami story
there's considerable opposition here to
the stadium that they the thinking being
that the 5060 jobs that it might bring
for 40 or so events a year you know it
won't add to the community that the
community needs more in the way of
restaurants and entertainment a further
development of that sort to revitalize
what has been a a disadvantaged
community a guy who knows a cycle and
say escapes so well here Thomas Rongen
former US Scouts he said the fact that
people are going to be able to hear each
week about what's happening to go and
watch the stadium being built into what
she could grow up they know that they're
going to have something that they feel
invested in so then by the time it is
hear that like I need to be there I want
to go there 25,000 good number not too
big not expecting to get the cl√°sico
numbers that you did I think it's a good
start I feel confident about it
even if you have 40 events per year a
business cannot survive on 40 good days
per year you need 365 days of activity
that's what we want for this site we're
not anti-development we're not anti
soccer the fact of the matter is this is
not the area where people are going to
obtain $100 plus to go to a soccer game
and we're looking for commercial uses
we're looking for educational uses we're
looking for workforce housing we're
looking for you know a real livable
community it's happening in Miami it's
happening right here and and we believe
that this site is special and it
deserves a festive for a purely sporting
perspective we've got Miami Heat you've
got the Dolphins you've got the Marlins
notoriously a fickle some would say
sporting city would follow the success
is the room for a soccer team in Miami
Miami if this happens will become one of
only a few cities in the United States
of America that host every major
sporting league so it will be something
of a milestone for the city
if you really do need to target
everybody to let everybody know that
it's not just a football to go and see
for the people who can afford it for the
people who are big owners everybody
needs to be able to go see this maybe
target the local soccer clubs where kids
are playing already local schools to get
them in do some discount deals let some
of the kids in free sometimes anything
like that I think will starts are really
health and really build the fabric of a
team here in Miami I so often happens on
the Stan Collymore Show one story leads
into many others and this one's no
different we came to Miami for two days
enroute to Argentina to split the
journal and also to chapter tear feel
could be us World Cup legend but then
the Beckham news broke but then walking
around this historic over town district
it's been here since 1896 an area where
disenfranchised poor mostly
african-american and Latino communities
live and chatting to some of the locals
they don't want the stadium here they
don't feel the jobs are coming so a
story that basically was going to be
great new stadium gets built English
football legend adds to the community is
that there is another side
after the break we take you to the
smallest football league in the world
now let's take you to the Scilly Isles
where are they just 30 miles off the
south coast of England it's home to the
smallest football league in the world
with only two teams the garrison Gunners
and the warp at Wanderers plate you're
the 22 times the season so of course the
show had to pay them a visit
we've landed it except Mary sample on
the City Royals and this one came over
you developers the slide was represent
so when you're involved in again to the
specular vulgrim
well I'm betting I've been involved
about three years many years as some
other people that are but it's a great
thing to be a part
fantastic we're looking for Jason Cup
final is it secondly the second I guess
cut yeah we want to first been to one
they gave a spirit paste in the lead
last weekend
sorry we're looking to go back
can't wait it's all about - good to see
you the warm welcome straight off the
plane we come straight to the
southernmost point of England
Vasili oils why Chris it hosts the
world's smallest league the Wolfpack
wonderous against the garrison goodness
we're gonna see them tomorrow but we've
got a little bit of down time so we're
gonna go on a little boat trip
so in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean
just over my shoulder is a castle going
all the way back to the times of Oliver
Cromwell
that's the 17th century
if you fancy a game of football tomorrow
you're in see you later
right will the Isles of Scilly let's go
and check into the hotel
so I don't both teams been going for in
in the current name since is it the
early 80s yeah yeah I mean the league
itself of it was the 1910 the first that
was all the islands back there right and
then I think the off island sites faded
out in sort of the 50s and after that
under sort of different names it's just
been two teams and they settled on the
bits our effort actually is a program so
what happens at the beginning of the
season lighters have divvy in the teams
up it's like you there's a pool of
players and yeah I mean up until I've
been till this season it's been like
sort of a captain and vice-captain
moving chosen beforehand and they'll
sort of say I like that person it's kind
of like school playground yeah but this
year the two captains got together went
away from everyone else on their own I
usually just sort of sail
if we do that they wanted to try and
last year that was done with about five
games left so they wanted to try and get
it so it's garrison against wall pack
for this one as well
let's compare four okay there's a way
that was so when we maybe don't know
just how old the Jules Rimet trophy the
Champions League the FA a copy of the
week at Wembley have a look at that do
you play dynamo chuff's yeah dynamo
chops we're coming for you holy breath
hairdo good to see you again you well
again
yeah tell me where the first time was
Stepford Rangers gates mattress blitz on
you sent off really yeah Court so how
long you been wrestling the world's
smallest lead for at ten years effective
enjoyable still enjoying it next best
thing to claim it is so up now sending
it off today hopefully big game Cup
final bit feisty Gillette a few tackles
go in since they did since it and come
final no we're done making big few
tackles going those are the good old
days eh they are any when you're
different now
excellent looking forward to it good to
see ya maybe pitch Achilles tendon
injury so I'm gonna be angry very
mocking you
so we're here at garrison fields for the
world's smallest football league
although to cook game today and a big
cook game to cook final on the right we
have war pack wondrous in their away kit
of all blue oz expecting yellow and
black wines and we've got their garrison
goodness
here with an extraordinarily young
goalkeeper I'm sure it's gonna be the
next W kya let's get the game on
you saw the half-time whistle has just
gone
the Wolfpack Wanderers it's 2-2 against
the garrison Gunners which means over
the two Cup games that they've played
it's 4-3 currently absolutely cracking
game goals flying in it both wins
half-time Cooper
hey chaps they were doing a half time to
tune so what's that one aggregate so far
four three two right so you get back
into the into the year intrigue a
cracking game you enjoyed that one by
the looks of it a lot this get a goals
flying it all over the place again so it
was either cup winners for the season
now is it going in the league where's
top of 86 points player to top of the
league six points clear and you've won
the Cup how many galaxies in this game a
good to see you let's go in so the final
whistle is gone and the garrison Gunners
have won the cook for the year and now
there's a great old English tradition
let's get to the pub and a couple of
points and watch the afternoon football
on the telly
right so we're in the salami Club we've
got give out Matt and and we'll give up
why you wearing a wall pack wondrous
sweatshirt when you've just won the cook
for garrison goodness well my guess it
goes to the water she's growing so well
you radio presenter tell us a little bit
about the mead here interest because
another Rory Smith from the New York
Times will be the toes bonier the added
acid advert where Beckham and Gerrard
and what-have-you
it must be quite nice to get people
coming over who take such an interest in
your lead
yes very much it's all kind of
satisfying see the editor said but that
was kind of like living to think of the
kinds of sports everything else and
we've been very fortunate
it doesn't offer a lot of good for the
islands in general and without relief
except from new york times last year
he's doing great things in free media
we've had with him fever from Japan all
over the world let's talk about Belgian
crew coming over and it really is kind
of humbling and it may respects it is a
bit of a novelty two teams of HR each
week you know we still play cup games
two legs Charity Shield on paper 20
League games depending on weather and
things like that have to be factored in
is it because of the history of this
game that you guys keep doing that
you're aware of the history that goes
back 50 60 70 80 years and you want to
maintain it is it is that important to
you I think that's a big part of it but
I also think that it's something for
everyone to look forward to whatever you
do work wise during the week it's a day
especially with some year that's like a
huge amount going on it's not huge
it gives people a reason to go out have
a game of football in the morning coming
up a drink afterwards watch the sport
mattelli afterwards and to make a bit of
a day of it
they really just bring people together
to save keep are you've already drunk
your point is that thank you so much for
letting us come and film around the game
great
I'm the massive grassroots football fan
that's where I started it's it's it's in
your blood inside the resort isn't so
just want to say a big cheers big thank
you and Matt you're gonna be at the
airport tomorrow
you can see us off for it back to the
mainland because we love ya but we have
to get back to work Cheers
it was an emotional trip down memory
lane before the game the referee a big
West Bromwich Albion fan had just learnt
as I did that one of his personal heroes
Cyrille Regis had just passed away we
decided a classic minute silence was the
least I deserved
rest in peace Cyril Roman noise stutter
place for the Russian national team but
due to dill nationality it could have
chosen to play for world champions
Germany
why didn't he Masha come Ania joined him
to find out why
Russian football fans still don't know
how to pronounce from under stairs last
name correctly well let's hear from the
man himself
noise data what is it man the field
translated in German it means like new
city so it's it's a typical like German
name
born in Soviet Ukraine erased in Germany
playing in a Turkish club and the
Russian national team but what is here a
Russian or a German who was the one and
only Russian goalkeeper who received the
Golden Ball award goalkeeper yeah I only
know I can feel now of course the
players and churches off a few action I
think yes yeah
when did the USSR for the national team
win the European nations cup it was like
the biggest victory in the history of
Russian national team how many times the
German national team became the world
champions yeah four times that's right
what is October in Germany is best known
for October October Oktoberfest yeah his
mentality is unique as is his life story
and football is in his blood his father
Porter was a footballer during Soviet
times and the family moved around a lot
until eventually landing in Germany as a
result Vermont speaks German Russian
English French and understand Spanish
and Turkish Nash tetra played twice for
Germany but eventually opted to
represent Russia and now he's the most
multicultural player in the team my
whole life I think yeah I know where my
roots are I know where I'm from and
I'm half German half Russian no matter
where I was or whom I was talking about
I was always saying the same that I'm
both so but there was never a
possibility like to get a Russian
passport or something and so then when
the possibility came I didn't had to
think a lot about it so I was I was sure
I was Ramon got his Russian passport
just before here at 2016 Russia's head
coach nice laughter she badly needed a
santur back miss Tedder posted a photo
on Instagram holding a passport in his
hand and doing the so-called Gopnik
squad which caused quite a stir I like
to do anything funny things be different
than other people and after I did it
everyone asked me what did you do what
did you do but it's it's like the the
Gopnik squat the Slava squat cold and
it's I think it's a Russian thing
because now I see it all over Instagram
or some other pages and but I don't know
if it's that popular or not here you
might think that Nash Teeter chose to
play for Russia just to get keen time on
international level it's a no-brainer
get it into the Russian team is way
easier than into the German one but Roma
quashed such notions insisting that it
has been his dream since the childhood
to represent Russia it said that my
grandfather died because he always said
that one day I'm gonna watch me in the
Russian national team and I also did it
for him because it would be very proud
now and and I think he would be or maybe
years adaptation for the new team was
easy he says barring a few jokes from
the new teammates
there were always jokes about my like
that I'm more German and there was a
saying oh the German guys coming and
stuff but I speak the language I can
read I can write I can talk with them so
it was easy to typically made with the
with the team and I think now it's even
better because I'm for a more a long
time together with the team and here so
no no there's no there are no problems
anymore
nosh that I wrote for Vice magazine and
was photographed for Vogue open - is
romance main trade and he's not afraid
to share his viewpoints even on subjects
which may seem controversial to some we
had 2017 everyone is equal everyone can
do whatever he wants everyone can love
whom he wants so we should just accept
it because you can do anything about it
this is life this is how life goes and
if someone loves some man love another
man it's okay it's like this it doesn't
have to affect you just accept it and go
your own way you have a wife it's nice
here so this is how life goes nowadays
and we can we can change it we can't go
against it so we you know all equals he
just did tests all stereotypes including
the one which claims all Russians are
vodka drinkers I'm honest I didn't drink
alcohol until I was 18 maybe like one
beer ahead but with 18 on my birthday I
went out with friends and there I had
like my first vodka so the taste okay no
bad really bad no I don't like this hard
stuff of alcohol I prefer like a beer of
their game or something or red wine I
love red wine so what is he after all a
Russian or a German noise debtor himself
never had this question signified by his
World Cup prediction who is going to win
the World Cup next year Russia or
Germany Russia Russia I promise yes okay
thank you
that she lost but join us next week for
our argentine special where we chat with
South American legends and we visit
River Plate and Boca Juniors come on
