in Germany we're a top representative of
the nationalist AFD party has launched a
scathing attack on Chancellor Merkel he
told a parliamentary session on Thursday
that her policies are a failure and that
she is part of a push to impose
multiculturalism not just on Germany but
on all of Europe Peter Oliver has been
following developments for us finger
pointing and a walkout by the Chancellor
is this the new normal of German
politics it was a very heated session in
the Bundestag on Thursday morning here
in Berlin Angela Merkel was outlining
how she sees some of the challenges
facing Germany and Europe and what
needed to be done on that but it was
really the performance from the
political New Kids on the Block
alternative for Germany that's well
certainly drew a lot of the attention
first off we heard from Alice Vidal
who's one of their co leaders she said
that the EU no longer represented the
German taxpayer in fact going as far as
to call it pure socialism well that
resulted in a lot of groans and a few
boos from her fellow members of the
Bundestag she also called for a
reduction in the EU budget post brexit
but then it was the turn of her
co-leader Aleksandr Gowland to speak he
hits out directly at Angela Merkel's
support for the the proposed EU refugee
distribution system that would see an
overhaul of the Dublin Treaty it would
see mandatory quotas for EU nations
saying that they had to take set amounts
of refugees you know countries want to
decide for themselves who they take in
there is no national duty with regard to
multiculturalism and this last remark
goes especially to the Greens here well
that prompted this reaction from the
Chancellor Angela Merkel clearly having
enough decided she was off not going to
stick around to hear mr. garland say
that he supported cooperation between EU
Member States but not the formation of a
United States of Europe well is this the
new normal in German politics because
like them all low
them alternative for Germany have the
votes there in the parliament we've
actually seen them growing in the polls
of late one can't really presume that
every time they say something that mrs.
Merkel doesn't agree with she's going to
decide she has somewhere else better to
be well it has been an eventful day in
there German parliament shortly after
the incident that Peter was describing
their MPs clash during a debate on
bailing the Vale proposed by the
Nationalists aft party iboga often
balance book is the oath for the
manifestation of Islamic culture the
tolerance of women being veiled would be
a fateful sign that our constitutional
state is falling back under the cultural
colonisation of radical Islam our
fundamental values adhere to people who
are free and equal before covering as a
signal there isn't a will to participate
in our open society dear colleagues a
wolf in sheep's clothing sits in our
Bundestag this proposal isn't motivated
by this stated reasons but rather as the
applicant has already claimed to the
press before we had it on our desks and
how it's just been confirmed to be as a
measure against the cultural
colonization often Cornish if your
proposal is successful the women who are
up until now forced by their families
and husbands only to leave the house
while fully covered would in the future
no longer be able to leave the house at
all therefore you're not helping these
women rather you're robbing them of the
last morsel of freedom and participation
in our society you don't want to hear
these arguments because they come from
the wrong faction you're aware I no
longer belong to them but I need for
action in this matter is still as it was
before
religious freedom belongs to Germany but
the politicized Islam does not and we're
going to turn against this and
everywhere what is politicized Islam
attempts to restrict our way of life
because the usual state will stand
opposed to this
