North and South Korean soldiers have
begun removing landlines from the
Demilitarized Zone which is separated
the two nations for more than half a
century the buffer zone separating north
and south arounds for 248 kilometers and
was created at the end of the Korean War
all the way back in 1953 it's believed
these are some of the first pictures of
the operation in action around two
million mines are thought to be
scattered there between the border
fences they're guarded by hundreds of
thousands of troops the agreement to
clear the mines and destroy guard posts
was made last month after the two
leaders met in Pyongyang
during that summit Yong Yong agreed to
demolish its nuclear facilities and test
sites and also accept international
inspections the Koreas agreed to
eliminate so-called war dangers and set
up a peace zone on their shared border
at the leaders pledged to connect
railways and roads between the two
countries and also help families who've
been divided by the Korean War to meet
once again and they also pledged to make
a joint bid for the 2032 Summer Olympic
Games
you
