in jail again a prominent Bahraini human
rights activist Nabil Rajab has been
sentenced to five years in prison there
for criticizing the Gulf monarchies role
in the war in Yemen on Twitter he's
already serving a two-year sentence for
previously having spoken out against the
regime you may recall Roger Rove rose to
prominence as the opposition leader
during the mass pro-democracy protests
back in 2011 he's often been on this
channel talking in his towns when he's
out of prison which doesn't mean much
he's also the president of the Bahrain
Center for Human Rights between 2012 and
14 he was imprisoned for organizing
unauthorized demonstrations now there we
go again there's more the two years he's
currently serving now were handed down
for quote publishing and disseminating
rumors and false news end quote
apparently all in connection with a
number of TV interviews he gave in 2015
and 2016 now to remind you the Bahraini
uprising itself the bigger picture here
started during the Arab Spring that
massive wave of protests across the
Middle East in 2011 the main demands of
the opposition back then were more
rights for the sheer population and the
abdication of the King of Bahrain
however police then responded with
what's been described by many many
accounts as a brutal crackdown a senior
advisor at the Bahrain Center for Human
Rights told us that the latest verdict
against Nabil Rajab is completely unjust
well the sentence is a clear mockery to
justice a slap to the rule of law and to
human rights values and standards and
principles after having more than twenty
court hearings the authorities failed to
present substantial evidence to charge
Nabil all 'mobile did was he focused on
warning all sides on the destructive
result of war in Yemen he called upon
all sides to resort to dialogue and to
peace rather than to war and destruction
Nabil is being charged today for
expressing his fears openly so rights
groups are continuing to try to draw
attention to this long-running case
Human Rights Watch hours Bahrain's
allies to push for
Bill's immediate release our Maurice
internationals got involved to again
it's been calling on the King of Bahrain
to free now bill and it's launched a
Twitter campaign now
