been a tense encounter of the United
Nations Security Council between the USM
boy and the Palestinian leader Mahmoud
Abbas delivered a vitriolic address on
Tuesday aimed squarely at Washington for
recognizing Jerusalem as the Israeli
capital and claiming America is not
committed to the peace process the US
administration took an unlawful decision
which was rejected by the international
community to take the issue of Jerusalem
off the table and to recognize the city
as Israel's capital we're ready to begin
negotiations immediately in order to
achieve peace and security for all in
our region and the world and here's what
happened next after finishing his speech
Abbas stood up and walked out of the
meeting without waiting for the response
from the US my nikki Haley he has left
the room I will dress the balance of my
remarks to him President Abbas I sit
here today offering the outstretched
hand of the United States to the
Palestinian people but I will decline
the advice I was recently given by your
top negotiator Saeb Erekat
I will not shut up Nikki Holly was
reacting there to comments from the
Palestinians chief peace negotiator he
told her to be quiet and not criticize
the Palestinian leadership reacting to
that the editor of the Palestine
Chronicle told us that he thinks America
is now becoming a third wheel in the
peace process US has lost its right to
participate in any kind of international
mechanism that would attempt to bring
peace and reconciliation between
Palestine and an Israel they have lost
the right to do so when they decided to
play an unbiased unfair and pro-israeli
position if the US has never been ap an
honest peace program my mother bus
trying to send a message to the
Palestinian people that after decades of
pursuing this frivolous and futile peace
process and
nothing has been achieved as a result
his message to the Palestinian people
that I'm still here and I'm still
fighting and I'm still challenging the
American diktats and an American foreign
policy
