medal-winning curler from russia is
still waiting to learn his fate after
becoming embroiled in a doping scandal
at the Winter Olympics in South Korea
Alexander a crucial Natsuki allegedly
returned a drug sample the tested
positive for meldonium the results of
his second test are expected to be
announced soon the athlete debuted with
its wife and teammate anastacio burrows
galava in mixed doubles curling at this
year's games last week they clinched
Russia's first ever Olympic medal in the
discipline after beating the Norwegian
pair and finishing third crucial Natsuki
reportedly believes that his food or
drink could have been spiked but it was
presumed not stolen you don't need to be
a secret agent to give athletes a bottle
with any kind of banned substance
they're totally unprotected just put it
in a hotel room it's easy if you can see
the bottle and it's like locked then it
can open it you can see it it was locked
you open it drink it and as long as you
keep an eye on the bottle that's fine if
you just like turn around for a second
it's only users bottle well the
substance in question is meldonium it's
believed to boost endurance and
increased recovery
it was widespread in Russia and Eastern
Europe before it was banned two years
ago the latest potential doping scandal
shocked many in the curling community a
sport where skill and precision come
before brute strength I really something
that in curling doping is useful I think
in curling both is really important it's
like mental and physical side so the
doping is absolutely not useful at this
aspect I don't really understand what
what it would approve or what it would
improve you in your game kind of things
so that I don't understand that what it
will do for you
many of Russia's metal hopefuls are
missing at these games as they were not
cleared to compete by Olympic Chiefs
despite having no doping history now
though there were no big hopes for the
Olympic podium some young Russian
athletes still managed to knock up some
victories as Ilya petrenko reports
Russia's top ski racers were made to sit
out Pyeongchang 2018 their ski boots
were
big ones to step into but against the
odds these juniors pulled it off all you
need to know about the performance of
Russia's young cross-country skiing team
is on this board at the house for
Russian fans unbelievable but almost
half of the OER medals so far were won
by the cross-country squad now the
Norwegians aka Russia's number one
rivals in the sport know they'll need to
keep looking over their shoulders so
who's hot on Norway's heels meet 21 year
olds Denis speed Soph who's already won
a bronze and a silver in Pyeongchang I
feel proud for speaks off you see this
young guy winning bronze here this was a
great surprise for me dedicated himself
completely to the sport how is it
possible not to support such passion and
effort and of course the athletes feel
our support the performance against all
the odds wouldn't have been possible
without Ely and Laval been a former
Olympic champion now in charge of the
Russian cross-country skiing federation
she wasn't allowed to come to Korea as
an official or a coach so he Leanna's
here at all the races as a fan crying
tears she was the one who raised the new
generation of Olympic medalists in
skiing before our athletes were
suspended from competition the initial
plan was to get one gold medal with one
or two silver and then 102 bronze but
given the fact that we came to the
Olympics missing eight athletes six of
which are team leaders in world's game I
said if we win only one bronze it will
mean that we've done better than we
planned five medals and Counting by the
cleane young determined Olympic
cross-country athletes from Russia
