in the southern russian republic of
dagestan mourners have been gathering at
a church where five women were killed in
a shooting atrocity on Sunday
investigators are looking into various
motives behind the tragedy terrorism has
not been ruled out
Daniel Hawkins has the latest on the
case well the Investigative Committee at
this stage is looking into all
possibilities and they've officially
confirmed today that terrorism is also
one of the leads they are looking into
the attack took place in the town of
Keyes Lea in the southern Russian
province of Dagestan on Sunday the
attacker was identified as Khalid Khalil
for local 22 year old resident by the
local authorities he targeted Christian
churchgoers leaving an Orthodox
Christian ceremony marking the beginning
of a fast of a Christian festival here
in Russia now by Stan has managed to
film this harrowing footage as the
gunmen took shots at bystanders with a
hunting rifle narration
so only should business guru Monica sir
clear this tobacco cultivation of
dreaming as we said earlier five people
were killed in that attack four injured
two of them are critically were police
officers as well we managed to hear from
the priest who was actually taking the
church service at the time who described
how the churchgoers barricaded
themselves inside the building to avoid
being targeted by the attacker there in
Genesis there was a woman here she was
begging for money all the city knew her
she hit the shooter with her bag and he
shot her in the chest another man tried
to stop the attacker but was shot while
this was happening we managed to close
the doors of the church the victims were
such kind people one of them had taught
our children and another who tried to
stop him the victims were such kind
people one of them had taught our
children and another who tried to stop
him yes if it wasn't for her more people
would have been dead
all because she managed to hold him back
well investigators are now looking into
any inspiration in links the gunman may
have drawn from terror groups Islamic
state of course was quick to claim
responsibility on their website for the
attack as they often do after such
incidents in the meantime the attack of
course has drawn condemnation from both
Christian leaders and Muslim authorities
in the region as well as the detectives
continue their investigation we spoke to
independent journalist Lou Caribe in
Brussels a city that suffered numerous
terror attacks in recent years he says
that security services don't exchange
enough intelligence on suspects there is
not enough connection between the police
forces they should be more done to to
get information to collect information
collectively also with Russia of course
we are not yet where we should be in
terms of defense there is great fear
among the people that we will see more
of the terrorist attacks that we had in
Paris Brussels and other places we are
of course very close to the areas where
these people come from by Isis comes
from and we need to do more in terms of
connecting our police forces
