iranian-american fashion blogger has
been dubbed unamerican for criticizing
US policies she was giving a TV
interview to talk about her book on
tehran street fashion when she was
suddenly asked about Iran's alleged
nuclear program however she kind of
turned the question around asking her
interviewers about American policies in
the Middle East is a snippet of the
interview let's talk about nuclear
weapons some of our viewers may say we
cannot trust Iran mm-hmm what are your
thoughts I mean I don't think we can
trust this country I mean what has this
country done to the majority of the
countries in the Middle East
you're an American I don't sound like an
American as you just heard her the host
accused a Caterpie of not sounding like
an American when she questioned
Washington's foreign policy she did
speak to us about that exchange I was
really shocked by it by the question or
the statement but also I think it also
goes back to sort of the place that
Muslims in America are constantly put
themselves in and that we have to
constantly prove that we're American
enough to deserve respect to deserve not
being bombed or banned which all of
which this country and other Western
countries are also involved in in the
Middle East and and then the second that
we sort of criticized the state for what
they've actually done were redeemed an
American keppa he also told RT that
she's been flattered by the positive
comments she's received online a tweets
ranging from surprise to praise for the
blogger for speaking freely he is a cat
heavy again commenting on the freedom of
expression and on going viral
unfortunately I guess after the fact I
wasn't too surprised because Muslims and
people of color in this country and
across the West are constantly put in
positions where we're constantly kind of
being used both as a term as a way of
sort of talking about our maybe having
to respond for our government policies
back abroad but then having to blindly
unquestionably sort of pray allegiance
to this country who might be involved in
violence in our country I think that
it's sort of these are sort of
underlying microaggressions that happen
every single day and it's not just me
that this has happened to I was just
lucky enough that this is live and I was
able to record it and then being able to
share online but this happens constantly
every single day all the time for any
single person who is a person of color
Muslim that they constantly are kind of
having to do with microaggressions that
are so normalized it's in society and so
that's why one thing that I really
appreciate about sort of the virality of
this is that people are really standing
up now and saying this is not normal
this is not okay we shouldn't allow this
from happening
