former CIA whistleblower Jeffrey
sterling has been released from prison
he revealed CIA mismanagement of a
classified program to the US Senate and
was later sentenced under the Espionage
Act to three and a half years a Sterling
was freed after serving over two years
of that sentence however sterling was
not jailed for what he actually told
senators instead he was actually accused
of leaking classified information he
shared with the Senate to a journalist
his sentence was softer than the usual
19 years minimum reportedly that was
because all the evidence against him was
circumstantial on main Konya former US
Senate candidate who petitioned for
Sterling's release explains how he ended
up being treated as a traitor New York
Times reporter James Wright and now with
the intercept was having about 50
conversations back and forth with
Jeffrey and then James Reisen released a
book about 2005 called state of war and
what she disclosed the CIA's botched
release of nuclear plans to Iran even
Jeffery tried to tell a Senate
Intelligence Committee about this
information they've tried to go after
James risin to find out who his source
was just around that same time they
arrested Jeffery they dropped a rise in
case because Obama did not want to go
after a reporter because the heat was on
Obama and the Obama administration
because he was going after a journalist
the judge who sentenced sterling stated
that while in a perfect world every
criminal case would be decided using
direct evidence often that's not
possible on men Kony again says that's
because they had nothing but
circumstantial evidence they went and
took Jeffrey to court the only type of
evidence that they had was
circumstantial evidence and CIA age in
saying that it was a disgruntled
employee that released information
because of his discrimination case
Jeffrey has maintained his innocence for
almost 17 years the New York Times which
originally published the story of
Sterling's lawsuit against the CIA is
not covering his release
man Kony who says that many journalists
have simply forgotten about Jeffrey
sterling journalists are never asked
about are asking about Jeffrey sterling
or talking about it and this is a man
who's become an invisible man a
forgotten man who is in my mind a hero
the ACLU wouldn't even handle this case
and so we have to reach out to other
types of outlets unable to tell his
story
