a Palestinian schoolteacher has been
left scarred after being mauled by an
Israeli army dog a word of warning you
may find some of the upcoming scenes
disturbing my look at Jarrah was
assaulted during a West Bank raid by
Israeli Defense Forces they were
searching for another man the alleged
killer of an Israeli man who bears the
same surname as sure are here we can
start to show you the extent of the
injury sustained during the morning
school teacher is expected to require
further treatment including a skin graft
at one of his arms he's also been left
with a leg injury I woke up when I heard
explosions I looked at my house door and
it had been destroyed by an IDF bomb and
after that there were several other
explosions that destroyed the windows
and damaged the house I went immediately
to my children's room and we gathered
after that there was another explosion
that destroyed the bedroom door I saw a
dog it started to attack me and bite my
shoulder and then it started to bite my
leg and I was screaming the Palestinian
school teacher was allegedly attacked in
front of his children and his wife this
incident has had a psychological effect
on my husband my children and myself I
am staying at this hospital with him and
I see him waking up at night shaking and
trembling the eldest son also wakes up
screaming about his dad and the little
one is wetting the bed it was a
terrifying experience the dog attacked
my husband for over seven minutes and I
try to help and defend my husband by
grabbing the dog's head but I couldn't
get it away from him we asked the IDF
for comment on the case it responded by
saying that Jarrah had previously
threatened civilians in Jewish majority
areas of the West Bank they also told us
that the raid was conducted in
accordance with standard procedures and
that girar was immediately given medical
treatment but he disputes that saying
that he had to wait for such treatment
afterward I was bleeding for more than
two and a half hours and they took me to
the hospital note that I only got
treatment
at the hospital itself not from the IDF
altering journalist max Blumenthal says
that the use of dogs a standard IDF
policy this you know is being cast by
the Israeli military and government as
kind of an isolated incident but as any
of us who followed the situation in the
West Bank know this is far from isolated
it's part of a clear policy of using
dogs as kind of an advanced team during
home raids of Palestinians there is also
a high-profile case in 2015 of a 16 year
old from the southern town of Beit Omar
also a town that's under pressure from
from Jewish settlers where he his home
was raided by an Israeli dog unit this
is a 16 year old named Hamza Abu Hashem
he was badly mauled by a dog you know
these dogs apply 2,000 pounds of
pressure per square inch and Israeli
soldiers were taunting him on video
there's actually video of this incident
and now hamza abu hashem and the
palestinian human rights group al haq
are suing not israel but actually the
dutch company for wins k-9 which
supplied those dogs and has supplied
what it calls biting dogs to the Israeli
military for violating UN conventions on
companies operating in conflict zones so
this is a very significant lawsuit and
it speaks to a wider policy of what the
Israeli dissident journalists Gideon
Levy calls lynching by dog
