an iranian-american fashion blogger was
shocked when a US news station suddenly
turned the interview and began drilling
her about Tehran's nuclear ambitions
however she had the last laugh when she
immediately turned the question back on
her interview is questioning America's
constant meddling throughout the region
here's a snippet from said interview
let's talk about nuclear weapons some of
our viewers may say we cannot trust Iran
mm-hmm what are your thoughts I mean I
don't think we can trust this country I
mean what has this country dense the
majority of the countries in the Middle
East well the host then startled Hordak
at even more with the highly
controversial claim that she doesn't
quote sound like an American that was
just for questioning Washington's
foreign policy please decide now this
discuss that interview and what it was
like for the fashion blogger hoard her
car to be her so she joins me live on
the line nice to speak to you Hoda
despite what something you went on there
to talk about fashion there was this
complete shift in topic to politics she
seemed pretty calm though when talking
about the political situation what was
going on inside your head did this catch
you off guard or not I mean it
definitely caught me off guard but
unfortunately I guess after the fact I
wasn't too surprised because Muslims and
people of color in this country and
across the west are constantly put in
positions where we are kind of seen as
both the token but then also supposed to
talk about everything related to sort of
our identity even if it's not exactly
related to the work that we're doing at
hand and so we're constantly kind of
being used both as a term as a way of
sort of talking about our maybe having
to respond for our government policies
back abroad but then having to blindly
unquestionably sort of pray allegiance
to this country who might be involved in
violence in our country do you think
that was the plan all along to get you
in to talk politics under the guise of
fashion I honestly don't think so I I do
believe that it wasn't entirely sort of
with malicious intent
because I think that it's sort of
these are sort of underlying
microaggressions that happen every
single day and it's not just me that has
happened to I was just lucky enough that
this was live and I was able to record
it and then being able to share it
online but this happens constantly every
single day all the time for any single
person who is a person of color and
Muslim that they constantly are kind of
having to do with microaggressions that
are so normalized it's in society and so
that's why one thing that I really
appreciate about sort of the virality of
this is that people are really standing
up now and saying this is not normal
this is not OK we shouldn't allow this
from happening I mean I had to do double
take and then I had to double check that
I'd heard this correctly how did you
feel about being said that you don't
come with exact wording that you you
didn't sound American I in part just
knowing sort of like the legacy of the
United States and the fact that
currently who the president who has been
elected by the American people is it
could also be seen as a compliment you
know because I I don't want to sound
like someone who would vote Trump into
office and if that's when an American
sounds like and that's how America is
broadcasting itself to the world then I
don't want to sound like that so in part
I was I was really shocked by it by the
question or the statement but also I
think it also goes back to sort of the
place that Muslims in America are
constantly put themselves in and that we
have to constantly prove that we're
American enough to deserve respect to
deserve not being bombed or banned which
all of which this country and other
Western countries are also involved in
in the Middle East and and then the
second that we sort of criticized the
state for what they've actually done
were redeemed an American and this isn't
just sort of like being sensitive
because in the United States and across
other Western countries Muslims and
people of color are routinely and
systematically criminalized for having
political beliefs that don't align with
the state or having put like expressing
political dissent so it's more than just
sort of the comment that was said but
also sort of the context in which it was
being told to a visibly Muslim person on
live TV and sort of the complications of
what that means and
and what that has meant for Muslims and
people of color across the West I mean I
find it surprising because my concept of
America is this you know wonderful
multicultural country country and also
one that prides itself on freedom of
speech do you feel that you have that
opportunity and then that you had it on
this on this interview to express your
opinions openly frankly without any kind
of fear of repercussion or judgment I
don't think that there's really any
moment where someone whose identity is
being criminalized by the state all the
time to feel how they truly can say
something without being afraid that it
might come back to basically to haunt me
I guess and I know that this happens to
people of color all the time in the West
and that you once you say something that
you're going to get a bunch of death
threats you're gonna get hate and the
state might put a little microscope over
you as well and so I understand that
that was kind of the place that I was
going to possibly be be put in because
it was live television and a lot of the
times even if I've done interviews with
media outlets in the past because
usually their articles or if it was a
video then they have editorial control
over it this was kind of special because
I was really allowed a segment where I
could voice what I wanted to say and
they can't have editorial control over
that and for me that's really important
because then I get to control my
narrative rather than having the media
which constantly is already shaping
Muslims defining them as terrorists for
political agendas here and abroad being
able for me to say like this is actually
what's happening and and I'm gonna I'm
gonna openly say it how much coverage is
this story got and well what was pretty
shocking I think the comments from the
anchors there has been picked up by
other TV stations radio stations
yeah the virality of this is a little
unexpected I mean my readership already
was I assumed that it was going to get a
little bit of traction among them
because they I think the Serbs is a
really important teaching tool and I
think just the it was a very clear
manifestation of people's inherent
microaggressions and sort of bias
against Muslims that we see in the
United States and across the West
constantly and so this yeah this it's
been a little overwhelming to be quite
honest about sort of the response I'm
someone who really tries to sort of be
able to engage the people who are
engaging with my work but at this point
it's literally impossible for me to
respond to everybody to even see
everyone's comments and of course I'm
very very much honored and blessed to be
in this position and in which so many
people are showing support and I really
greatly appreciate that but also I think
it is unfortunate that something like
this seems to be so shocking for people
that they they really are like wow thank
you for saying something that I've been
wanting to say or like I have wasn't
able to say or I wasn't brave enough to
say or that they were assuming that they
were gonna come under sort of like
government scrutiny first thing thing is
um which does happen all the time and so
for me it was it was also sort of
unfortunate that something like this
went viral because it kind of shows
where we are right now as a world in
that people it's viral to be able to
criticize the United States government
in which actually is happening across
the world you clearly handle yourself
well by all accounts the response that
that's come in when when it took the
turn it did this this conversation
you've got a lot of compliments as I
understand on on the way you handled the
questions over the Muslim religion over
Iran people even suggesting perhaps
you'd be interested in running for some
kind of political office how do you feel
about that you clearly got strong
opinions on the issue
I think that's flattering but I I also
think that like so I'm an abolitionist I
I believe in a world in which these
systems and structures in which are kind
of exacerbating anti-muslim racism and
creating it aren't necessarily us
fitting into these systems doesn't
necessarily
make them go away but we're just trying
to assimilate into white supremacy
because this is anti-muslim racism it's
not just individuals bias against each
other it's part of a larger system just
like anti black racism and so we have to
think about this structurally rather
than just wanting to just like change a
few policies when there's a whole
structure of profit internationally that
works within the military that works in
surveillance you know all of these
countries that are also engaged in
perpetuating anti-muslim bias Israel for
example spread so much anti-muslim
propaganda in the United States and is
responsible in a great part for
dehumanizing Muslims around the world so
to justify their apartheid regime so
it's greater than just like a political
like position but I'm not gonna run for
president well no yeah anyway you want
us to start somewhere and you clearly
are being appreciated as a voice of many
people's opinions appreciate your time
greatly holder thank you so much for
joining us here on our tea well it care
to be my guest fashion blog
