the White House has blamed Russia for a
large-scale ransomware attack which
targeted a number of countries last June
including Russia that comes after the
Danish Ministry of Defence also says
Russia was responsible for the attack
while the British government has also
made the same accusation but Foreign
Office minister Lord Ahmed who made the
statements couldn't actually confirm it
was done to Moscow the UK's National
Cyber Security Center assesses that the
Russian military was almost certainly
responsible for the destructive not
petty cyber attack of June 2017 well as
we heard there the malware behind the
attack is called not petia the first
reports of the cyber attack came from
Ukraine but quickly spread around the
world
it's believed not Petya hacked at least
2,000 organizations including Transport
Systems banks and hospitals Russia the
UK the US Germany and France were all
affected political commentator Adam
Geary says making Russia the scapegoat
is all the rage it's just a trend it's a
fad it was communist were everywhere in
the 50s then it was everyone who's a
Muslim is somehow a danger
now it's Russians maybe next month it
will be the Chinese but since Russia and
China are allies maybe they can both be
the scapegoats of the failures of
Western governments to actually do their
job for their own citizens so yes it
absolutely is a trend and the
allegations continue to get more and
more absurd there's only one thing in
fact that is consistent about these
allegations and that's that they don't
lead to any tangible evidence there's an
allegation there's a giant question mark
and then there's anti-russian sanctions
anti-russian statements the persecution
of Russian individuals but to get from
step one to step three that crucial step
to evidence is always missing Russian
embassy in London has reacted to the
accusation saying there's no proof
Moscow is to blame the statement of
foreign office minister Lord Ahmed is
like many other similar accusations not
backed by any evidence it is another
example of irresponsible and hostile
rhetoric of British officials towards
Russia
