there are two unusual teams of this
year's Winter Games one is the United
squad from North and South Korea
competing as one for the first time in
12 years in what's being widely seen as
a positive sign that relations might be
warming between them the other team is
Olympic athletes from Russia known as Oh
a are taking part under a neutral flag
after the doping scandal that hit the
official team elia patrick has been
asking some of the spectators whether
they recognised the rebranding of
Russia's athletes it will take a long
while for Russian athletes journalists
like myself that I can tell you for sure
to forget the acronym Oh a R after
Pyongyang 2018 well just before the
Winter Games a group of Russian
designers thought they could take
advantage of the International Olympic
Committee's language sanctions
I put one of those on myself and decided
to walk around near the Olympic Park a
little bit what kind of team do people
with this kind of sweatshirt support its
Olympic I think North Korea Russia the
Russian people who may be here because
they don't have used those Olympic and
then something in Olympic athletes of
Russia
what would you chant if you wore an a
our team supporters oh-oh-oh we've come
from really far away
our flag Oh our flag some people say a
Russian animal can make a sound like
that maybe a bear like a Russian Fair
Siberian tiger yeah there will make a
sound when it's hungry whoa
for gold medal well judging by the first
few days of the Winter Olympics the
Russian fans have chosen to stick to the
more traditional chants and symbols
helia Petrenko RT and young tang
