our anti-russia sentiment and anger over
alarm clocks
that's a glimpse into an alleged Kremlin
campaign to influence the 2016 US
presidential election it's from a
database of tweets from supposed Moscow
linked accounts released by an American
news outlet Jacqueline Buga joined me
earlier to talk us through some of the
tweets for a while now social media use
has been wrapped up along with the
allegations of Russian meddling in the
2016 presidential election in the u.s.
scores of so-called Russian BOTS took
over Twitter and Facebook and all social
networks in order to influence potential
voters and sway the election that's what
the idea is here and suffice to say u.s.
politicians are more than a little bit
concerned about this let's take a listen
they found portals into our society
Russia has harnessed the tremendous and
quite frankly to me frightening power of
social media sowing discord in the US by
inflaming passions on a range of
divisive issues truly troubling evidence
of the scope and reach of Russia's
interference in our last election I
would has clearly got them wound up or
Island Jacquie dish the dirt
what's in these tweets well not what you
might exactly expect these deleted
tweets are coming from accounts that are
supposedly linked to the Kremlin and
they were published by a news outlet who
got a hold of them through a third party
anonymously so it's not exactly clear
how they got them but you think that
this database would just be chock-full
of pro-trump tweets given that the US
intelligence community believes that
Putin's goal was to get Trump to the
White House let's take a listen to what
the former FBI director had to say about
that hated Secretary Clinton so much
that the flip side of that coin was he
had a clear preference for the person
running against the person he aided so
much
and while of course there are a number
of tweets on the list that either
support Trump or specifically against
Hillary Clinton the opposite of that is
also true you can find in the mixed
tweets in favor of Clinton encouraging
people to vote for her and support for
Bernie Sanders the other Democratic
candidate was also in the mix but that
also comes with along with attacks on
Trump himself so it's all a bit of a
confusion that it's all in there at
their sport for all sides
well of course there is a lot about
Trump as well yeah bit of everything is
it all about the election no many are
completely off topic focusing instead on
the hard-hitting woes of sleeping in
your contacts of the dislike for alarm
clocks and because it's the Internet
there was also porn in there as well
we've also been told that Twitter BOTS
have been used to promote inflammatory
tweets to get messages to divide people
in the country and yet you can also find
among this database tweets that are
calling for peaceful solutions for unity
in the country referring to black lives
matters protests so it's all in there
but the real cherry on the top of this
whole story is the fact that there are a
number of anti Russia tweets in this
list and a lot of them are really
interesting they're going on about how
Russian hackers were involved in the
election how Hillary warned us against
Trump Russia collusion and how those
ties must be investigated let's take a
listen to some of the best hits of what
they're what are to be found in there
please retweet to demand the House GOP
do its job and investigate Donald Trump
Russian ties things you can't ignore a
Russian plant is your next POTUS some
Americans have been subtly radicalized
by hate groups Russian propaganda to
elect Trump perhaps the biggest threat
and those are supposed to be tweets that
are coming from accounts that are linked
to the Kremlin it just doesn't quite fit
together and the Internet is of course
it's just a very divisive place
everybody has their opinions and
everybody feels free to post them there
so this database really just does feel
like a roundup of the typical things
that you can find on Twitter
well NBC News which dug up those tweets
was recently accused of false reporting
in its coverage of alleged a Russian
interference an official from the
homeland security department who was
interviewed for its report slammed the
network for misrepresenting her words we
saw targeting of 21 states and an
exceptionally small number of that 21
were actually successfully penetrated as
you heard that Jeanette Mann freh
clearly says that hackers targeted the
states and got access to an
exceptionally small number of systems
well nbc's headline read that russians
had penetrated US voter systems
changing her words the network stands by
its report insisting it is accurate and
so hasn't made any Corrections
