the British governments being accused of
turning its back on interpreters who
helped its military in Afghanistan many
have received death threats from the
Taliban and say they can't remain in
their homeland Pali Boyka spoke
exclusively to an Afghan interpreter
who's facing his final bid for asylum in
the UK they all need to give me the
notice for deportation they told me that
you have to leave the country so they're
gonna send me where I will definitely
become Abdul Barry was a frontline
interpreter with British forces in
Afghanistan from 2008 to 2010 I know
that if I joined the British forces so
that would be a great test for me but I
have to do that because our country was
that the situation in our country was
very bad so I have to help the
international forces to protect our
countries so they came to my country to
protect us so why should I not help them
but working with UK troops made Abdul a
target for local Taliban forces that was
a phone call for my for my father and I
let that put in my door it says that we
know the eurozone is working for the
infidels so tell him to leave the job
otherwise he'll be slaughtered the
threats soon turned to violence when the
Taliban raided on my family so they
beaten up my father and my mom and my
dad so at a time when that happened he
was completely angering me and he says
all the problems happen to me just
because of you you're creating problems
worse with his and his family's lives in
danger Abdul was forced to flee I didn't
have enough time to stay there and go
and seek the authorities for protection
or something like that only choice was
for me one choice to leave the country
he came to Britain illegally through
Calais and applied for asylum on the
very first day since then the Home
Office has rejected his initial
application and his appeal the
government says it's safe that Abdul to
return to Kabul where he says his life
is in danger
that was unfair
that was injustice because when I worked
I helped the British forces in a very
risky time but at the moment I'm at risk
so I I need help but they still ignoring
me as an asylum seeker Abdul can't work
and this is the modest accommodation
that the government provides for him he
also gets 35 pounds a week in living
expenses and he has the constant threat
of deportation looming over him there
around a thousand Afghan interpreters
that worked with British forces around
400 of them have been given UK visas
which means Abdul is one of around 600
who haven't qualified the systems been
described as unfair and a lottery a
lottery that Abdul's best friend hashmat
managed to win hashmat applied for his
visa while still in Afghanistan and
after a two-year wait he was brought
over to the UK under the government's
official Afghan interpreters scheme do
you feel guilty sometimes that you got
the visa and Abdul didn't I want visa
for every interpreters that they spend
time over there's Taliban is on the 75th
person in Afghanistan they are most
powerful day by day they're searching
for people that they work with army are
like NATO forces
everyone is Andres back in Afghanistan
Abdul was a professional boxer he can't
compete in the UK because he doesn't
have a work permit but he can still
train since I came here he can't do
nothing just staying at home going out
sometimes I keep busy with my trainings
it's a human being
all you would be should have a champion
life
the work that the lab done should be
honored by our country these words
already look but I think we should look
after people whose was just a toast
and if we don't win above all Abdul can
do now is wait for his final appeal
against deportation to be considered by
the Home Office a problem terrified in
Afghanistan and I have had hair or the
same because there was a big threat for
me the Taliban but in here I have a very
bad depression day by day my depression
is getting worse so I'm worried about my
life but nothing could happen to me
Polly Boyko RT Greater Manchester
officially the UK government says it
investigates every claim of intimidation
and considers all cases on an individual
basis now we have asked for reaction to
Abdul Bari situation from a number of
organizations focusing on human rights
still yet to hear anything back when we
do we'll tell you what they say
