Pentagon has confirmed that it destroyed
a pro-government tank in a drone strike
in eastern Syria on Sunday calling it an
act of self-defense we detected it and
saw a tank that took a shot at us it
continued to move so we again executed
self-defense
rules of engagement to protect ourselves
and I believe that was something that
again we always have the right to do and
we'll make sure we're in a position to
do that no US military personnel or
coalition backed forces were killed in
the strike at the weekend and it comes
less than a week after another major
clash with pro-government forces such
incidents could result in a dangerous
escalation in the region as Samira Khan
now reports the Pentagon says that it
was an act of self-defense accusing
Syrian forces of trying to attack
Kurdish forces but apparently with US
forces embedded they were forced to
respond now on Wednesday the u.s. said
it carried out defensive airstrikes in
retaliation for what they saw as an
unprovoked attack but according to
reports more than a hundred fighters
aligned with the Syrian government were
killed in the air strike now this latest
escalation is definitely something to
worry about on all sides especially
considering that the Syrian conflict
been largely perceived as a fight
against terror well against Isis in
particular which is almost wiped out but
it's also open way to a whole series of
new conflicts we have the Turkish
Kurdish conflict the tensions between
Israel and Iran but even though Isis is
pretty much gone the u.s. still wants to
stay in Syria with the secretary
Tillerson announcing plans to maintain
an open-ended military presence in the
country some 2,000 troops or so to
prevent a resurgence of Isis and to
counter Iran's influence
surprisingly the US isn't the only one
the French president said that France
will attack if they find proof that
chemical weapons were used against
civilians promising to strike where
chemical shipments originated the
escalate in such an intertwined military
situation with all these forces very
close to each other in a medium-sized
country but in regions that are actually
rather small regions then the
possibility of things spiraling out of
control are very very real and that does
not have to begin with the intervention
or the decision to intervene or escalate
on the pot and one party's part it can
happen the climbing of the escalation
ladder as it is sometimes called can
happen without the intent being at the
beginning on either side to have a
larger scale war but a product of that
claiming that escalation ladder can be a
larger war
