you wouldn't usually expect to a classic
children's story about a family of
rabbits to spark a boycott but a new
Hollywood version out this month has
already got people riled I just need to
keep the wildlife out where they belong
this is Peter Rabbit a modern twist on
the Beatrix Potter tale but there's one
scene in particular that's infuriating
parents
it shows the rabbits attacking their
human art in emesis by throwing
blackberries at him but he's allergic
and starts choking having to inject
himself to stave off a dangerous
reaction it's led some parents to call
for a boycott of the movie claiming that
it makes light of a serious issue and
could encourage bullying the Asthma and
Allergy Foundation of America has also
hit back Sony Pictures has apologized
for the scene and it submitted being
insensitive we've been getting reaction
from the president of the Allergy
Foundation as well as a school teacher
and a political analyst for their
thoughts we believe that food allergies
are a very serious condition again two
people die daily from life-threatening
allergies and there are approximately
two children in every classroom with
this condition so making fun of it
taunting bullying in any fashion due to
a disability or a medical condition like
anaphylaxis is simply unacceptable what
wait a minute why does that assume
bullying but why do we assume that the
consequence of showing this in a film is
going to be bullying look we believe
that again we understand you know that
maybes are to entertain but we just
simply do not believe that entertainment
should include harming another person
making fun of one because of that
disability or because of that condition
or you know taunting or even putting
them in that life-threatening situation
and making fun of it is really we
believe irresponsible they're watching
these rabbits gang up on McGregor and
throwing what they actively know is an
allergen into his mouth and then
celebrating that
and I don't think that that's okay the
moral of the story from Beatrix Potter's
original intent was to show that it's
important to obey your parents and that
that will lead to a healthy prosperous
life and that if Peter rabbit indeed
disobeyed and was snuck into the garden
he might die we can just simply not take
our children to movies we feel are
inappropriate for them and furthermore
the idea that we assume that this is
going to lead to bullying is a false
premise it's a false dichotomy I agree
everyone has the of their own right to
take their children to the movies that
they choose to see if you choose to take
your child to this movie that's your
choice
I simply hope that you'll use it to
elevate the conversation in a positive
way around food allergy awareness
preparedness and anti bullying behavior
the big issue here is that Hollywood
license and Hollywood values are not
necessarily going to reflect those of
the larger viewing public these are ways
we deal with the problems and by
laughing at our own problems and our own
challenges we actually can encourage
education about them rather than
discourage bullying I think bullying is
a misplaced focus here
