it's day four of the Winter Olympics and
athletes from Russia are on the medal
board with two bronze and one silvers
things stand right now that's of course
despite a reduced number of competitors
from Russia following decisions by the
International Olympic Committee and the
Court of Arbitration for sport over
doping allegations 28 cases the evidence
collected was found to be insufficient
to establish that an anti-doping Ruolin
was committed by the athletes concerned
because a decision is extremely
disappointing
this decision shows the the urgent need
for reforms in the internal structure of
cus today the adult division of the
Court of Arbitration for sport
dismissed the application filed by 32
Russian athletes against the
International Olympic Committee
applicants did not demonstrate that the
manner in which to special Commission's
is established by the IOC was carried
out in a discriminatory arbitrary or
unfair manner there are plenty of
questions left over those conflicting
decisions so correspondent Ilya petrenko
has been speaking exclusively with the
secretary-general of the CAS here's what
he found after the Court of Arbitration
for sport said no 247 Russian athletes
and coaches just as the Pyeongchang
Winter Games were getting underway
perhaps the number one conclusion that
came upon some people's mind was that
presumption of innocence doesn't apply
to the Russian doping scandal
well the cast secretary-general didn't
literally say that the key law principle
didn't work for Cass but see for
yourself how much it applied to the
Russians the fact that they are unable
to show the guilt of an athlete doesn't
mean that the athlete has nothing to do
at all with the case and is totally
innocent this is a logical consequence
and this is nothing bad again about it
mr. Riebe maintains that leaving the
group of clean Russian athletes on paper
of the Winter Olympics isn't a sanction
also I found out that the refusal of the
IOC to get the dozens of Russian
athletes onboard the Olympics in some
cases was a result of pure suspicion in
other cases it was a result of some real
evidence which however mr. Riebe hasn't
seen after all he wasn't a member of the
panel but the secretary-general promised
that this evidence will soon be
published so let's wait for now
let's have a look at the other
highlights of my exclusive interview a
cast has been shown something right yes
the people here there was no review of
every the Sochi case was not discussed
here the mclaren report was not
discussed here it's only the review of
the IOC process so it was not a sanction
it was an eligibility issue I understand
the reaction of the public in Russia
because it doesn't seem logical exactly
the Russian side doesn't see the logic
here how is stripping a person of the
right to compete at the Olympics not a
sanction this is a special procedure
because they created a special
Commission so the cast panel here
reviewed these criteria and said they
were fair please let me get this
straight the sochi case and the
Pyeongchang case you are saying that
there are absolutely no contradictions
between the two decisions yes the fact
that you cannot establish the give
evidence of the give of the eltz doesn't
mean that you have established the
innocence of the athlete you see what I
mean I'm sorry but I thought that was
the exact job of cast to determine
whether that suspicion is enough for
that kind of band maybe that there are
suspicions which are not confirmed by
sufficient evidence I don't know if I'm
clear because it's a little bit
complicated it is you can have some
elements which show some suspicious
actions by the athletes but they may not
be sufficient to convince the panel that
for sure this athlete is guilty of an
anti-doping relation but it doesn't mean
that the athlete did nothing at all
there may be some some strange
actions which could lead to some
suspicion so you are saying there can be
more transparency it's possible it's
possible yes as he heard a couple of
minutes ago when Cass initially
overturned the IOC bans of the Sochi
athletes the International Olympic
Committee was very critical of the court
Thomas back demanded reforms and I asked
the secretary-general
if anyone returned to these ideas after
the final decision on the Russian
athletes was made and the answer was no
so it turns out when the Court of
Arbitration for sport came up with a
verdict that fully satisfied the IOC
nobody wants to reform castes anymore
