a uk-based public relations firm called
89 up which backs the best for Britain
campaign alongside George Soros released
the report on Russia's media allegedly
influencing brakes it the PR firm claims
for example we run exaggerated stories
on the refugee flow into Europe that is
despite the monetary in crisis being
high on the agenda of almost every
European country for some time it also
mentions that our T's reach on social
media was about a quarter of the sizes
all the UK's brexit campaigns combined
potentially influence over 100 million
so-called impressions it is unclear that
whether that's a backhanded comment to
RT social media department or not well
Alan scared former professor of history
believes that this is a clear case of
hypocrisy
it's perfectly clear that from previous
research that if the Russia was tweeting
it made no difference whatsoever but it
is very hypocritical of this new group
which backs you know an anti brexit
campaign which is for overturning the
Democratic will of the British people to
start talking about the Russians
inferencing democracy
