Pakistan's national security adviser is
warning against America's strategy in
neighboring Afghanistan and his urging
Pakistan to negotiate with the Taliban
we got some insight on this from the
chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party
he was also the son of former Prime
Minister Benazir Bhutto and widely
tipped to be the country's next leader
he told Samira Khan that he thinks that
the US has lost its way in the long run
in conflict Pakistan has been a strong
ally of the US and the war on terror but
it's been about 16 years and there's
still no end in sight how would you
change Pakistan policy in Afghanistan
unfortunately the Afghan war has turned
into this forever war with the United
States as lot site of its objectives it
seems that they don't know why they're
there what they want to do or how they
gonna get out the fact of the matter is
that 75 percent of Afghanistan witnesses
terrorist activity 45 percent of
Afghanistan is not in the control of the
Iran government we want there to be
peace in Afghanistan but it has to be an
afghan-led peace and the Afghan
government and NATO forces need to start
taking responsibility for their failures
if in this long in this forever war they
haven't been successful it's time for us
to rethink what we're doing I and the
Pakistan Peoples Party believe a
non-interventionist foreign policies in
that change if change is to take place
it has to take place domestically and
organically and unfortunately we've seen
that the West could overly excited by
the Arab Spring and didn't allow it to
take its organic conclusion and we
shouldn't focus on individuals we
shouldn't try and advance political
agendas States political agendas whether
it's a Nirvana stance Syria or in Iraq
and we should let the people of Syria
decide their future
we've always always in our previous
government emphasize good relations with
all countries particularly our neighbors
I don't think it's fair to expect from
Pakistan that they won't maintain good
relations with China who's been our
all-weather friend and absolutely
important ally to our country or even
Iran who is our neighbor I'm really
happy to see cooperation between
Pakistan and Russia increasing and I'm
very optimistic that this partnership
will continue to increase we like to be
treated with respect and the people of
Russia and the government of Russia have
been very respectful to the government
and the people of Pakistan
