hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
while Washington's political elites
chatter endlessly about memos the u.s.
continues to deepen its role in the
Syrian proxy war of course there's no
public debate about this and are the two
Koreas giving peace a chance
Krauss fucking some real news i'm joined
by my guest mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
annals we also have Victor Levesque he
is a political analyst as well as a
leading expert at the center for actual
politics and of course we have Dimitri
Bobbitt she's a political analyst with
Sputnik International all right
gentlemen crosstalk girls in effect that
means you can jump in anytime you want
and I always appreciate it
let's first talk about what's going on
in in Syria here as a avid watcher of
cable news in the West and I don't
always enjoy it but I feel obligated to
watch it yeah the coverage of Syria is
it's very interesting there's only one
angle primarily and that's how Trump is
defeated Isis that is the when you hear
about Syria the resident of the United
States believe it or not there's almost
no mention of the role that Russia has
played since September 2015 that was the
tipping point but you know you know I'm
quibbling I suppose but you know one of
the programs I do like to watch is
Tucker Carlson I think he as a
conservative I can identify with him on
many issues I think he's right on some
might disagree and he brought on a guest
on February 8th to talk about Syria
which was I thought was you know I was
very happy to hear maybe a critical view
of what's going on he had a guest and
while that guest repeated the usual
bluster let's give it a watch guys
you've got Bashar al-assad who's
obviously a dictator but he was against
Isis too and now we're fighting him it
seems demented to me and I bet you if
you polled most Americans they would
agree with me well what I think you know
the administration is doing now and what
President Trump is do is now is shifting
from Isis to Iran and you know in Russia
is heavily involved and you know there's
a lot of people I think rightly asking
why not just let the Russians take care
of it well I'll tell you a couple of
reasons one the Russians don't care
about Isis they care about defending
Assad two they're aligned with Iran and
Iran has made more gains in the last
decade under the Obama administration in
terms of advancing its hegemony which is
not in the United States interest or
Israel's interest then they've made in
the last thousand years and three I'll
quote a former NATO commander who said
the Russians
have weaponized refugees piled them into
Europe allowed Isis to infiltrate and
have done more to destabilize our
partners in Europe and the Warsaw Pact
ever did so I think all of those things
that are in I'm sad with respect that's
just pure propaganda in my opinion
picture react to that because I mean we
could spend the entire program
deconstructing only that one small part
of that segment that played on their
boriates go so essentially microvolts
finds himself in a hard spot why because
he has to explain he has to respond to
to tucker carlson
in a very simple question Assad is
fighting Isis the United States
officially says that it's fighting Isis
so why is the United States attacking
Assad's forces instead of Isis simple
question no simple answer well no we got
a non-answer we got it we got it exactly
deflection it was it was a deflection
because he did not want to say the truth
the official American policy is very
different from the real policy that
Washington pursues and the real policy
that Washington pursues is aimed at
eliminating Assad as the leader of Syria
that's and that's one reason by the way
that Isis flourished in Syria without
the support that the the NT Assad forces
initially got from the US from Britain
some other countries some other allies
of the US Isis would not have flourished
his well I mean if they hadn't been the
illegal invasion of Iraq in 2003 it
never works in here so that's what he
says you know Iran has been gaining more
influence you know spreading it quit
because of what let's declared or beauty
it's weak is it because of what Iran is
doing or what other actors are doing
because obviously it is other actors
well if it hadn't been for the US
invasion of Iraq in 1991 you know if it
had not been for the US invasion of Iraq
in 2003
Iran would have never been so
influential it's as simple as that even
the mainstream media
it in the constant attempts to combat
with a ludicrously called Iranian
hegemony which is simple the fact that
Iran has some influence against the
overwhelming Middle East to Germany of
the United States Israel and Saudi
Arabia this this tripod alliance they
refused to allow any other country
particularly a weak country like Syria
to be allied with Iran the u.s. decides
who is allowed to be alloyed with who
and who isn't allowed to be allied with
you and they never noticed that all
their attempts to role black some
fictional Iranian increase in Iranian
hegemony I mean just think about of that
who's really the hegemon here but their
continual efforts in Syria and and
directed against Iran they have pushed
Russia and Iran Russia Iran and China
closer together Russian the Russian
government years ago wouldn't have
wanted to be caught dead in bed with
Iran now they find they have so many
geopolitical interests in common and
they can deal with them so
professionally compared to the
Westerners that you know we're looking
at another defacto strategic partnership
it's interesting it when you have to
when you compare maybe Russia's
relationship with Iran and and how it
has to negotiate honest baby-step level
with Turkey for example it's both with
Iran and with China it it really grew
not Putin's time I of course it do more
but it started growing in the 1990s when
the Western stltom was the President of
Russia it wasn't because he also was in
CMake and he wasn't it wasn't because
his administration was Samko somehow
against bush man it wasn't it was
because it was a natural relationship
the United States pushing Pax Americana
won't like to be the only superpower in
the world and not letting anyone else
have a voice
it was consolidating other powers in
this fighter for the u.s. because with
the end of the communist ideology Russia
actually began realizing its own real
national interest it wasn't blinding
blinded by ideological goggles here go
ahead I'm returning to this hilarious
video I mean when Michael Walt says that
we must counter Iranian influence who
kidnapped the Lebanese Prime Minister
kept him against his will in Riyadh for
several weeks
Iran oh no it happened to be Saudi
Arabia but we forgot about it who just
bought the Syrian forces killing 100 ok
that's that's where I want to go here on
this okay no but the I'm glad we're
dovetailing into them on the mark we
have this Israeli jet that crashed we
don't know exactly what happened to it
but I was really fascinated but it was
predictable how they is Israelis and
Washington mimicking what Tel Aviv's
talking points were it's all about Imran
ok here here is a country that you know
the United States attacks pro-government
forces in in Syria over a hundred people
are killed and then we have this jet
that goes down we don't know exactly
what the circumstances are but then the
talking point is it's a rands fault to
be growing after Earth Iranian assets in
Syria Israel has admitted in recent
hours that it was brought down by Syria
so anti air defense right yeah Israel
presents as their justification for
their most recent attack on Syria and
let's be clear when we're talking is
Raya uses the excuse of defense
self-defense and everything Maddox is
saying also golden yeah Wow
militarily invading and occupying on
Syria Israel has attacked Syria over 100
times since 2011 in fact they call it
the Promenade the idea that Israeli
fighters just owned Syrian airspace and
enemies and do whatever they want there
well this has come to an end as of
yesterday ok well is that victory is
this an escalation or is it sending a
very strong signal and what is Russia's
role in this because there is some kind
of debate here that on one
one of them is that Damascus has had
enough considering what Mark just said
there that they are going to start
reacting here or is it the the Russians
and the Iranians whispering in Assad's
ear I can't think the the Syrians are
saying enough is enough
they will strike back look when the
Syrian civil war started in 2011 in
there and and spread to other regions of
Syria with the support of the West with
the support of the United States Israel
and the Israeli leadership was sure that
the opposition would will and that Assad
would lose he would he would go and then
a pro-american regime would would come
in in Damascus and some four years
Israel has supported certain radical
Islamic formations in Syria this is not
a secret even Israeli newspapers like
favorites have written about Islamic
fighters being taken to hospitals in
deed and and other groups - and and now
in the last few years after Russia
turned the tide in Syria and it is now
obvious to everyone in the field that
Assad is going to stay he's not going to
go no matter how many pronouncements
about that are going to be made by Trump
by pants by Torsen or anyone else for
that matter Israel is now faced with a
very different situation so Israel now
understands that country it would tell
have you expected Iranian influence in
Syria is not going to decrease so but it
is going to increase more more and
Israel now what's a stake in the future
of Syria and that's why the u.s.
sustained it because they want a stake
in the future before we go to the right
let me just look at it from another
angle I mean they keep talking about
Israel's security well before the Syrian
war the Golan hates was the quiet
backwater of Israel - his group's marte
Golan Heights a Syrian territory easily
occupied about security tourists were
taken there it was the safest location
in Israel now it's a war zone
why because the Israeli government
together with Western governments
decided to do some regime change in
Syria and now they're crying that Iran
is spreading its influence no mr.
Netanyahu comes to Moscow to negotiate
that Russians would somehow pressure
Iran not to spread into that area they
have themselves to blame for stuck in
that war if there is any jump in here
gentlemen here and we're going to go to
a short break and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on some
real news stay with our team welcome
back to crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter Lavelle to remind
you were discussing some real news
okay Mikey before we went to the break
you want to finish up on Syria Syria
this is the whole situation is
escalating so quickly we've had at least
one Israeli jet shot down right in most
recent hours we've had his ray Syrian
Pro Syrian government Arab tribes in
East Syria attacked by the United States
and over a hundred of them killed
there's rumors about whether Russian
security contractors were killed as well
that's that's unconfirmed as of yet we
had Tudor at one or possibly two Turkish
helicopter shot down over Afrin by the
Kurdish forces that are resisting the
Turkish invasion of Syria there and we
have a Russian fighter that was shot
down by a man pad this follows multiple
drone swarm attacks on Russian military
bases the Syrian conflict is at a point
of escalation and crisis that we haven't
even seen before the low-hanging but you
boys really know that if you were
watching cable network Israel and the
u.s. really show is that if there's
anyone that has a right of self-defense
it is Syria against Israel the United
States Turkey Saudi Arabia and so
there's not a very short pointer it's
another reason for this escalation well
March 18th they're going to be
presidential elections in Russia it is
very very well known date in the United
States and other Western capitals and
one of the things they're trying to do
these days is to discredit the Russian
position as much as they can before the
elections so in the next month month and
a half we will see more of the small
these attempts to propaganda information
war attacks on Russian interests around
the world not just in Syria everything
is possible well I just can say that
don't forget about Russian meddling in
US elections where you see direct us
Mendon in Russian okay
don't worry well we'll probably later
later in the week we'll go back to a
memo gate there's gonna be more memos
coming up but I want to talk about some
diplomacy in optics mark the opening of
the Olympic Games who's the winner and
who's the loser from an optics point of
view go ahead
peace is the winner is the winner the
sight of the two Koreas the North Korean
delegation entering South Korea and
marching together the Olympics under a
unified unification flag without reason
without the war without the border this
was incredible and there's one point
person on scene who was extremely upset
by this and had to give his protest
against peace and that was the u.s.
president Mike Pence vice president I'm
sorry he refused to stand up for the for
the host right
South Korea because it was a joint
unification team he refused to shake
hands with any of the North Korean dead
of its he had this look on his face and
actually the the side eye that Kim
jong-un's sister who is leading the
North Korean Delavan delegation sitting
behind mike pence gave him that's that's
gone viral over the internet shows I
think you know for once the world with
North Korea side on this showing disgust
at the u.s. throwing a tantrum on even
the prospect that some peace gestures
are being made in the Koreas it's
disgusting
you know Victor I mean the the North
Korean leader otherwise known by some
people as rocket man is turning into be
quite a great diplomat when you say
diplomat and somebody who has been for
years posturing himself positing himself
as a deal maker and writing a book art
of the deal well what has temper said
for the past year almost every day
Twitter speeches writings and so forth
they're more of a General Assembly yes
speech in front of the General Assembly
locked and loaded ready to attack
flattery
exactly almost every single day on a
daily basis and tamp essentially his
administration kept saying that the
United States will not negotiate with
North Korea
until and unless Pyongyang gets rid of
its nuclear program and so forth
pyongyang has not has not compromised
when a single negotiating issue not a
single one and what has happened it has
been able to negotiate with South Korea
to go to come into the Olympics as a
single team now how Kim joy may have a
visit exactly he has just invited the
new South Korean president to North
Korea a historic visit if it happens and
what has this happened the main reason
is that pulled South and North Korea
they do not want a war on the table they
know their own national interests of
Koreans or the South well I think we
should at least mention on this program
that no Russian flags were allowed at
this Olympic ceremony that the Russian
team actually had to march as Olympic
athletes from Russia in neutral coals
and I think let me play here at that was
advocate I think it's a good development
because there were many people in Russia
who did not receive the message from the
West you know who said that the Russian
television is exaggerating they are not
so hostile okay you've got sanctions
you've got the Kremlin list
you've got threats of war now if you
didn't get that look at your Olympic
athletes you know in neutral cause look
at the Russian flag being banned and if
you don't take if you don't you know
make conclusions out of that sorry you
are just blind one short development
before that just days before the Olympic
Games started the sports court
international sports courts yes in yes
in was at Lausanne in Switzerland
acquitted the 8:23 three Russian
athletes and then the International
Olympic Committee said still even though
they have been cleared they're not going
to let them go this this got appealed to
the same court there to say we're in the
Swiss court so you a collective punish
to force
and the court said after IRC threatened
it the court said no no yes the court
said that there's no evidence that these
28 Russian athletes did you know any
doping that were involved in any way and
still the International Olympic
Committee that's still clearly dominated
by Western political machinations here
denied them that them coming so because
the Russian you know the humorous thing
is that the court said there is no
evidence that these Russians use doping
but there is no evidence that IOC was
partial to them so they can't go this is
rusev yes but but you know I think why I
think it's still a good development
sports is not life sports is about
imitating life preparing yourself for
difficulties so if Russians don't get
the message now then we are simply not
worthy of that of the daily victories I
mean it just it's just destroying the
the Olympic tradition okay I mean you
can criticize you know it's it's all
about money and it's about sponsors you
know and all the big sports franchise
you know but I mean at the end of the
day it's about individuals competing
against others and and that that layer
is being peeled away and it's the
legitimizing I have to wonder I you know
let's take those 28 yes but you know how
are the athletes when they prove them
when they conduct their games isn't
gonna be in the back of their head it's
like well you know the best person in
this field is not on the field right now
well it cheapens to every single medal
alright this is one this is the most
horrible thing you know the British team
advocated a total ban on the Russian
team at the real games the same voices
were heard about these games you know
the problem is the problem is North
Korea did not compromise on anything and
their team is in in in South Korea
Russia compromised on everything we said
we are going to clear up our world you
know rusada you know the anti-doping
agency in russia we made every
compromise with the International
Olympic Committee what did we get no
look at this ceremony hall
reminds you lose it you lose it is cut
you in and and they look at as more you
accommodate more they will take the more
they will take regardless of this I mean
the us may have won a temporary petty
political victory here but regardless
Russia still has the third largest
contingent at these Olympics weather
weather what is the matter what is the
metals but maybe you guys already know
what is the metals but charm look like I
mean South Korea Norway and then rather
than writing Russian Olympic Russia
they're writing Olympic athletes from
Russia with unite everyone knows who
those medals belong to and at the end of
this Olympics according to the
agreements that have been made if Russia
abides by all of this banning of their
flag in their anthem everything at the
end of the Olympics Russia with its
medals intact will be able to march
under the Russian flat least since the
last forty years it has not been about
sports it was about politics let's face
it and and I think you know the
stupidity of the American side I think
mark is not quite right about them
gaining a victory they wanted people
Russia to hate Putin because the hour at
least did not go to German flag okay
what a quarter is Russian people hating
IOC and the United States I mean not the
United States but they relate for doing
all of these ugly things to our athletes
that's the complete opposite for this
segment here gentlemen I'm gonna go back
to the possible reproach moment of the
two careers what is the next step I mean
I started out this part by talking about
the optics of it what's the next step to
really be gained on these objects the
most important step for South Koreans
for North Korean this is to get the
United States out of these negotiations
as far they're not going to be out
completely of course especially
considering the American influence there
that the influence that Washington
sizes in South Korea and so but to get
the US as far out of these negotiations
as possible and the farther the u.s. is
out of there the more chance there is to
make agreements both in hue in the
humanitarian sphere in the military
sphere and border issues and other
issues family reunification issues and
the less chance there is for armed
conflict and opinion 25-second as with
the situation in Israel Palestine North
Korea South Korea the biggest obstacle
to a genuine successful peace process is
us interference u.s. pursuit of hegemony
using this divide and conquer rule in
both places it is in US interest
hegemonic interests to keep both
conflicts going divide and conquer they
okay gentlemen many thanks to my guests
here in Moscow and thanks to our viewers
for watching us here at RT this is the
end of our broadcast segment stay with
us for the extended version on our
YouTube channel see you next time and
remember crosstalk rules
now for the extended version of our
program okay batter up Deema what was on
your mind
political potpourri well I just love
this New York Times story about Russian
agent you know Russian shadow individual
who got one hundred thousand from US
intelligence guy that conned the
American exactly it was the amount of
$100,000 promising them to give
information on mr. Trump consorting with
prostitutes in a Moscow hotel in 2013
among other things
somebody's peddling the same story image
the image that's happening in the
fantasy land it really keeps them going
somebody sold this bill of goods twice
let me stick with the article the
article says that there remains no
evidence that such a video actually
exists you know like there are two
things which the United States keep
repeating you know and there is
absolutely no evidence but they say that
there is evidence it's like in the
Middle Ages you know the Holy Grail is
Trump's video with these prostitutes the
philosophical stone is you know this
evidence of Russian meddling in u.s.
elections they keep talking about anyone
I don't want to sound crass right here
what if such pictures appeared is it
illegal
no well exposed evidence you can't be
it's useless okay it's embarrassed the
point is this obsession with naked
pictures first of all it's a fantasy
land obsession of course nothing none of
this really exists the point of view of
they make an intelligence community the
one that they state over and over again
is that it's it raises the possibility
of blackmail even with reporter step
secretary to Donald Trump who has just
been relieved of his duties last week
because here two of his ex-wives accused
him of domestic abuse does that have to
do with his job
what did the FBI actually say
they said that these allegations raised
the possibility of him being blackmailed
by somebody who would find out about
this and then force like his ex-wives
American politics has long been obsessed
with sex right because American politics
is primarily entertainment for the
masses right this illusion of democratic
system and and so on and and and the the
the sexual titillation provided by
episodes like this is what drives media
it drives sales it drys profits it
drives the whole political and rigmarole
around the world go to hell with is
handbasket in people this is just adding
a little fuel to the fire
do you notice that all the corrupt
activity that or semi corrupt activity
that Dick Cheney was involved in when
Halliburton was getting all those
contracts in Iraq and all those feelings
of this was a hundred million dollars or
prostitutes question mark Dick Cheney
and Halliburton this is all very
interesting about the past but I stick
with the present so this Russian agent
he showed American intelligence
community a fifteen seconds long clip in
the Russian embassy of a man who was
talking to women the New York Times idea
was that there was no way to see if it
was drunk or someone else and he asked
for ten million dollars from them for
this then his mistake was a Viktor let
me just finish that Hillary story his
mistake was he dropped his asking price
from 10 million to 1 million
that was the mistake after that they
stopped following his trips to his
mistress to Vienna and his returns to
st. Petersburg and asked him to leave
Western Europe you know with the
American intelligence community he go
for the gold always go for the most
monster stupidity and never drop your
asking price you know like Trump
consorting with prostitutes Russian
steel in American elections Russians
targeting American voting booths that's
in the end of that article if the moment
when you blink you know the moment when
you drop your asking price you are all I
think it's a Larry this guy you can't
you let CIA I one of the most remarkable
moments for this week was Secretary of
State Tillerson well within breaths of
each other
denouncing Chinese imperialism Chinese
imperialism right don't laugh
Chinese imperialism while in that very
same breath praising the Monroe Doctrine
of the United States of us hegemony over
South America and saying that it
basically saying that it should be part
of US policy today you in American in
the war a while
what country's gaining influence in
Latin America every single day China in
the view of the American foreign policy
establishment I mean the only the prime
reason for the American hegemony is to
keep cont the other countries free of
others hegemony
that's the only reason free and
democratic and completely subservient to
the United States freedom exactly so I'm
sure the Venezuelans keep that whatever
there is only one story that I can care
compared to a person talking about
Monroe Doctrine and Chinese imperialism
that is the Austrian Green President
Alexander van der Barron inviting
President poroshenko from Ukraine to a
Viennese ball you know the the Austrian
president has the right to invite one
person free of charge to the N and he
chose poroshenko
the person in whose country 10,000
people just got killed but this is all
very green and nice for Alexander
Vanderbilt so it was like green death to
me dancing together in a Viennese Waltz
because you're not admitted unless you
dance what Jesus let's go back to naked
pictures doesn't a woman arrested for
exposing
and I think they were there was far more
relevant things in recent weeks that we
haven't discussed by the user rain in
Ukraine they have instituted a new
national militia the national warriors
lugina and they are almost all composed
of Azoff veterans Azoff is a literal
neo-nazi a banderite fascist battalion
that the Western media has reported on
numerous times when they slip and and
and noted their ideology and their
violence and their atrocities and so on
these are let's call them what they are
they're brown shirts reject here what I
found really a Markab we've been
covering this from the very very
beginning and we've been scoffed at why
talking about non Nazi fascist well you
know the story that did that really
caught my eyes on anti-war calm when
they have their viewpoints segment I saw
this thing about neo-fascists and in in
in Ukraine and I clicked on it much to
my surprise it was Voice of America was
the the link I mean finally grudgingly
coming to the realization that they have
been backing obvious forces for since
the Maidan yeah too bad they couldn't
notice them back in 2000 that
information passes to Voice America
there are more lethal weapons being
passed to Ukraine than even more than
before in the Left calls Trump a fascist
while the the US government is actually
there is an even funnier point to that
you know these brown shirts whom even
the Guardian called neo-nazis they are
out of Battalion they've got an approval
from the government to form their
voluntary with your fans
they're integrated now and yes they're
parallel institution to the police and
they have fought on the streets on the
first day that they were inseparable
within salinity president poroshenko
approved it and president poroshenko is
invited to Vienna by the president who
claims he has defeated the outer right
Austrian candidate at the Austrian
election you know Norbert Hoffer so mr.
parish anko who approved Brownshirts
to march on the streets of Kiev he's not
out right he is a friend of a green
president and you know the the Austrian
Freedom Party which won the recent
election and which was simply bought
from winning the presidential election
they're horrible european outright they
should be stopped by all means this is
the hypocrisy of all of this any other
points with gentlemen for this segment
here you guys all ran out of gas here
okay that'll be all for the extended
version of our program I hope you
enjoyed it we'll see you next week and
remember crosstalk rules
