he tells we're coming in about a
passenger playing crash indeed we're
getting more in on that now it seems
it's crushed outside Moscow region which
is pretty close to Moscow Moscow County
more Agastya see with me now NORAD as
are these things the details are sketchy
to start with we believe the airline
involved here was a Serato fare loans we
believe it's a Russian plane and an-148
and the flight number we think was 6w
703 for any of friends of valiant I'll
be watching the concern this plane took
off I think from Domodedovo Airport
which is of course one of Moscow's three
main airports yet three big airports and
this was a regional flight throughout of
airlines from dominate of airport Moscow
to Orenburg a city sorry orsk which is
the city in the autumn Berg or Oblast
region just north of Kazakhstan
basically it's two-hour flight
these these are done you know these are
flown every day multiple times nothing
out of the ordinary but we now have
reports that witnesses saw reportedly
this is unverified but this is what
we're seeing from various news sources
witnesses saw a flaming aircraft crash
we've we've just read this rescuers
we've been told by the emergency
services have been dispatched to look
for this jet and there again it
disappeared seven minutes after takeoff
from da Madeira Airport just seven
minutes after takeoff it disappeared
from radars and a an-148 Antonov one for
eight so it shouldn't take too long of
course because it's not not too far from
the capital it shouldn't take too long
for the rescue efforts to get underway
we'll be finding out over the coming of
hours I guess how many people would be
going out there from the emergency
services there's been no word yet about
casualties whether anyone has survived
this or not
two early days yeah no we have we have
absolutely nothing on that yet there was
65 passengers apparently on the plane 71
with with the crews of six crew members
as well more than that though I've got
to mention the weather in Moscow sure
you know Kevin yeah it's
awful atrocious this past week or so
we've still snowing outside now is
cookin two weeks exactly a very poor
visibility Moscow was absolutely buried
the city was paralyzed in recent
memories people that should make a
difference this plane often there were
stories of some of the older Russian
planes crashing the topple off on five
four etc but this plane antonov one four
eight and reading up about it now it's
not one I'm particularly familiar when
they don't fly these things very often
instead of a regional jet airliner
apparently pretty new in design it first
took to the air around 2004 no I'm just
looking at some of the stats about it
now no particular fatal crashes before
there was an accident apparently during
its development that was back in 2011
but it doesn't look like there's been
any fatal accidents with it since so it
seems like it's been a safe plane as you
say these planes these have regional
airliners Russia's a big country taken
off every day every few hours flying
people around from Moscow and around
this huge exactly the plane is by you
know buys the standards of aircraft it's
relatively new and with these planes if
you have the proper maintenance if you
have the proper procedures of everything
that's followed in the chance the chance
of a catastrophes it is incredibly small
the chance of a crash other than
something something unforeseen going
wrong again I'm mentioning the weather
here because it is incredibly this
highly abnormal visibility has been very
poor there's been enormous huge
quantities of snow that have fallen over
central Russia the army was mobilized
mobilized the clear Moscow of snow so
that motorists could at least get to
work and even pedestrians it's it's been
it's been terrible but again this we we
don't have enough information as to what
happened if indeed it was flaming in the
sky if it was on fire while it was in
the air then that is something entirely
different that could be any manner of
things could be a failure terrorism
I'm looking at Saratov Airlines here
again when people think of Russian
Airlines they mainly think of the
national flag carrier certainly before
an Aeroflot that's got an extremely good
safety reputation these days runs very
new fleet they they call it one of the
one of the newest fleets their air buses
Boeing's
they don't really run Russian planes
anymore although they do run some of the
sooo hi super Jets don't they but
generally not over - over the Europe
looking at Sarat of Airlines here seems
it was formed back in 1931 it's a
company's been going for a long time in
December 2013 it became the first
Russian operator of Embraer e-jets again
they've got a very good reputation for
for reliability but that wasn't the
plane we think was involved here now as
of October 2015
Russian aviation authorities sanctioned
apparently Saratov Airlines after a
violation of security rules reading in
here the airline was therefore no longer
allowed to operate flights to
destinations outside of Russia from the
26 of October 2015
that was reinstated May 2016 but
obviously there have been in the past
I'm just researching this isms peeking
there have been safety concerns about
this airline in the past well there you
go
but again it's it's early days to talk
about reasons or causes we don't even
know how many people you know have been
hurt in this in this incident there is
an update there was an update just
really it's just been actually posted on
the wiki page now it before we've got it
saying a Serato Vale owns a an-148
flying from Domodedovo to ask that we
think took offer and about two o'clock
this afternoon crash near the village of
Aragon over in Moscow region moscow
oblast aragon over you're not familiar
with that mouth southeast i think south
east of moscow mmm what's the territory
like round there moscow itself around
here is pretty flat no big mountains or
anything when you're heading that far
again same thing same thing general you
know gentle hills flat land swamps
forests how difficult would be for
emotions you service
to get out there is it pretty
well-connected Moscow Moscow in the
surrounding Moscow suburbs and
surrounding Moscow 50 kilometers
anywhere you go great infrastructure
Road so they'll be able to get to the
location relatively quickly if of course
the snow again the snow the visibility
if that doesn't hamper them mmm okay so
let's go through what we what we know
again at the moment if you just joined
us this is RT International sad news
coming through that we hear in the last
hour or so a passenger plane has crashed
we believe it was an antonov an-148 that
was operated by surat off airlines
carrying 65 passengers and six crew
we've got a flight number I'm starting
reading this down here it's flight
number 6w 703 we believe it's crashed
outside of Moscow city itself in the in
the Moscow County it was heading the
central rough Russia and it was run by
Saratov Airlines it was heading to a
place called ask in central Russia
