the war in Yemen is over a thousand days
old and the humanitarian crisis in the
country is only getting worse
according to the UN almost 47,000
Yemenis have been displaced since
December of reports of children being
killed or injured in saudi-led air
strikes keep coming in we spoke to some
of those affected I should warn you you
may find some of the following images
disturbing Nigerian Latin Harlequin
hamster died in kalamoon Gavilan Booga
Yap is a delivery gives a very bizarre
ojala one forget the real universe are
hollow wall kind of parable also a magma
can but you've dead
stutters like I run up the bath valley
so having out what Demi Michelle Alicia
we are given but a certain Ikeda b-daman
Hagar a small shelf in a shelf but then
she's not it's not that suburbia I said
who are they get away
just to remind you the saudi-led
coalition started its incursion in Yemen
back in 2015
against the Houthi opposition fighters
that seized power in the country since
then Saudi Arabia has been under
pressure from the international
community and finally started sending
aid to civilians the logo painted on
their tents saying Saudi Arabia Kingdom
of humanity author abdel bari @one says
it's hardly humane to wait three years
into a bombing campaign - suddenly then
send aid the Saudi actually after three
years of bombardment by all means from
air from see from grounds they did not
actually put an end to this war and
declare victory and now more than ten
thousand people were killed most of them
civilian and also thereof that the
famine is imposed in Yemen is a very
drastic situation and in the top of that
they are saying that we are caring about
the humanitarian side of this war we are
helping the Yemeni people
I believe that Saudi is hugely
embarrassed they started this war three
years ago and now the international
community can see that the drastic
effect on the people and saying to the
Saudi enough is enough
