the South Korean president said he's
ready to accept an invitation to visit
Pyongyang from the North Korean leader
if certain conditions are met this
potentially sets up the first meeting
between Korea's leaders in more than a
decade the invitation was delivered by
Kim Jong Un's
sister who is attending the Winter
Olympics in South Korea she's the first
member of North Korea's ruling family to
visit the South since the 1950s she met
with president moon for three hour talks
and the opening ceremony of the Winter
Games also hinted at thawing ties
between the two states with both teams
marching together
and while media attention focused on the
VIP section at the opening ceremony it
was revealed but not everyone was too
happy about the unified Korean team u.s.
vice president Mike Pence made headlines
by not standing up as the Korean team
marched during the ceremony reports say
he was one of a few who remained seated
and did not applaud pence later explains
that he came to South Korea to cheer us
athletes but still the recent friendlier
relations between the two countries are
widely seen as a breakthrough that's
after the countries held their first
talks in two years Hong Kong City
University's Joseph Cheng a political
sciences professor believes the
presidential invitation is a major step
forward this is a small brick floor
president moon of South Korea
understands that his people would like
to see a de-escalation of tension in the
Korean Peninsula the conditions normally
will be cessation of nuclear tests and
missile tests on the part of North Korea
and North Korea in turn will demand
termination of large-scale military
exercises on the part of South Korea and
the United States well the two Koreas
were able to march under a single
unified flag Olympic athletes from
Russia from the Oh AR team as it's known
entered the opening ceremony under a
neutral flag however although the
Russian flag was banned by the
International Olympic Committee it still
found its way into the stadium RT Zelia
pachenko explains no Russian flags at
the opening ceremony nations parade in
Pyeongchang the IOC set some very strict
rules and promised no excuses for anyone
who'd violate them so who would have
thought the Russian tricolour would
still make it into the ceremony
all thanks to a
blunder by Korean TV just as Team France
were walking into the arena a Russian
flag I can bobbed up well while the Oh a
our team were carrying the white Olympic
flag many Russian flags flashed around
the arena at the stands but it turned
out that not only Russians brought them
there we spoke to an American fan who
grabbed one too I thought it would be
nice to you know show a bit of support
for them because they basically worked
for years for this moment to represent
their countries and now they can't and
so I was kind of trying to sort of you
know help them feel at home I was trying
to sort of send a message that they
should be included it because the
Olympics is for all countries I don't
exactly know the particulars of the
doping thing I don't know what the right
decision is really I'm just trying to
show a sense of unity I'm trying to kind
of put the politics aside I'm trying to
support these athletes because we know
for a fact that these athletes are clean
there's no doubt about it but then
they're being punished for what others
may or may not have done and so that's
collective guilt and I don't like
collective guilt I think when you have
all so many Russia's best athletes band
just before the games instead of you
know just for the game so they can't
appeal they don't actually have any they
don't communicate directly what they did
wrong but then all their best athletes
are sort of banned I think that is too
much to be a coincidence
and Saturday brings the first Olympic
medal to the team of Oh a R or Olympic
athletes of Russia short track skier
Semyon Ellis trot off has earned a
bronze which he later dedicated to all
those Russian athletes who were banned
from participating in the games
