a woman in California who's been a
prominent face of the anti harassment me
to movement has found herself at the
center of a sexual misconduct storm
she's been accused by at least two men
of inappropriate behavior Monte's Jaclyn
Booga has the story
Democratic Assemblywoman Christina
Garcia has a reputation as a fierce
advocate for women and has gained
national recognition for condemning
sexual misconduct Time magazine's
silence breakers issues centering on
speaking out against harassment even
featured Garcia's face in the artwork an
inclusion that Garcia was humbled by
posting on Twitter that she was proud of
the work being done and the issue is
clearly personal in October Garcia
revealed to the New York Times that she
has also been sexually assaulted by men
in her workplace multiple people have
grabbed my bust and grabbed my breasts
we're talking about senior lobbyists and
lawmakers earlier this week garcia even
helped pass a bill granting
whistleblower protections to legislative
staff who are victims of sexual
misconduct announcing after the bills
approval that you are not standing alone
and yet news has now broken up two men
accusing garcia of sexual harassment one
of the alleged victims is a former
legislative staffer highly ironic
considering the bill she helped pass is
meant to protect legislative staff a
probes already been launched into the
incident alleged to have happened back
in 2015 after an assembly softball game
daniel Fierro claims that while she was
intoxicated Garcia rubbed his back and
squeezed his buttocks before attempting
to do more Fierro then reportedly
quickly extracted himself from the
situation and it looks like this may
even be a pattern for Garcia as a second
accuser story is eerily similar an
unnamed lobbyist alleges that a drunk
Garcia costed him last May making
graphic sexual proposals while trying to
grab his crotch she came back and was
whispering real close and I could smell
the booze and say she was pretty far
gone she looked at me for a second and
said I've set a goal for myself to fuck
he says he adamantly rejected the offer
at this point Garcia's camp has only
responded to the first accusation the
details of these claims have
never been brought to my attention until
today I can also say I have zero
recollection of engaging inappropriate
behavior and such behavior is
inconsistent with my values but if we've
learned anything from the me2 movement
it's that accusations carry more weight
than denials and once one person comes
forward the floodgates tend to open
