Republican lawmakers in the US are
threatening to cut funding to the World
Health Organisation's cancer research
program that's after the International
Agency for research on cancer that
America's most widely used weed killer
made by Monsanto is probably
carcinogenic agricultural giant Monsanto
strongly disagrees with the art with IR
classification of glyphosate the
International Agency for research on
cancer is part of the World Health
Organization it coordinates and conducts
research into the causes of cancer in
addition it leads cancer prevention
activities and helps shape the
international agenda some US lawmakers
found the organization's findings
doubtful irx unsubstantiated claims irx
irresponsible handling of data
y:i art should receive any government
funding in the future they're disputing
the organization's findings regarding
its leading herbicide called roundup
roundup is made by Monsanto and it's the
world's most widely used weed killer
since the 70s it's been sprayed on corn
soybeans cotton and other crops and
Republicans believe that the study was
flawed and relied on cherry-picks
science accusing the agency of lack of
transparency and anti industry bias they
say that if glyphosate is designated as
carcinogenic it will require
manufacturers and retailers to warn
workers and consumers and plus it'll
increased costs and instill fear in the
public some have disagreed with
Republicans it is important that we
review the methods and tactics that
industry has used to influence this
administration and attack independent
scientific organizations like the World
Health Organization's international
agency for research on cancer or IARC I
would like to say that fundamentally
this hearing is about the ability of a
public health agency to call a
carcinogen a carcinogen even if that
carcinogen makes a huge amount of money
for powerful corporations according to
the Center for Responsive Politics
Monsanto lobbied more than 4.3 million
dollars in 2017 the Environmental
Protection Agency which is not an
international organization concluded
that the same ingredient does not cause
cancer
and IARC says that they've been under
attack ever since they published their
conclusions against glyphosate at the
same time Monsanto has been pushing
against these findings through several
different means and the company is seen
as well quite controversial not only in
the US but all over the world
president micron promised in November
that glyphosate would be banned within
three years genetically modified crops
have been banned in over 35 different
countries but not banned in the u.s.
international organizations have
concluded that glyphosate could be
cancerous so these lawmakers intentions
are quite unclear
