welcome on at all for the Stan Collymore
Show this week we'll be taking you to
Zurich for the announcement of video
assistant referees you can hear a lot
more about this bar at the World Cup and
we've got behind the scenes of an
evening with yours truly first though
let's go to meit's in Germany where I
interviewed a man who could have played
for the defending world champions
Germany but instead chose to play for
Nigeria i sat down with the unbalanced
very interesting man to talk about the
Super Eagles hopes for this summer's
World Cup
Nigeria of course one of the 32 teams
that were being Russia at the World Cup
in the summer they're in a very tough
group as well Argentina and Leo Messi
Croatia and our favorites Iceland of
course that we featured earlier on in
the series we've come to chat to FSB -
defender and Nigerian Super Eagles
defender Leon balligan let's go have a
chat about his world cup oats you
injured the last World Cup
so how disappointed were you to not make
that squad and how excited are you if
you stay fit to go to Russia for them
for the biggest football tournament in
the world I think when I got that injury
in 2014 in the first moment I didn't
even realize that I'm gonna miss the
work of because it was my first cap and
but the coach back then was quite
serious and he told me afterwards I
think he even made a statement after
they got eliminated by France and he
missed me I think that was the moment
where I really realized what big chance
that would have been I saw them there
with I saw the superegos flying and they
did quite well so it was it was tough I
still don't realize that this is going
to happen I think I start to realized
more and more but I think the first
reaction when when we had the final
whistle when we qualified it was that I
broke down crying and frozen mr. Khan it
was that release the super-ego
it wasn't relief I just realized okay
it's going to happen but still that
feeling that that big excitement is not
is still to come
when all of the teams came out I'm sure
you're all on your little whatsapp
groups go yes how did you feel I joined
the water group later because I was
actually out training at the time they
made the draw some of my team mates and
the physios they told me already you
want to know you wanna say let me know
this is you have Argentina again I think
it's every World Cup but yeah it's it's
it's a big challenge but also it's a big
opportunity opportunity because I think
again nobody will have us on the list
and saying how they're gonna be
eliminated but I say and most of all my
complete team is with me on that point
we're gonna say we're gonna make it
through to the to the quarter-final to
beat whoever whoever comes then if we
read them we will see but of course we
want to leave the group stage and that's
the biggest go so far if an African
countries
or when an African country is gonna win
the World Cup it's gonna be Nigeria huge
amount of players huge amount of players
that have always played in Europe and
been successful
Karno jayjay Okocha for hundreds of
players and do you feel that that team
spirit Nerys is strong enough to carry
the expectation of the Nigerian nation
and I have a lot of Nigerian Liverpool
fans that follow me and they are
seriously hard on their club teams when
they support them and they're always
hard on me on the national team as well
some I think it was one coach we had
before I'm super he always said we have
170 million coaches outside exactly to
come up to the expectations I think we
we can't make up all expectations but I
think we can make them very proud and of
course it would be a big sensation and I
think if you ask any Nigerian like
serious what will you do if if Nigeria
brings home the World Cup they was they
were they will reply something like I
would have never expected them even
though they tell us even on Twitter
everywhere they say yes bring home this
World Cup make us proud get that trophy
but if we if we would really manage to
get it then it would be beyond the
expectation I think that would be the
world's biggest party probably one year
of celebration in Nigeria
as a kid growing up with having two
Heritage's did
what's that ever initiate what was it
like no I was just want to apply for
Nigeria
somehow I won't lie of course sometimes
you start okay playing for Germany
certainly isn't a bad thing they want to
work up 2014 but since I never gained
their attention
it was quite clear from the beginning
and I always probably you feel the same
because people they view you different
because you look different so you always
feel more attracted by that foreign side
so yeah same with me and therefore it
was always very strong relation to to my
Nigerian heritage I've been told lots of
things in the media don't go there and I
was told the same in Ukraine I was told
the same in South Africa and Brazil
before World Cups don't go if you're
black don't go to this area don't go to
that area there's racism I've got to be
honest I haven't seen anything Russians
have been very friendly to me does it
concern you at all that one thought
because I think football is the
international language and of course we
still see racism in football but if I
would think about racism before I think
about playing the game and enjoying the
World Cup then something will be wrong I
guess so why'd you feel an African
country hasn't won it yet and are we
getting to that stage now with it being
a global game everybody playing in each
of his League where it's going to happen
sooner rather than later
I hope but I think the the main problem
is that if I see Germany for example
they they build a new structure and it
starts with the youth African football
as in total you see that there are a lot
of problems besides football the focus
is not just on building up the future
and therefore becoming successful as a
nation but it's more like temporary
things then you have
maybe political issues inside of the
inside of the board or something like
there's a new president he has his Lobby
the nezam there's someone who's somebody
who's challenging challenging him so
it's almost it's too many different
problems that are not for the cost of
being successful those structures that
you need to build in an African football
you have to upgrade the league you have
to you have to build better conditions
for training better facilities you have
to catalyse the knee cap is that
something you'd like to be involved in
because I know that people like karna
we're gonna go out to on the shouting I
hear it too one of the things is we like
to talk to pros we like to talk to
former legends but go and look
underneath as well is that something
post-career you speak very well very
bright guy obviously that you would like
to be involved in post football career
to give something back to Nigeria and
Nigerian football it's definitely an
thought but I'm not too well-connected
right now because a lot of players on my
team in Nigeria national team right now
they come from academies I mean they are
there already but as as I said they need
to improve everything everything around
it like also the education
apart from football and but definitely
would be something that I'm interested
in like to be bringing up this nation
even more because as you said before you
have we have amazing football talents
God knows how many talents they are I
can't even tell you because it's too
many it's unbelievable I think I've seen
around 40 or 50 players since I ever
joined the Super Eagles coming in and
out because most of them stay but you
always have another one who is just
there for trial who gets a chance at the
end of the day it depends on the coach a
little bit and we have so many talented
players and I can't even tell how many
because as I said before I'm not too
well-connected in Nigeria finally oh I
saw your tweet and I'm a big anti racism
campaigner a big company clothing
company puts a little black kid in a
sweatshirt and it says
coolest little monkey in the jungle you
felt compelled to tweet about it do you
feel it's your responsibility in the
public eye as a professional footballer
to comment on social issues and if so
why I think because we have the we have
the range to address a lot of people and
with this issue in particular and I just
know that it's not just one person who
puts this online there's a couple of
persons who look over it and I say it's
either some kind of ignorance maybe
those people they they just didn't
realize the fact how people would react
on this but then on the same time I said
we're in 2018 we see what's going on and
in the USA but also all around the world
Blaise Matuidi was just insulted two or
three days ago again and Raheem Sterling
as well and Manchester guy got arrested
and sent to prison for racially abusing
it's happening every day I think it's
our responsibility I don't even blame
anyone or claim anyone at H&M is racist
but this should not be happening because
they also have a responsibility because
they have a big range and you can see I
think it was a big image damage for them
it's just that we need to keep remind
people how like the African community or
the black community feels as long as
black people get compared with with
monkeys just for the cause of taking
their self-esteem then this will never
be alright I think it's it's very
important to to build that kind of
empathy for for one another
Leon all it leaves me to say it's been
fascinating 20-30 minutes with you I
hope that when you finish playing you've
got plenty of years left that you go on
and get involved in the administration
of the games we need more people that
speak as well as you do but in the
meantime we'll be watching you very
closely at the at the World Cups and see
a good look to you in the Super Eagles
and thank you very much for joining us
thanks for having
after the break we'll be in Zurich for
the announcement of var coming into
force at this year's World Cup all's
gonna be explained after the break
notice Urich as we take you to the home
of FIFA
now I fob stands for the International
Football Association Board basically
they manage the laws of the game and
recently announced the use of video
assistant referees at this summer's
World Cup we sent our intrepid reporter
Pete Kaali
to get the latest
this philosophy is very tricky because
people don't don't get it yet but with
time and with the different incidents
and when when you had then half the
referees of the responsible people in
the local football environment
explaining why and how and whatever all
the time this acceptance goes up for
worldwide has always been around
opinions but it's also about decisions
now those decisions being taken out of
the hands of the referees unfair
colleague I'm here in Zurich for the
Stan Collymore Show at the International
FA board here who are meeting to discuss
a massive decision whether to use var in
the 2018 World Cup this summer in Russia
explain how far because it sounds
fantastic it sounds like you know urine
you run by Apple or something like that
it's all trendy but what does IPAB do
well I thought was an independent
football body we have five members we
have the four British members
historically and they were the ones who
found iff in 1886 and then FIFA joined
in 1913 was the last biggest decision
that I've made and brought into football
the backpass rule when it was changed a
thing in 92 were changed the dynamic of
the game itself
which players didn't like in the
beginning but over time they really
understood why this was a good change
and how it has brought football to a
slightly different level when it comes
to dynamic dynamics now FIFA is a very
important stakeholder they have four of
the possible eight
votes and any major decision that is
taken by iPhone you don't necessarily
have to play to FIFA's tune you you make
your own decisions and enforce them for
FIFA or do they do they guide you into
you know what you need to do we are
independent but we are also part of that
same family so we work together to make
sure that that everyone agrees to
whatever the IFF then decides because it
affects football worldwide and FIFA's
role is to enforce the laws of the game
which are then created by IFM or
developed by iff so it's a partnership
not everyone is on board with var though
a series of recent gaffes in the Premier
League have cast doubts over both its
accuracy and indeed delivery time I
think the most important thing to
understand is the VAR never makes a
decision he's like the assistant referee
on the side of the field
he gives information to the referee the
referee makes the final decision so
sometimes people say oh the var has
overruled that goal the var has given a
penalty but we need to understand is
only one person can make a decision on a
football field
that's the referee how is this such a
powerhouse what what has developed here
well the International FA board and the
iff has always have the role of being
guardians of the laws the game and what
has happened in recent years is that
we've been listening to football we've
tried to bring the laws up-to-date with
football and we've often asked ourselves
the question what would football want
what would fulfil expect but the essence
of the game is the same at all levels
and we need to keep that and where we
make changes which benefit the top of
football we always do it in a way that
things will in time it may well be that
it'll extend further down at the moment
you know the major change video system
refereeing VA ours is at the top level
but the way that technology is
developing at the moment who's to say
that that in 10-15 years there might not
be some form of var even in middle lower
football around the world jumpers for
goalposts is one thing but jumpers for
44 cameras around the ground is
something else isn't it var is gonna
change
everything I was always very skeptical
about the video replays in football
because football is almost a century and
non-stop game most of the stoppages are
quite short its flow its emotion and I
always feared that stopping for replays
or it would cause a problem we're not
like rugby we're not like cricket not
like tennis
we're constant breaks are part of the
sports so I came into it
skeptical I was charged with writing the
protocol for VAR s and to some extent I
wanted to make sure that what we did
didn't bring to reality the fears that
many people have I think what we're
trying to do is to use the laws of the
game to make football better to make
football more enjoyable to play to watch
to be part of it and that's really our
role with iff is not to be too
conservative not to be too radical but
reflect what football would like and
what we are committed to doing is to
testing things before we as it were
imposed among football will VAR in your
mind be introduced for the World Cup in
Russia this some the findings were very
encouraging and the decision will be
taking on the 3rd of March and until
then we we have time to prepare
everything for potential yes or no but
as I said results are very very positive
so whether it's a yes or no here in
Switzerland could well affect somebody's
mood in Russia this summer and I can't
help thinking how var might have changed
the past already I'm thinking Russian
linesman Frank Lampard's goal and the
hand of God
now was looking enough to play for some
great football clubs in my career
one was Southend United a small club
about 40 miles outside of London one of
my favorite achievements was helping the
Shrimpers avoid relegation way back in
1993 I recently went back to do an
evening with Stan Collymore at the roots
Hall Stadium
you
Kamath I remember it was Bristol Rovers
which was a particularly boring game for
about 80 minutes nil nil and so
convinced you just want the final
whistle to cast and game along scored
two goals in the last 10 minutes I'm not
really stuck in my mind was the next day
on British television no Bobby Charlton
was a guest and they showed the girls
and Bobby Charlton turned loose it might
have been proud of both of us
we've been looking up on the stand
Collymore show to go to the Santiago
bernabéu the Luzhniki stadium where the
World Cup final will be but here it's
something that you may not have seen
before Southend United small club 40
miles outside of London is where really
my professional football career started
it's a very special place for me I was
here back in 1992-93 and I'm absolutely
delighted to come out onto this hallowed
turf for the first time in 25 years I'm
a little bit emotional and a little bit
nervous why am I here because quite
simply it's an evening with Stan
Collymore I've been invited back by the
club to go through some of those
memories and reminisce about the good
old days
basically we were a good team I was very
aware when I signed for tsofen
pre-internet they couldn't just go on
and google the players and then the that
was a team that earlier on it was
earlier in that season but all the
season before the first season in the
championship selling the top four first
five or six games flying do so so I knew
that there was there were good players
but in terms of air the season started
to develop there was always the angst
and nervousness there because we were
always hovering around the drop zone so
I was ticking along nicely and you know
the best was arguably yet to come which
of course was getting towards the end of
the season
lovely lovely ma'am climb this kind of
ladder and you look you get to the top
of it
you sign the contract to the most
expensive player in the country playing
for them by a country mile England's
most successful Club per gear I hadn't
really kicked in just about two and you
you look over the wall and it's like
metaphorical but it was in many ways I
visualized it and you expecting to see
gold riches happiness love and there was
nothing there so to come week in and
week out and drive I lived in Croydon
down across the bridge down the a12
seven and Alison Moyet said really nice
things about my England debut which I
know a lot of so then funds came to
pre-twitter pre funds that could text
yeah pretty much
it was as big blocks of boda boda fun
ones and in the dressing room before and
we had telegrams and this is all part
this huge kind of experience of like
you're in an England dressing room which
was all white tile with a huge Three
Lions crest on it and it was it would
stayed there since 1966 so it was a big
big deal super nervous and we're getting
these telegrams and add a letter and it
was from Alison and written and she said
sorry couldn't make it today on tour
Japan whatever but I wanted to send you
this letter and let you know that you'll
always be our stand and that's what I've
got it at I'm in a frame that was the
one of the that's what I mean it's like
you don't you don't get that a Liverpool
it's like you get loads of logs
in 1992-1993 I got sold to Nottingham
Forest ended up in three and a half
million pounds which is a lot of money
there
it's not to name our money but it was a
good amount of money and so the club
built that stand out of the money that
they got from Nottingham Forest so my
legacy my little bit of history is
cemented at the club and I'm absolutely
delighted to be back
girl Stein
that's helots for this week on the Stan
Collymore show we're back the same time
next week as we take you to amateur club
Corinthian casuals who inflicted
Manchester United's biggest ever defeat
in 11:3 during us then come on
