support for women's rights and gender
equality is picking up pace online with
a number of prominent hashtags but when
it comes to feminism people can't seem
to agree on what's acceptable to say and
what's not Arty's Polly Boyer has more
are you a feminist if you put on a
Muslim headscarf or on the contrary if
you take it off and even burn it
according to the Internet it could be
either you just have to choose your
hashtag there's world hijab day that's
the one that promotes women's rights to
wear a headscarf it's gone big in the UK
and the US AAHA Jeb has nothing to do
with oppression it's a feminist
statement but many men and non hijab'
women this piece of clothing is the very
epitome of oppression but then there's
also the no hijab movement the one that
condemns Muslim head scarves as a form
of oppression it's especially relevant
in Iran right now where women are being
arrested for casting off their veils and
the anti hijab brigade is outraged
happy new hijab day
burn baby bird but if you thought
religious stress was a minefield or
simply that it doesn't apply to you
beware because language is getting
political - in case you weren't a fait
with the new rules using the word
mankind is kind of a faux pas that's
precisely what the Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau tried to explain
to a female journalist who used the word
in a question to him little did he know
that an even bigger faux pas no matter
how much of a feminist you are is
mansplaining to a woman that she
shouldn't be using the word mankind but
don't worry the internet told him
maternal love is the love that's going
to change the future of mankind so we'd
like you to learn what we like to say
people kind not necessarily mankind
there's lots of things you can do to be
a better feminist as a man but here's a
simple one that don't interrupt women
people kind but what about Formula One
bosses who presumably thought they were
acting in an enlightened and post
weinstein manner when they fired all
their grid girls those are the
promotional models who traditionally
adorned the racetrack those who support
the ban say that being a pit babe
objectifies and sexualizes women but try
telling that to the grid girls many of
whom are more than upset and trying to
think up a new profession I've never had
even the slightest hint of feeling
exploited I've wanted to be there I
worked hard to get there they paid me
well to do the job and I saw my outfit
before I agreed to do it I knew what I
was wearing I knew what was expected of
me the world is gone completely mad I
don't see a problem with promotional
work at all and we all do it by choice
and we're not forced into the work and
all girls apply for the job it seems
these days you can't put a foot right
perhaps all the hashtags could now be
replaced with one much less binary one
something like freedom to choose
