a disturbing video has surfaced online
showing young children in Libya staging
a mock execution well the boys in that
clip are reportedly under the age of
nine they appear to be mimicking a
real-life mass execution which happened
in Benghazi in January in that video
which were unable to show you a gunman
is seen shooting blindfolded prisoners
in front of a mosque where a deadly
bombing had just taken place
well our panel of guests had contrasting
views on the story and the trauma
experienced by children growing up in a
warzone what we see now is just a
mocking video but actually we've seen
actual videos where children has been
used to behead you know to behead people
in in Syria and in Iraq in Iraq as well
we heard stories when terrorist groups
using the young people to be a spy on
their families the individuals that are
actually carrying out terrorist attacks
and in particular suicide attacks often
have been escaping chaotic lives that
actually the the their engagement with
what we'd call extremists material it
doesn't happen until many years down the
line you know and they often substance
misuse was a big problem and if we
understand that the reasons that people
engage in substance misuse is because of
childhood trauma and that if we
understand that if we've got a large
number of young guys of children who
have experienced that kind of trauma
could they is it possibly be partially
follow that or not the whole truth
that's not the whole well I'm talking
about
for example the terrorist attacks it
could be this could be extremism but but
but the idea behind this those kids are
copying what they seem like like what
they do when they watch you know
a wartime movie or when they play a game
of you know I don't so many war games or
fighting games they copy this kind of
stuff if they're mirroring in that
executing their friends or mock
executions what have they been watching
was it online or really were they
watching it firsthand and if they've
watched it firsthand guaranteed they're
gonna have struck the kind of struggle
with mental health they're gonna have a
great number of issues and I think they
know the root cause is not that no first
of all if you look into the history of
Islam histories and recently in a
country where I was born Bangladesh you
will see most of the terrorist attacks
in the capital of Dhaka was carried out
by youths who in fact came from affluent
families that very good life in fact
they were brainwashed by this Islamist
terrorism not only by videos but by
theological understanding of it and when
it comes to children children are not
being able to be children because of the
upbringing they are getting because
there are the Islamic extremist ideology
it in fact denies you of any kind of
recreation that a children can and will
need to grow up in our some other
education in some countries they educate
the younger kids on radicalization on
extremism right from the young age so we
that's what we call him for we call some
regulations to prevent such a behavior
either either on online videos or
watching you know we have to regulate
the education curriculum some of the
countries required to be looked into and
see how the education curriculum has
been taught in schools
