the us-led coalition has conducted what
they described as defensive airstrikes
against pro-government forces in the
country or for more on this let's cross
live now to artis Kaleb morphine in New
York
hi there Caleb can you bring us up to
date yes we have confirmation from US
Central Command that airstrikes have
been conducted by US forces against
forces aligned with the Syrian
government now the US Central Command is
describing these airstrikes as defensive
saying that the forces they struck first
attacked the SDF now the SDF are Kurdish
forces that are being supported by the
United States now it's important to take
into into the context that these these
airstrikes are taking place just after
we heard on January 17th from Rex
Tillerson now Rex Tillerson said that
the forces of the United States are only
in Syria for the purpose of defeating
the remnants of the ISIS terrorists and
furthermore that they are there to make
sure they don't return however in the
past we've heard Rex Tillerson
characterize the purpose of US forces in
Syria both ground troops and air forces
patrolling the east of the country as
being there to help replace the Syrian
President Bashar Assad
this is statements we've heard from US
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the
United States will maintain a military
presence in Syria focused on ensuring
Isis cannot really withdrawal of
American personnel at this time would
restore Assad and continue his brutal
treatment against his own people so that
there's a little bit of a mixed message
there he's saying that forces are in
Syria to defeat the terrorists but then
that withdrawing them would somehow
restore the Syrian President Bashar
Assad and helped the internationally
recognized Syrian government it's rather
unclear at this point there are roughly
two thousand US troops in Syria and in
addition to that the US Air Force is
patrolling the eastern part of the
country US air forces are patrolling the
eastern parts of the country and it's
rather unclear about why they're there
now
have had a reaction from the Russian
president Sergey Lavrov about US forces
and their recent activities this is
Sergey Lavrov the Foreign Minister of
Russia yes apparently the lack of a
fundamental commitment to our agreements
is typical of current US diplomacy
including the reasons why the Americans
stay in Syria Rex Tillerson repeatedly
stated that their only goal in Syria was
the defeat of ISIL now they've got
farmer ambitious plans now at this point
it's in question why are the US forces
in Syria now it's important to note that
they're in Syria without the permission
of the internationally recognized
government the internationally
recognized government has not granted
the United States the right to send its
forces into the country making this
essentially an invasion under
international law now at this point as
it's unclear if these forces are there
to fight against terrorists or fight
against the internationally recognized
government now that question is becoming
even more vital as we see US forces have
now conducted airstrikes against the
Syrian government that's caliber open in
new york thank you very much well
retired US Army General Paul Vallely
gave us his views on the airstrike in
Syria there's always been the motive to
see Assad removed and a new government a
new leader put in Syria I know that's
been one of the motivations of the
United States and then of course you
have Russia on the other side supporting
Assad again the United States that
Russia can solve this problem if they
can sit out and work something out with
all Syrian elements all organizations it
can't just be bro regime they've got to
look at some of the remnants of the
better parts of the Free Syrian Army
they have to look at the Kurds that are
in northern and eastern Syria and until
they can be brought together and
resolved we're going to see a
continuation of the
conflicts
