greetings well the place you see right
now is the vladimir prison commonly
known as bloody near central we are now
walking past cell blocks built in the
middle of the nineteenth century and
these cells are connected via via sky
bridges this is a two-person cell a
standard cubicle for high-security
prisoners with the camera it has special
folding bunk beds attached directly to
the wall yet grooves documents which can
be unfolded when needed there is also a
heat trivet i'm chaining a bench a table
full a sink as well as a separate closed
off toilet area the cell also has a
television a security camera a fire
which allows for complete surveillance
of the convicts living in the cell
sisterhood here you can see the exercise
yard every day according to the daily
schedule convicts can take walks and
exercise high-security prisoners can
stay for an hour while medium security
inmates are allowed one and a half hours
well now we are in the visiting area
where inmates can meet their relatives
for the meetings themselves take place
under direct supervision of a prison
representative read the maximum duration
of the meet-and-greet is four hours
cellblock number three was built in 1870
one of the unit's has a small temple
inside it
in 1995 the temple was dedicated to
Archbishop of Vladimir and Suzdal
theology
the placement of this temple the Church
of st. Nicholas the wonder-worker is
very unique at one time this prison used
to house st. afanasiy the Bishop of
kovrov while in prison he wrote
liturgies and conducted services one of
this works is the well known oh holy
Roose keeps though the Orthodox faith in
2000 he was listed as a saint his relics
reside in the Ross distance key convent
well now we are in the vladimir prison
museum going back to 1783 on the walls
around you can see the history of the
facility all the stages of its long
history worse than la linea right behind
you is a span called the foreign bodies
retrieved by physical means and it's a
small display devoted to our veterans
who fought in the Great Patriotic War
Lavinia of Central Prison is also home
to a library dating back to 1767 the
very first account of this library says
it often the Holy Scriptures and
religious books to inmates these days
the library has subscriptions to
newspapers and magazines with a Shivaree
mia that are distributed across the
cells jordan ala done in is then he was
the user okay this year will mark the
library's 150th anniversary
of course council is crazy the Public
Prosecutor's Office ensures compliance
of all procedures provide the
penitentiary with the law the office
undertakes monthly checks at all
Vladimir region prisons including the
Vladimir Central Prison the regional
level Public Prosecutor's Office also
conducts mandatory annual inspections
but a minority is given to ensure
adequate health care services for
inmates because in the upkeep of the
facilities and amenities the checks also
make sure that all inmates have free
access to the official complaint or
inquiry filing process all segregated
housing units are also inspected on
assessment routes the public prosecutor
also has designated open office hours
for inmates when you go to wish to talk
to him in person without other
administrative staff present all
complaints filed are thoroughly
investigated after which the Public
Prosecutor's Office issues an official
response
