recent poll has found the majority of
Americans believe their media is biased
it comes at a time when evermore former
senior and government employees are
moving into TV punditry with the
controversy surrounding the recent Nunez
memo giving them lots to talk about
artis samara khan explores if there are
grounds for the presumption of bias many
people seeking expertise on the Nunez
memo must be switching through channels
these days so is it a big deal or is it
underwhelming was it right to release it
well here's a familiar face to answer
all of your questions the fact that
Devin unis and Republicans denied the
ability of the minority the Democratic
members of that committee to put out its
report is just appalling he has abused
the office of the chairmanship yes that
was John Brennan former CIA director and
now a member of the MSNBC family as a
contributor Brennan was a prominent
figure in the intelligence community
appointed by Barack Obama but that
background doesn't necessarily mean he's
biased right but Brennan's not the only
intelligence official who's joined the
ranks of mainstream media we also have
josh campbell who resigned from the FBI
and joined CNN as a law enforcement
analyst he's yet to make his first
appearance on the network but before he
does here's an excerpt from his latest
New York Times op-ed defending his
former employee these political attacks
on the bureau must stop those critics of
the agency persuade the public that the
FBI cannot be trusted they will also
have succeeded in making our nation less
safe it's not hard to guess what
Campbell will say on CNN regarding the
núñez memo which accused the FBI of bias
and just a little reminder he was also
James Comey special assistant the same
call me who's accused of wrongdoing in
the memo but of course Campbell and
Brennan aren't the first to make the
switch there is an absolute leftist bias
in the country most of the networks if
you just add up for example the time
that they speak negatively about the
president it's about 90% of the time
there are numerous studies that show
this where for example President Obama
he would do things say things and there
would be no media coverage of it
whatsoever and case in point are the
recent memos that were all seen come out
of course the Republic
memo released the Nunez memo great
scrutiny over most of the American media
very little coverage when what should
happen based on that memo for example
would be that that molars investigation
should be expanded but that's not what
the media has called for now it's said
that you can never teach an old dog new
tricks so how can we expect these ex
government officials to magically shed
their previous political associations
in the 70s President Richard Nixon was
relentlessly mocked by the media for
imitating a character from the film
Patton if that was life or should I say
politics imitating art ironically what
we have these days is the media
imitating politics Samira Khan Artie
Washington DC
