he may have spent that more than five
years holed up inside the Ecuadorian
Embassy in London Julian Assange they
will need to wait for another week to
find out whether a warrant for his
arrest may be dropped
that's after a hearing in the UK was
postponed until February the 13th and as
the serial killer who's been at the
court has all the details it was
expected today that a judge would rule
here at the court behind me to
potentially lift the arrest warrant put
in place by British officials in
connection to the initial allegations
made against Julian Assange by Swedish
officials his legal team has been saying
since since those were dropped it's time
to drop the arrest warrant however the
judge here has decided that at this
stage this would not happen quite yet
this was technically the last legal
hurdle for Julian Assange to be able to
walk outside the Ecuadorian Embassy and
not be arrested now there was certainly
some confusion earlier on in the
courtroom where the judge said that at
this point she's not persuaded that the
arrest warrant should be lifted and lots
of journalists started publishing
headlines that the court had ruled
against him and Julian Assange went to
Twitter as he often does to say that
this was fake news and the hearing was
actually continuing his legal team and
Julian Assange himself have said time
and time again that was key and what he
fears most is possible extradition to
the US let's take a listen mr. Assange
remains willing to answer to British
in relation to any argument about breach
of bail
injustice in a mirror
this case is and has always been about
the risk of extradition to United States
and that risk remains real well it's
also been made clear that even if at
some point a court here in London does
decide that Julian Assange could
potentially walk a free man his concern
is some kind of guarantee of free
passage again to avoid this potential
extradition to the US given that
American authorities to say the least
are quite unhappy with the work we key
leads have been doing and have said time
and time again that they want to see him
on US soil the United States do
something to stop mr. Assange we're
looking at that right now
this guy's a traitor a treasonous and
and and he has broken every law of the
United States the guy ought to be and
I'm not for the death penalty so if I'm
not for the death penalty wanted to do
it illegally shoot the son of a
WikiLeaks walks like a hostile
intelligence service and talks like a
hostile intelligence service ignorance
or misplaced idealism is no longer an
acceptable excuse for lionizing these
demons Julian Assange is legal Timo
continued to battle it out here at the
courtroom in London it's clear that
what's key in terms of what happens to
Julian Assange will largely depend on
any guarantees including from the US
that he would not be taken there and
this is continuing to be a major hurdle
despite what happens here in London
depending on the decisions that will
come possibly as early as next week on
February 13th well given the scale of
the revelations WikiLeaks has published
against the u.s. this little wonder many
believe Washington's keen to get its
hands on Assange
for instance WikiLeaks exposed the truth
about torture at the Guantanamo Bay
detention camp as well as a damning US
military logs on the war in Afghanistan
the company also leaked the CIA's spying
tools as well as this
and this video you can see which
WikiLeaks called collateral murder shows
how American helicopters gunned down
more than a dozen Iraqis and more
recently was obviously the story with
the DNC emails which has been suggested
helped Trump win the u.s. presidential
race human rights campaigner Peter
Tatchell believes these revelations
could easily see Assange extradited
there's no doubt that the bottom line in
the Assange case is the very serious and
likely risk that he would be extradited
to the United States to face a whole
raft of very serious charges including
espionage which can in theory carry the
death penalty at the very least he can
expect 40 years in prison and possibly
life imprisonment so it is totally
understandable that as a rational human
being
journalist r j-- would not wish to step
outside the Ecuadorian embassy when that
risk of arrest and extradition to the US
hangs over his head british hacker lowry
love who on monday won his fight against
extradition to the US visited Assange at
the embassy the man's accused of
carrying out cyber attacks on the FBI
and nasa among other organizations while
wikileaks is also known for publishing
classified information about american
politics and the work of its security
services clearly the two men have a lot
in common and had plenty to discuss
speaking to journalists love said he
wished the SANS luck in his case
five years holed up inside a small
embassy left plenty of time in a
scientist hands good thing he's had
plenty of friends to visit it's not a
journalist she's a threat to national
security
