there has been a breakthrough for a
Russian doctor sentenced to two years in
prison on charges of malpractice
following the death of a patient she has
been allowed to return home and granted
a retrial after serious questions were
raised over the furnace of the case now
the doctor in question Yelena Mazur Ana
was being held in a detention center and
was waiting to be transferred to prison
the general prosecutor's office ruled
that there were some irregularities
during the investigation as a result
took the decision to allow her to return
home when Missouri was accused of
botching the biopsy of one of her
patients whom she was treating for blood
cancer he had gone home following the
procedure and later developed stomach
pains and was rushed to hospital where
he died following surgery misery nough
was held responsible by the court and
sentenced to two years in prison but
numerous medical experts have expressed
doubt that she was responsible but soon
everyone has written to me has voiced
support for me friends colleagues people
I don't even know thank you all so much
it is very important to me I appreciate
it thank you very much dr. marina has
thanked all the people who have been
supporting her many in the medical
community have taken up her cause the
hashtag I am Elena misery nur has been
appearing online as well as in hospitals
right across Russia along with her photo
one of the country's leading
pediatricians gave his thoughts on the
convicted doctor being granted a retrial
Hugh
I'm very happy with the wise decision
that was made today I think it's just
the beginning as almost the whole
medical community is disturbed by the
injustice of the case there's a lot
that's unclear and many things need to
be proved
