see what them up today we'll be playing
badminton on the International Space
Station that's it it's not just a game
for me personally it's a way of life I
could go on talking about this but I'll
stop myself here and let my friends from
the cruise big will be playing with them
today
badminton gives us a chance to get
together and play on our days off keep
our eye on us of course we have to
modify the rules there there's no net
but we've almost done with adapting the
game and we love playing it together
possession help you forget to use this
of all initial work better because
possibly less damaging I'd look with
that we can finish something
no problem no thank you
that way it also won't get caught in
things so easily there's a peace
offering maybe there's a town talent
faces friendly speaking mark it's north
it works well but it will glue more
holes through Dennis type Department on
this slide
I'm the other teacher not even in Polito
she's gonna kill me
they have two to three whoa yeah nice no
people simply no solution for the sake
of a change
freshen up oops
athleisure
human
he's so my friends Pierrot a Maria this
is the first ever to rest real badminton
match took place on January the 1st 2018
periodic speeds in the crew of the 54th
ISS mission played badminton doubles to
me that's like planting a flag on Mars
why badminton you might ask them well
because I love it even though I started
playing it later in life and haven't
achieved much in the sport that doesn't
matter but that because badminton isn't
just a sport to me they're not even a
hobby it's a way of life do you want to
know why
unlike many other sports but in
badminton you can have mixed doubles
meaning that men and women boys and
girls can play together as much Edmonton
doesn't require intense training like
tennis for example at least you never
playing at the beginner level
badminton is good for your cardio
respiratory system we develop speed
stamina yeah what is it ecstasy
coordination that and reaction this
movement on I didn't badminton is one of
the most energy consuming sports need of
support that may be on but it's also
very safe all those two safest chess
Gonzaga and it is a very affordable
sport you don't need much to play
badminton just a team of good friends a
court boys shout rackets no and a
shuttlecock
here at Utica issue 8 the ago I'm not
talking about professional sport of
course but rather a lifestyle so you
just think about it
let's say you want to quit smoking and
lose some weight there you go but maybe
you just need some stress relief forget
about life issues for a bit here you go
you decided to get in shape and find
some balance in life most of which you
spend sitting in an office chair here
you go
or maybe you're 65 years old but you
want to feel 45 again here you go again
kantha kantha if nothing else badminton
gives you a chance to have fun with
friends badminton is great for all sorts
of things and last but not least but
then amongst prfs Americans the World
Health Organisation says that 50% of our
health is defined by our lifestyle
active working out allows us to lower
the risk of developing many health
conditions none less if the population
of our planet is 7 billion people you
guys at about 15% play badminton maybe
it's time to join them come on you
commander of the 54th ISS mission
Alexander misurkin enough to see you at
the badminton court
