the US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
has accused China of using under hung
trade practices to gain influence in
South America today China is getting a
foothold in Latin America it is using
economic statecraft to pull the region
into its orbit while this trade has
brought benefits the unfair trading
practices used by many Chinese have also
harmed these countries manufacturing
sectors generating unemployment and
lowering wages for workers Latin America
does not need new imperial powers that
seek only to benefit their own people
and the figures would suggest Washington
does perhaps have good reason for
concern US exports to Latin America I'm
taking a massive dip over the last two
decades and at the same time China is
seeing a huge growth in exports to the
continent Colombian lawyer Christian
Montero told us he thinks the United
States policy positions on Latin America
will force the countries in the region
to look for other partners I think that
the main idea behind Tiller's ins
statements it's kind of like to send a
message to the region and that Latin
American countries should be careful
with whom they trade with and what type
of concessions they give to those
partners that come in with apparent good
conditions but in the long run they seem
to deter those countries economies and
national industry but we also have to
remind mr. Tillerson that it has been
America's policy of forgetting Latin
America that has led those Latin
American countries to look for different
partners in the world because America it
has been completely lost and has
forgotten about the biggest I would say
allies which are in fact those Latin
American countries that some politicians
look as the Americas backyard
