Rush's envoi to the United Nations has
told a Security Council session that
Moscow believes the process for
investigating chemical attacks in Syria
has been sabotaged with the latest from
New York kill em up and brought me up
the data the UN Security Council
convened a meeting of the 15 member body
to discuss investigations into chemical
attacks in Syria the Russian ambassador
took the floor and emphasized that these
investigations shouldn't be politically
motivated and there shouldn't be any
presumptions of guilt or he also
emphasized that throughout the entire
investigation the Syrian government was
fully willing to cooperate with the
investigators but their willingness to
cooperate wasn't really taken into
account series gusta an apostille in
Syria has informed the international
community including the UN Security
Council that it has found dangerous
chemicals in areas liberated from the
terrorists all of that must be
immediately investigated by the OPCW the
UK and the United States were harshly
critical of Russia saying that their
proposed draft resolution would bring
the council back to square one in its
investigations Russia spoke up and
defended its proposed resolution being
harshly critical of the work of the
joint investigative mechanism for the
fact that they never actually visited
this site where the alleged chemical
attack in khan shaykhun last april
actually took place that some of the
sources that they use for their report
were less than credible had links to al
Qaeda and terrorism super-slow good news
for this country who considering last
year's issues with khan shaykhun
and Shiraz air base it seems the
investigation was deliberately sabotaged
the entire chamber agreed that there
needed to be a serious investigation
into the vital issue of alleged chemical
attacks in Syria however when it came to
the issue of how this investigation was
to be carried out that's where we saw
some pretty clear disagreements among
the countries of the world
