staying in Iraq Human Rights Watch is
reporting that hundreds of families are
being forcibly displaced the group
claimed Iraqi officials are rounding up
people suspected of having family that
joined ISIL Human Rights Watch
interviewed 24 people from 19 families
they said that PMF and Army forces
rounded up the families with no warning
and brought them to the camp after
screening at military bases they said
that when they asked why they were being
displaced soldiers told them they were
innocent but had to move to the camp
because their relatives had joined Isis
Human Rights Watch says 220 families
arrived at one Iraqi camp alone in a
period of less than three weeks all of
them from villages west of the city of
Kirkuk we spoke to the organization's
senior research for Iraq and Qatar who
believes this is collective punishment
these roundups and and forced
displacement is being done by Iraqi
forces forces the answer to Iraq's
government these are round ups done by
Iraq's army and with with the
collaboration of certain groups that are
that also answer directly to the Prime
Minister therefore you know what one can
only presume that this is happening with
the consent of the government even if
it's not a strict government policy and
therefore it begs the question of how
the Iraqi government can talk about any
process of reconciliation if its own
forces are participating in this kind of
a campaign when I talk to security
forces and to camp management all of
them were the first to admit these
families these individuals have not
committed a crime they haven't done
anything wrong in the eyes of the Iraqi
legal system the only reason they're
being treated this way is because they
have had a relative who joined Isis now
that is collective punishment punishing
a family and entire family for what a
son or a husband might have chosen to do
