previously on the great American
pilgrimage how am i doing Rio on the
right track hey I finally found you you
know it took me like half an hour look
at all our Chicago hey everybody I'm
Stephen Baldwin gosh I look fantastic
Hollywood guy usual suspects my favorite
movie proud American first of all I'm
just as George Washington sir and RV
enthusiast uncle Steve this is my buddy
max famous financial guru and well he's
a little bit different last but not
least my larger-than-life Iranian an
aspiring star Rio with all the drama
happening in our great country I'm
hitting the road to have some fun
me everyday Americans forward
what's America to you our ancestors
suffered the most and see how things got
so crazy I was naked completely naked he
bit my finger I'll hopefully start to
bridge the gap this is the great
American pilgrimage
today marks the beginning of the final
leg of the pilgrimage as a reunited
Steven and Max are shipping up to boston
and boy have we missed max's ramblings
as Miles Davis said when asked him about
his genius he said it's not actually the
notes he's playing but the rests its
what between the notes
that's what makes B pop I mean think
about Bebop it's the anti note it's the
anti B you know it's five four you know
rock it's the red boom beat well rock
and roll in country music is 4/4 time
it's like kinda rock n roll baby rock n
roll and then you have like a walls
there's a 3 B like this 3 B 3 4 and then
my marching man is too far okay then you
have bebop bebop is 5 4 so it's papa
Deaton do bop hmm see that upbeat boo
bop bop the Dizzy Gillespie the upbeat
huh that's five four that's what makes
it funky that's what makes it jazzy
that's what makes it a revolution five
four upbeat bebop bebop see I'm saying
our heroes have some great dance moves
don't they but we don't have time for
that so let's fast forward
how much is it oh you have any money
is today free our v-day
thank you
do they say yes
there's no time to sleep on this
pilgrimage as our heroes drive through
the night and watch the Sun rise over
the border of the base state where
seatbelt on max oh is that what we're
doing now right I haven't had a seatbelt
the entire trip Sun leaks like oh let's
put on our seatbelts wow isn't that
la-dee-da
all right brother we're pulling into
Massachusetts yeah hang on a minute
all right look at how pretty this is
buddy Oh gorgeous colors shock of color
shock of nature what you got here is
fall and Boston Mass no I think you're a
terrible Boston accent oh yeah so sorry
those Ted Kennedy I really did just for
a second it wasn't JFK but it was
definitely Ted Bergling sound from
little petty a bad political reference
tonight moving right along
we're coming into the Boston area Tea
Party boats water mayhem revolution this
is where it all happened something in
the soil something in the atmosphere
something about the cosmic alignment of
the planets got our forefathers all
riled up and they said tea or not to tea
no Stephen that was not the question
explain to me what happened and all the
economics of when they Boston Tea Party
and what happened America to start up it
always has been it's a start up country
to start up nation for it so it was
unfair so they decided to in the Boston
Tea Party to throw the tea into the into
the water because they were gonna pay
the tax
anymore is unfair taxation it's
interesting only a third of Americans
wanted to declare their independence
from England
a third did not uh-huh and a third were
ambivalent we know throws that mean they
didn't care one way or another so only
it shows that a small percentage of the
population if motivated can stage a
successful revolution looking back I
think we think that everyone was gung-ho
on this revolution but really it was a
minority who inevitably created what
what came out of all that who came out
of it was the gumption and the
personalities like Paul Revere and
Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson
these are incredibly successful
intelligent visionary Renaissance men
who studied the rights of man from the
Enlightenment in Europe they brought it
to America they codified their ideas of
freedom in the Declaration of
Independence of the constitutional
United States and once they put that in
motion
it was inevitably going to go forward
the inertia of the revolution once
sparked was carried forward irreversibly
there are approximately 22,000 redcoats
or English soldiers now we we went on a
killing spree to secure our freedom the
British Empire was the biggest empire
the strongest empire that ever existed
ever you know who came in to be our aid
and really through the battle in our
favor were the French because the French
hated the British have hated the British
for hundreds of years and in the British
were defeated we try to be humble but
we're Americans winners at two world
wars undefeated in the world wars okay
so y'all at home try to figure that one
out but we're Americans
I lived in the United Kingdom I live in
Great Britain the whole system of
monarchy is a precedent and I'm glad we
did it
but Rio de Janeiro the pomeranian can
still be the crown prince of the
pilgrimage right yeah that's different
yeah well that's that's very different
isn't it because it wasn't a hereditary
title he was knighted yeah now he was
knighted with the throne of cuteness yes
exactly
king of cute Rio de Janeiro it's true
though
well you know you put the seat of that
already in my mind what are you talking
about Boston and it stirs the loins of
my patriotism I feel it in my mind and
now a patriotic rant from max my loins
are on fire with anticipation of
expressing in an almost like
star-spangled manner
my love and devotion of freedom right
there on the very site of the Boston Tea
Party and some spectacular that's right
now what you're saying is is you got
some kind of a vibration with minimax
and the twins it's what you're saying
billions and billions of mini maxes are
ready at the ready like them like the
Minutemen it's a seminal moment in
American history I'll give you that pun
I agree with everything you just said
there is a revolution as you can clearly
see happening here I believe part of the
revolution is the great American
pilgrimage someone's going down
you're like a catnip for cops after
narrowly escaping the staties Stephen
and Max make their way to the morons
Square diner in Fitchburg mass to meet a
woman running for City Council hey nice
to meet you Steven
hi Steven you are Sam's Walia nice to
meet you too
where are we what is this place this is
Maureen Square diner Fitchburg
Massachusetts say they say Massachusetts
Massachusetts that's very good that
sounds perfectly fine over here that's
around here well thank you for coming to
say hey we are on a journey on an
experience on a Jubilee so to speak the
great American pilgrimage in narvi going
around the country talking to regular
people we're having fun a regular person
are you
are you regular I'm getting back there I
was lost for a little while out there in
Hollyweird but uh but I'm coming back
sure Stephen just like all the other
regular people with their own TV shows
so now here we are rich Berg is and
Stephen still has no idea where he is
Fitchburg Fitchburg Mass this is your
backyard here is where I live this is my
home hmm
how many times have we said this town's
name maybe we should keep track of that
Fitchburg Fitchburg it's birds which
birds which birds birds which the school
where did I go to school Fitchburg and
Leominster high then I went to Warwick
Rhode Island Boston Architectural
College
Wow so you went and got a degree in
architecture yes well I'm working
towards my degree in architecture I have
a degree in engineering yes and what
else are you doing right now that you
have on your list of things to do
well I'm running for City Council at
large in Fitchburg yeah their City
Council by the way that's not going it's
it's amazing it's so fun it's really
really great actually what other good
excuse do you have to go to people's
doors and knock on them and they're
actually not happy to see you the
potential new City Council oh yeah well
I'm not gonna do it at first feel like
yes can I help you and then I say I'm
Sam Scalia running for finnerty City
Council oh okay great
I'm either selling religion or selling
solar it's either you're selling solar
or you're there for religion and you're
selling souls if Steven had a day job
we'd tell him not to quit it
don't don't have to be your joke writer
Sam speeches qualia sensing the
pilgrimage is nearing its end and also
the recent drop in cryptocurrency max
decides to pick up a part-time shift as
a line cook
yeah we got a great special right now
hmm he just put those down 30 seconds
ago I'm no Julia Child but those eggs
definitely need to be cooked longer he's
actually gonna surf those well for legal
matters the great American pilgrimage is
not responsible for undercooked eggs
join me every Thursday on the Alex
Salmond show and I'll be speaking to
guess in the world of politics sport
business and show business I'll see you
then
the new Kremlin list released by the
White House turns shaming into an
institution those included on the list
are accused simply by association being
from Russia is now an accepted cause for
suspicion so does the Kremlin list
really change anything
own appetite I mean for conflict is very
very low these days and public's are
much more eager to see economic
improvement than they are to actually
get into a fight with a neighbor or or
with other powers in the world
as Mac serves up a plate of Salmonella
to the unsuspecting patrons in the next
booth Steven and Sam continue to talk
politics on a local level um
Lynchburg Massachusetts Pittsburgh
Fitchburg I'm sorry know why I live near
a place called Litchfield Connecticut so
it's tricking me
so Fitchburg is small yeah 40,000 41,000
is it we're on medium City
what do you see a lot of division in the
the politics even a little too Democrat
to Republican we have a majority of
unenrolled people here in Fitchburg a
44% of unenrolled so they don't want to
declare they don't want to cause strife
there other than that the second-highest
is Democrats and then it's Republican
but the majority are unenrolled and when
we have elections a lot of time it's
very split so we're very similar to the
general Massachusetts the general
Massachusetts is left-leaning
or moderate why do you want to do this
well I want to help I've been helping
and serving the city you know volunteer
capacity for years and I want to help in
an official capacity you know there's a
the wave of change in politics today and
I want to be riding the waves okay but
but you're a serious student
sure yeah that's pretty most people
don't do what you're doing
not everybody what was the spark that
made you say politics was there
something where you said I can only get
back to the architecture or any of the
other schooling stuff I feel a calling
into this right now what was the spark
sophistical ii most women have to have
their own twisted to go into politics
and I'd say that's probably the same
with me you know I run a community group
and fit on Facebook there's fourteen
thousand people called discussing
Fitchburg now and max thank you there
you go thank you brother
nope I know Apple no peach cobbler we
got coffee yeah copy that's it we're
gonna get you in a banana and somehow
Max undercooked that as well what else
we got when in fitchburg cup of joe is
all you need Jim thanks max well yeah no
problem
yes I'm running this community group and
you know I'm very involved if everything
the community people ask questions about
the city what times are trash getting
picked up or what not and I answer I
seek out the answer so many other I'm in
the forum so when our City Council ran
for state representative and the seat
became available I had a lot of people
twisting my arm saying you have to run
and I'm like I of it I'm two jobs I'm
busy I got lots of things don't know yep
so like there's right it is a compliment
like Sam's your duty like right it is
Mike Jimmy if I don't step up and run
who will I come your role model I can
serve the community I can do basically
what I'm doing now except in official
capacity and I could do even more what a
compliment first of all the people
locally you know pushed you is that
because you're such a go-getter that you
have these organizational skills that
you can help create change and there's
no bureaucracy or because you're a
go-getter and you get it done is that
the big reason well I'm running this
Facebook group and I am the admin so
there's no pure accuracy there but when
people ask for help with things I help
like all right let me answer this
question I'll go right to the DPW
director or I'll go right to the head of
the department I'm a community activist
that sees open door opportunity to take
that to the next level right yeah so now
I'm running there I am at the house that
the how's it going good shot everyone
tells me I do but I'm not letting up
taking that for granted I'm still
knocking out doors I'm gonna go knock on
the doors tonight we're doing a debate
on the next night I'm knocked out
another three thousand shame if you
don't win by a landslide it's cuz you
didn't work hard enough
yep we'll see I have a new campaign for
your your whole thing I think you should
put a big poster that says squaw Lea
wins by a Sam slide can I put that in my
over to my speeches no well you should
do what your speeches to say I meant the
actress Stephen Baldwin who you know
some of you may know his work he's a
pretty talented guy Ricky
the worst idea ever do you have people
saying oh I ain't vote for your give me
a retard like no it's just to chill
well I'm independent unenrolled right so
I'm in the middle you know I can go to
the GOP meetings and listen to them and
understand what they're saying and I can
go to the democratic meeting so listen
to them and to understand what they're
saying I'm a registered independent
register to do the very same reason now
when I go in that booth I can do what I
want that's right so one time I'm
talking to a guy named Alec Baldwin who
says to me he's just like this right you
guys my god what happened and I go what
he goes Stephen the youngest of the
brothers now a Republican and I went but
I'm not a Republican I'm a registered
independent and he goes doesn't this
really yes we all know you're really
truly a Republican sympathizer Alec
Baldwin you're not a Republican Oh Alec
not yeah so your I didn't yeah if
Councilwoman thing works out
would you see potentially aspiring to
higher office it depends it totally
depends of the circumstance I can
picture that but then again I could
picture just being a city councillor in
Fitchburg and you know cuz I have a
business I have a family of seven year
old daughter so I could easily just help
fish Berg on the local level because if
it's really my heart and my passion I
want to know what do you like to do in
this town with your daughter I support a
lot of community events so this and
there's always things to do here input
so I'm always going to a new community
event in this there's no end to them
there was just that Oktoberfest but that
we rally wouldn't bring my daughter
there but we also have a lot of
amenities with parks you know we have a
lot of hiking here hiking with her she
literally just answered that ice well I
take her hiking she loves to do that she
loves to go to the park yeah we have 40
parks in Fitchburg and she always wants
to go to the park good because she's a
real social animals he likes to go make
friends and go and then create little
truth I wonder where she gets up from
yeah yeah did she recognize you as mommy
running for political office does she is
she aware that or not so she goes to
cracker elementary and they are doing
their 30th annual mock election and this
year for their mock election they get to
vote for councilor at large
so last night I got the letter like
Vicky look you'll get to do mock
election you get to vote for mom maybe
she really cheated then she tried to
bribe me so that it's not out flexions
work I will no more TV no more internet
for your daughter if she's already
bribing you know by the way on this
program so in case in the future miss
Polly actually does run for president
United States we're just kidding just
joking
I don't know Stephen sounds like her
daughter would make a great lobbyist a
young lady in your life comes to you and
says hey you know gosh I was really
inspired that Hillary Clinton almost
became the first woman president United
States you would maybe suggest or give
the advice to be yourself you can't fit
into every month right this it's not a
mold but everyone will like right but
you can be yourself and even if people
don't agree with you they'll trust it
what you're saying you believe and that
you're genuine and it doesn't matter how
smart you are home but you know about
things if people if people can't trust
you when they're sitting there and they
don't trust what you're saying to them
you lost it yeah yeah and that's a
comfort factor yeah it's like I could
have a beer with george w bush george w
bush that that was spoken but you like
him you meet him you like i like this
guy he seems genuine right so this may
be a very providential moment because
maybe you'll be the first president of
the united states that's a woman you
never know I never thought I'd run for
City Council I want to put that much
pressure on it miss qualia about being
the first woman president but here's
what's interesting about this
conversation because we're further down
the journey of the pilgrimage mmm-hmm
which I am the leader of the pilgrimage
regular coffee regular people we're in
trouble now if I'm the leader of the
pilgrimage I assure you but max is here
to make everything go smoothly actually
Max's ship was up five minutes ago max
if I get a Wahlberg Robert to show up on
your behalf mm-hmm
Mark Wahlberg comes to town to back
squaw Leah sounds like a party
okay and you win by a landslide and it's
all because you've got an endorsement
from Mark Wahlberg I really liked can we
then change the main sets Berg to
Wahlberg Wahlberg because you can do
once you become the king the simple I
like we could just by executive order I
now declare Fitchburg is Robert Steven
is grossly overestimating the power of a
single City Councilmember yeah we'd love
that here we do have a Baldwin fill
that's your fire you know Baldwin
generally right leaning Oh
just saying spoken like a true
independent in ten years your daughter's
gonna go to college okay
approximately what do you see ten years
from now will World War three be over
will it have happened oh it landed in
but what's America to you when you think
about it like that and your daughter in
the future is it a hopeful future I have
hope for the future
yes what does America to me America is
our freedom and our rights you know
we should have the right to to protest
things that we do not agree with we
should have the right to live our lives
without government interference
you know without excessive interference
from others we should be able to live
our lives and do the things that we like
as long as we're not hurting other
people listen I couldn't agree with you
more
I hear you loud and clear I don't know
how that's all gonna wash out because I
still think the problem still exists
that half this country wants what it
wants in the name of progress the other
half the country wants what it wants
relevant to tradition it's always a
resistance to change with humans change
we want dinery at the same coffee right
yeah probably the original table 1940
holy cow is it right could be probably
it's been a lot of coffee but a lot of
politicians forever it's time I've been
here by the way Lawrence squared diners
get the best dang cuff you know lit
Fitchburg Cheers all right thank you
again thank you here we go the road day
1 of Massachusetts is in the books
max has disappeared yet again
and Stephen has finally learned how to
pronounce Fitchburg Wow 22 times that's
it hmm Fitchburg anyway from here our
hero continues deeper into the bass
state to find more towns he can't
pronounce and to learn about the
sacrifice some Americans have made for
this great country next time on the
great American pilgrimage we got into a
firefight and he wouldn't shoot so I hit
him on the top of the head with my
helmet told him to fire he'd started
shooting
