hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser II
part yes still in Los Angeles City of
Angels and no more angelic angel then
Stacy you talked to an angel in the
second half as well and then we Prince
and you know what Charlie's Angels
except Max's Angels we just see one more
angel you know what she is often talking
about Steve minuchin and Steve minuchin
are Treasury secretaries in the
headlines she's a horrible angel he's a
horrible he's yummy he's a lot of Stacy
Herbert and Newton minuchin Steven
minuchin that's a horrible Max's Angels
show Steve minuchin he's a Treasury
secretary of the United States of
America and well he was over in Davos
last week and basically altered the past
thirty years of US policy regarding the
dollar of course they have not minded
the dollar going lower and lower but
they always had this fake you know
strong dollar policy and he's changed
that over in Davos minuchin comment
surprises financial markets turns dollar
decline into one way bet the dollar
already on a spiral lower sank to a
three-year low after Treasury secretary
Stephen minuchin said a weaker dollar
was good for US trade the comments
depart from the strong dollar policy of
Treasury secretaries before him going
back to Robert Rubin in the Clinton
administration but fit with the Trump
administration's America first message
the weak dollar policy could backfire
and make us assets like Treasuries less
appealing and drive up the cost of
foreign goods for businesses and
everyday Americans yeah well this is a
policy around the world
beggar-thy-neighbor by trying to drive
your currency lower to help your exports
and to grab global you know market share
and China has been the king of this for
a long time so this is Trump they take
it going to China directly saying oh
yeah you think you do the Gwynn's cheap
we're gonna make the doll even cheaper
so it makes you an you know higher in
value versus a dollar which may it's
more difficult for them to export their
way into global domination so now we're
currency wars are entering a new phase
you know Donald Trump obviously has a
lot more understanding of how to fight
this currency war than anyone coming
before him Barrack Obama was really a
novice coming into office knew nothing
about finance he was financially
illiterate as he proved over and over
again at least Trump knows the rules of
the game whether you're successful or
not we'll see well you know in the
second half you do speak to Nomi Prins
who has a new book out called collusion
how central bankers rigged the world and
in it and in your interview she does
talk about the fact that China does view
American policy whether it was the Obama
administration or otherwise the Trump
administration that Ahram policy is
insane towards global trade and the
dollar so they already view us as kind
of insane Steve minuchin going to Davos
which is kind of a sort of meeting
pushing globalization in fact Francois
macron from from France was there saying
you know France was ready to lead the
way we're at the head of globalization
this is kind of an anti globalization
message is part of a trumps America
first message so it's you know it is a
beggar-thy-neighbor policy is
anti-globalization yeah exactly and of
course you know the question is is the
lower dollar the result of really a
policy initiative or is the lower dollar
an inevitability of policy failure and
now the policymakers are saying well
it's our policy for a lower dollar I
don't think it makes any difference
whether Steve minuchin or whomever else
describes a dollar as their policy going
lower the dollar was going to go lower
anyway because the world is getting away
from US dollar as world reserve currency
the one road one belt policy linking up
Russia and China is out of the dollar
everyone wants to trade oil away from
the dollar the countries are desperate
to get out of the US dollar so the
dollar is gonna lose value no matter
what anybody says so here's the Treasury
secretary merely trying to make it look
like oh that's our policy for a lower
dollar it doesn't really matter what he
says the dollar is going lower as we've
been saying for a number of years
because the US dollar is a currency that
other countries recognize as funding the
wars and the weapons and the poverty
that they're trying to escape
Steven nutriments
in front of the Globes reporters you
know standing in front of the world's
reporters and saying that the dollar his
policy as Treasury secretary I the guy
who signs the dollar bills the new
dollar bills that he wants it to go
lower according to this headline here
they said that basically opens this up
as a one-way bet for traders and traders
will keep pushing it and keep pushing it
said one strategist there is a
possibility that it could be come a
spiral that it gets out of control
luckily we did here on crisis report
tell you a few weeks ago to load back up
on goals because of course we're gonna
get into that and the next headline by
gold has obviously done very well
against the dollar as the dollars been
tanking in the openings weeks of 2018 I
see the world through gold colored
glasses because Stacy has been pointing
out for a few months now the rotation
back into gold is well underway getting
three year highs and you said and I
agree that gold could hit a new all-time
high in 2018 that would put her over
$2,000 an ounce that means silver would
be 50 60 $70 an ounce and crypto
currencies are on the backfoot
a lot of money that was in the multi
hundred billion dollar crypto space is
now flowing into gold we know that from
watching the trade patterns and the
reports were getting back from the
exchanges so yeah this could be gold
here so but before I move on to the next
headline about gold and silver and
Bitcoin and other things and how they've
responded against the dollar falling and
how that reminds us of the past well on
this minuchin z' comments they say echo
statements by President Donald Trump who
famously helped turn a market trend of a
stronger dollar last January when he
said prior to his inauguration that the
dollar was quote too strong and that US
companies can't compete because of it
particularly against the Chinese the
dollar index has lost more than 10
percent since then and after munitions
comment last Wednesday morning is sank
to a new three-year low he said that
obviously a weaker dollar is good for
the US and good for trade I'm not so
sure if you don't actually produce that
much other than weapons system it's not
like you know there was any problem
selling weapons systems that's one of
our biggest exports it did I'm not sure
it definitely improves the profits of
big US multinationals like Apple and IBM
who sell things overseas so that their
profits if they're booking their
earnings and euros
which is now at 124 where it was only
like 110 just a few months ago so
they're booking profits and these
foreign currencies so of course their
shareholders are quite happy but whether
or not it benefits the workers in
America I don't know Wow prices for
stuff like oil are going to go higher
you know oil still priced in dollars
predominantly in price oils
last I checked above 60 you know heading
higher and so people start paying back
five six seven dollars a gallon again at
the pump that's gonna cut into their
economic activity for sure now I want to
go into another bit of this story about
the dollar tumbling into 2018 and just
the first few weeks and this brings us
back to some stories where Max Keiser is
quite well known from the 1987 crash
because you were working on Wall Street
in 1987 you remember those days and it
was a fun fun fun but first we're gonna
look at this take by Zero Hedge of the
Steve minuchin story when he was in
Davos the MU Newton massacre precious
metals surged amid dollars worst start
in 30 years the dollar was smashed with
the ugly stick as minuchin x' comment
sparked chaos and foreign exchange
markets and as precious metals surged
and bond yields jumped and stocks
actually sank briefly we were reminded
by the mainstream media that a falling
dollar is great for America so buy the
dip in stocks with all your money on the
sidelines so it was the worst start to
the year for the US dollar since 1987
and we actually have a little chart here
this is 1987 the the dollar into the
first month of 1980
seven right here is 2018 it's looking as
bad as 1987
all right so 87 crash was long overdue
in this particular market going back to
these charts the dollar
heading into 87 started to you know we a
lot of weakness here you've got in this
market a huge concentration of money in
the so called Fang stocks Facebook Apple
Netscape and Google and apples kind of
been weak in the last couple of a few
few weeks there's a lot of weakness in
that stocks of the Fang the Fang group
of stocks let's say they start to lose
favor after having this enormous run
Amazon is also in that trip and Amazon
okay it's trading at something like over
a hundred times forward earnings so that
stocking could drop 50 or 60 percent and
still be on a chart basis in a bull
market I mean these stocks are trading
on some incredibly lofty valuations and
like 87 you could see a 20 22% crash in
a day which would be you know that would
be quite quite a move down wouldn't it
Stacy so let's look at the chart that
they provide that interestingly stocks
soared just as they are now as the
dollar crashed just as it is now in 1987
before things went pear-shaped so that's
the chart the Green Line is the sp500
the red line is the US dollar index and
as you saw the dollar started out 20
1987 for declining rapidly that sent the
sp500 soaring in 1987 max you were there
for that drop that was 20% in one day is
that still possible well theoretically
no because the circuit breakers they put
in but I don't really have confidence
that gonna work I'm a helicopter honey
over helicopter money will come in and
they will try to mitigate any huge
losses but I think that overwhelmingly
the system will not be able to handle
the
orders and you'll have another kind of
computer-aided crash you know you've
heard of computer-aided design CAD
this is computer-aided crash aided the
CAC it's not entropy
everything must queue toward chaos is
that your explanation that's the law of
the universe the multiverse if not in
this universe than a parallel universe
mm-hmm you know there's a guy like me
living in a parallel universe saying the
inverse of what I just said
who is having lunch with Billy Bob
Thornton right now having a Cobb salad
at the Marquis Hotel Sunset Marquis in
West Hollywood yeah I saw you mentioned
Apple and that was another interesting
story that has happened while we were
here in California is that the
california-based company reported that
they apparently the rumor is that
they're already gonna get rid of the
iPhone 10 the next update that they do
is next year this is a rumor started by
the guy in China who always has the top
info he he's usually right on his rumors
about what's happening
iPhone 8 sales iPhone 10 sales
disastrous like 50% less than they
expected on the iPhone 10 we did note
that I remember tweeting from an Apple
store before Christmas that there was
nobody at all at the iPhone 10 desk and
I noted that that doesn't look very good
I was surprised well in 87 you had the
masking effect of so-called portfolio
insurance so the market was trading well
above its real fundamental value thanks
to the aid of derivatives here you've
got the market trading at these
extraordinary levels thanks to the aid
of stock repurchases fueled by 0% money
so if you start taking that away there
just rates go up then Apple could
clearly drop 30 40 percent well if you
look at the chart if history rhymes or
even repeats it looks like we could have
another few months of these ever rising
stock prices so all those Millennials
that we covered diving in via their
Schwab and TD Ameritrade accounts could
ever another a few months and then they
could have a sort of October November
surprise
that looks a lot like 1987 yeah speaking
of repeating this Cobb salad is
repeating on me right now hey stay tuned
for the second half exclusive interview
at Nomi Prins in her new book
welcome back to the cosmic report I'm
Max Keiser time mad at CERN tsunami
prints author of soon-to-be-released
collusion how central bankers rigged the
world Nami welcome thanks how you doing
I was great to see you in this hotel the
Sunset Marquis you developed the pitch
over a 24 hour binge is that correct
that's right I had the idea spoke it out
in my mind and then sat in a room here
for 24 hours and then got it off to my
publisher and here we are a couple years
later look about to be there's Billy Bob
Thornton in the book might be we have
the wind by the book okay deep section
of your book starts in a different area
of the world but always in the same year
2008 which is ground zero for collusion
so what evidence do you have for the
collusion or what do you mean by
collusion we're talking about collusion
between central banks Thomas More yeah
so basically the Fed is the central
collision meister and in the beginning
of the financial crisis they decided to
save our banks the US banks because they
basically caused the crisis and they did
it by manufacturing money and all these
other things over the past decade but
they also did it by reaching out to
other central banker friends throughout
the world particularly the European
Central Bank the Bank of Japan on the
sort of euro banks and they said look we
need your help but this was all done in
the background what was happening
publicly publicly they acted as if they
save the system in a period of like oh
they're colluding against their coup
against the the general public but they
colluded with each other
to rig rates to keep money at the
average zero levels that we have today
to buy trillions of dollars worth of
bonds from governments and from banks
particularly banks that allows them to
value all of their bonds up so they
basically artificially rigged the entire
bond market stock market because all of
these institutions now have access to
cheap money with which they buy their
own shares and effectively just totally
change the financial system but what I
did was I went country by country then I
called people countries in the book so I
did Mexico I did Brazil I did China to
Japan I went throughout Europe and those
were pivot areas where I looked at how
they colluded over time so it's going
back to 2008 ground zero and seeing how
they dealt with their own country's
issues relative to the United States and
also what the Fed wanted them to do and
what they wanted to do for themselves so
there's all this little tension
there's also a lot of collaboration from
the standpoint of major central banks so
this is an interesting historical
development central banks walk us
through because you've written a number
of books in covering banking in the
history of banking and historically
central banks were set up we know to be
the lender of last resort to be a
backstop to the banking system to
prevent things like bank runs from
getting out of control etc so when you
have different central banks in
different countries and they're
operating up until what you're
suggesting here they were operating
independent of each other and their role
in these economies was to as we're
saying be a backstop to the banking
system so what when when they collude as
you're talking about that it we enter
kind of a post a post market economy in
other words Davis Central Bank started
to participate in markets you know from
the 1987 crash alan greenspan and and
the plunge Protection team which
included Ronald Reagan and Robert Rubin
they started the central bank began to
become a player now here's a Central
Bank of Switzerland is buying
aggressively buying stocks so these
central banks how do they fit in the
global banking system what are they
doing now instead of the lender of last
resort they're the buyer of first order
like what what exactly are they doing
what are they doing well they become
massive hedge funds for one thing but
but but instead of borrowing money or
going to investors instead of using
their money to find things they are
creating money so that they're
fabricating electronic money they're
going through the financial system to
basically get it out there and they've
collectively got about 21 point seven
trillion dollars worth of assets on
their books through quantitative easing
which have been used to purchase
corporates if you're the European
Central Bank equities and ETS if you're
the Bank of Japan mortgage assets and
government bonds if you're the Fed and
they have become the market they've not
just become a buyer in the market and a
lender of cheap order to all of the
major banks they have become effectively
the rigor of the market so everything
that's going on now is
is a fabrication at the hands of the
collusion that the Fed began and used
its counterparties of central bank's
throughout the world to manifest its
kind of like financial warfare it's if
we had a g7 situation come after World
War two and there was a collaboration
between like the major g7 countries in
terms of geopolitics and what we have
now is in terms of the monetary system
in terms of currencies in terms of asset
evaluations and skyrocketing assets we
have that collusion amongst the same
central banks and we have the ones on
the outside looking in Mexico Brazil
China and so forth trying to find their
spot in this new monetary system and
this new artificial marketplace to be
independent so that's where the shift is
changing that's why China for example
has risen so much as a superpower their
central bank was very vocal and I have a
lot of this in the book about going
against the Fed and saying look what the
Fed is doing is insanity they're
creating bubbles they're fabricating
money this will not end will and what
they've done is decided to find a
different way around that which is
create trading partnerships and all over
the world start to actually finance
development which United States doesn't
do with the money that they're creating
and in order to basically peel people
away peel countries away from the u.s.
from the dollar and from this Federal
Reserve policy what did they say they
they're doing in other words how do they
justify this you say collusion that has
a negative connotation but of course
they don't consider themselves to be
colluding in anything they think of
themselves as coordinating policy for
but what do they think they're doing
exactly they think well what they think
they're doing and what they actually say
they're doing it two different things
what they say they're doing is
stimulating economies so the Federal
Reserve supposedly by injecting four and
a half trillion dollars into the
financial system buying bonds and
evaluating on the back of that those
securities upwards they said that would
create real growth we know it hasn't
created real growth it hasn't really
grown the economy it's grown the markets
it's grown the asset economy but not the
foundational economy they believe they
have and so what's happening now is all
these central banks are talking not
really doing tapering so the Fed is
saying all right we're gonna raise rates
a little bit we're gonna shrink our
Booker a little bit but in actuality if
you look at a non global basis which is
where the collusion comes into play the
European Central
as a seesaw effect on the other side say
our old so keep rates it- we're gonna
increase our corporate bond asset
portfolio just because we can these are
institutions that have absolutely no
accountability no responsibility no
rules and no regulations for themselves
they can do whatever they want because
all they're effectively doing is
creating Ledger's with amongst
themselves and amongst the financial
institutions to which they provide this
cash and return for assets and keep
rates low to keep that game going that's
that's their game okay so Ron Paul and
the people who follow Ron Paul they had
a huge movement out there at one point
audit the Fed and this was now probably
going back ten years is part of the
instigation for these central banks to
collude that responds to audit the Fed
in other words in the United States with
the Federal Reserve Bank they started to
talk about possibly tapering or tapering
a little bit you know in response to hey
you know this audit the Fed movement is
getting out of control we need to throw
them a bone so what you're suggesting is
on the back end they made a call to
European Central Bank or thank you Japan
and said you know we've got to appease
these these Ron Paul guys so we're gonna
say we're tapering but can you please
step up your purchases on a global basis
and we can keep the party going with the
zero percent interest rates to help out
the oligarchy
that's exactly right I mean the European
Central Bank is like key in this right
because what they said for two years now
is they were going to stop their buying
program and then each time they got to
the end of their buying program deadline
they extended it so at the end of last
year they said are we're gonna we're
gonna really taper this time we're gonna
decrease the amount of assets we buy per
month but then they extended the amount
of months they will buy assets by a year
so when you do the math on all of this
there is no tapering this is ongoing
collusion to keep cheap money and asset
evaluations up within the entire system
again with no accountability partly
though they have this thing where they
want to be perceived as effective so
they are scared that all of this has not
been effective or that the you know sort
of emperor will take its clothes off or
have no clothes or whatever in sort of
the wake of this and so they want to
perpetuate this idea that economies have
grown on the back of this and
governments are happy to do this this is
sort of the external collusion
element of it United States government
is perfectly fine whether it was Obama
or whether it's Trump to say look how
the economy is growing it's growing
under my watch
but it's not really what's growing are
the amount of assets that can be
purchased at this tube money and
therefore the evaluation of these assets
therefore mega amounts of debt corporate
debt public debt throughout the entire
world and massively high share values
because corporations are issuing debt to
buy stock and so forth that's not
effective management and they also have
no exit plans this thing I talk about so
the end of the book they out they don't
have a way to really taper to really get
out of this because they never did what
they said they were gonna do to begin
with which is stimulate growth all
they've done is stimulate the financial
system for the people at the top of it
well they've created a magic money tree
by buying back assets that they own with
the money that they print but it's a
Ponzi scheme that is like the definition
of a Ponzi scheme they're just they're
making the money themselves they're not
even getting other people in on the
money they are actually creating the
money and then doing that as you say so
a total separation of their role as
being instrumental in having the
responsible role in the economy
they've gone rogue and they're just
buying assets and printing their own
money to buy those assets that's right
their day job is to be regulators to the
banking systems in their respective
countries that is what they are supposed
to do and there's some language in some
of the central banks to say okay you
have to make sure there's a decent
amount of employment there's full
employment of some number in the system
there's a certain level of inflation and
so forth they have abdicated that entire
sort of role except we're just talking
about it as if they're doing it because
all they are really doing is yes
fabricating money purchasing assets and
keeping that going amongst let me do a
theoretical question here that the
amount of stocks actually traded in New
York has been reduced because through
mergers and acquisitions funded by all
this 0% money is there a possibility
that effectively central banks and the
collusion that you talk about take
public markets private take the majority
of interesting stocks that are out there
that could be bought by the public to
participate in growth and have a decent
retirement account disappears and we
enter a post market economy because all
of the stocks and bonds have been
purchased by these colluding central
banks with their chief money they're
taking the public's private but not just
a company deciding oh let's take
ourselves private but they've colluded
say let's take the global stock markets
private well effectively because by
providing that sheet money most easily
to the small amount of financial
institutions that sort of control the
Gateway to the markets they have
effectively controlled the markets I
mean that that's the whole idea why I
say they rigged the world they really
rigged all the financial cushion so if
you say oh the markets trading at 25
times earnings 30 times earnings or
expert cash flow those metrics are
meaningless if they're meaningless it's
like saying you know the the the people
can't possibly work for these slave
wages talking to the king and saying no
I'm the king and you can work for slave
wages or I'll you know put you in the
gulag in other words there's no there's
no democracy there's no dynamism there's
just a massive takeover there has been a
massacre because all the levels that we
see today are not levels that are
sustained by actual liberals like at a
company level to wage level at you know
an individual financial security level
they are simply created by the collusion
of central bank's all right so your book
is called collusion it's out in May May
first workday workers revolution day no
me thanks Bingham Joe yeah thank you
already and that's gonna do it for this
edition of the Kaiser report with me Max
Keiser and Stacy Hubbard like to thank
our guest Nomi Prins the new book is
collusion there's a link to pre-order
below check it out you gonna catch us on
twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time oh yeah
