hello I'm max keiser this is the kaisers
report yeah we're at the Sunset Marquis
in West Hollywood looking for Billy Bob
Thornton
he's like haunts the premises and we are
hoping to bump into him and talk to him
about his career and his view on the
economy but until we get to that let's
talk to Stacey until we find Billy Bob
we need a plan B and luckily the ECB
with all their bureaucrats have come up
with a very cunning plan B Max Keiser
ECB's new plan B synthetic structured
euro bonds we could be about to be
treated to a brand new central bank
coined acronym es B or in what is
somewhat catchy or plural from as B's as
in SBS es b stands for european safe
bond which in today's europe may sound
like a contradiction in terms but is in
fact an idea that has been gathering
dust on the drawing board for close to
seven years it could soon be brought to
life however if the ECB approves a plan
being drawn up to launch the new
financial instrument by an independent
task force under Irish central bank
governor Philip Lane I'll go into the
details in a moment but here it reminds
me of the last episode where we were
that young millennial kid from New York
was talking about the markets are
insulated he feels like the markets are
somehow insulated probably because he
listens to such things as a safe bond
any time you see the word synthetic
being thrown around by a new structured
financial project is shortly before that
structured financial project product
collapses all synthetic financial
products collapse mm-hmm that's true
throughout history so but there's no law
against it and the central banks keep
issuing these these synthetic products
now why are they doing this because
central banks like to think that they
have a certain amount of reserves on
their balance sheet in relation to
the debt that they are issuing like the
central bank in America for example is
leveraged and I think sixty to one the
central bank and Ireland's probably
leveraged fifty or sixty to one so the
way to get around that to leverage
themselves to one hundred to one or two
hundred to one they give a synthetic
product a triple-a rating you know which
will be oh this is a government-issued
product they're gonna give it a triple-a
rating but you know I could just as
easily give a triple-a rating you know
to this leaf and say this is a synthetic
european central bank ozzie bond and i
could say it's worth a billion dollars
and it's on the balance sheet of the
central bank and therefore it's as good
as you know whatever they're gonna say
it's as good as but it's essentially
just it's that's if it's nothing it's
zero it's nonsense it's criminal well
they go into how the actual synthetic
derivative would function here's how the
scheme would work private or public
institutions such as large banks or the
European Stability Mechanism the euro
zone's bailout fund would repackage
sovereign debt from the euro zone's 19
nations and to three tranches a senior
tranche that would have a credit rating
of Triple A or there abouts a junior
tranche that would be rated lower but
would still be investment grade and the
lowest level which would contain the
riskiest securities might be below
investment grade ie junk rated and would
yield around five to six percent
essentially the Securities would be
derivatives based on sovereign bonds
what again this is exactly what I said
they're repackaging
junk and they're giving it a Triple A
rating and passing it off as low
yielding securities and they're gonna
dump it into pension accounts where
it'll blow up and ruin a lot of people's
retirements if you recall history this
is exactly what we heard right before
the subprime collapse they delved into
tranches of debt and gave different
ratings to different tranches and they
sold those into pension accounts and
they all blew up remember Madon Madon
Steven Lane made
Lane one Maiden Lane two this is a
repeat of all the criminal behavior that
was done before the crash but no laws
were passed to stop the recidivist
criminal bankster fraudsters from doing
the exact same thing now again because
they refused to obey the law and though
they want to do is steal the cash and
the kleptocrats thrive some more and
their big bank accounts grow and grow
and the people in Ireland are forced to
pay for water and try to pick the seeds
out of bird droppings for food and claim
that it's their fault because they don't
have the cojones to become banksters and
commit these acts of fraud you know that
could be true you know that rap you did
there you know there is a studio a
famous recording studio in this hotel
maybe we should our plan B in case Kai's
report doesn't work out could be a rap
career for you but I want to turn to
this quote broken word please I'm spoken
word okay Gil Scott so listen this quote
here you are going to have to riff on
because this is the the most majestic
moment of this article here about these
new s B's these derivatives based on
sovereign debt out of Europe so some of
the nations especially the northern
nations are of course concerned that
this product will be just basically some
sort of fancy scheme to have debt
mutualization so that the taxpayers in
Finland and Sweden Finland and Holland
and places like this are going to be
responsible for the debts of Italy and
places like that to allay these fears
Philip Lane said the issuing entity
would have to follow strict guidelines
and be shielded from political
interference quote these sovereign bond
backed securities are issued by a robot
the Irish central banker governor said
in Helsinki there is no possibility for
anyone to interfere with the robot
seriously that's what he said right well
ok algorithmic driven trading is
programmed by folks that are looking to
exploit arbitrage opportunities in the
market
to eviscerate price discovery and steal
lots of money say those people are in
charge of algorithmically determining
how these tranches of synthetic debts
are going to be allocated and
distributed claiming that they're not
going to be debt mutualization or giving
these northern European countries with
legitimately good credit ratings junk
that wouldn't jeopardize their credit
rating and that's of course false this
is again we've seen this before the
algorithms before the long-term capital
management as you recall we're written
by Nobel prize-winning financial
engineers Kuantan economists that
couldn't fail it led to one of the
biggest catastrophes of all these BOTS
are not infallible they're programmed
for destruction and it's you know
Majesta repeat of the exact same thing
that we've seen now a few times but
there's now they're being played out
once again in in with these fuzz bees or
fizz bees or SBS bees or Furbys whatever
they want to call me just another firm
they're rubato lling the same rancid
wine into a new bottle and claiming that
it's an innovation in some way when it's
not well so now we're going to move from
a robot writing these derivatives to a
protocol called Bitcoin and what the
latest headline regarding that eight
nine years into the project it's an
interesting one and we're gonna turn to
this stripe to end Bitcoin payment
support stripe the u.s. payments firm
which helps businesses do financial
transactions online is to phase out
support for Bitcoin payments it said
fewer online merchants now wanted to
accept the cryptocurrency rising fees
and longer transaction times as a result
of price fluctuations also lessens it
appeal he said stripe said it was clear
most Bitcoin users saw it as a way to
make profits rather than something to
make payments with
as was originally intended yeah exactly
right so the original white paper by
Satoshi Nakamoto makes reference to a
digital payment system digital cache but
it's not ready to be used as digital
cache yet it's still finding its way as
a store of value so as a store of value
is competing with gold we have
irrefutable evidence that a lot of
people that would going to be buying
gold of bought Bitcoin instead with a
Bitcoin price down as it is in 2018 a
lot of the money's going into gold and
see gold is rallying a lot of the
money's coming from Bitcoin so it's a
story of value as I've said now for a
while when it gets to Bitcoin gets to a
hundred thousand dollars a coin you're
gonna see it start to become more of a
mean means at exchange so stripe it was
a bit early in their incorporation of
Bitcoin as a back-end payment solution
but once you do see some stability at
these higher prices then you'll see all
these processors come back stripe did
say that they're still going to be
involved in crypto currencies and
they're going to explore other crypto
currencies including Bitcoin once
lightning neck Network rolls out right
now it's being tested and the the tests
are going quite well and we're gonna
interview the co-founder of Lightning
Network which is a Elizabeth Stark
hopefully will interview her soon but
regarding this means of exchange versus
store value yes the markets decided
investors decided in 2017 that it would
not be necessarily means of exchange at
this moment it's going to be a store of
value back in 2014 when stripe first
started in 2014 the San Francisco based
firm became the first major payments
company to support Bitcoin payments at
the time stripe hoped Bitcoin would
become a way for people in places with
low credit card penetration or
prohibitively high credit card fees to
do transactions online but it said the
virtual currency was now better suited
to being an asset than being a means of
exchange
so back in 2014 when you know of course
we were covering it here in Kaiser
report we use it as a means of exchange
many people you know you said as a means
of exchange you know people bought
iPhones with it and I remember it being
exciting
you could buy an iPhone with ten Bitcoin
and then once the market decided
actually it's a store value then it
became a little bit frustrating that you
had spent ten Bitcoin on an iPhone
well the invention was not to create a
store value it was a store value was a
corollary or a byproduct of creating a
medium of exchange so to create that
medium of exchange the Bitcoin protocol
inadvertently created a store value
which then became the de facto primary
reason people accumulated Bitcoin now in
the wake of this kind of transition or
discussion about mean of exchange versus
store value you've got other altcoins
have come around and they're competing
and they're trying to get into that
space to be a more perfect solution for
means of exchange and other types of
variations have come about but the
entire cryptocurrency market itself is
still on track to eclipse the global
banking oleg ah Polly which is what we
need what we want and I've always said
it's a bankster killer that's the
primary use of Bitcoin and
cryptocurrency yeah and as our guest
Adela tool on Forrester had said you
know there is total tourism going on for
all of the coins even the ones that are
supposed to be instant send like - the
price goes up to over a thousand at the
area where all the prices keep on going
up which inspires the notion of holding
or a whole as it's called on the
cryptocurrency field originally the
original stackers the original holders
are gold the gold investors I know which
is a kind of immune to this to some
degree would be steam and steam it yeah
because you're constantly getting more
steam when you're posting to the site
your content and on days that it's high
you might be getting less on days that
it's low you're getting more so with
steam with your dollar cost averaging
steam by virtue of how they present
content and paper content providers so
and they didn't set out to do that as
such but that's the way it's turned out
and so steam looks like it's going to be
a way for people to accumulate crypto on
a dollar cost averaging just simply
creating more content you know we spoke
to some independent bloggers and
bloggers
to Miami Bitcoin conference and they are
really getting the steam and before in
the last 10 seconds before we go I want
to say that online gold sales soar 400%
as cryptocurrency sponge the so there
was a four-fold increase of of holders
whole rollers stacking into gold well
that's how we got into Bitcoin via gold
stay tuned for the second half a whole
Mount Frick tomorrow mofo welcome back
to the console report I'm Max Keiser
time now to turn to Harry yay of binary
what is it now binary financial Harry
welcome great to have you on finalists
for having me on I'm a huge fan of the
show you know we've been following your
career for a while and you're one of the
stalwarts in the business
tell us what sort of investment does
your company make in companies or
directly into Kryptos actually so binary
financial were one of the larger and OTC
firms we established back in 2014 and
our main focuses we facilitate large
block trades for high net worth clients
and institutions so somebody wants to
buy five or ten million dollars worth of
Bitcoin aetherium we help facilitate
that we also have a long bias that came
in came and only button
Vancouver Abu Dhabi and Singapore so
what kind of regulatory hurdles that you
have to overcome to get to this stage of
the business this face well actually
most of the areas that we've been
working with aren't in the United States
so we haven't really had to deal with a
lot of regulatory per se but our fondest
gaming base so we have to South default
came in law and when we had a us
fighting net to follow us funding it how
is business grown in the last few years
obviously it's been it's been booming I
guess tell us some numbers what's
something going on I mean we don't talk
about specific numbers but I mean on any
given day you know some on some of our
busier days you know we'll clear
anywhere between 100 million in like
transactions sometimes OTC so trading
volume even electronically from our
traders is actually pretty high and
right now just the appetite of money
that's actually coming in
needless to say almost every OTC
brokerage is quite busy right now yeah
how do you deal with the volatility is
that an issue for you you're a market
maker do you keep inventory on hand and
we love volatility I mean traders trade
and we're traders first so to kind of
answer your questions we're not really
on the VC side we do in the best
icos but the number one thing we look
for is liquidity so yeah for us trading
volatilities Atkin traders best friend
so we love all of you alright so let's
talk 2018 what are the themes emerging
from your point of view what will we be
saying I think what you're gonna start
seeing and we're starting to see already
is that a lot more of the sovereign
wealth funds and even countries are
gonna start hedging by buying Bitcoin
and alternate crypto currencies not
because they want to but they need to so
there's already been channels and
dialogue that we've been talking to some
people about whether they were actually
looking at purchasing Bitcoin to hedge
against the differential of the euro
okay so this is really fascinating to me
because it kind of anecdotally or
instinctively I've been saying hey you
know these sovereign wealth funds are
going to start nibbling at this central
bank's just going to start moving into
this you're uniquely positioned on the
trading desk dealing with high net worth
individuals and institutions and so
you're saying from your seat at the
table that yes you believe that trend
will emerge in 2018 sovereign wealth
fund to find emerging it's already
happening but people don't I mean our
minimum trade size is half a billion US
and all the desks talk to all the desks
so you start to see kind of what's going
on in even in the news you know even
Jimmy dime from JP Morgan is actually
apologizing about Bitcoin so a lot of
the banks now is starting to see that
their wealth management departments we
speak with a lot of companies just even
on the consulting side on the banks and
everybody's just trying to understand
this asset class because it's the number
one performing alternative asset class
so forget about like for us we're really
more on the speculative and like the
price trading side so for us having a
good healthy price of Bitcoin and
cryptocurrency is extremely important
because it's a barometer of the health
of the industry just like oil and gas if
the price of oil isn't doing very well
then the rest of the industry suffers so
I think that's what you're starting to
see right now is you you really can't
ignore the price of Bitcoin it's almost
at a trillion dollar market cap for all
crypto currencies you know at the time
just recently there was an idea that the
banks and the central banks would figure
out a way to derail the Bitcoin freight
train and it seems now we're at a time
when
that notion has expired and right the
central banks in these large
institutions and sovereign wealth funds
are now capitulating to the fact that
they're gonna have to get in the game
and the game theory that's inherent in
the protocol the way that the interests
of all parties are balanced to create
this competitive environment of the
distributed network if that jumps up to
the state of the central bank's will we
see central banks trying to out-compete
each other to get the biggest position
in Bitcoin I mean that's very
interesting because if you look at gold
historically what a lot of the larger g8
countries have done too is they'll start
accumulating massive positions in gold
there's only 21 million bitcoins so you
can imagine there's not even enough
Bitcoin for one person for every person
on the planet so you're gonna start to
see a lot more other crypto currencies I
think central bank's right now are even
exploring the possibility ideas of
tokenizing their own actually exclusive
in other words a centralized coin put
out by a bank is really the antithesis
of Bitcoin I don't think so because what
you're just gonna end up seeing is more
use of like a blockchain technology so
any type of government entity that
becomes a fan of lock-in in and you're
just validating the technology itself so
it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy so
I actually think 2018 and 2019 you're
gonna see monster moves up and down in
the currency because there's still no
real effective way to live a hedge
how are the new futures contracts doing
I mean typically that would be a hedging
contract are they performing as such I
think the issue with the futures
contracts and we see we seen this before
is that bitcoin is decentralized so the
only reason that traditional derivatives
and options markets work is because
you're priced on one central exchange
same with fiat currencies you can
actually hedge against viet curses but
how do you hedge against something when
there's five or 10% spreads against
different markets even on a weekend so I
think right now the only true futures
market you'll really really see that's
gonna be effective as bit Mex and
they're Bitcoin denominated futures
because I think we're going to be moving
towards
the world actually we already started
thinking in Bitcoin terms when we trade
and not necessarily US dollar right so
the hyper Bitcoin ization mindset is now
seeping into the Daniel Crowl it's I
believe I've gotten your name correct
this time Daniel Crouch from the Satoshi
Institute this idea we hit to a hyper
Bitcoin ization world of denominating
things in Bitcoin yes you're seeing that
on the institution we're already doing
it already and for us it's going the
exact opposite direction because when
you talk about dealing in satoshis you
don't have a comma it's much more
difficult to think about eight decimal
places than it is because it's the admit
the reverse because things are actually
worth less relative to Bitcoin but when
you're talking about dollars you have
inflation the price goes up so what
country in your view kind of gets it
more than other countries like is there
a country that seemingly understands
it's really going on and I think all the
countries get it what happens right now
is people always have a fear of the
unknown it's almost like the same thing
that happened when the internet first
came out it was kind of a novelty when
email first came out it was a novelty
wouldn't social networks came up before
they became a utility there's always a
lot of pushback when you come and comes
to initial technology but because
cryptocurrency is the single biggest
innovation to happen since the internet
and possibly the biggest financial
innovation since black-scholes you're
the option pricing model whatnot so I
think
usually it's the same thing with uber
with the taxi regulators you're gonna
start seeing a lot of pushback first but
then people are just gonna start
accepting the fact that you can't ignore
cryptocurrency of watching
now there's a big ICO in the pipeline
for the telegram it's a corporate ICO
what do you mentioned you are in
involved in ICS tell us a little bit
about this if you're covering it what do
you see here is what's going on there
there's definitely been a lot of
interest on the telegram I see we're
huge fans of telegram we use the product
it's one of those amazing teams and
stories out there where they've raised
literally no venture capital it's all
self-funded really really smart guys
it's gonna be a blockbuster I mean we're
we're gonna bite into it it's just the
beginning of a phase where corporations
that are gonna be issuing their own
blockchain and is that just a following
the fad or is it really going to assist
the enterprise in some way because
Amazon gonna come out with something as
Google is Apple work and it is it just
chasing something that they're not
really clear what's going on or is this
going is there something more here it's
something more because if you look at
how traditional venture models actually
work companies have to raise money
through you know Series A Series B but
what you're starting to see now is
tokenized securities so if I'm right now
all the tokens that you see our utility
tokens so companies like at0 and
polymath they're tokenizing securities
on the blockchain and we invested in one
of the earliest companies that tokenizer
secured called B cap so any kind of
security is going to be under regulatory
scrutiny so right now I think what
you're gonna start to see in 2018 and
2019 is a migration to the blockchain so
that people can actually raise
securities on the blockchain that are
regulated by securities so so peek at
blockchain capital yeah well she talked
about progress is that fun now in 2018
started with the big sell-off for
veterans of the space we've seen these
before a lot of newbies have come in in
the last six months came in at 2017 they
heard about it and they jumped in with
both feet in the 18 19 20 thousand what
would your what would you say to folks
in that in that in that kind of position
they're new to the space and now they're
there
seeing some some big sell-off well how
do you handle it I think like we like we
tell everybody that's doing getting into
the space
you know don't risk only what you're
willing to lose for that amount would
say take 10 to 20 percent of your liquid
net worth and really kind of get
comfortable with the space don't just
bet everything because at the end of the
day it is extremely volatile you know
not too many people can stomach 30%
drops in a single day you know we've
been through it enough so that we've
seen kind of how this market actually
works so that would be the best advice
is just understand that this is an
extremely volatile asset if you're gonna
be buying don't buy all that one scale
into a position so if you have ten
thousand dollars that you want to buy
instead of buying all ten thousand
dollars at once maybe buy a thousand
dollars every week for like a few weeks
so then it spreads out its cost
averaging exactly right that's an old
Wall Street trick if you will you you
put in a set amount on a regular basis
so if it's high you end up buying less
if it's low you end up buying more and
it takes the emotions yeah out of your
actually what are the best strategies
that we actually used him for myself was
I bought a Bitcoin every day for three
years so I put a little bit away every
single day and some days it was hard
because you're like oh my god it's so
high and then some days it's so low so
that's actually a good good strategies
just even put a little bit away every
single day good discipline just approach
it that way and so this is how would you
a lot of talk about is it as is it a
commodity is it a currency is it a
duck-billed platypuses some have called
it actually it's a hybrid the best way
to design describe crypto currencies are
not just Bitcoin is that they have all
the get all the features of cash that's
just a cash commanded cash on a
commodity and a currency because it has
all the properties of cash but without
the weight without the inflation and it
has all the properties of gold but
without the weight and the deflation
it's the perfect product and the perfect
there's not a more perfect elegant
product that's ever been created
okay now we're gonna leave it right
there on that note thanks for much being
on car thank you for having me
excellent thank you all right well
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy Herbert I want to thank our
special guests finally got them on Rea a
binary financial if you want to reach us
on twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time bye Oh
