while Russia is getting ready for
presidential elections the incumbent
Vladimir Putin is running for what would
be his fourth term two parties the
socially conservative LDPR and the more
liberal leading yeah blocker of fielding
the same candidates as last time round
respectively Vladimir Zhirinovsky and
grigory yavlinsky there are also some
new faces that Russia's Communist Party
is now represented by Pavel gurdy known
known as the strawberry King thanks to
his collective farms and then there's X
TV host Ksenia Sobchak who says that a
vote for her is a vote against everyone
artis oksana Boyko caught up with her
I want to show people Russia that there
is another point of view this is the
goal of my campaign I know you can't win
on the elections we're only put in
always wins putting himself upset on
many occasions that Russia needs more
competition both political but he never
gives it okay if you know all the facts
you're so stupid you're here for 18
years I'm just a little blonde girl you
know coming from TV shows come on and
have debates with me
I've never said that a president should
be you know one field expert
the only good way for us is a long way I
know that many people want a fast change
but fast change only happens as a
revolution I'm against I want to educate
people I want to bring them truth and I
want to gather all their problems to
make them federal it's the same old
Russian paternalism waiting for the
officials to fix the problem don't you
think that you are essentially playing
the very same Kremlin tactic no I'm not
I'm the change people want to see
