UK broadcaster the BBC has been accused
of providing biased brexit coverage with
the majority of his guests allegedly
defending a pro EU stance that's
according to several recent surveys
prompting anger in Britain's House of
Lords frankly the BBC has become the
supporter of a foreign organisation the
brics its secretary mr. David Davis said
to me recently that his job in Brussels
is made even more difficult if every
time he makes a small advance though
he's probably undermined by the BBC get
your act in order because you do owe a
duty of impartiality more let's cross
live to London and our teas Laura Smith
Laura good to see you so what are these
allegations of BBC bias based on so
there have been two reports just in the
last week which have looked into how the
BBC is representing brexit supporters in
some of its programming one of them was
released this morning from the Institute
for Economic Affairs
it has analysed two of the BBC's key
political panel shows any sort of
question time and any questions over the
last 18 months and the results have come
in and it found that out of 600
panelists that were invited to these
shows just one-third of them were in
favor of brexit the remaining two-thirds
were speaking in favor of remaining in
the European Union and not only that but
if you reclassify those people who used
to be remain supporters but are now
involved in implementing brexit in the
in the government the split is still
6040 in favor of remaining in the
European Union here's a little bit of an
example of what they're talking about
you cannot leave free access to a market
of 500 million people without making
yourself poorer they knew otherwise
would be actually I'm one of the
immigrants that is known
welcome ham polish read for 23 years
never been discriminated until brexit
came about can you patient I've got some
other quotations in spite of brexit you
just have to listen to the news
generalization I think anyone who's
listened to the news real recently has
heard the in spite of brexit terminology
audience so that's one report but there
was also another report released last
week from Civitas this one is called
brussels broadcasting corporation rather
amusingly
that was conducted over a longer time so
a ten year period up to 2015 and it
found that just a tiny fraction 3% of
four thousand guests on The Today
program who were asked about the
European Union actually supported a
brexit the BBC has responded to today's
report it sent us a statement it says
that these are not single issue programs
and also that they don't just invite
politicians they invite commentators and
leading figures from other areas as well
and it also says that the BBC is no
longer reporting on this binary choice
stay or leave that the electorate faced
in the referendum but it's giving
audiences the opportunity to hold those
who are implementing brexit to account
through its programming our teas Laura
Smith thank you for those details
