living of President Donald Trump's first
State of the Union address we're now
joined by host of politicking broadcast
legend Larry King Larry nice to have you
with us tonight does America need in the
in these troubled times
globally geopolitical issues does this
country need Donald Trump to be
presidential tonight to rise above the
treeline and and and and be the classy
president that can lead how important is
tonight I would say very important I
would say I absolutely has to meet those
marks if he doesn't we will continue to
have strife than will continue with
division and they'll be upset
they'll be continuing questions about
the Russian investigation which he can't
discuss in the State of the Union will
he discuss the me to discussion that's
going on across America will he join and
endorse that movement he may not be able
to base on his own personal problems
he's got a he's got a rise above what
has been the past about Trump he's got a
ver eyes above the the be the memos he
sends out on the tweets he sends out
he's got to rise it he's got to be
presidential now it's very hard to met
and I think anyone would agree on this
to match Obama's oratorical skills Obama
may be one of the greatest artists
America has ever had and that is not
Trump strength but if he's got a well
prepared speech and again the press has
not received in advance of the speech
and he delivers it well this could be an
important night for Trump he told a
group of journalists today that his
mission is to bring the country together
that if he could do that and it's ironic
that we're bringing this part of the
conversation up because you're looking
at live pictures right now the motorcade
and also protests outside of the the
Capitol in Washington DC from your
experience of Donald Trump and you've
known him for decades does he have what
it takes to bring people together we
know about the deals we know about being
able to broker a deal and do a real
the state deal and those kinds of things
but do you think that he has the chops
to bring people together I the word I
would use is hope he's an enigma to me
I've known him for over 30 years we were
friends I haven't heard from him since
the election I spoke to him quite
frequently during the campaign he has
been a personal level he's been
wonderful I've shared many moments with
him
when I had some minor surgery in New
York he took my wife out to dinner
he's always taught me at hotels and
invited me to places and we went to us
we're at a Super Bowl together in
Minnesota oddly enough years ago so on
that part of him I found him and we know
he all exaggerated sand he's very much
self involved in the word I comes out a
lot and his friends what we did was put
up with that in other words he was
amusing to be with he was a character in
a sense and it was a lot about all about
me that let's not talk about enough
about me let's talk about you what do
you think about me but it was okay it
was fun he wanted to get on page six in
the New York Post now he's president
he's on the front page of the New York
Times it's a different story
so he's got to modify in my opinion he's
got to modify himself he's got to be the
Donald Trump that was not the Donald
Trump that is especially when he goes
off beater when he goes off meter when
he gets personal attacks on people when
he's vicious to opponents you know we're
a democracy these are not the the Senate
and the house are not employees Donald
has dealt with employees all his life
these are not employees they don't have
to go what you tell him they don't the
go where you tell him to go he's got it
this some kind of balance has to occur
and it's important tonight do you think
ed do you think he can unify it tonight
the answer is I have to say I hope and I
think that's a great answer a hope is in
all of us at some level
I don't politically agree with
everything the president's putting out
but I don't want to see him fail I don't
want to see America fail I think the
stakes are way too high and I do think
that this country is ready to rally
behind someone who wants to make things
better for average Americans and if this
tax package works I'm all for it but the
proof is in the pudding I will say this
about Donald Trump he has done or
attempted to do everything he talked
about on the campaign trail a
conservative on the Supreme Court that
moves for decades a lot of decisions
reforming the tax code knocking off
regulations that hamper business I mean
there are things that he's you know and
he tried to do health care and I think
he might go back at that and I and Larry
your thoughts on the health care has
that been left to the side of the road
like roadkill or the Republicans and
this president have enough momentum
behind him to go tackle that one more
time because that really was his big
focus on the campaign trail that's a
great question and the answer is I don't
know because we didn't get in advance of
a speech and I said earlier it's the
first time I memory we haven't had an
advance of a State of the Union speech
will he bring up healthcare I think he
has to it's too big too big too big an
issue I think he has to bring it up and
also remember and 85% of America
supports the dreamers and he should be
well aware of that so I know he's going
to push for the wall but he's got the
one thing he has to have that he hasn't
shown in my opinion yet is compassion
does he really care that's very
important a president should care a
president should nurture us a president
should enfold us a president should
bring us together
let's hope isn't daca the perfect
subject for him to prove to the American
people that he does care sure he could
say look I want a wall it's very
important
for national security although I don't
know how great the problem was of
illegal avi no he's gonna bring up the
one illegal alien who killed a woman in
San Francisco yeah but if he said listen
I want the wall I'd like to have the
wall but these people 800,000 a million
point eight
they came here not by their will they
were children yeah they're in no-man's
land why don't we just free them up and
I said at a joint meeting with
Republican and Democrats I said bring me
a bill out Simon yeah Larry Bird he said
tonight bring me a doc a bill I'll sign
it
do you know Melania Trump well all very
well what do you think she's going
through she's going through a lot of
pain over this thing but the porn star
obviously she must be feeling a lot of
pain with that she did not go with him
to Davos he's a very smart he's a very
good mother he says she's a talented
woman in her own right she's kind of put
I don't know where she is in the realm
of things you know the daughter appears
to be more important than the wife but
she'll be featured tonight she'll be up
there in the upper stands looking down
smiling graciously mm-hmm I don't I
don't like to get into the personal
lives of people I don't know where
that's going I've always thought that
the role the mission of every president
is to make the country feel good about
itself and I think it's hard to argue
that Ronald Reagan probably did that as
well as any president is Donald Trump in
a position to make the country feel good
about itself tonight with what the
market has done and these companies that
are repatriating dollars and the job
numbers that are low unemployment
numbers that are low for minorities
Latinos and African Americans
maleeh an opportunity for the president
tonight isn't it yeah he has that
opportunity Ronald Reagan did it and I
knew Reagan pretty good by embracing the
tip O'Neal's
never look mean he never had enemies he
had a political philosophy that many I
in many cases disagreed with I was very
close to Nancy but you felt that he
cared
you gonna a few felt he cared I don't
know if we feel that with Trump I don't
know how we look at him
you know it's George Burns had a great
line once the secret to success in
anything is compassion and sincerity and
if you can fake that you got it made
let's go back to our panel tonight Mitch
Caesar Scottie Nell Hughes Steve moles
Berg and Hollen Cook Hollen I'll let you
pick up on that comment
Larry is correct when he says he's not a
great orator but he is a great
communicator it was 44 years ago tonight
that President Nixon said one year of
Watergate is enough
fast forward to Bill Clinton the era of
big government is over what will be the
bite of the night what do you think the
bite of the night is Steve I think the
bite of the night is going to be that
we're one America and we're all equal
and he's he cares about and is out to
help every single American no matter the
race creed or color well the president
telling his journalist today that he
wants to you know unify the country he
can't do that unless he plays ball with
the Democrats well Nancy Pelosi today
city I'll have a successful speech if he
doesn't burp and that's that's what we
supposed to play well it's all done in
the Senate and there's going to be
plenty of support whatever what the
president wants to do I think in the
house yeah but it's he's got to make
sausage with Chuck Schumer how how
Schumer already said no wall I mean how
do you do it
mm-hmm bitch listen this president has
spent the last year acting like he only
wants to represent red states and be a
red state president who I think will be
more moderate tonight I do but by the
same token I think once the first tweet
comes out in the next day or so whatever
moderation he's showing tail will be
washed out he's facing a very low
standard as people were allude
to that as long as he reads off the
teleprompter he's doing great
the problem is it doesn't last long I
want him to succeed as an American I
think oh moderate today but I think the
shelf wife will be very sure Scottie
Nell this is the biggest platform this
president will ever have this even beats
the crowd at the inauguration but you
know the world is watching and III think
that the President does want to please
he does want to deliver he talks about
winning he said on the campaign trail
that America doesn't win anymore and he
we got to start winning again this is
one of those nights where America can
win absolutely and just as important is
the message that President Trump is
going to be giving from that electron
it's also going to be the messages
coming out from the crowd I mean we all
members Joe Wilson's you lied that took
the headlines the next day there's gonna
be a lot of subliminal messages also
coming I think we've already seen it
tonight Melania Trump just walked down
the stairways in a white suit not
because I am female I obviously look at
what she's wearing and she wears white
traditionally but tonight it means
something different considering we just
come off the Grammys or a lot of the
women in solidarity we're all wearing
white and so when the president is
already seeing that he's not going to
focus on the great strides women have
made in 2017 in regards to sexual abuse
in the workplace Melania just sent that
message right there and I guaranteed
that it's going to be one of those
messages sent and more powerful than
anything her husband could have said
mm-hmm Larry is Donald Trump in your
friendship with him over the years
always been a guy that rises to the
occasion he seems to he's had
bankruptcies he's had charges against a
if you couldn't do that thing with Billy
Bush and still remain alive and then win
the presidency if you could do that
you've got something that you're doing
right he drives you crazy if you
disagree with him but he seemed he
dances the dance he does the little
dance he is he's the great negotiator
who hasn't negotiated a great deal yet
except he got that tax bill through
he's disliked on the world stage he's
low in popularity in America but he's
Donald he's the Donald it's still The
Apprentice
the show is still going on how am i
ratings how am i doing was that he will
save tomorrow that this is the most
watched State of the Union speech in the
history of television he will say that
whether it's true or not and the
question will be will he stick to the
things he says tonight or will he
disagree with himself in two days you
never know with the Donald
Larry as you see the president come into
the chamber tonight what are the
Democrats do tonight I've been at these
where there's thunderous applause
there's people sitting on their hands
and tonight there are a number of
lawmakers who are not in attendance
because they are protesting the
president United States which I
personally don't agree with I think
they're on the payroll they ought to do
their job and get there this is a
platform for the country not just their
political beliefs and I've felt the same
way when Republicans did this to Obama
but how do the Democrats play this
tonight your thoughts on their
leadership they will say I agree with
you they should no one should boycott a
presidential speech I agree they'll sit
on their hands in those moments they'll
be moments when they'll stand and that
when the speech you know is in
platitudes but basically they'll sit and
the Republicans will stand and applaud
and they'll be applause lines that
always happens in the state of the
unions all the women dressed in black
the timers will focus on that a lot but
basically it'll be a Republican speech
to a Republican House with a lot of
Democrats present the Democrats hope
that they're the majority in next year's
State of the Union so we shall see what
we shall see but again I think except
for the brief indications you gave us
the axis of evil and the like State of
the Union speech that generally
forgotten well some big story breaks the
next day we know you know today a story
will there will be a big story breaking
within 24 hours after this speech
guaranteed one
