Wow this is the Kaiser report I'm Max
Keiser what the Frick is going on flower
plucky's not here
we'll bring punky back soon what's going
on Stacie max have you gone totally mad
I love the flowers of the trees and the
bees it's nature it's a forest right
here in the middle of Los Angeles
fantastic oh yes we're in a tropical
jungle here in the middle of Los Angeles
so you will hear the birds because we're
in a tropical forest within Los Angeles
we're at the Sunset Marquis but you will
hear many sirens because many bad people
live in Los Angeles as well people like
Kevin Spacey
Harvey Weinstein all the police are
chasing but you know what is doing very
well not only are these plants and trees
doing very well but max the stock market
is doing well as we've covered it keeps
on going up and up and up and up and up
and up and up and up and up Trump has
had the best you know one year
performance of any president since FDR
remember FDR of course came in when it
was at all-time low and then the stock
market after the Great Crash soared
well Trump's had a great year and you
know who is now actually piling into the
market at the all-time high the
Millennials finally fearful Millennials
are finally ready to take a chance on
the stock market they interviewed Jared
Smith a 31 year old old millennial who
used to be afraid of the markets but not
anymore the markets becoming a little
more insulated he said I'm hoping that
we learned our lesson from the crisis we
have gotten better as a society
especially in the financial and banking
world that we will not allow that again
the certain measures have been put in
place since then the market is not
insulated in any way
it's the discounting mechanism for risk
and the risk is at the moment higher
than it has been for quite some time but
I understand reading the financial press
that the Millennials are piling into
companies that are involved in the
marijuana industry they mentioned in
particular that he was he had bought
Nvidia so a lot of them are into that
whole gaming
space and all the chips and stuff like
that and some of the fang chairs you
know the text shares he's piling into
that he is also dabbling its with a
cryptocurrency stuff but he said he was
mostly afraid of the risk but really the
most shocking thing that this kid said
this 31 year old guy jared smith said
from new york city by the way lives in
new york probably in brooklyn this is
for the 2020 elections to look forward
to because listen to what he says about
why he's piling into the stock markets
and why he has faith in the future of
the US economy one factor influencing
his appetite for risk President Donald
Trump Trump does seem to be much more
Pro economy and pro-american stock
market than other past presidents Smith
said while he's in office I believe
there is an extra layer of insulation
there from something drastic and
catastrophic from happening like this is
a millennial saying this from New York
right well I remember before the dot-com
crash in 2000 you had an enormous amount
of money flowing into America online
because people got online and they said
I'm online I'm gonna buy stock in
America online so it's a form of what I
call stock market narcissism where
you're buying what it is that you are
doing at that moment so here you have
people who are on social media they're
buying social media stocks and if so its
stock market narcissism and Donald Trump
is very Pro jobs and he's trying to
bring back jobs but ultimately the
decision of whether or not this market
is expensive or cheap that of the
Federal Reserve Bank who controls
interest rates so interest rates are at
historic lows at this time but if in
fact the economy starting to heat up as
this millennial is suggesting that means
that wages will also start to eat up
which is inflationary which means bonds
will have to start trading down which
means interest rate to go up and it's
therefore you'd have a correction
however if you look at what has also
happened this week how was a Jeff Bezos
made 2.8 billion dollars in one day and
he made 2.8 billion dollars in one day
after his company introduced technology
that eliminates the
need four cashiers all cashiers in
America make an average of 210 million
dollars a day combined cashiers is the
number two job in America number one I
believe his truck driver number two his
cashiers so Jeff Bezos of Amazon
introduced that Amazon go and we don't
need cashiers you just walk out so you
know whether or not inflation will ever
appear in wages it's hard to know right
so I think his net worth is now topped
113 billion dollars that's interesting
that the internet of course was financed
by the government and then you have
private tears able to cash in on what
was built by the government I've often
said that Social Security for example
should have a component that invests in
the stock market so that people can
participate in the things that they're
financing it could be the infrastructure
projects the internet projects the
technology projects remember there would
be no technology sector without NASA and
NASA is a government program there would
be no Google there would be no Apple
there would be no Microsoft without NASA
the US government so why shouldn't the
US government acid NSA DoD all of them
DARPA yeah so why shouldn't there be an
element in our collective ownership of
this country of owning these particular
entities and not why's it concentrated
in just one individual that's a very
poorly designed system in my view now I
have another tweet and this was from
January 23rd your birthday somebody
tweeted this about Jeff Bezos just to
put into context when you're looking at
how the wealth effect and everybody
feels great because the stock market
keeps on going up a thousand points
faster than you know all-time new highs
faster and faster as it seems like
inflation is really kicking off after
all the central bank interference and
printing money but Jeff Bezos how much
he made from January 1st to January 23rd
Jeff Bezos has made another fifteen
point two billion dollars just so far
this year yes it's January 23rd the
average American has made 3128 dollars
so far this year so bet Jeff Bezos made
four
million eight hundred and fifty nine
thousand three hundred and thirty five
times more than the average American
this is a the hyperinflation of
billionaire class for sure yeah there's
the billionaire created every other day
from the latest statistics so every two
days there's a new billionaire which is
okay fine I mean the system produces
great wealth and we should encourage the
pursuit of great wealth I'm Pro
capitalism but when you have the
underlying architecture of the system is
such where individuals like Bezos are
aggregating wealth at vast magnitudes
and multitudes of the underlying
inflation rate it shows that the
architecture of the system the design of
the system is flawed is broken and will
result in catastrophic failure our
market failure we've seen that market
failure many times we saw in 2008 we saw
in 1997 we saw it in nineteen eighty
seven and we're gonna see it again
probably in the very near future because
the underlying design of this capitalist
system has not been modified to account
for changes in technology over the past
50 60 70 years and we keep having these
catastrophic failures well speaking of
catastrophic failure
I want to point out once again before I
move on to the next headline this
millennial the Millennials are supposed
to be the armed with her sort of crowd
these are supposed to be the ones that
all the Democrats are counting on to
come out in 2018 and the midterm
elections and vote for them and here's a
millennial from Brooklyn I'm only he's
in New York they say that but I'm
assuming Brooklyn okay I might be
stereotyping him but you know here's a
guy who you would think is naturally
gonna vote for the Democrats and he
doesn't mention Putin but he mentions
President Donald Trump as a reason why
he himself is invested in the stock
market and if the markets continued to
go crazy and you never know markets can
stay irrational for longer than anybody
could stay solvent trying to bet against
them but here here's a kid that you
would think everything with if he's
watching Rachel Maddow he's he's
supposed to be of scared he's supposed
to be hiding under his bed
you know in fear of some nuclear attack
instead he's he's he's
a third of his trust that he has of
course like most Millennials in Brooklyn
are gonna have a trust well he's taking
a third of it and he's going along the
stock markets in ETFs for the first time
since out of the financial crisis well
it's a curious timing on that you know
with the post-crisis the Dow get down to
9,000 now it's flirting with 26,000 and
these Millennials are piling in now at
this level but they hated it at 9,000
but that's the way markets are they're
despised at the lows when people should
be buying and they're loved at the tops
when people should be cautious so this
is a classic kind of contrarian
indicator that if you've got the
uneducated now piling in at all-time
highs I think the professionals will
start to ease out for the exits before
the mad rush well this is a dangerous
sign that this next tweet because of
course many of these Millennials he'll
be buying by an online discount
brokerage and here's one of them a tweet
about one of them TD Ameritrade CEO says
he has never seen client cash levels
this low clients highly active in
markets again another contrarian
indicator so when you have low cash
levels in accounts that people are fully
committed that's typically at a market
top when you have great bullishness
that's generally at a market top when
the put/call ratio is that a extended
level more bullish bets than negative
bets that's generally a market top so
all these contrarian indicators are
telling us that the market is at
nosebleed territory and but it that's
when most people you know pile in
because the euphoria generates
irrational choices yeah well I know that
even Ray Dalio who's that I guess one of
the richest hedge funders in America he
was over in Davos
saying that anybody sitting on the
sidelines is basically an imbecile and
they're gonna miss out because markets
are gonna continue to soar this year
certainly with all the tax cuts so
that's what he thinks maybe maybe for a
year these Millennials a week okay I'm
sure the Democrats are
hoping that he's not okay because they
need a market crash if this is the sort
of you know it's the economy stupid well
let me point something out Ray Dalio can
make a statement like that and be long
in the market and also hedged so he
could put ten billion dollars into the
stock market and for two or three
percent of that investment he can be
hedged with puts and futures contracts
limiting his loss to two or three
percent if there is a crash the people
who are listening to him who will go
long the market are unhedged the TT
Ameritrade and the discount brokers
they'll pile in the milania's will pile
in but they won't be hedged so if there
is a 10 20 or 30 percent correction or
crash they'll feel at all
Laurie Dahlia will feel only 2 percent
and he'll be like oh I guess I was wrong
but I'm hedged so I'll he lost 2 percent
and by the way here's my next idea and
then so finally because this kind of
ties in with Davos and this young kid
millennial being from New York and
what's how Trump even came into office
in the first place and looking forward
to 2018 is bronco milan tweeted you know
he's a professor at Kuni it's a city
university of new york and he he's
written a book about inequality so he
said of the davos crowd he says as
bronco melon dallas attendees they are
loath to pay a living wage but they will
fund a phil Amarna orchestra they will
ban unions but they will organize a
workshop on transparency in government
you know just in terms of whether or not
that sort of Philharmonic funding crowd
of the MSNBC watching elite of New York
some of the people that we could think
of whether or not that they'll have some
economic answers that will trump the
rising stock market that Millennials are
now feeling some sort of wealth effect
that Trump is making them feel smart
because the markets are going up because
they're invested well speaking of
Millennials after the break we talked to
one of the richest Millennials freaking
out there in the crypto space don't go
away stay right there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
extra time now to turn to jeremy
gardener of auger and many other crypto
related projects long term friend jeremy
gardener great to have you on finally
thanks for having me man alright this is
awesome now tell us what auger so auger
was one of the very first applications
i've ever built on top of the theory and
blockchain it is a decentralized
application it is a decentralized
prediction market platform effectively
an unstoppable online betting platform
that predicts the future right now I
have some experience in the prediction
market myself going back a number of
years I studied your experience okay so
at the Hollywood Stock Exchange so
Jeremy how does this let's say we use
the blockchain in a prediction market
sure so it is entirely written on top of
a layer of smart contracts so there is
not a single component of the augur
platform that is centralized in any way
including the the bent resolution
process which is really the most novel
innovation of augur is that instead of
relying on a single central entity to
resolve say whether Donald Trump was
elected president or not thousands of
people report on the outcome of events
from around the world using a token that
we issued out and one of the very first
icos
the factor is a very first utility token
ever created because it's a token that
is not used to secure a blockchain but
to make an application work instead so
it's a bit of crowdsourcing using the
utility token to get into some of these
processes like verifying a resolution as
you say so it's efficient and what about
the experience we've seen in the past
with some prediction markets like in
trade within Ireland is that you know a
lot of people don't like to have
prediction markets around because they'd
like to be able to control the news
cycle they like to be especially in
America now with so much going on in the
political space or like to control
things yes the prediction markets tend
to give a more on propaganda eyes look
at things and it can get you know you're
attracting some attention maybe
that you don't want to attract have you
thought about that what's your thought
right I mean that that is why we created
it decentralized prediction market how
form there is there are no servers so
like in traits
it can't be shut down once the
application goes live it's Pandora's box
and it's open forever ah there I mean
there are thousands of nodes all around
the world validating the transactions
hosting the platform it is totally I'm
son Cyril but we have gone and we have
reached out to the appropriate
regulatory authorities we've explained
what the platform is we explain that
it's totally open source we explain that
the augur does not create any of the
markets or the forecast foundation which
is behind augur it's anybody that uses a
platform that goes and creates such
markets and and to be clear I'm not
speaking on behalf on augur of augur I
have no longer associated just a
co-founder an ambassador to the platform
okay so the Jeremy Carter story actually
gets kind of interesting here so I wrote
about you in the New York Times and
there's a story out there that talking
about the crypto bro
and that's how I characterize it what is
it trip the whole castle yeah and which
is my house is your house it's your
house in San Francisco yeah and there
are 20-somethings and how are you
twenty-something oh yeah about just
turned 26 a month and you guys were
early into the crypto space yeah it's
where all girl was pretty much founded
and if you're sitting on you know let's
let's be honest so you know bucket loads
of wampum you know and and so the New
York Times chose to take the angle that
you know why are we giving these young
guys so much frickin money and is this a
good thing and I must say that the
characterization you know painted you
you know I would say in a not in a
terribly flattering way it was
intellectually vapid right and so your
experience you know I talked you a
little bit about this was that the
mainstream media was different
experience than you expected yeah and
you know I always hated the term in
stream media it just sounded like this
horrible objectification of popular news
but at the end of the day what you begin
to realize especially as you interact
with journalists reporting for these
large news organization
is that they have neither the time nor
the capacity they truly explore the
ramifications of technology that they're
writing and reporting so instead what
they do is they look for sound bytes
they look for things that make it very
easy to process so if it's about like
fast like fast money instant wealth
Lambos and stupid memes you can write
about that because the part of most
audiences can comprehend that I hear
right my boys got Lambo stupid means
very difficult to take the time to
explain to an audience that may not
understand much about database
technology which is movement sort of us
and go and explain what a blockchain
knows and thus they take the path of
least resistance and often that is just
one that is very arm intellectually
empty you know looking at this open
source projects going back to Linux yeah
you know it's technology guys and
they're solving the problem of the
software presented to them by Microsoft
and they thought you know we can do a
better job and I'm gonna open source
this and nerds and techno guys and
programmers behind the scenes nobody
ever hears about them came up with this
product that was a world-beating product
when software it becomes money you know
bitcoin is software that is money it's
open-source money right how has this
impacted the general mindset of the
young entrepreneur and developer
programmer because it seems like it's
not necessarily a match made of heaven
you put you give a guy who's maybe
autistic you know who spends 19 hours a
day writing code and suddenly he's maybe
more thought you've got 100 million or
200 million dollars in monetized liquid
form so as a cultural observer and as a
veteran in this space at your age talk
to me about that it's not a fair like
observation or what do you think about
that the older folks get the harder it
is for them to comprehend how natural
this technology is in its newest asset
classes to Millennials and below because
we've always had video games we've
already had in-game digital currencies
we're used to that inverter for the
several years there's been like you can
mine digital gold and there's
actually a real-world value that you can
go exchange those Tokra internet tokens
for what you haven't had its digital
scarcity and that and that that's the
real innovation that Bitcoin provided
and what makes it such a promising asset
class but to digital natives young
people that have been on the internet
like myself at least since we were like
eight or nine when the World Wide Web
really kind of took off it's just it
feels very natural the whole idea of
scanning a QR code to sit and send money
it says it doesn't feel that strange to
us but I have to admit it is somewhat
troubling the the mint riches that are
being created because it creates the
wrong sort of narrative about the
technology if you look at the articles
written about me recently they there is
no attempt to like go into any sort of
anything I've actually done in this
industry they just want to write about
like how much money I made and what it
does is it perpetuates and becomes a
self-fulfilling prophecy of this culture
of greed in a fast money that's what it
was never about for any of us that got
into this early and most of us have seen
the real upside of this we got in
because we truly believe this technology
we changed the world and make it better
alright let's talk about digital
scarcity please like him because that
really is a key concept again referring
back to my experience I was talking
saying to the patent that I created for
the virtual specialist it was to deal
with the fact that you got millions of
users and there was no he hadn't figured
out a way to create price priority
across all those asset classes because
you had preponderance of people come in
and by Leonardo DiCaprio so that price
would zoom higher and distort the market
and so he had no scarcity he had to
create a specialist mechanism to create
the digital scarcity by affecting the
way price discovery work yes okay now
with this digital scarcity that problem
is solved yeah and it's true across all
the crypto assets and it's something
that let's say the gold people who don't
like crypto don't get they don't
understand that so can you for in a few
lines address their what they're missing
about digital scarcity in crypto well so
what you have to understand in order to
grasp
the scarcity that exists in Bitcoin is
the fact that bitcoin is like I said
before open source money and it's its
features are programmable and deflation
21 million bitcoins that will ever be
created it's something that is hardwired
into Bitcoin schoo and there's really no
chance that that will ever be changed
and so we sue to if you don't believe in
code and you don't believe in software
and like you're not you're a troglodyte
like you're never gonna get bit copy a
chocolate ice here our time is gonna
slam you for ageism victimize folks that
do not appreciate the power of software
because too many people can seem like
magic it's like you literally write
something into a computer in it and it
makes other things now Steve Jobs said
he said anything we do if it's any good
should appear like magic right
and you know there's still people that
don't use Apple products you know okay
so now the RCO market is I'm here at the
conference you're here at the conference
there's hundreds of ideas it's crazy and
is are we hit if we hit peak I see yeah
we've probably hit peak by CEO I think I
think we're gonna reach a point very
soon where there's more regulatory
enforcement
there's a massive shakeout in the
industry a lot of these really tokens go
and disappear with
