today crypto is unique crypto is
empowering crypto is on the verge of a
global financial revolution crypto is a
direct challenge to the world banking
system allowing you to be the bank and
make the money win or lose in the end
crypto is bound to lead the world into
the future let's give this Bitcoin a try
not bad
20:18 is promising to be the year of
cryptocurrency right after New Year's
several major coins like ripple and
etherium broken all-time high of 400 to
4,000 percent the amount of people
wanting to participate in the crypto
craze skyrocketed shutting down new user
registrations across several major
crypto trading platforms what prospects
is 2018 hold for the world of crypto and
blockchain technology what new surprises
await us in the realm of mining and how
does it all work
welcome to our weekly digest on
everything hot in the world of
blockchain this is our T's crypto Liam
with me your host miguel francis
santiago today we're gonna look at all
the branches of the cryptocurrency
phenomena checking the progress of the
russian mining companies new mining
machine called the multi cell based on
Soviet Sputnik technology which will
mine over three thousand dollars a day
in revenue visit the coins Bank Asian
blockchain crews and meet a man who
happens to be one of the biggest miners
in America and a guru on cryptocurrency
Jon magazine we will also meet a young
Russian trader max luck Sokka who made
$300,000 just after a three thousand
dollar ico investment into aetherium
and just last week and his Thailand
residents got dropped for $100,000
coin and finally doctor founder of mark
space one of the hottest russian i ciose
the press calls the new internet big
news from moscow is the russian mining
company co-owned by dmitry marine civ
one of President Vladimir Putin's
Internet Ombudsman planned to raise as
much as a hundred million dollars in
Bitcoin and theorem for their ICO the
result was only 43 million but it was
more than needed to go on with the
production of the multi-cell miner see
with mining it's simple a machine takes
part in everyday cryptocurrency exchange
operations and gains the owner eight
percent for each transaction the latest
Chinese bit main mining machine at 2,300
dollars will produce you around twenty
five dollars worth of Bitcoin daily our
MC has two miners in the works the
$1,600 sunrise Bitcoin miner that has
more mining power than Batanes machine
thus producing 30 to 40% more daily
revenue and the multi sell alternative
coin miner that will be a breakthrough
for the world's mining machinery let's
speak with mitri marine chip himself and
get the latest on the progress so you
had a tough launch some deadlines were
flown but everyone is eager to see the
miner what's the progress so far
the process is good the sunrise minor is
ready and as we speak we're launching
mass production as our factory
multi-cell is a microprocessor with
roots deep in the Soviet past when the
multi cell processing philosophy was
created it was used for in space
communication and it is still used what
it is is basically a ciphering
technology for communication channels
using minimal energy consumption and at
the same time being extremely failsafe
all because several cells allow the
processor to keep working even if one or
two cells have malfunctioned in orbit
when we did the mathematical equations
and experiments using this technology
with cryptocurrency transactions the
results were astounding as they were
radically better and higher than for
example the usual old coin mining
through video cards and that is where we
got the idea to do an ICO for the
production of such a unique product the
multi cell is due to be released in
August 2018 but not all stories in the
world of crypto have a happy ending meet
max with Sokka a young rich and daring
crypto trader who kick-started his
fortune by getting a return of 300
thousand dollars from a small investment
of just three thousand into early stages
of the second most powerful
cryptocurrency aetherium becoming an
active trader and publicly showcasing
his success and sharing tips on his
youtube channel he has made himself
vulnerable to a new trend of crypto
thieves last week as thailand residents
the robbers caught up with him and stole
$100,000 worth of Bitcoin I met with max
to get the details of this truly
eye-opening incident for the blockchain
community Annie and I went home after
having dinner with friends Hanyu
unlocked the door and suddenly two scary
dudes walked up to us as it turned out
they entered through the back door
that's why they weren't caught by the
security cameras the robbers pushed us
in sat us on the couch take away our
iPhones and covered our heads so we
couldn't see anything a third person
came in and started searching the place
he took my debit card and later emptied
my account took our three MacBooks
two iPhones our documents including
passports and even phone chargers they
threatened to drug us and turn us in to
the Thai police I knew it all sounded
insane but even though they didn't do
all that they were still ready to get
physical with us so I decided not to be
a hero and did what they told they stole
about a hundred thousand bucks they
could have stolen more but they were in
a hurry my case is not unique not so
long ago
Pavel nation' got beaten up in st.
Petersburg and 20 million rubles were
stolen I had just read about that and
sure enough that kind of thing happened
to me as well here's what I think
thieves used to steal money but now they
realized that cryptocurrency is a better
deal it's easier because you can't trace
Bitcoin transactions so yes I think this
is a new trend max now regrets living
such a public lifestyle flaunting his
success and considers this a very
expensive lesson well learned we were
supposed to meet max at the blockchain
cruise but because of this incident he
obviously couldn't make it we however
decided to ease up the atmosphere and
see what it was all about
now it's time to take a swim at the
coins Bank Asian blockchain crews
welcome set of coins Bank Phuket
blockchain conference we're about to get
acquainted with over a thousand
different participants from 50 different
countries including a hundred Russian I
SEOs some of the hottest new stuff in
the world of blockchain let's go events
like this allow you to mix and mingle
with some of the top talent in the
blockchain industry one of the speakers
happen to be a man who is considered by
some as the blockchain guru John McAfee
what are some criteria that you would
suggest to look for in a good ICO okay
the first and foremost is it something
that you would use if you would love to
have what they're trying to build or
great support it okay number two is it a
team and you can find this out because
in in the white paper will be a list of
the founders and developers have they
had experience in building blocks and
things if not you might think maybe they
can't produce it and number four does it
sound like the people who are doing this
coin love it themselves and the story
one of the more unique ICO is I found
here is a Russian project called mark
space it's intriguing to say the least a
3d and virtual reality space creating
platform powered by blockchain
technology basically it's a way for
businesses communities and really anyone
to run and showcase their service or an
idea in virtual reality
for example to virtually take a walk
through a flagship store in Beverly
Hills or do a test drive in that cool
car you've always wanted so what's this
height why
I think because we're you know people
understand that we have existing company
with more than 10 years experience in IT
in the VR and 3d visualisations and we
now have a product that they can try
they go to our website to try our
virtual instructor they build the own 3d
view a compatible web site they see that
it's working thank you how it's actually
work you go to our website you choose
the place in our ecosystem is the unit
it's virtual space then you use our
virtual constructor and you build very
fast and very easy you know even kids
can do that you build your own 3d and VR
compatible web site but we couldn't
leave the blockchain conference without
getting some exclusive advice the goons
John so there's an avalanche that's
going downhill right now and people are
worried what do you think what's
happening nothing's happening no it's
it's what's gonna continue to occur two
to three times a year for the next five
years the bank's governments and and
people who are going to be harmed white
cryptocurrencies are terrified JP Morgan
America's largest bank is more afraid
than anyone because they have more to
lose in September the chairman Jamie
diamond went on CNBC and said bitcoin is
a fraud while Bitcoin dropped 40 percent
in an hour
it's just hype they're trying to do
whatever they can to harm the world
governments are gonna shut down all
crypto currencies nonsense because
governments cannot shut down Bitcoin or
aetherium or monera
or any of it simply can't be done I
wholeheartedly believe in cryptocurrency
and I believe that it will change
humanity's conscience in the future if
people believe in this technology that
will certainly rid themselves of
financial problems the other ones I
think the Russian government overall
sees cryptocurrency is something
positive steps are being taken to govern
cryptocurrency
but overall the drift I'm getting
that even with future laws in place
Russia would be a very welcoming country
for cryptocurrency and so we have this
little dip it's already coming back up
don't panic just don't stop is this a
good time to buy you'd say it's a
tremendous time to buy do you personally
invest in any cryptocurrency and what is
hot right now in the market according to
you I can only advocate for our coin the
Russian minor coin I personally
purchased it during the initial coin
offering what makes RMC special is that
it essentially is the same as Bitcoin
but it also has a built-in mechanism for
return on your investment as you get a
percentage of the overall RMC mining
revenue Bitcoin has fallen now and in my
opinion this year Bitcoin won't have the
main role will perhaps still have some
weight but only because people who don't
understand much about al coins will
invest in Bitcoin a coin I'm personally
interested in is neo I just wanted to
ask you about neo the so-called Chinese
aetherium how much potential does it
have like right now it's at 130 dollars
can it go to 500 a thousand and more
absolutely it's just a matter of time
another interesting coin is a mesial
anything that is going big on the asian
market i consider good this year
i think the hottest coin is more narrow
only because it's the only privacy coin
that's widely used see i'm on the dark
web a lot because i'm a security
specialist as well
how am i gonna know what's happening in
the world of hacking without living with
the hackers on the dark rather well
bitcoin is not exactly private and it
can be unwell now if you go on the dark
web one
hundred percent of everybody uses low
narrow so just like Bitcoin started on
the dark web and moved out I think one
arrow is going to do the same thing in
five years time over half of the world I
promise you will be using cryptocurrency
and the half that does not is going to
be the half that probably doesn't have
smartphones or any access to the
Internet I would also like to say in
America I am trashed constantly because
I'm always on RT as a Russian agent I'm
serious about that people but they say
it half-heartedly however why am I on
Russian television you guys never
interrupt me and you let me do things
like take the microphone away from the
interviewer and talk myself so thank you
very much
