entering the Moscow region the cars
started changing its course we were
moving at about 90 km/h so we had lost
the first the the one of the wheels of
the car so basically it could no longer
go so the the car was evacuated now it's
still parked
the evacuation service I think we're I
think we're going to ask for an analysis
of the car because at first I didn't
really I didn't really think it was
important
myself and my relatives started
receiving messages at first I didn't
even tell a lot of people about the
accident I just just by the evening of
that day I spoke to some journalists and
somebody told me don't you think this is
a this accident this this could have
happened not just by accident there were
people who said maybe you should ask for
political asylum in the UK because what
happened wasn't just an accident
there were people rioting that the
Russian government is somehow going to
poison
mrs. cripples mother and so this has
been going on for a week
so if you think that this was
orchestrated by somebody then why and
how and for what reason why why resort
to such drastic measures well maybe some
people don't like that there are
publications made in the Western media
with my interviews with my information
provided by me maybe some data some
things I say that some things that
refute or disprove some previous
statements statement that Sergei cripple
him self does not believe that Russia
was behind it behind the poisoning but
we haven't still seen mr. scribble we
haven't seen Sergey a lot of
contradictions in the book that's about
to be published the first the
contradiction is that received books
through his his daughter but that's
certainly not something that could have
happened we know that he wouldn't risk
something like that but by the time at
that time his daughter was a teenager
she wouldn't be able to go to you case
you wouldn't be able to go
abroad all by herself and so this is a
strict contradiction this is clearly
something that couldn't couldn't have
happened also Sergei is crippled to
Russia after that even though he weren't
he said that he wouldn't return to
Russia there was an agreement that
people who who left Russia would never
attempt to return to it Sergei never
stood against Russia he never held any
positions against Russia he never did
anything illegal but he was prosecuted
this was strictly in a legal way have
you received any threats oh do you see
any threats coming your way
no I haven't received any threats
nothing like that
Walter Litvinenko's said that they would
kill me but I just laughed when I heard
that he said that this is going to have
very serious consequences so the first
time that I came on TV I was said I was
told my Walter that if I start talking
if I don't keep silent I'm going to get
killed it was so it was reported in the
UK about the statements by Sophia's
cripple saying that Russia is was not
involved in his poisoning that he holds
no grudge against Russia do you think
this is going to affect the
investigation well the whole situation
started as a PR stunt
by the resume and the whole story was
instigated through the BBC they were the
first channel to write about it they
were the first to publish news about it
the first to go on air talking about the
poisoning and the investigation so why
do I believe this was a PR stunt
well publicity stunt because right from
the start it was dead
they found former GRU officer and an
unidentified girl of 33 years old who
lost consciousness this was what the
report reported on the very first day
but how could they know the exact age of
the girl since they didn't know her name
didn't know who she was
it was on the later when I was contacted
by UK journalists that I can
that this was his daughter Julia just an
hour after that there was statement by
Boris Johnson who confirmed it was
Sergei is crippled and his daughter
Yulia and later it was the reason a who
spoke about that so this is why I
believe this was all a stunt I guess the
reason I simply knows no other means of
making politics of doing politics
because it all started with Litvinenko
and so there were accusations of
poisoning long long ago and I think
they're using the same tricks just as
before it's all staged it's really funny
you know I I say something I deny or
refute some facts and the day later they
say something else it's the same
situation with Bashir ofin Petrov once
they contacted the journalists I said
well at least they said let for the
anchor was poisoned by some high-ranking
official but this time they found just
some two ordinary civilians so what kind
of story is that and just a day after
that we see news about Bashir of not
being Musharraf but actually a GRU
colonel and so what we see today is that
the reason a is trying to find ways to
restore trust i i have no nothing bad to
say about UK journalists UK
correspondents because they came to me
they listened to me without any tricks
I talked directly to them but as for
Teresa may I think she's just in a very
troublesome situation so they were
looking for a way out when this was the
way out because going back to Sergei if
he's awake if he's making comments if
he's making statements why is he not
contacting Russia why there are no
public statements by him if if he
believes that Russia is not to blame if
he believed that it wasn't Russia why is
he not contacting people also knowing
Sergei and knowing him well I know that
he would find any means through any
means he would find a way to contact his
mother to today to make a to make a
phone call and contact his mother whom
she whom he loves and and he would and
he would know that this phone call would
not be tracked in any way it would only
be between him and his mother but still
there hasn't been no phone calls
so another report was that when it all
started it was said that scruple
believed that Moscow was probably
responsible now the UK is saying
scribble announced he does not blame
Russia how is this happening did he
change his opinion or is it really all
staged right from the start I know that
mr. scribble Sergey is crippling Russia
would not not would never lay any
accusations against Russia I don't know
about UK intelligence services but
but the statements made made by UK
members of parliament are something
no-one analyzed they said why are you
not coming to Salisbury well they don't
know all the circumstances they don't
know about my children who have special
needs I cannot just leave also there was
a report saying that the UK government
claimed there were no relatives of no
other relatives of sir gays crippled and
the existing relatives the existing
relatives did not want to contact the
hospital where he was held I tried
calling the hospital but I don't I
didn't know English so then we made a
call with an interpreter and so they
changed phones they finally they finally
contacted us linked us to some official
who said that he would give us some
documents he would help us but we
haven't been contacted since they don't
respond they don't contact us
neither the hospital know the officials
so over the past months neither Sergey
nor Yulia have contacted you yeah it's
been two months since the last time that
I talked to you Lee it wasn't the 24th
of July I don't know if Yulia is talking
to her friend whom she called but I
don't know about that
have you tried contacting your family
well one of the phone numbers that Yulia
used to call no longer exists and the
other one she's not accessible
after it was Lamba sheriff and mr.
Petrov became globally famous have you
had an opportunity to maybe talk to them
no they believe they have any connection
any connections to Sergei is crippled
well III don't know they are much
younger than him they look like they
would they are often aged that they
could be his sons I don't know any
details but so they said they came to
Salisbury and they say they just wanted
to have a good time
so what is it like sex drugs and alcohol
this isn't something our intelligence
official intelligence officers would do
do you really think intelligence
officers would do something so
conspicuous have you had been contacted
by our embassies by our some of our
almighty UK officials well I've told you
about the about our correspondence with
the embassy we haven't achieved anything
and in Russia I am working with the
investigations committee and when I have
time I come there I give my statements
you give my testimonies and so after
they find out found out about Bashir
ofin Petrov I came there I told them I
don't know who they are
but as for help I don't need any help
I'm trying to resolve this all these
issues by myself were you able to
finally work out a visa to go to the UK
alright now we are we're waiting for a
foreign passport to be issued for for
the grandmother but once we try to to
issue we will try to apply for a visa to
the UK we know that they are going to
ask questions way where you're going who
are going to visit what they're trying
to do it was we don't know where they
are weatherize by the Yuliya or Sergei
is we know that when Julia made her
recorded statement she was brought to
some different location so we don't know
anything now we'll proceed to the QA
colleagues if you have any questions
please raise your hands and ask your
questions if you have English speakers
speaking representatives of the press
please use an interpreter thank you
where did you receive this statements
about the need for you to apply for
political asylum in the UK now this is
something I received this is something
people on the Instagram are writing to
my sister to me so is it like a threat
let me let me read it out to you so this
all happened after the car accident yes
it was after the accident
yeah but yeah I was trying to convince
the UK intelligence to move Sergei is
entire family to the UK because the
Russian intelligence would perhaps try
to kill some of the members of his
family in Russia I hope that car
accident will show the UK intelligence
that her family may be in danger
and just imagine what would happen to
sir gays mental health if they kill his
mother you can take a photo thank you so
this is the kind of messages we receive
any more questions
we hear that these agents GRU agents
were sent to the UK to poison the door
but for example if I mentioned that I am
an agent like that if I am told to go to
the UK and apply this poison my first
question this would be what if there are
cameras there what if there are cameras
no no there were no cameras outside the
house there's a large pond beside the
house and there are two other houses
near and so to again access to the house
you need to go through a fence so there
are lot of obstacles on the way so there
were reports about that allegedly two
days before the poisoning scribble came
to the police saying that he was being
followed surveyed by someone but this
was not collaborated anywhere there were
no facts another thing about the book
written by mr. he says she interviewed
Sergey scribble to write the book I'm
also writing a book right now actually
I'm helped by the journalists I know
that to write a book you need to sign an
agreement a contract either with the
author with the publishing house where
is this agreement where is the contract
that Sergey scribble allows them to
publish a book like that I didn't see
any contract
don't tell us about the the money
don't tell us about the
a commercial secrets now we just want to
see his signature we'll want to see that
this contract actually exists because
what they may be doing is they just come
they're just compiling the data they see
the information they see in the media
and just bringing it all together
compiling in compiling it into a single
book to sway the opinion of the meat of
the of the masses if I understand you
correctly there were threats about
somebody threatened to poison you
yourself what what do you think about
that do you feel threatened no I do not
feel threatened you know not in any way
I was told this could happen but
personally I don't think this could
happen because if I I was told if I feel
threatened I could apply for for
protection maybe for some someone who
would accompany me protect me but I
don't want that I want to my life I want
my life to stay the same as it was
before Victoria you talked about the
book you're right and could you tell us
about the book is it about the poisoning
about the entire situation well our goal
is not to look at it from the political
standpoint but to write a book about our
family
it's our own personal drama the way this
poisoning affected our family we want to
look at it from a very human point of
view at the moment the book is still
being written we are looking for
sponsors who's writing the book
well there are journalists who who said
said they could help writing this book
so what what is it based on it is based
on documents my own documents on all
information I have on my own memories
what about other other sources maybe
your family friends some relatives or
someone else
of course we we are eager to meet anyone
who could provide some more information
maybe some people don't want to speak
out publicly but they could at least
participate through through this book so
how long until it's published maybe half
a year or maybe more colleagues do you
have any more questions what's your view
on the information published by the
Western media that Sergey asked ripple
was doing something with doing something
in Spain tracking down some corrupt
activities well I don't know anything
about that 2004 before he was put in
jail the person also a possible
perpetrator of what circus creeper was
accused of committed suicide and you
know what times those were the 1990s the
early 2000s
all the information was available
because it was published by the
government itself but please to show me
the agents that were somehow disclosed
or we're exposed by sergey skripnikov
n't heard from any agent like that
neither in Russia nor abroad no I
haven't been contacted by mr. urban I
have been contacted by BBC
correspondence by UK correspondents
making the documentary but I haven't
contacted by the person himself what he
says it is that he's talking to sergey
skripnikov a trying to tell the UK
journalists the UK correspondence to
somehow triangulate the the actual place
current place of residence of circus
cripple us cripple where they are held
or something this is their job it is
what they should do because when she met
her friend Julia was brought to it -
very special to some outside location
and we don't know where she is right now
we don't know where yulia's we don't
know where mister where Sergey is
crippled
they said he was feeling well that said
that he was getting better so maybe he's
not in the hospital anymore then where
is he I think that I don't I know that
Sergey is a very reasonable person I
know that he would come out and express
publicly his own position so you do not
believe the words by mr. Orban about
cripple mrs. cripple for example I know
we know that circus to power returned to
Russia in 1995 but it is written in his
that she was contacted in 1996 so he has
already been in Russia so basically the
person he was allegedly trying to
recruit was already well-known as for
this person this photo was taken from
the personal archives of Sergey scribble
so do you think that Sergey was keeping
this photo of this man in his personal
archive the photo of basically his
overseer basically someone who recruited
him this is clearly nonsense on the 25th
of September 2004 Sergey screwball came
to Russia to attend the funeral of his
father nothing to show that he wanted to
leave Russia his family lived in Russia
he never wanted to leave 2004 couldn't
freely move outside the country as you
as you can do before as you can do right
now do you really think that he would
just leave his family his mother his
father everyone behind knowing the way
his homeland treats traitors
what about the statements about the
position on the unification with Crimea
and things like that when we heard Julia
I think Sergei at least at that point he
certainly was still alive because she
was using his words she knows perfectly
that everything she does he does for the
for the good of the family and whatever
they say they they could say I by myself
wants to get her for her apartment your
car or something like that I know that I
told them it's nonsense I don't want any
of that I want the family to be alright
because for example the the car itself
is everyone known who is it owned by and
so it has now a very strange track
record for example if the car somehow
disappears we don't we can't even go to
the police and write a statement because
it's not our car there's nothing we can
do
it's not our properties at our apartment
it's not our car so the person who owns
that is not right now in Russia he's not
here and no one can basically touch this
property not everyone knows that it is
it's basically tracked it's you can't
just take it out somewhere you know you
cannot move it outside this the town the
city after the reasons my statements
i right from the start I said it's 0.1%
probability that Sergei or julia
survives the poison allegedly used is
combat poison it is very strong very
direct mean survived does it mean that
we are amateurs like that with our
intelligence officials officers us such
amateurs that were they weren't even
able to use this deadly poison effective
so the statement that mr. scruples said
that he wouldn't return to LA to Russia
as long as mr. Putin is in power I
thought it was an agreement basically an
agreement between them he basically put
in pardons them after they leave the
country and doesn't bother them after
that and as long as he is in power
colleagues do you have any more
questions I have one more question
Victoria what are you going to do next
in this situation which is quickly
changing every months every week I try
really really really be trying to
contact Yulia Sergei yes I want Julia to
come out to the public and Sergei - of
course Sergei above all because his
mother is 91 years old she wants to see
him she wants to hear him we are going
to try to apply for the visa
but your mother is an old sick woman she
at this moment because of her because of
her health she she probably wouldn't be
able to do so she's not feeling very
well and I know don't know how long she
will be able to bear that and to bring
her to even bring her to the UK we'll
have to make up some story why she's
coming because they prove they certainly
wouldn't let us in if we want to see if
she wants to see her son Jesus she's a
she's a good woman she's a very very
good woman but she tries to not to
engage in all this politics so if you
don't have any more questions this
concludes the press conference thank you
thank you very much
