the US Treasury has released a
Declassified list of Russia individuals
as part of a sanctions law signed by
Donald Trump in August the so-called
Kremlin list includes the names of 114
politicians and nearly a hundred top
tier business figures that the Treasury
denies those on the list are actually
being sanctioned Arty's Medina coach
Navarre now joining me live with details
on this oh good morning to you Medina
what is this document all about well it
is quite a big list with a lot of names
and includes almost all top Russian
politicians and businessmen including
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev Foreign
Minister Sergey Lavrov and all Russian
ministers now in taunton total there are
114 politicians and 96 businessmen those
businessmen whose fortune is over 1
billion dollars and they've got business
in Europe or in in the United States are
also according to the US Treasury
Department and the inner circle of the
Russian President now US ambassador to
Russia has already cooled for the
Russian side not to react emotionally to
this list as it is quote not a sanctions
list and the inclusion of individuals in
this report does not and in no way
should be interpreted to impose
sanctions on those individuals still
this document is part of a sanctions
bill which was signed by US President
Donald Trump in August last year now
Kremlin spokesperson Mira piss cough
said that the list does not represent
anything in particular but they will
still look into its possible impact on
the Russian companies now some other
Russian politicians have reacted in
quite a sarcastic way to this
publication now some say that the u.s.
intelligence decided to simply include
everyone from the Kremlin's phonebook
others say that's the list reads like
who is who for Russia's political and
business world so it is not a sanctions
list just yet at the moment
it's rather puts a black mark next to
these names
it is not a sanctions list and the
inclusion of individuals or entities in
this report does not and in no way
should be interpreted to impose
sanctions on those individuals or
entities well again as I sat it is not a
sanctions list but it is rather a
blacklist of some sort all right our T's
Medina cogentiva
thank you now the Kremlin list was drawn
up as a part of a new sanctions law as
Medina was saying or this signed by
Trump in the summer of last year however
the US president now says he does not
intend to apply any new sanctions
against Russia this has certainly
angered many Democrats Congress voted
almost unanimously for the package of
restrictions last year this legislation
and its implementation are deterring
Russian defense sales really did come
into power with a burning desire for
some reason to help Russia out by easing
up on the sanctions against them
sanctions on specific entities or
individuals will not need to be imposed
presidents talked about Russia is so
consistently mild all right joining me
live now Andrew Leung who's a political
commentator to give us a some insight on
this latest list thanks for coming on
the program today so 200 Russian
politicians are business figures to the
so-called Kremlin list why do you think
these names were included in this
so-called potential sanctions document
well there are two dimensions to look at
it one is that it is a preparation of a
target list at a time you were saying
that the law was signed which was August
last year and of course sanctions were
have always been contemplated out in
fact implemented on Russia following the
annexation of Crimea so this is nothing
new but on the other hand the extent of
this list and specific individuals of
almost all the Greek and a good of
Russia the political hierarchy suggests
that you know Sofia the United States is
take
this on a higher level so that's the
first point it's a preparatory black
list as it were and which is very very
unsettling
the second dimension we're just in the
light of what's recently happening
don't forget the United States has
recently released a national security
strategy paper and Donald Trump actually
chose to announce it himself
this new strategy targets Russia as well
as China specifically as America's enemy
number one and one one or one or two
specifically mentioning these two
countries in a sense that they perceive
they perceive that these countries are
challenging the America dominated World
Order and it's using all sorts of means
whether it is economic military
financial or coercive or semi coercion
coercive power to erode American
leadership so you look at this release
of this national security paper and also
what Donald Trump said in you know some
various context much more importantly
you look at what the leading American
think tanks it is a almost a bipartisan
kind of consensus that American
leadership is facing is a an inflection
point a challenge we just never been
emerging before from a rising China as
well as I'm so sorry for interrupting
you I I do apologize sincerely but I've
got such little time here I wanted to
ask you on top of this though because
what do you make now of the act of the
presidential spokesperson actually
dismissing the list now as meaningless
well of course the some in a sense that
the America doesn't want to immediately
you know sort of go to war with Russia
and of course I didn't want to cause any
more immediate confrontation but the
fact remains that there was such a list
and also the list is not scrapped it's
there
that means it's part of the preparation
of wrapping revering up of of sanctions
so it's almost at the publication of
this list as always sons as a warning
short on Russia and as I said looking at
in a broader picture it is a complete
revamp a complete kind of upgrading of
America's foreign strategy and also
national security this strategy
targeting specifically Russia and China
mr. long just one more question before I
must let you go a lot of headlines right
now about the so-called top secret FISA
memo that might be published in
Washington Republicans are saying if
this is published it could ultimately
destroy the whole Trump Russia collusion
story is it possible if this feasor memo
is published and it does start to
destroy the Trump Russia collusion story
is that potentially why we're now seeing
the Trump administration backpedaling
from no new sanctions against Russia
well I don't think so on the contrary
you trauma administration which is under
a lot of pressure the appointment of
special and investigator and so and so
forth the the moment Trump shows some
kind of a weakness at what's Russia
there's only ask two more pressure or
more suggestion that there is some kind
of collusion and that's why the
publication of this paper serves in some
way to say hey you know we're not
calling on Russia that there is such a
list I passed this law so this in a way
acts as a kind of ampere on any
perception of off of his collusion with
Russia it's very interesting indeed and
ruling a political commentator joining
us here own RT International thank you
very much thank you
