it turns out you don't necessarily have
to be a spy to uncover secret military
facilities around the world one
Australian student was able to do just
that by looking at a global map that
shows where people exercise the most
Lipa tranqer explains how fitness
trackers and iRacing major security
concerns for military forces did you
know now anyone who's got an internet
browser can locate even the most secret
army bases around the world say
journalists thanks to these little
things so how come people are saying
fitness trackers could have become the
soldiers worst enemy look at this global
heat map by a GPS tracking company
wherever it gets bright are the areas of
the stralla apps most active use some
places seem totally black like
Afghanistan for instance but we know
there are American soldiers in parts of
it zoom in tada the little bright dots
is where Uncle Sam must hang out or to
be more precise exercise it was a 20
year old student who first noticed how
easy it was to find the US bases this
particular track looks like it logs a
regular jogging route I shouldn't be
able to establish any pattern of life
info from this far away so that's a real
threat which the Pentagon's admitted
while only a few years ago they were
happy to distribute thousands of
fitbit's among staff by the way there
must be a number of temporary or even
permanent US bases that we don't know
about journalists have zoomed in on
areas around Mosul in Iraq and Raqqa in
Syria
we're told Uncle Sam is there to train
and assist since the rest of Iraq and
Syria are pretty much all black perhaps
locals don't really have many of these
devices so it's fair to assume that the
bright spots are where Americans train
others and train themselves another
journalist remembered this article and
scrawled all the way to the capital of
Somalia some heavy jogging activity on
the beach around what looks like the
reported CIA and the
said Mogadishu Airport no one can say
for sure all of this is correct but the
concern is out there US troop security
issues aside I was gonna show you the
Koreas how's that for a contrast but
even in Pyongyang there are a couple of
bright zigzags could it be
Mr Kim enjoying a bit of Western
technology well I bet he'll never tell
us
