Israel and Poland have agreed to hold
talk so that a controversial new law
being proposed that would make it
illegal to suggest Polish people brought
any responsibility for Nazi crimes
during the Holocaust
last night I express my strong
opposition to the law passed in the
Polish Parliament last Friday and I'm
sure that all ministers would agree
regarding the Holocaust that befell our
people on polish soil the law is due to
go through two more stages before it's
finally adopted I expressed our clear
position that it must be changed we will
not accept any attempt whatsoever to
rewrite history Israel's foreign
ministry has already summoned a Polish
envoy to express the country's anger at
the bill the proposed law was Wilfred
would forbid linking the Polish nation
to Nazi crimes
moreover anyone using phrases such as
polish death camps that could face up to
three years in jail more than three
million Jews lived in Poland before the
Second World War most of them were
killed during the conflict the
concentration camp Auschwitz Birkenau
which was but was built in Poland during
the Nazi occupation has become one of
the defining symbols of the Holocaust it
was there alone that around 1 million
Jews were killed we can now discuss this
issue with the chief rabbi of Moscow
Pincus goldsmith rabbi Goldschmidt thank
you for joining us on the program now
regarding the proposed polish law why is
there such an outcry given that the
Nazis were responsible for the crimes
not occupied Poland in Israel nobody is
arguing that the death camps were were
created by the Germans or run by the
Nazis nobody argues that what they argue
about is saying that Poland is saying
none of the Polish people had any
responsibility or collaborated with the
Germans with the Nazis during the war
here the Israelis and Jews and special
survivors have a problem because we know
of many stories of survivors from the
warsaw ghetto leaving together going
into the woods and being killed by
Polish partisans and also yes
sooo many Polish people saved children
save the neighbors others denounced the
neighbors others took took the money of
the neighbors and then denounced them to
the German so there was collaboration
and there were always also beautiful
stories of saving other people's lives I
would suggest to the Polish people to
just establish a commission of truth of
eminent historians to check the history
of Poland during these dark hours of
world war ii during the holocaust it's
arguable that the poles could have done
more but it's not as if they were
willing accomplices of the nazis and
they had to survive themselves didn't
they I don't think that this is the
argument here that they could have done
more could have done less the argument
is that there are like in other occupied
countries like in Holland and France and
France the police the local police
worked together with the Germans to
deport the Jews in Holland also there
was local collaboration in Poland Jews
were killed in the villages of where
they live and they were also posed to
took part in it so it's not a
black-and-white story let's learn your
story and let's once come up with the
truth
passing laws to say you know they'll
have to talk about this it's not going
to change the truth regarding
Netanyahu's remarks about rewriting
history don't you think that's going a
little bit too far no one here is
denying the facts at the Holocaust
yes I don't think that Netanyahu meant
that the pole the Polish people are
trying to rewrite history I think what
he tried to say is that that this
history has a past and it has to be like
Switzerland years ago when the scandal
of the Swiss bank accounts of of
Holocaust victims came came in front so
the first created the Commission of
historians to check their their part in
this history of the Holocaust and I
think polar can do the same do you think
that the two sides will be able to
resolve this issue and if so how
I think that once specialists and
historians who know the history who know
the history they also for example I'll
give you one other example in right
after the liberation of Poland in the
city of yet verb knee and Jews came back
from the concentration camp there was a
program and the Polish people killed the
Jews who came back from the COTS Persian
camp and this after Germany disappeared
this after the victory against Germany
so there is a history there and I would
like also to say that the Germans
decided to put the death camps in Poland
and not in France and nothing not in
Holland and not even in Germany for
maybe a good reason don't you think it's
understandable why Polish legislators
want people want people to and people
want to pass this law I think that the
people in Poland getting very upset by
when people say polish death camps I
understand them I agree with them these
were not polish death camps
these are death camps in Poland chief
rabbi of Moscow Pinkus Goldschmidt thank
you for your time
