we do start the program in Afghanistan
where local media are reporting intense
gunfire and several explosions coming
from a military academy in the capital
let's get the very latest now and go
straight to a local journalist of Bilal
Sawadee who's standing by for us at this
moment could monix you Bilal what do we
know so far
Rory here's what I've been told by the
spokesman for the Ministry of Defence
Journal Dalit Waziri at least two
members of the Afghan military or killed
at least 10 members of the Afghan
military are wounded at least three
attackers are dead at least one attacker
was detained and at least another
attacker missing now eyewitnesses in the
area are saying that the attackers
targeted the marshal Fahim National
Defense University and that the attack
started after five o'clock this morning
in dark they're also saying that one of
the attackers used the ladder which he
put to climb onto the wall and then he
placed a blanket or some sort of a cloth
on the barbed wire this is a huge
security breach especially since Kabul
was a place on high state of security
alert yesterday today was a public
holiday the government had said that it
wanted to have everyone at home so that
they can look after those wounded in the
terrorist attack in the heart of Kabul
which killed at least 103 people and
wounded 236 people but in the city one
can see the pictures of Indonesian
president so you know the Afghan
government knew that it's military
installations in government buildings
war under a very high threat of an
attack and only yesterday you had
Afghanistan's cabinet ministers security
cabinet ministers defending their
records saying that their resignation
called by some angry residents of Kabul
will not solve the situation and what
the people our Kabul or demanding is
better security better
protection of this city you're also
looking at a situation in Afghanistan
both in year 2017 in 2018 where you have
casualties and fatalities in big numbers
that you would have had fears are going
a place like Helmand Kandahar or
elsewhere in the country so cities are
becoming a very deadly front and the
Afghan government is under pressure from
the Afghan public from the people of
Kabul to do more and to prevent these
attacks from taking place
all right local journalists are ballots
are watery life they were the latest
from Kabul thank you but as Bilal was
saying the country has been suffering
from a spike of terror lately with three
major incidents in the past week
yeah we're just getting reports now here
on RT International that ISIL has taken
responsibility for the latest attack in
Kabul now Donald Trump has condemned the
reason to attack oh saying that America
is committed to a secure Afghanistan and
that the Taliban's cruelty will not
prevail however the US commitment to
peace in Afghanistan has not stopped it
from increasing the amount of bombs it's
dropping during the last year the u.s.
dropped over 4300 munitions on
Afghanistan the bombing has intensified
since Trump announced his new strategy
for Afghanistan back in August with
twice as many bombs dropped between then
and the end of last year as during if
the two previous years combined we
discussed the issue with a sultan mahmud
Holly a former Pakistani Air Force
captain he says that the u.s.
administration's approach towards
Afghanistan simply put it's just not
working I'm afraid that President Trump
has no realization of the intensity of
the situation in Afghanistan he has not
been able to read the picture clearly
nor has he been able to get a reality
check of what is the real problem in
Afghanistan and by announcing or even
you know carrying out attacks like last
year if you recall he had dropped the
mother of all bombs all he did was that
he created more collateral damage and he
created more enemies I don't think they
can physically through their bombs
through their threats overcome this
situation which the Allied forces when
they were at the peak they failed to do
so so they cannot do so now and more
threats are only growing to create more
mayhem but it is not going to bring
peace input into the region so President
Trump I'm afraid we'll have to revise
his new strategy because it is a faulty
