as Ankara rolled its tanks into Syria
clashes broke out between police and
protesters at an anti-war rally in the
German city of Cologne thousands of
people showed up at that demonstration
demanding anchors withdraw from Syria's
afteron region where turkeys carrying
out what it calls an anti-terrorism
operation at some point police stopped
the gathering and tube and Kurdish
militia flags appeared similar
demonstration was also held in London
protests come as seven civilians were
reportedly killed in a recent Turkish
airstrike he related features we've
received from the ground they show the
aftermath of that attack and it's feared
that the airstrikes may have claimed
even more lives that people believed to
be trapped under rubble witnesses claim
the Turkish aerial bombardments had
targeted residential areas there are no
military zones here all of them are
civilian areas the civilians were asleep
there was nothing they bombed us even
though there are no soldiers here we're
all civilians the shell fell about 25
meters away
shrapnel ended up in my hand I wanted to
know why there was shelling civilians
turkey says that it's conducting an
anti-terror operation against Kurdish
militia in Afrin the offensive is
supported by several anti Syrian
government groups the areas they hold a
marked on our map in green the Turkish
military claims that almost 400 Kurdish
and ISIL fighters have been killed since
the start of their operation the UN
those raising concern claiming 5000
people have fled the area since the
conflict started nevertheless the
Turkish leader has repeatedly found to
expand the operation and most recently
claimed that it would be extended all
the way to the Iraqi border Union gu-
we are going to continue the olive
trench operation until we achieve our
goals and then as promised we will
Clermont Beach of terrorists after that
we will continue our struggle up to the
Iraqi border until no terrorists are
left
president dad ran says that Turkey will
push onwards to the city of ma'am Beach
and then further to the east towards the
Iraqi border the move would not only
mean an all-out offensive against the
Syrian Kurds but could also threaten US
personnel who were stationed in the area
Turkish Foreign Minister serves the u.s.
to immediately withdraw from manbij well
American troops have been assisting the
local Kurds in their anti-isil operation
with a Pentagon official recently
announcing the creation of a 30,000
strong border security force in the
region now this was to be comprised
largely of Kurds something that
infuriated Ankara and it prompted it to
launch that attack on Kurdish positions
in Syria US Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson later backtracked though on
the idea he said that officials had
misspoken and the plans had actually
been misrepresented and he wore activist
Richard Becker believes that
Washington's behavior can be explained
by the fact that it's now caught between
two allies we have what appears to be a
somewhat intractable contradiction
between the US interests in Syria and
the US interests in NATO and so this is
something that they're trying to find a
way out of but it's very difficult given
the fact that it was the United States
along with Turkey Saudi Arabia France
Britain which caused the destabilization
of Syria and led to the present
circumstances and the United States on
the other hand is tied in with the YPG
forces inside Syria who been the main
fighting forces that the US has been
allied with in the battle against Isis
but more than that to maintain a US
presence inside Syria which the US
military has been declaring is therefore
indefinitely
