hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report throw your hands up in the air
honey badger don't care yeah it's all
about the North American Bitcoin
conference here in Miami Florida with
Stacey Hubbard yes max honey badger
don't care about basically the shrieking
and the resistance honey badger markets
keep on going up and up and up honey
badger in the tech sector is like
booming tech sector even though all of
Silicon Valley is like Donald Trump is
horrible and we have Hitler ruling the
country now well here's a tweet from Tim
Cook about Tim Cook the CEO of Apple Tim
Cook tells creamer Jim Cramer of CNBC
Apple's massive investment plan was made
largely possible by the new GOP tax law
so you know Apple announced as we
covered that they're going to be
investing billions of dollars in the
u.s. for a new headquarters just like
Amazon and they're also gonna hire like
tens of thousands of people on huge
salaries yeah well Donald Trump is
making America great again
and he's doing the job that Obama failed
to do because Obama is what America sees
itself as in their dreams
Donald Trump is America as it actually
is you know Obama was a fantasy Trump is
reality and he's doing what you'd expect
a seasoned businessman to do cut all the
nonsense out of the mix bring jobs back
and I've been saying this since the
election since before the election I
have been saying this since before the
election and I'm not ashamed to say it
when you say bringing jobs back you
don't mean Steve Jobs okay no not in
corporate not in physical form but his
spirit lives at the Apple campus so the
other campus new headquarters being
developed of course is for Amazon we've
covered that they had like 238 cities
across the United States and some in
Canada as well pitching for the second
headquarters that they promised to
invest five billion dollars
and create 20,000 jobs well that 238
states it's been now their cities it's
been now narrowed down to 20 cities
including here in Miami
Amazon unveils 20 city finalists for HQ
to expects to create 50,000 jobs in
winning City so Miami is one of them Los
Angeles Atlanta Austin Boston Columbus
Dallas Raleigh North Carolina yeah well
it's all happening these are huge
corporations they've got the huge jobs
at the underlying infrastructure between
the oligarchs and the central banks and
but bitcoin is doing great -
cryptocurrency is doing great -
eventually one of these big behemoths in
the platform space like an Amazon will
have to succumb to Bitcoin and a lot of
millions of people with crypto will
instantly become another huge round of
mega millionaires and that's where the
power is being distributed to the masses
you know one of the the requirements for
these cities that he's going to choose
you know Jeff Bezos of Amazon is gonna
choose one city where they'll put these
HQ - it is to have an International
Airport so you obviously see overhead
that we have a lot of planes flying over
this is a very international City on the
list of course is Washington DC and I
reckon this this whole it's kind of like
a game show we have a game show
president a reality TV show president
this is just all an act I think you know
Jeff Bezos bought a massive house like
2030 million dollar house in Washington
DC in the past year I think we know
where each q2 is gonna be I think he's
planning on spending a lot of time in
Washington DC because he now owns the
Washington Post he wants to be like that
Cade Graham or whoever the woman who
owned the Washington Post is she used to
hold these salons and have all
Republican and Democrat senators and and
legislators all at her house and have
these private salons and control the
narrative right well you know it's free
market competition
basically which is what you want you
want competition that's the greatest
thing you could ever achieve in an
economy is free market competition and
let a meritocratic cream rise to the top
centrally planned governments do not
work we've seen that time and time again
and you know basically the animal
spirits have been unleashed by Trump
Paul Krugman it was number one on
Trump's list of fake news sources over
there at the air Times deserves that
award
he is prognostications about Trump dead
wrong again the guy doesn't understand
technology doesn't understand politics
doesn't even understand economics and
he's not it's right for him to be number
one in the list of fake news outlets the
New York Times Paul Krugman Thank You
Donald Trump excellent call well you
know we are at the Bitcoin conference
and one of the biggest naysayers about
Bitcoin has been Paul Krugman but you
know for many in our audience we're not
even born during the first dot-com boom
so he Paul Krugman famously did say that
the internet was a fad it will never be
huge that the fax will be a bigger
industry than the internet so you know
the same guy is still like people still
you know quote him with a straight face
as if his prognosis on what will happen
with Bitcoin is something to even listen
to right Paul Krugman it was like I
would equate him to the positive
bacteria in your stomach you know
there's you need some of the negative
bacteria or he needs some parasites in
the economy to take care of some of the
other parasites he's a parasite but he's
not worthless
he has worth as a parasite so Paul
Krugman continued being parasitic all
your worth it's not worth a Nobel Prize
but you do have some value I also want
to say because we were just talking
about the Washington Post one thing I do
when I note is that while we're here at
the Bitcoin Miami conference there are
so many Mexicans here are there they've
flown up from Mexico and they keep
approaching us and saying you've changed
my life you know you're huge in Mexico
and there's another coinciding story
going on with the Washington Post where
they're saying that this show Kaiser
report it is basically throwing the
election that is coming up on July 1st
in Mexico simply because we interview if
you look at our 1001
hundred and 80 something guests that
we've had on our show they're all
heterodox you know economists opinion
makers analysis like we you can go you
can get Paul Krugman he's Orthodox like
people like that's the mainstream media
that's their opinion that's what the
neoliberal economists think that's what
you can get on The Washington Post of
New York Times CNBC you could get that
opinion there we cover heterodox
opinions we've talked to this guy John
Mayall Ackerman who is a heterodox
thinker he doesn't think he thinks
outside the mainstream the mainstream is
of course neoliberal economics and NAFTA
and all that stuff is great and
everything's great for the Mexican
worker and he said a different opinion
but just speaking to a different opinion
who I don't even know who all the
candidates are in Mexico how am I even
like it like have any say on what's
happening there yeah there is a lot of
news stories in Mexico right now
claiming that Max Keiser and the Kaiser
report is interfering with the Mexican
election and I can prove that propaganda
and false very very simply not a single
Mexican journalist has tried to contact
me for a comment
I was recently in Mexico City for the
express purpose of talking to
journalists about this allegation none
contacted me so this is pure propaganda
which uses symbols and they use catch
phrases and they Putin in Russia is a
hot meme right now to smear anyone who's
trying to do an honest living and
therefore they whip that out and the
masses will go in that direction as long
as they're misinformed uneducated trolls
and dolts as you find out there all over
the world but I can prove as propaganda
as I just did brilliantly thank you very
much well a final wrap up on that Amazon
story the second headquarters the
article here asks like what does the
winner get one of these cities that wins
if it's not Washington DC
well according to Amazon hq2 will be a
complete headquarters for Amazon not
just a satellite office the company
plans to invest over five billion
dollars and grow the second headquarters
to accommodate as many as 50,000 high
paying jobs they do note that while
according to Amazon
their investments just in the past five
years or in a few years in Seattle and
in the West Coast they have basically
grown the economy by thirty eight
billion dollars there because of these
high-paying jobs
look the trade-off has always been
workers versus the market Wall Street
versus Main Street Wall Street's been
winning now for ten twelve thirteen
years it's about time for Main Street to
start winning again make America great
again that does mean however that
inflation and wage inflation will creep
back into the economy which means that
the bond market the sovereign bond
market is probably gonna crash sometime
in the next six to twelve months and
that will be having a profound impact on
the economy in markets so look for that
but that's the trade-off I mean may it's
time for Main Street to participate now
that means that the market and Wall
Street's gonna have to hit okay and
here's another story that I wanted to
cover is not really related to the
Amazon and Apple story but it's it is
kind of related to Bitcoin and the
cryptocurrency markets because in
Australia they're really cracking down
on you know cryptocurrency and Bitcoin
and they don't want people to have their
own sovereignty so this is an
interesting headline this is kind of
like the genesis of what has how Bitcoin
was birth is having your own sovereignty
SMSFs Drive household debt to one of the
highest in the world according to UBS
the closely tracked Australian household
debt to income ratio has now reached the
200 percent level and analysts at UBS
said they were increasingly concerned
about rising pressure among borrowers
the increase was due to the Australian
Bureau statistics revision to include
self-managed superannuation debt yeah
well this is setting up Australia and
other economies around the world for the
next leg of the massive global financial
crisis that never went away that hit in
2008 because there was never any reform
there was simply a bailout of the
creditors and they were given more debt
and more credit to expand the bubble to
new epic proportions the difference with
this crash coming soon now in the
banking sector and in the sovereign debt
market will be that instead of
governments printing
money to bail out these institutions
they will engage in what are called
bail-ins that is a direct confiscation
of money we've already seen a test case
with Wells Fargo back here in the United
States they test case this process by
stealing money out of millions of
accounts Wells Fargo
they stole money like this like a common
thief because of course they're
terrorists and have a comment about that
Wells Fargo but you know you've seen
what applauding 210 can do to a man and
they were just going down the road to
steal people's money and oh did I speak
out of turn so wrapping up on this story
because we only have 30 seconds left I'm
gonna say this how high household debt
200% of GDP will constrain further
borrowing in the future we've talked
about this in the past what are they
gonna do with the next financial crisis
aren't they can have this you know STR
is the IMF gonna come in and roll
everything up is it gonna be gold it
could be cryptocurrency and all right
look I don't I didn't mean a threat to
anybody okay that's just metaphor I'm a
poet that's why I'm popular in the rap
community now stay there for the second
half because it got a fantastic
interview coming away don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to a special
guest investor and CEO of and founder of
Oh group Maya village Maya welcome good
to be here previously you were the chief
innovation officer at GE digital so
you've got experience in let's call it
the fortune 500 you know the big most
highly capitalized companies in America
and you bring to them your work in
artificial intelligence and you are now
deeply immersed in blockchain is that
correct that is correct
how does blockchain factor in to what
you're doing now we're investor in
blotching companies and AI companies and
cybersecurity companies were absolutely
fascinated with the empowerment that
watching could bring to power because it
decentralizes a lot of the business
models that exist today and allows you
to have a bank on your phone versus a
bank account right so decentralization
in this instance though is also
disintermediation that means that a lot
of the layers of a big art enterprise
are squashed these decisions are made
more rapidly and more effectively I
would imagine absolutely you're
absolutely correct a lot of business
models that you just pointed out are
going to be disrupted very fast because
suddenly people can trade between
themselves without ever needing your
middlemen here's a question for you big
corporations or any corporation
typically they make money out of solving
inefficiencies you know for example the
car from Henry Ford was efficiently
produced and people could get around a
lot faster and the economy grew as a
result but are we at a stage in
capitalism where the efficiencies on
these big companies is so great that the
margins for profit are squeezed down to
zero for example if you're in a
microtransaction business and you are
looking at profits that are even smaller
than a grocery store and grocery stores
are only 2 percent profit margins or
gross profit margins but you're talking
about even less than 2 percent how does
that
translate into earnings growth and how
does that then become we've hit peak
earnings I'll just go in a phrase right
now due to the hyper efficiency of
blockchain now just hyper efficiency
blockchain hasn't reached the
scalability let's be clear okay it
hasn't and I actually I'm challenging a
lot of folks out there to say that
blockchain is scalable it depends where
you're at depends what kind of legacy
system you have depends what you're
trying to do depends what your customers
are trying to do so at the moment some
of the platforms out there that are
achieving some scalability will need to
be integrated into legacy systems and
you are right a lot of the big companies
are squeezed out and a lot of the
companies are gonna be squeezed out not
only on a profit side but on the
transparency side not just blockchain
but many other technologies emerging
tech machine learning satellite data
cybersecurity arv our robotics
blockchain are all forcing transparency
onto any platform that exists out there
so if you don't start innovating
yourself very fast you're probably going
to lose out you say it has to be
integrated into legacy systems why in
other words these are new systems
they're replacing existing systems like
p2p music file sharing on the web it
didn't have to integrate with its long
playing records or cassette tapes it
obliterated that model I love that
analogy that's an amazing analogy and I
think that you're absolutely right some
industries are not going to need that
integration into legacy systems because
they will just need to leapfrog as you
just pointed out in music why do we need
to go back and integrate in certain
things unfortunately some industries in
the world are not run that way and they
are run in the way that current systems
work so why change them also have to
remember that a lot of these companies
run by quarterly numbers and they report
to Wall Street and so space for
innovation is very tight and so in order
to mobilize your whole team to innovate
in something new and see if it's worth
investing your time right because
remember so many innovations are coming
at companies and how do you choose as a
leader of a large company is very
difficult for you to change okay the
katakana straight it's digital
that is obviously a candidate for
blockchain innovation yeah you're saying
okay some industries let's call it the
cement industry where they're mixing
rocks and pebbles or water
and it's hard to imagine how blockchain
is going to transform the concrete
business you got to move it in a mixer
you got to pour it onto the road and you
got to make a road basically so is it
gonna bifurcate the industry there'll be
some industries that are legacy but not
legacy like they're ever gonna catch up
with block saying they're they're dead
they're kind of like they're dinosaurs
and we're moving into people are gonna
instead of thinking oh concrete needs to
be blockchain they're gonna be thinking
like why don't I just use my mind to use
a blockchain to communicate with
somebody in Africa using thoughts as
tokens they don't need to go there at
all I'm just like flying in outer space
I'm George Jetson um you know you work
with artificial intelligence I mean
honey it's just some tokenized robotic
work or you know my thoughts are
monetized I'm thinking I want a hot
fudge sundae in the in the Kalahari and
I'm there with some woman who's so I
think I think you're right this
industry's would need to be separated in
two ways there's some basic core of an
industry that won't change but if you
look at the example of a cement industry
absolutely the payment system and the
supply chain will be probably nudged by
a blockchain how does this if I want my
consciousness expanded to the point
where I don't care about Jeff Bezos yeah
like if what's can happen are you gonna
essentially hypnotize me into thinking
that I don't care anymore
are you the devil Orpheus the guy from
from from freak mythology no not for the
matrix Wade the matrix man not the red
pill with the blue pill you're the guy
have to snake I know the snake is fake
but I'm meeting it anyway you try
Orpheus oh it's the way to go here the
background is amazing in terms of your
ability to synthesize all this
information and come up with your own
theories but it just seems like if I
look at the world today and I see what
humans are doing to the place that they
live their ecosystem you know I remember
eyes
as far as a kid and if you know the
answer factually they foul their own
environment and they die off unless
exactly
so we seems like humans are doing their
best to make the earth in inhospitable
for themselves inhabitable not isn't
that kind of happening and AI ready to
abandon humans I think again those are
some of the really far off questions
right because we don't know that yet I I
do think that there are a number of
people out there who are trying to use
technology for its good I mean look at
the centralization and blockchain right
there's a whole spectrum of blockchain
right now that's being developed for
social good for financial inclusion for
bringing more people out there onto the
economic platform so I do think that
people come with good intentions but I I
do see absolutely exponential growth of
Technology and our inability to keep up
with that exponential growth so unless
we have a conscious design into our
system no technology will solve our
problems we'll still have to have a will
power and we still haven't have a
conscious decision to solve a problem
right that makes sense
yeah but the rate of evolution if you
will you know selection of the fittest
and the mutations that are involved and
it's like in the technology space is
going a lot more rapid pace like they're
out evolving us you know we're pretty
slow the whole procreation for humans is
relatively clunky compared to algorithms
you know the mating with each other and
giving birth to new algorithms and new
machines you know and so it seems like
they're racing ahead kind of at a
breakneck speed what are we as humans
had to fight back I'm in the camp at AI
is gonna win this thing it's gonna
happen a lot sooner than anyone's
expecting how do we fight back my give
me the highway fight back do I need to
get on a harem and start a max kind of
civilization what do we need to do how
do I fight back a fight about us I think
you need to go to blockchain boot camp
yeah
learn how to block Tina works and start
fighting back some rudimentary knowledge
about this one what exactly would that
mean I I live with Jameson lopping in
North Carolina part with guns and
therefore the apocalypse and start
cutting down my neighbors yeah I thought
again I think you are taking a too
extreme we're not there yet and I
haven't really thought about you know
next 50 years you're looking at me with
these brown eyes you're like don't worry
we're not there yet but you know and I
know that were there we're on the
threshold of the extinction event for
humans and the machines essentially are
taking over so I think we every single
one of us as I said carries a conscious
decision to influence the technology and
ones that were really being influenced
by the technology already our conscious
Minds we're outsourcing our information
to Google no one bothers to memorize
anything anymore no one bothers to think
anymore I can't remember a scary trip
and in the case of our needs and our
wants and our desires and our
titillations it's all at a button
there's no effort anymore there's no the
physicality of humans is becoming a blob
state we have no reason even to get up
in the morning anymore the machines have
taken over where am I going oh I think I
think one of the things that I would
point out is depends on the place in the
world you're in there are a lot of
places in the world that actually need
to get up and need to do the work I
think we belong in a bucket of call us
lucky some would say lucky some call
unlucky right and other places in the
world they're still very far off from
you what you and I are talking about so
I think world is becoming very separated
so geographically that's okay so talk
about that for a second in areas of the
world that have been separated by
physical distance that's really it just
to get water would require a trip to the
well to the river took hours mm-hmm and
you're saying that this I in a bold
world means that the same compression of
time that we enjoy in the advanced
economies kind of is coming to economies
that have been not participating absent
in a way especially with a telephony
being in place so it's that accurate and
what does that mean for these for these
areas of the world exactly I think it's
absolutely accurate the world is
becoming quite
the folks say that world is becoming
more interconnected it is become more
interconnected and it's easy for us to
disseminate information and through
blockchain possibly even trade value
right in a fast way but you're
absolutely correct some of these places
in the world it's gonna take much longer
to catch up with that now I could argue
back this is a happy ending I'm gonna
step all over the answer this is a happy
ending so in other words the
consciousness it's a word you've brought
up a few times that exists in places
that are cut off it's now able to be
shared because of the tokenization
that's something so folks that are being
from extraordinarily rich cultures who
have DNA that goes back with through
time and they've been associated with
some of the greatest artifacts and
cultural and and an art that is now
being joined up through the platform so
my consciousness is being raised by
being connected tokenization to somebody
else somewhere else right that's a
that's that's that's Lucy mm-hmm so you
see like a tapestry I consciousness
power meant I see absolutely empowerment
of you here and a person somewhere in
Africa that can trade something of value
without a middle person and that thing
of value could be a thought it could be
thought of tokenized yeah and then we're
going back and forth on a micro
transaction that's right right and so
we're creating we're procreating in
digital space and we're giving birth to
digital offspring through the exchange
of like you could call digital semen
online yes if you wanted to if you want
to chat if you wanted to say that but
I'm using a metaphor of course yes
you're but I hope so so you don't you
know you don't challenge my metaphor you
do mm-hmm you might no comment no Robin
so you're an investor and and the
founder of a group which could mean a
number of different thing what it stands
for Orpheus o stands for Orpheus yes
what a man where he can Roman mythology
sir Orpheus was a
a God a significant figure that could
charm people and sway people there his
way through music and they found a music
right yes I feel totally charmed I don't
know what this company does ma'am I'm
gonna follow this woman whatever she's
doing I'm following her and that's it
he's the future
well we got to go thanks for being on
thank you so much it was good to hear
all right well that's gonna do it for
this edition of the Kaiser report was me
an ax Kaiser and Stacy Herbert thanks to
our very special guest Maya boo you know
bitch if you wanna catch us on Twitter
it's Kaiser report until next time bye
y'all
