a pro dependents campaign is a blocking
major motorways and railway lines across
the rest of Spanish region of Catalonia
today we're going on for a long time
this but crucially today it's a year to
the day since there was that
independence referendum there hundreds
of thousands voted to secede from Spain
while Madrid branded the whole thing
illegal not much has changed here's
what's happening in the regional capital
Barcelona at the moment these pictures
through just very recently as check it
out
but north of capital in the city Girona
hundreds have been clashing with police
as they stormed a train station to
barricade the tracks that's what you see
now
Barcelona's also brace for unrest with
some roads have already been blocked to
Medina coach never next looks at the
region's bid to be free of Spanish rule
a year after Catalan has failed attempt
to break away from Spain
the situation in the region remains
deadlocked back then Madrid called the
referendum on independence illegal and
refused to acknowledge it as a result a
police crackdown on demonstrators left
hundreds of people injured on the
anniversary there are similar violent
scenes on the streets of Catalonia as
capital
we do know that just two blocks away
from here there was another appalling
station police raided that building and
forcibly removed people out of there
hundreds of people injured as police
attacked peaceful voters and Abby to
seize on the biggest constitutional
crisis in the country for decades in
October 2017 Madrid took control of
Catalan government and put eight of the
deposed members in jail and the oust
Catalan leader fled the country to
Belgium with an international arrest
warrant on his hat
the Spanish government dissolved the
Catalan Parliament took control of local
police forces and called for snapple
actions this measure we're going to
implement has a lot to do with the goal
of holding an election in Catalonia the
region will have to hold an election
within six months but my intention is to
hold it as soon as we recover but that
didn't bring the relief Madrid had hoped
for and stats Catalan pro-independence
parties held their absolute majority in
the vote and put in power hardline
separatist leader bringing an end to
seven months of direct rule from a treat
in June this year
Spain welcomed its own new prime
minister who adopted a softer tone
towards Catalonia and offered a fresh
start to negotiations on its status
the Catalan leader wasn't so flexible
and insisted only on holding a legally
binding referendum on independence the
issue of independence remains divisive
in the region with polls suggesting
Catlins are almost evenly split on
whether to stay part of Spain in this in
the truth is that many people feel
disappointed because they thought
everything was heading towards the final
goal of Independence yet despite some
people feeling tired
many of us are determined to continue
forward we will continue to fight for
independence despite all the many
difficulties we'll do it day by day
I am very much against it
is not the time for Catalonia to become
independent for me
it would be better to leave things as
they are we live in Spain and we are
Spanish many now fear that failure to
find common ground in Catalonia would
likely spill into another political
crisis triggering another snap election
sometime in early 2019 Catalan
independence is a saga that could yet
have another anniversary next October
first Spain based journalist Marty
Roberts police Madrid is unlikely to
prove an independence referendum anytime
soon anyway Petrov Sanchez the new prime
minister in Spain who replaced his
predecessor Mariano Rajoy
in June has adopted a more conciliatory
tone by arranging for Catalan prisoners
who were jailed after last year's failed
independence bid he's agreed for extra
aid to be given to Catalunya things like
this he's held direct talks however he
said that a referendum is not possible
because that would require a
constitutional amendment which in turn
would require a two-thirds majority in
parliament and even then you would have
to dissolve Parliament and call fresh
elections Pedro Sanchez is not going to
want to do that
because he only has a quarter of the
seats in parliament he's governing in a
very small minority so the chance is
there of a legal referendum a
particularly slim
you
