a German judge has caused outrage at a
trial in Bavaria for removing a crucifix
from his courtroom at the request of an
asylum seeker the Afghan man is
suspected of threatening to kill a
fellow countryman for converting to
Christianity Peter Oliver has more
details this judge in the Bavarian Alps
has found himself in the eye of a storm
that's after he ordered that a crucifix
be removed from his courtroom during the
trial of an Afghan asylum applicant
accused of trying to kill another Afghan
who converted to Christianity it's a
move that's caused Ferrari in the
strongly Catholic state as well as in
German tabloid media the judge says he
made the move in order to show religious
tolerance how can i educate the
defendant to move away from his beliefs
he thinks jihad exists between
Christians and Islamists and so I did
not think it wise to condemn him under
the cross I do not care if there is a
cross or not when the judge addressed
this issue in court I did not really
understand the problem bosses and the
Bavarian Ministry of Justice say this
should never have been an issue in the
first place the presence of crosses in
courtrooms does not prevent the state
from upholding religious and ideological
neutrality religious rights for
Christian converts in Germany is a hot
issue particularly in places like mais
buck the town on the border with Austria
is where many refugees and migrants
either arrived or at least passed
through in 2015 and the move by Judge
Schmidt has prompted ferocious backlash
on social media dear Bavarian people
this is a slap in the face of all
Christians do you still want to trample
on your Christian values there are
judges who leave me at a loss for words
such an irony in the trial of Afghan
Islamist judge Klaus Jurgen Schmidt
takes crucifix from the wall of the
courtroom the sophisticated Islamization
in this country continues judge Klaus
Jurgen Schmidt are you insane
such a disgrace this story comes as the
trial of a different failed asylum
applicant from Afghanistan is underway
in a nearby town in
southern Germany in that case a 38 year
old woman was brutally stabbed to death
in front of her small children
the prosecution say that the motive
behind the killing was that she had
converted to Christianity that trial is
expected to continue for several more
days
