Pakistani doctor who was the key to
finding Osama bin Laden looks set to
spend the rest of his life in jail
Pakistan's authorities have accused him
of helping militants and arrested him
soon after the US operation in May of
2011 two US presidents have since
promised to get him released but it's
now been seven years Merida Garcia takes
up the story you can argue dr. Shakil
Afridi helped catch these century's most
wanted man the man who did this
see right here sama bin Laden you can
also argue he was a traitor and a fraud
it all depends on where you are from the
United States has conducted an operation
that killed Osama bin Laden the leader
of al-qaeda tonight we give thanks to
the countless intelligence and
counterterrorism professionals who have
worked tirelessly to achieve this
outcome gratitude though has its limits
dr. Afridi set up a fake vaccination
program in the area bin Laden was hiding
in in order to collect his family's DNA
and give the CIA proof he was their
clever
shortly after bin Laden was eliminated
dr. Afridi was arrested by Pakistani
intelligence and sentenced to 33 years
he was charged in 2011 for paying money
to the militants of that Luschka Islam
and he was assisting in medical term
that he was making some arrangements for
their meeting in his hospital I met him
in 2012 in June and he said that I am
innocent and the charges they are
totally illegal dr. Afridi was first
accused of aiding local militants and
then of murdering a patient though how
fair those charges are is debatable
Obama tried and failed to get him out
Donald Trump well Trump is Trump do you
think you could get that doctor out yes
I do I think I would get him out in two
minutes I would tell them let him out
and I'm sure they'd let him out it
didn't fly it's even upset the
Pakistanis a little being threatened
with blackmail it's been almost two
years since Trump made his boast and
nothing the man who helped catch Osama
bin Laden V icon of terrorism is rotting
away in jail
we believe dr. Afridi has been unjustly
imprisoned and have clearly communicated
our position to Pakistan on dr. Afridi's
case both in public and in private and
the u.s. well they bring it up once in a
while
that's what gratitude is worth nowadays
that was murdered gasps yeah we spoke to
former CIA officer Philip Girardi he
doesn't see Washington making any real
effort to free the doctor I was an
intelligence officer when people are
caught spying for another country that
country does not like to let them free
so it's it's actually something that
Trump did not understand if the
Pakistanis enter into some kind of
discussion and Trump feels that he can
be generous or or do something that will
enable this man to get free then he
might do it but I don't know what that
would be I don't know what the
circumstances would be they're already
having serious discussions about the the
money that the United States gives at
Pakistan the United States has been
suspending some of that money and not
giving it to them so the Pakistanis are
not are not interested in doing any
favors for Washington I think that is
very clear
