now the Turkish president has announced
a plan to extend his country's military
operation against Kurdish forces in
Syria Turkish troops are currently
fighting the YPG and Afrin and will now
advance to maan Beach an area controlled
by US backed Kurdish fighters unit the
operation we've launched named olive
branch to cleanse Afrin of terrorists is
successfully underway
starting from manbij we will continue
foiling the games which have been played
along our borders and we will cleanse
our region completely of this trouble
what we're hearing from the Turkish
president is that he will now extend his
military operation in northern Syria to
include the town of manbij which was
around a hundred kilometers to the east
of Afrin which is where for the past few
days the Turkish military has been
battling it out with Syrian Kurds who
are backed by the United States
now once the Turkish military moves into
manwich
this could potentially put the Turkish
army in direct conflict with forces
belonging to a major Turkish NATO ally
namely the United States Washington is
known to have some 2,000 Special Forces
on the ground in Syria and while none of
them are thought to be in the Afrin area
they are deployed amongst various
Kurdish enclaves that include the town
of manbij now manbij is controlled by US
backed Kurdish Syrian fighters at the
same time we are hearing from the
Turkish president that more than 250
Syrian Kurds as well as Islamic state
fighters have been killed by the Turkish
army and allied forces in the past few
days these figures are being disputed by
the Kurdish side who's also accusing
Ankara of civilian casualties this
despite the fact that we are hearing
from Turkey that they are trying to
avoid civilian deaths as far as possible
now the american president donald trump
has called for and is urging a
de-escalation and a
in the military operation that Ankara is
conducting in northern Syria all of this
came to a head over the past few days
after the United States announced that
it was training and establishing a
border security force that would
comprise some 30,000 personnel most of
them Kurds that would be deployed along
the turkey Syrian Iraqi border and from
what we're hearing on the ground we do
expect the military operation to grow
and no doubt the casualty count too will
intensify crowds have gathered in cities
across Europe to voice their anger over
turkeys military offensive in the German
cities of Berlin and Cologne crowds
waved Kurdish flags demonstrators
branded president air Dewan a terrorist
and accused him of killing civilians in
Afrin meanwhile at least 200 people
gathered outside the Dutch parliament in
The Hague on Wednesday calling on Turkey
to end its military operation a major
pro-kurdish rally has also taken place
in the Syrian city of kobani against the
Turkish offensive crowds marched through
the streets carrying a flag of Kurdistan
demonstrators also voiced their concerns
over the u.s. role in Syria the American
stance in the region is unclear
unfortunately the u.s. is using the
Kurds combat Islamic states before ISIL
in Syrian and Iraqi Kurdistan it was the
largest terrorist organization in the
world and we did that for the sake of
global security when we got rid of ISIL
the u.s. started supporting those who
have fighting the Kurdish people so it's
a shameful stance by the Americans for
more on the Turkish role in Syria we can
now bring in Nicolas Davies author of
blood on our hands the American invasion
and destruction of Iraq thanks for being
with us here on Rt international so
president air21 controversial figure in
of them himself but he plans to advance
his Syrian offensive to maan Beach how
much resistance is he going to encounter
from Kurdish forces there and how far
could this escalate
well this could escalate into a whole
new phase of the war these are
experienced well-trained and
well-equipped by the US forces the the
YPG and yeah this the this could get
very very ugly and it could go on for a
very long time I I think we have to hope
this seems to be some kind of
Understanding between Russia Syria and
Turkey it seems that her Diwan has at
least some kind of approval from Russia
and the Syrian government to be doing
what he's doing
and while Turkey certainly has a real
desire to you know to not have a Kurdish
independent and clave on its borders
there there is a secondary objective I
think here which is to get the u.s. out
of Syria I imagine that the Syrian
government and perhaps the Russians too
are hoping that if the Kurds find that
the u.s. is not willing to defend them
that they will then work at work
something out with the Syrian government
to to have you know internal autonomy
but maybe restore the borders to the
Syrian government and the Syrian
military in effect restoring the
sovereignty of a large part of Syria
while giving the Kurds you know an
autonomous region which we you know
which they want now according to the UN
at least 24 civilians have been killed
and five thousand displaced in the
Turkish offensive against the Kurds
there in northern Syria do you think
that there is any possible
this operation could backfire on Turkey
well yes it could because you know it's
much easier to start a war than it is to
to end one and if they get into
prolonged combat with Kurdish forces
over I mean you know Afrin and manbij
are just two enclaves really but there's
a much larger area extending all the way
east to the Iraqi border that is now
controlled by by the YPG the whole the
whole enclaves of rojava and you know if
if if turkey ends up fighting a war all
the way across that whole area you know
this could get very very ugly and a lot
of civilians could be killed by the
Turkish Turkish airstrikes and Turkish
artillery fire and and likewise on the
other side of the border with the Kurds
fighting back now Nikolas the it's
interesting you know the big elephant in
the room we have NATO allies against
each other so to speak the US president
has warned Turkey against further
escalation in Syria and any actions that
could lead to to confrontation with the
US do you think the president Erewhon is
taking that warning seriously at all I
don't know I think quite honestly he
probably at this point would take the
views of Russian and Syrian government's
more seriously because ultimately you
know there's there's not a whole lot
that the u.s. can do yes they have 2000
special forces and other forces are on
the ground there and they you know they
they they've been bombing is
McStay tits been the heaviest heaviest
bombing by the US anywhere for a very
long time bombing mosul and raqqa and
other areas but you know the the u.s. is
not really in a position to militarily
take on the Turkish army in northern
Syria so you know what what secretary
James mattis has said is that the u.s.
purpose the u.s. reason for staying in
Syria at this point and past the defeat
of Isis is to prevent Syria regaining
control of all its territory you know
he's been quite explicit about that but
that depends on the Kurds remaining
allied to the US and and willing to
willing to maintain what was really a
temporary expedient even for the u.s. to
use these Kurdish forces against Islamic
state and I think when the when the
Kurds realized that the u.s. is not with
them for the long haul the Kurds
hopefully can work something out with
the Syrian government which in turn will
persuade Turkey to you know to withdraw
its forces and and work out work out an
accommodation between Turkey Syria the
the Kurds in Rome on the YPG and work
out a peaceful solution to one thing the
unknown situation in that part of Syria
well one thing that we know is that the
US has never really been good at keeping
their promises to the Kurds a messy
situation has gotten even Messier
Nikolas Davies author of blood on our
hands the American invasion and
destruction of Iraq is certainly
interesting to hear your thoughts
