2/3 of French prisons are under a
nationwide blockade as staff continue a
two-week long strike over a lack of
security the protests began after an
increase in violent attacks on prison
guards by inmates one of the hotspots is
the flurry
mahadji jail near Paris is the largest
in Europe and holds more than 4,000
inmates it's also used to monitor
suspected extremists among them is saleh
abdeslam who faces trial over the 2015
Paris terror attack and as staff
protested clashes erupted with police
outside the prison
okay today is today we've all come here
for a strike
because discontent is spreading across
France the crucial problem is the
security of prison personnel on top of
that there's the issue of Islamic
radicals who are also kept in our jail
and who are not isolated from other
inmates
ecology it's dangerous for us to be
around the inmates because for them we
are everything they hate for them we are
enemies by definition
with the blockades and demonstrations
spreading across France Charlotte
Dubinsky has been following the story
for us we are on day number nine this is
the second week of a nationwide protests
and we understand that at least 70
prisons are blockaded yet again today
now this started over a week ago because
three security guards at a prison in the
north of France were attacked by an
inmate a convicted terrorist now since
that attack took place in these protests
have been happening there have been more
assaults and attacks on prison guards in
prisons in France including two prison
guards who were attacked on Sunday
evening now the prison guards say that
their work is incredibly dangerous
they fear sometimes to go to work they
fear for their lives because of the
types of prisoners that they're dealing
with they say that in some prisons like
that largest prison in Europe that
sometimes the inmates refuse to go back
to their jails and this is a prison with
a high number apparently of radicalized
inmates so these are just some of the
concerns that the security guards have
and they also say that they are very
very understaffed with the suggestion
that it's sometimes in that largest
prison in Europe there is only one
security guard for every 90 inmates now
I've been talking to some of the
security guards who've been outlining
their other concerns our work is very
dangerous we're weak teams of aggression
and insults we experienced violence
which is not taken into consideration by
the government it has become more and
more difficult for us to act I've seen
physical aggression towards my
colleagues every day it happens every
time we open the cell doors support the
more cities we denounce the working
conditions of our colleagues at the
prison the security conditions the
numerous acts of aggression against them
we want salaries to be increased for
those who face such risks at work as
well as an increase in personnel and
better security
are the demands of the prison guards
well they say they want more
they
over the next four years by the Justice
Minister they also say that they won't
radicalize prisoners to be isolated in
prisons for their safety and they want
to have more security services available
to deal with situations we also know
that president macron has said that he
will unveil a grand plan at the end of
next month to reform the entire prison
system in France without still more than
a month away and the question is is
action needed sooner the prison guards
who remain blockading so many of the
prisons in France said is needed sooner
because they need to have more secure
conditions to work in immediately
