some corporation of during this meeting
a much attention now to the parents of
the OSCE in 2018 including Israel to
find their collective responses and
constructing indivisible security and
restoring the trust on the continent
they are special attention to the
protection of traditional values and the
rights of a national minorities they
were planning to discuss the original
crisis in the OSC areas including in
green in Transnistria Transcaucasia in
and also the priorities of Italian
chairmanship the Mediterranean and the
migration crisis in Europe they will
discuss the development of multifaceted
and diverse Russian Italian cooperation
in politics and trade and economy
intercultural commentary and areas and
in the context of implementing the
agreements reached as you know in our
country in accordance with the decree of
the government of the Russian Federation
of the 6th of June 2017 and in
accordance with the presidential order
of the Russian Federation of 18th of
February 2017 are we mark the 75
anniversary of their defeat inflicted by
the soviet army to the masses you know
the Battle of Stalingrad and a special
event will be held on the 1st of
February attended by the Minister of
Foreign Affairs Sergey Lavrov but
veterans by the representatives of the
Federal Assembly and the documents will
represent it to the participants
in this meeting now we go in and to
passing to the international agenda and
I would like to attract your attention
to the fact that the schedule of the
Foreign Minister is very flexible and
there are some changes and if we have
some changes we will inform you later
so regarding the situation in Syria
Syria now is at a crossroads and after
the victory over Isis which was reached
with the decisive role of for the
Russian armed forces this created
conditions for stopping the fratricidal
conflict and the political settlement of
in the country of these problems that
split to the Syrian society as you know
this crisis this a standoff had lasted
for seven years and there is a sole
basis for these processes in the form of
all decisions of our distillation and
they helped to implement a practical
steps in order to improve the
humanitarian situation and to restore
our the destruct and they destructed
facilities and to return those IDPs and
refugees that left the homes and the
next week
as we announced on the 29th on the 30th
of January such a will host the Congress
of Syria Syrian national dialogue and it
is prepared by Russia and also by Turkey
and Iran and the invitations were sent
and the still being sent to the Syrian
participants about 101 1600 Syrians will
receive such
invitations and also the representative
of the yen original and international
organizations and we aim at restoring
the peace and stability in Syria and we
hope that those who sincerely we share
for the end of the conflict would
encourage the Syrians to take
constructive stances during these
intra-syrian event which we can recall
in Econ but there were other scenarios
and the delay in the restoration of the
syrian society is fraught with danger
challenges that we see near Ephraim
where the Armed Forces of Turkey
together with the Syrian opposition our
conduct military operation and the
Turkish side as you know
countess four of the these interior
situation and we have also looked took a
close look at the statement of the state
secretary of the s terrorism in the
Stanford Stanford University and it was
presentation of the new strategy of the
US on Syria and as we got nerve
Americans want to a place a special
stake on a political approach and we
think that's good and among the aims and
goals no less the removal from power of
the elected president of Syria asset and
they also announced that Washington is
going to stay during a definite term in
the territory but they didn't wonder
what these these government thinks about
that and this approach contradicts
international law and the
settlement in accounts with resolution
to two to five four of the Security
Council this forming of the so-called
border surveillance units and these
strategy looks like look like almost a
policy of fragmenting the country and
Washington doesn't want to wonder
whether it's in the interests of Kurds
and Arabs and other people still living
on this charity and we think that it's
unacceptable to pursue such an interest
and we think that Syrians should
determine the own fate and we hope that
they know they both come in form and so
she will be a very important step in
these directions so the Minister of
Foreign Affairs
I will also take part in now the event
and the events that he will attend we
will inform you on them later
now the you situation in Yemen we
continue closely monitoring the
development of the military and
political situation in these Republic
where are the clashes between no the
Houthis of all the movement and Sara
Allah and the formations loyal to the
presidents are still under way and we
pay special attention to these
agreements on holding of the talks
between the representatives of Houthis
and the delegation of the end in the
Sultanate of Oman and we understand that
it's necessary are to view
these consultations in a very detailed
way that they were because they were
prisons since 2016 and these
consultations are will be about the
future of Yemen and will take into
account all the views of the our
political forces in Yemen we also
mentioned the intention of the
leadership to start integrated
humanitarian operation which envisages
the shipment of humanitarian aid to the
most affected areas of Yemen and relates
to opening around sea and air corridors
and we hope that it eventually will ease
the sufferings above the human toll for
this Yemen Yemeni population
with whom this is shortages of food
medicines and other essential goods now
I would like you to comment on the
situation in the Middle East as we get
many questions relating to the topic and
I would like to answer to the questions
relating to this direction and there is
a serious attention in this region that
is projected in other territories and
after the statements of the president of
the S mr. Trump regarding Jerusalem and
the visit of the vice president of this
country fence and there still are
questions out of our past poster for the
residents of Palestine with of the
Israeli our law enforcement agencies and
we proceed from the principal position
are to support the two
state settlement and it's
envisages of the creation alpha the
independent Palestinian state with the
capital in eastern a Jocelyn and it's a
peaceful coexistence with Israel within
peace and security and we also think
that it's necessary to involve the
efforts of the Middle East quartet of
international mediators and we maintain
intensive contacts with the
representatives of Israel and Palestine
in order to maintain this
israel-palestinian settlement in the
future as for the situation and
Afghanistan's we are comment on these
developments regularly but there are
some events that we cannot leave without
our comments in spite of all the
military presence increased my presence
in Afghanistan talipes
remained very active and to meet
terrorist attacks even in Kabul and it
was very indicative that on the 20th of
January the Taliban group attacked the
well our guarded building off of the
hotel in contact in continental and the
number of victims is about 40 and there
are 1500 foreign nationals including
from Ukraine Kazakhstan Germany and the
US according to all the data the forces
of the American special special forces
were engaged in these
anti-terrorist operation and we express
condolences to the families of the
victims and we hope that these the
Angels will get better soon we are
anxious about the kidnapping of the
member of the admission and her son on
the 23rd of January and we hope that
these those perpetrators will be brought
to justice this in this situation that
doesn't match the expectation of the
u.s. in the Afghan direction and we
doubt that the dispatching alpha-1
thousand American servicemen can reverse
these distressing trends and we are
still convinced that the key to
stabilizing the situation in Afghanistan
is launching of the process of national
reconciliation and it seems that
Washington doesn't seem that the
intra-abdominal
priority and this steal are play
statistics on the use of force
we've already commented but we still
have questions regarding the topic of
the assassination of serve politician
Ivanovitch which was perpetrated on the
16th of January and this can be
characterized as terrorist attack
against a husband serves and this is a
very serious incident undermining of the
security in the region which is fraught
with the turmoil in the Balkans as a
whole and we support the demands of
Belgorod
to involve the server competent
authorities and literally structures -
for the in the investigation we would
like to mention that these stab does not
contradict the resolution 1244 and we
are surprised by the position of the Yee
you nation the euro love Lord mission
which is a deployed with approval out
for the n Security Council and these
senior officials of this mission they
dissociated themselves from now the
investigations and it's very surprising
because for many years the brussels
bureaucrats that we're talking about the
key role of the European Union so the
request of Belgrad for conducting now
the collective work are ignored and it
seems that a prisoner has something to
conceal on 21st on 22nd of January there
will be a visit of rootage to that very
to this region and these association
demonstrate the failure of this quasi
stage of our customer and this created
the conditions of for destruction the
property for developing the violence in
this region and this generators attack
testifies to the necessity of closely
looking into the situation in Kosovo and
the reporting procedures in Pristina
and also for the OSCE authorities and we
should take an unbiased look at what is
happening in the region which causes our
serious concern including because it
threatens of the security and peace in
the region and we urge all the parties
to collect efforts to conduct an
investigation in order to identify the
perpetrators and to bring them to
accountability next topic is related to
the region and this is a question that
we received earlier and I'd like to
answer the question relating to the
revision of the general framework
agreement on Bosnia and Herzegovina and
we do not agree the ideas spread in the
US on the revision of the Dayton
Agreement over 1995 and we relating know
the holding of the new conference Dayton
to as a Sergey Lavrov has stated he said
it in the UN headquarters in New York we
are against rewriting or replacing the
Dayton Agreement because it is opposed
to do this by imposing other Bosnia's
sides the new patterns of government we
do not think that this are only
unacceptable but this can lead to
disability in this situation in the bulk
as a whole and we like a guarantor or
for the Dayton Agreement consistently
supports the compliance with these
agreement and we believe that the
development of the Bosnia and
Herzegovina state can only be fulfilled
to accounts with the Dayton Agreement of
1995 and the wide authorities of the
Republic and the state of Bosnia can be
fulfilled only this way and we urge
Bosnians to resolve all the differences
and difficulties are through dialogue
and we advocate the stop this we are
opposing the Protectorate and we
advocate developing mutually the
