a u.s. Disability Rights Foundation has
set out of film directors for failing to
cast people with disabilities to portray
that disabled the group's president says
it's offensive and humiliates actors
with disabilities a group of whom have
accused directors of discrimination
however something the problem is being
exaggerated different my boys just going
to get the same opportunities as
everyone else not a smart man but I know
what love is get out my dress blues
they're in a garbage bag in the closet
are we going someplace cool businesses
out of yours don't shrug yeah but so I'm
blind
Goethe will compete
in a thirty years since my Oscar win
when no other actor with a disability
has appeared in a leading role in a
major motion picture it is clear to us
that having actors playing disabled is
inauthentic and to many particularly to
deaf community culturally offensive
my name is Stephen Hawking
when we go down that road towards
regulating free speech to that extent we
ruin drama we ruin cinema some of the
greatest overtures to people with mental
disabilities physical disabilities have
been given to us in cinema by
non-disabled people so it's all about
how they're being portrayed Marlee
Matlin has been a great example of
someone who has participated in comedy
about her disability because she thinks
that it's important to make sure that
that people of disability are not
treated as a separate class but are
treated like everyone else so that is I
think at the core of what we're
discussing here today
