after a roller coaster on/off diplomatic
relationship
Donald Trump has openly professed his
affection for North Korean leader Kim
jong-un I was really being tough and so
was he I will go back and forth and then
we fell in love okay
no really he wrote me beautiful letters
that was Trump talking to supporters
over the weekend describing how he and
Kim have gone from it's complicated to
in a relationship a tale as old as time
isn't it too volatile world leaders
separated by thousands of kilometres
first of each other's throats then over
time and numerous heartfelt letters
magic happens I've received two letters
from chairman Kim much personal
correspondence magnificent very strong
letter form incredible letters when I
showed one of the letters just one to
prime minister Rabi he said this is
actually a groundbreaking letter so
against all odds they're in love at
least according to trump but the
relationship isn't without its problems
now is not the time to ease pressure
verified denuclearization of North
Korean until such time as that occurs
the economic sanctions the sanctions but
input a place by the United Nations
Security Council will remain in place
leaving one side with trust issues the
perception that sanctions can bring us
to our knees is a pipe dream of people
who are ignorant about us but the
problem is that the continued sanctions
are deepening our mistrust but all hope
may not be lost a second summit between
the pair is still on the table but make
no mistake about it there is real
progress being made and we're gonna
continue to work at it and until the
point in time where as the president
says we could be wrong it may not happen
but until such time as we conclude we
can't get this time we're going to
continue to drive to achieve the
progress continue the progress which
we've already made but let's not forget
how difficult getting that first date
was well summit that is nevertheless the
to put aside their differences and had a
magical time in Singapore
thank you very much it's fantastic and
while team Trump yearns for more the
Norse I could be straying Kim has
already met with his South Korean
counterpart three times and to add salt
to that wound president moon was sent a
pair of North Korean hunting dogs by
Pyongyang as a symbol of their warming
relationship could this spell trouble in
paradise for Trump Donald Trump's warm
words for North Korea doesn't correspond
with reality so says the director of the
nuclear studies Institute at Washington
DC's American University this is very
bizarre we know that Trump is mercurial
we know that Trump is rash and impulsive
we know that Trump is not a traditional
diplomat in any way so but better that
we be talking better that Trump is
sending love letters to Kim rather than
hate tweets like he was doing for a
while so the United States is giving
very very mixed signals one of the
things that that Trump has said and that
others in the administration have said
is that they want to maintain the
sanctions they want to keep the pressure
up on North Korea the North Korean
Foreign Minister has said that the US
sanctions are a hostile policy so if you
looked at what the North Korean Foreign
Minister said there wasn't all love
letters and best friends he was saying
that if the United States had adopted
the same attitudes that South Korea had
adopted and there would be well on the
path toward peace and denuclearization
you
