if you decide to challenge America's
experiment in democracy is going to be
your worst day those were the words of
the US defense secretary as he unveiled
America's new defense strategy which
will now primarily focus on deterring
Russia and China we will continue to
prosecute the campaign against
terrorists that were engaged in today
but great power competition not
terrorism is now the primary focus of
u.s. national security okay a
correspondent is Donna's been following
this story ego what exactly is this
power of a battle power competition that
James mattis has been talking about well
first and foremost kneel u.s. offense
strategy is a more apt name probably for
the document that has been unveiled
today and this competition there's great
power competition he is talking about is
something the United States military
hasn't been focusing on since the Cold
War so really this hasn't been the
primary focal focus in decades so the
this doctrine I should say that has been
unveiled is a reminiscence to those
times really it's like a bit of a return
to that era and it also means that the
war the infamous war on terror has sort
of taken a backseat it's been put on a
bad burn instead Washington has Russia
and China in its sights
and here how they justify a choice we
face growing threats from revisionist
powers as different as China and Russia
are from each other nations that do seek
to create a world consistent with their
authoritarian models pursuing veto
authority over other nations economic
diplomatic and security decisions so
authoritarian model this is how the
United States apparently see Russia's
and China's geopolitical goals
geopolitical ambitions now these are of
course not the only two countries on the
list of bad guys drawn up by Washington
Iran and North Korea they've always been
there they remained there and Washington
wants to challenge them and to compete
with them as well the doctrine calls for
modernization what what would you expect
to see well this is something that
mattis used the word phenomenal to
describe for Norman
modernization first of all we have to
look at space cyberspace and also
nuclear now we know that in terms of
cyber space warfare the Pentagon are
going to be creating a whole new
department apparently a whole separate
unit to look into this and to develop I
don't know defense strategies in
cyberspace also Washington is planning
to work on expanding its nuclear program
and they're saying it's in response to
Russia's and China's actions I'm gonna
try and play devil's advocate here I'm
gonna say that a defense secretary never
wants his budget to get smaller its main
enemy Islamic state is all but
disappeared no the main enemy anymore
not the main enemy anymore well isn't
this just about building up an enemies
to justify getting more money in tell us
more about the money well you're
absolutely right they need they want
more money and the matters has talked a
lot about how budget cuts have dealt
more damage to American national
security than anything else really so so
obviously you wants more money and this
new document is all about more more
troops more weapons more everything into
this doesn't come free but what we have
to also realize is that the Pentagon
spends a lot of money on projects like
the f-35 fighter jet or the Columbia
submarine and these are the projects
that have been in development for many
years in terms of the f-35 it's been
decades really and that that thing has
not been past the most basic development
stages even yet despite hundreds of
millions of dollars splashed out on this
now so really one should also look into
how the Pentagon spends the budget it is
being given rather than just how much ok
many thanks we've got a good picture of
what's going on there Iger thank you ok
let's get more analysis now let's go
around this Charles Hotel the carbons in
Charles you've had a chance to sort of
understand what's in this doctrine now
what do you make of it as an American do
you feel safer well the first thing I'd
caution is that Donald Trump has said
many times that the United States under
the troponins is not going to Telegraph
its plans so if we're expecting to get
you know
precise forecasts of what the Trump
administration is gonna do militarily
it's not in that document I think that
document as you correctly point out is
an argument for more budget Authority
and as a taxpayer and a concerned
citizen I and a numbers person I look at
the number of 562 billion dollars in
spending and that's the public number we
don't know how much additional money
maybe you know off the books that is an
enormous amount of money for a nation as
small as ours in terms of people we're a
quarter the size of China roughly twice
the size of Russia and our you know
stated defense spending is a mammoth sum
of money given all the cost overruns
I've seen in the past you know I am
uncomfortable just throwing more money
into a black box here and I'd like to
see some real accountability for what we
spend I mean that's after all more money
than the gross domestic product of I
think all but about 20 countries over
200 on the planet so I start there I
also just you know I don't have access
to classified information but I think
you know Russia and trying to clearly
have to defend territory whereas the
Islamic state what's left of it and
radical Islamic terrorism do not so I
would disagree just as a citizen and not
a military expert with the notion that
you know we have little we don't have as
much to fear from radical Islamic
terrorism I think we do I think that Evy
ology has not yet been fully discredited
it could spring up again and so you know
those would be my headline reactions
okay there was a point understand during
the speech where James mattis made a
threat let's have a listen to what he
said and to those who would threaten
America's experiment and democracy they
must know if you challenge us it will be
your longest in your worst day so he was
pretty clear but when he says you know
anyone who challenges our democracy that
makes me think they were making that
claim of Russia interfering in their
election so it could really be applied
to anybody they want what's your
interpretation of it I think it's a
blanket statement I mean the ability of
I mean who was it the Romanian hacker
you know in his spare time out when he
wasn't gardening was able to penetrate
into the most secret
of Hillary Clinton and you know various
other Washington insiders so the threats
you know the cyber cyber threats I think
emanate from all around the world from
the poorest corners on earth that are
connected electrically so I don't know
that was necessarily a specific threat
against Russia and more likely just
simply you know putting people on notice
we will not you know we we will run the
internal affairs of our country and
Outsiders better not try to interfere
yeah that was kind of general a bit more
specific was the statement that there's
an intention to counter and ran by
setting up a regional coalition what
kind of fruit do you think that strategy
might bear well you know in Iran I'm
somebody who cut it was in University in
1979 I vividly remember what happened
then in Iran
indeed my own family was going to move
to Iran prior to that when it was
possible for Americans to flourish in
Iran so you know I I look at the last
almost 40 years now of Iranian
experimentation as a disastrous period
not simply for the Iranians but for the
neighbors and and now elements within
Iran or you know interfering throughout
the Middle East even in South America
and I think it's a good thing actually
that the United States is standing up
and saying listen we're just not going
to tolerate this anymore
and by the way instead of wasting all
this money on your military and your
adventures how about taking care of the
people who are rioting in the streets so
I think that's you know fair it frankly
for for us to point out Charles
appreciate your time I guess political
analyst Charles or tell
