much as Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov
says that Syrian militants now have the
means to produce their own chemical
weapons brijwa Kiev militants are not
only using chemical weapons but they
also have their own technological and
manufacturing capacities to synthesize
toxic substances for military purposes
they've established far-reaching
channels to access chemical weapons
precursors well Lavrov there made that
statement during the latest UN Security
Council meeting artis Kelley morp it was
following the session he kind of joins
us live from New York caleb bit of
context pleased then to the foreign
ministers warning yes the Russian
Foreign Minister is here in New York and
attended the meeting of the United
Nations Security Council and in his
remarks he talked about how while US
leaders continue to focus on accusations
against the Syrian government accusing
them of maintaining chemical weapons
using chemical weapons while that's the
focus of the USA and Britain it seems
like forces on the ground the insurgent
groups that are fighting against the
Syrian government are increasing their
ability to produce chemical weapons this
is Sergey Lavrov the Russian Foreign
Minister speaking before the UN Security
Council
the agenda is adopted now when we heard
these remarks this was in reference we
heard US leaders on the leaders of
Britain referencing the chemical attack
in khan shaykhun
now this took place last April and
immediately after the attack took place
without any investigation being carried
out immediately we heard the Syrian
government being blamed for that attack
now as US leaders immediately blame the
Syrian government then we saw the joint
investigative mechanism that was formed
the joint investigative mechanism went
in to do its research but it was pointed
out by the Russian and vuoi at the
Security Council at that time that at no
point did the joint investigative
mechanism actually visit the site of the
chemical attack this is the Russian
envoi speaking before the council at
that time it was Russia that vetoed
three council resolutions that would
have renewed the joint investigative
mechanism it is Russia that has gone to
the US and the UK continue to manipulate
the opinion of the UN Security Council
and of the international community they
deliberately refused to listen to us and
they twist our words and our stance they
falsely say that it was Russia that
closed the joint investigative mechanism
and they forget to mention that it was
Russia that proposed a resolution to
enhance this mechanism and its
impartiality but they blocked it we
proposed this resolution because the
previous joint investigative mechanism
discredited itself by its mendacious
report which would fail to withstand the
least scrutiny so who blocked this
resolution the US and the UK the same
countries that now accuse us of closing
the joint investigative mechanism I want
to tell you one thing stop playing games
with the OPCW and show that you are
ready to create an impartial and
professional mechanism at least if you
really need cooperation and not just a
pretext for political manipulations now
the Russian Foreign Minister made a
point of pointing out that on the ground
in Syria in areas controlled by the
rebel groups there is an increase
production of chemical weapons currently
taking place now he made these remarks
but we did hear the the same rhetoric
from the USA and from Britain focusing
on the Syrian government not on the
proliferation of chemical weapons by
anti-government fighters yeah just a
quick apology to you there Caleb the
sound bites we were playing a little bit
mixed up there but you know what our
viewers are intelligent people that have
worked it all that beautifully explained
as well gaily more pin many thanks
