in Barcelona almost 20,000 people have
demonstrated demanding the release of
two pro-independence activists both are
facing accusations of sedition after
they took part in actions promoting
Catalonia split from Spain protesters
gathered outside at the region's High
Court they accused the Spanish
government of repression they also held
a minute's silence and solidarity with
those arrested now massive rallies have
been a common sight since Catalonia is
vote for independence was declared
illegal by Madrid
the indem we demand freedom for
prisoners and show that we won't accept
repression and the Spanish government's
abuse against the democratic wheels it's
a great injustice that is the reason we
are here to free them now it's not just
pro-independence activists making their
voices heard Antti breakaway movements
have been gaining popularity as well
meet tar Barnea it's a fictional land
inside Catalonia which includes the
Barcelona and Tarragona regions the
activists who came up with it wanted to
split from Catalonia and join Spain this
is their reasoning it was de La Colonia
we went from being one of the main
drivers of the Spanish economy to a
mediocre autonomy the exit of more than
3,000 companies was followed by
encouraging the civil population to
disobey the constitutional order to get
a republic that lasted eight seconds and
without any international support Pro
and anti independence camps have been
upping their rhetoric ahead of the first
session of the new Catalan Parliament
later today after a recent snap election
in the region pro-independence parties
gained a majority in parliament the body
now has to elect the region's new
president of one of the candidates none
other than karla spooge amond the former
president deposed after the referendum
and who fled to Belgium where he remains
he's claimed he could run the region via
skype or through a special
representative
