prison workers unions in France at
taking nationwide action this Monday
calling for a total blockade of jails
they're demanding better staff
protection after three guards were
injured by a convicted terrorist in a
prison in the north shall I do been ski
reports from outside that facility where
one of the protesters underway the
guards and their family supporters have
come out today to have one of the
blockages this is a blockage that's been
called for prisons across France as you
can see they're burning tires behind me
as part of this blockage they've also
been putting out household or
instruments such as washing machines
fridge freezers to block the entrance to
this prison and they've also been cofee
seeing the floor now and the graffiti
they're saying sufferance dysfunctional
in regards to how they see the prison
system working here in France and
abattoir they're calling it a
slaughterhouse for the workers and
that's because they say they face
aggression on a daily basis our work is
very dangerous we're weak teams of
aggression and insults we experienced
violence which is not taken into
consideration by the government it has
become more and more difficult for us to
act I've seen physical aggression
towards my colleagues every day it
happens every time we open the cell
doors support them or city we denounce
the working conditions of our colleagues
at the prison the security conditions
the numerous acts of aggression against
them we want salaries to be increased
for those who face such risks at work as
well as an increase in personnel and
better security but this latest blockage
has been caused by one particular
incident that took place an inmate a
convicted jihadist who was involved in
the 2002 two attacks in Tunis which
killed 21 people is here and he attacked
three prison guards now we know that
this prisoner is due to finish his
sentence here in France soon and is
under warrant to be extradited to the US
a and that's because he's alleged to
have links to al-qaeda it's been proven
already here in France but he's wanted
in America for involvement in the
attacks on 2001 on New Yorker September
11th attacks were thousands of people
lost their lives in the
attacks that were claimed by al-qaeda
now the prison workers here say they're
unhappy with the conditions there in the
security they say they're dealing with
radical prisoners like this who are
incredibly dangerous and could also be
radicalizing other prisoners here and
they want action and they want that now
they called for the resignation of the
head of this prison the head of the
prison has said they will leave their
job as a result of this look at this
smoke now this is a sense of their anger
that they're showing and this is just
one of many blockages across France just
that smoke plumes coming out and what we
know is that they want the Minister of
Justice to do more the Ministry of
Justice is due to come here on Tuesday
but they say it's too little too late
the investigation that's been called
they say this is the kind of aggression
they face on a daily basis and they want
immediate action they say that this has
been a successive governments have
failed to give them the security they
need and they are as you can see
incredibly unhappy with the current
situation that they're in
