at least 15 people students and a
teacher have been injured when a knife
fight escalated in a school in central
Russia's perm region is what witnesses
told us three children ran from the
nearby school they were in deep shock
looking for help
scared all covered in blood I thought I
was going mad when I saw them fighting
as if it all some guys told me that two
youngsters in masks around the
classrooms injured the teachers and
started stabbing kids then one of them
jumped out of the window trying to
escape
another kept running trying to injure
the children and hurt himself this video
shows one of the youngsters who
apparently started to fight parently
he's now under arrest after being taken
into custody by ambulance the other
youngster was taken from the scene but
stretcher is thought to sustain serious
wounds well let's cross Maria
finocchiona she's been dealing with this
story all morning hey there any more
details through in the last hour of the
police given any more details about what
the motive was here for all this
violence to kick off well Kevin it seems
that we cannot say for sure at this
point what the motives were and while
eyewitnesses may say that it looked like
a planned organized attack on the school
local officials described the incident
as a uniquely private fight between two
students one form and one current
student of the school in the city of
Perm that just escalated and when as far
as getting too many people involved and
there are several reports right now this
point unconfirmed reports speculating on
how it happened that so many people have
been injured as a result including those
who are right now in critical condition
but again it's very high at this point
to verify any information Archie found
what could be a social media page of one
of the knifeman and there was a video
recently uploaded on this page and this
is a black and white piece of America's
1999 Columbine High School massacre a
deadly attack that was carried out by
two students and took the lives of 15
people including two attackers again
it's very hard to make anything
illusion out of it but this is what
those who say they knew one of the
knifeman behind this perm attack told us
about him the villain he's been visiting
the social worker
he'd been treated in an asylum more than
once it was aggressive fit he used drugs
I saw that he also drank again there are
many unconfirmed reports and students of
the school are right now also trying to
understand what happened making their
suggestions and though who support the
idea of a planned attack on the school
say that the knifeman especially a
target that the minor is we know that
the most of those who were injured
students 11 years old students so they
did it on purpose to get many people
injured because of course if you are 11
years old and there is a that we older
student in front of you you would rather
be scared or just protect try to protect
yourself or rather than respond but it's
very hard to say exactly what happened
in permanent alright well we'll keep
across it don't forget at home we want
to keep across it as well you can it's
at rt.com
