the vote on Donald Trump's controversial
pick for the Supreme Court has been
postponed once again that's after the
Senate committee decided to give the FBI
one week to investigate the accusations
of sexual assault leveled against Brett
Kavanaugh a charge he strongly denies
the President himself has ordered an
investigation into the claims well it is
yet another delay in one of the most
divisive confirmation hearings in
American political history fills our
Gallus from wonderland around here
rather than working with us my
Democratic colleagues chose not to
participate in this process and yet
again and again the refrain has been the
same delay delay delay I'm very
disappointed that we're here today
voting on this nomination the Senate is
supposed to be and then dependent equal
branch of government we're no longer
that we're an arm in a very weak arm of
the Trump White House it's the beginning
of a process that will tear this country
apart the US Senate Judiciary Committee
has been conducting confirmation
hearings for Brett Kavanaugh nominated
to be a Supreme Court justice by Donald
Trump they took a vote to take the
nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the
floor of the US Senate now as the vote
was preparing we saw kind of a
last-minute proposal from Republican
Senator Jeff Flake he proposed
essentially that a final vote on the
floor of the Senate wouldn't take place
until the FBI had been able to do an
investigation I do think that we can
have a short pause and and make sure
that the FBI can't investigate my
understanding is that some of us would
have to and I'm prepared to do it make a
request to the White House to ask the
FBI to do that investigation it would be
short and limited in scope to the
current allegations that have been made
I would like to support the motion for
that investigation I've explained many
times and
FBI investigations not necessary the
nomination of Brett Kavanaugh has
certainly divided the United States of
America both sides very fired up about
it and it appears that next week we will
have a final vote in the US Senate
regarding his confirmation as a Supreme
Court justice in the United States the
highest court in the land but it has
been quite contentious protests all
around Capitol Hill lots of accusations
on both sides lots of anger
well the scandal surrounding judge
Cavanaugh has triggered a severe
partisan feud in the u.s. Republican
Senator Lindsey Graham's comments in
front of the silic Judiciary Committee
hearing on Thursday will have
essentially captured the current level
of animosity in Washington in a bitter
tirade he accused the Democrats of a
cynical attempt to derail Cavanaugh's
nomination
what you want to do is destroy this
guy's life hold this seat open this is
the most unethical sham since I've been
in politics and if you really wanted to
know the truth you sure as hell wouldn't
have done what you've done to this guy
however senator Graham's staunch defense
of red Cavanaugh has drawn criticism to
American comedian Chelsea Handler even
claimed that Graham is being blackmailed
by Moscow that's despite the fuck Reem
is renowned for his anti-russian stance
in the senator they're trying to break
the backs of democracies they're doing
worse things in other countries they're
trying to get us to fight among
ourselves and here's what we should do
we should tell the Russians and no
uncertain terms you interfere it in our
elections we don't care why we're gonna
hit you and hit you hard in Russia it's
not a normal country
media I'm legal analyst Lionel told us
the Russia block mill claim against
senator Graham there's nothing but
absurd
the idea is so specious they're
suggesting that that the Russians had
this man through blackmail they
blackmailed senator Graham one of the
most sponge heretofore in some
cases anti-russian senator to speak on
behalf of president Trump's nominee who
was a Republican as he is just this is
not the way blackmail works is the
easiest blackmail imagine me
blackmailing you to say something or do
something that you're going to do anyway
it doesn't make any sense this is an
example of how people in our country
here the so-called elite the
intelligentsia the the cognoscenti
Hollyweird the the I guess the liberal
if you well entertainment arm of
American entertainment of factions all
of a sudden they feel impelled and
compelled and unable to comment on
issues they know nothing about
you
