surprise move now Donald Trump's
announced that he's going to be
attending the World Economic Forum in
Davos the decision was widely criticized
though because it was America first
agenda during his campaign election run
the US Secretary of the Treasury now
defended the move though saying that the
former is not purely a hangout for
globalists not everyone's happy to see
Trump go there for one a zero-based
groups launched a petition calling for
the u.s. president to stay at Davos so
far that's been signed by over 11,000
people they accuse him of racism
Islamophobia war mongering and attacks
on human rights we will no longer
surrender this country or its people to
the false song of globalism replaced the
present policy of globalism with a new
policy of Americanism we are now putting
America first
that was is unique in terms of its width
a stakeholder quote so big issues in the
world cannot be solved by governments
alone or by business alone we should
adapt to you and guide economic
globalization and make it possible for
all people to benefit from globalization
I don't think it's a hangout for
globalists I think the the ideas the
economic team is going to go over and
talk about the America first economic
strategy I'm totally surprised this guy
has come out with that remark because
it's so unbelievable this is the major
attraction each year for the
International cosmopolitan elite they
have the best parties of the year in
Davos
by definition he's a fat cat because
he's been he's a property billionaire
and he's very much catering to those
people in his resource such as the
resort that he loves going to down in
Florida so in that sense they're all
going to be the same sort of people
