this big old chunk of America cost a
billion dollars to build it's pricey but
for a place with river views in London
it's not unreasonable forget about the
river views the new US Embassy has mote
views just think about some of the stuff
that America gets up to clearly a moat
is going to be the bare minimum in terms
of amenities let's be honest a moat is
essentially a big hole filled with water
originally designed to stop ship covered
peasants from attacking tyrants behind
high walls or nowadays the moat could
come in handy to stop say anti-trump
protesters but if I was one of the
locals I would be pretty nervous
about why on earth they decided they
needed a moat this definitely reminds me
of something no I don't get the joke
Star Trek seriously the architect who
designed this called it a crystalline
radiant beacon which means nothing he
also called it the embodiment of peace
and security that's peace and security
american-style the US ambassador Woody
Johnson says that the new embassy is a
signal to the world that the special
relationship between the US and the UK
is as strong as ever
no woody it's a big square building in a
depressing bit of London just across the
river is Dolphin Square the housing
complex at the center of any number of
establishment pedo ring accusations and
just next door is this striking building
it offers a concierge service a gym and
the chance for oligarchs tyrants and
warlords to wash their money by
investing in wonderful two-bedroom
open-plan flats my6 HQ is so close that
the u.s. in the UK could actually plan
their next Middle East intervention
using unhackable smoke signals and just
a few hundred meters further is
Parliament which means that the British
government only needs to take a short
stroll down the river in order to ask
for America's permit
to breathe so in case you missed it this
is America's new embassy in London I
doubt your mister
