the US has revealed that contouring Iran
is part of its ongoing operations in
Syria after the fall of Islamic state
and among the key reasons a military
presence will remain there the
announcement was made during a Senate
hearing on Thursday the president has
committed as a matter of strategy that
we will not leave Syria we're gonna stay
for several reasons stabilization and
assistance in the vital north and
northeast protection of our allies the
Syrian democratic forces but for other
reasons as well including countering
Iran how so with force with troops with
diplomacy which one of those senators
combination of measures first and
foremost it is aggressive sanctioning
and measures undertaken by the US and
our partners we discussed the
announcement with dr. Bassam Abu
Abdullah a professor of political
science is at the mosque is University
he says the US has no legal right to be
in Syria what mr. Satterfield said in
the Congress congressional committee it
shows that America is lying all the time
especially with this administration
first of all they said before that they
are in Syria for fighting against
terrorism then Isis now we are hearing
another reasons that they want to give
us a model of democracy
I'm sorry to say that America where is
their models in Afghanistan or in Iraq
or where America it means there are a
problem the reasons behind that mr.
Satterfield said and it's out of
international law everyone knows they
are now they are not in Syria by
invitation of illegal Syrian government
they are not covering themselves by the
Security Council resolution so they are
repeaters
