the US Army is planning to boost its
online activities it's now on a hunt for
a software tool which can understand and
respond to posts on foreign social media
sites and potentially sway opinion but
isn't it something the US has been
advocating against Lilliput shrinker
explains the classic bars have been out
there for ages and we know what they're
usually used for that is sending out
spam messages in some cases performing
hacking attacks but it seems that Uncle
Sam is after something much more
sophisticated here if you go online and
check out the US Federal Business
Opportunities website you will come
across a Pentagon request from earlier
this week and this was something that
really caught our attention well the US
Army once right now is a software system
that will be able to translate between
languages most notably Russian Korean
Farsi and Arabic and we all know which
countries these languages are spoken in
this kind of technology this kind of
translation technology is already out
there though isn't it hold on keV
because for now I'm far from giving you
the full list of requirements the tool
is meant to understand and know how to
use correctly dialects slang and even
emojis plus it must be a tool that is
capable of analysis all these millions
of posts comments and replies and we all
that these things can be really dodgy
are to be analyzed for emotion and
sentiment that's how complicated it gets
key question is I guess it's probably
obvious but what's it gonna be used for
potentially they want the software to be
able to communicate with users online
maybe not 100% like a human being but
somewhat close to that just take this
requirement that I have printed out
right here it is the ability to generate
at least 3 or up to 10 unique statements
derived from the original social media
statement while retaining the meaning
and the tone of the original again the
software will monitor and analyze its
own impact from the messages that it
sends then adjust plus it also needs to
be self-taught in a way that it can
learn from it
mistakes and then improve and upgrade
which provides potentially unprecedented
opportunities for influencing opinion
online course can't be going without
notice they are any of this big plan is
the salt and the hills of us leaders
complaining about all the potential fuss
about online interference from other
parties other countries really yes Kevin
in the case when Russian troll farms and
baths there are all over the media news
about that the first question that I'd
ask the Pentagon what is your intention
guys for this particular new projects we
sent them out a request to comment they
didn't get back to us for now but the
languages I either regions will give you
a hint and also some experts have
already told us that it's part of a US
campaign could be to expand their online
influencing capability something that
they have been up to for years but
really the sophistication of this new
project machines being able to analyze
the emotions and the sentiment of
comments online
that is something alarming it's kind of
scary we discussed the issue with NSA
whistleblower William Binney and for mi5
agent Donnie mash on they outlined some
of the implications of using these bots
what they really want to do is be able
to monitor voice communications or any
kind of communications text and be able
to assess it and and check it for
threats or things like that
or even from some of the manipulation
programs even respond in kind and and
try to manipulate the other person at
the other end so I mean all intelligence
agencies have had this as one of their
objectives white papers are generally
circulated among contractors who do
business with the government so it is a
little unusual to see these things out
in the public as far as I know the most
obvious interpretation would be that
this is a pushback against the
allegations that have been made
consistently for the last 18 months
about so-called Russian troll farms
influencing elections across the west
and it's interesting to see that the
languages that they're advertising for
the language of Iran and of course North
Korea and Russia so that would be a bit
of a sort of giveaway about which
countries they want to be targeting
