my video has surfaced online allegedly
showing a US service member taking a
shot at a passing truck in Afghanistan
the incident was seen among a number of
clips edited together which were
uploaded and later deleted by an
anonymous user this helmet camera
footage shows a person firing from a
military vehicle at the cab of a truck
it was passing it's not known whether
anybody in the truck was injured the
action if confirmed might violate
military rules of engagement and hamper
the u.s. Afghan alliance the video is
believed to have been filmed last year
during an anti ISIL operation in eastern
Afghanistan Trull command an
investigation into the case is underway
we've requested further comment and
we'll bring you updates as soon as we
get one okay well let's cross live to
our second guest of the day now mr.
Charles Shoebridge a security expert and
former UK counterterrorism intelligence
officer thank you for coming on the
program mr. Shoebridge now though
unconfirmed at this point could those
actions by the US servicemen be
justified in any way well the short
answer to that is yes they could be but
that doesn't mean to say they are
justified I speak as a former Army
officer as well of course so I've
actually taken part in military
operations and of course you have to
look at what a context of this is this
isn't to defend what's happened here it
appears indefensible but this is a nine
second clip and we have to acknowledge
that we don't know what happened before
this video clip and we don't know what
happened afterwards it's difficult to
see what could justify this just what
appears to be an act of bravado an act
of an assault really on this person
who's driving his truck but it may be
conceivably for example of this truck
perhaps even inadvertently went through
a checkpoint for example and this is one
way to bring that vehicle to a halt
we just don't know without more but
certainly on the face of it it appears
to be just a very casual disregard of
the feelings and indeed the safety of
people involved in in countries such as
Afghanistan and we've seen it elsewhere
of course that plays right into the
hands of groups such as Isis al Qaeda
and
the Taliban who want to rid their
countries in this case Afghanistan of
American troops so it's a propaganda
information warfare catastrophe if you
like for the u.s. regardless of the
circumstances and I should add of course
that it that from a technical
perspective when you slow down the video
here you can see that it's very likely
that this was a shotgun that was being
used and it was being used to fire quite
probably non-lethal rounds that's to say
either like rubber pellets or plastic
pellets something like that but
nonetheless extremely dangerous and
extremely foolhardy act to undertake if
confirms what sort of impact do you
think such an incident could have on US
and Afghan ties well it just
demonstrates us we saw so often in Iraq
with far more we don't know the outcome
of this video in terms of what the
effect on a truck driver was you may
have crash later on he may have even
never known that actually he was being
opened file on from the passing years
truck he could have thought perhaps a
stone was kicked up and smashed his
window but unfortunately the situation
is that I think that the fact in this
case for example you say or we suspect
that this video was shot on our
patient's in Afghanistan it's surprising
I think so anybody that's taken part in
these kind of operations that this
soldier would even have his weapon
loaded with what is effectively an anti
riot ammunition because it would be
useless if that against Taliban or Isis
attacking them and that suggests of
course that this ammunition has been
loaded into this weapon specifically to
target vehicles and Afghans in this way
and that in turn might suggest that this
is far more common occurrence than this
one video would suggest and that means
that there are really problems as we
know as we saw in Iraq for example
especially with private military
contactors live lethal ammunition was
being used just against Iraqi civilians
in a very similar way and the effect on
relationships with the local population
and the governors of those populations
and of course the intelligence agencies
of the Afghan state and so on is
catastrophic because Americans of course
the American troops say that they are in
this country to protect the
and population and to their in our
interest in advancing democracy and so
on all of the various reasons that are
put out why American troops are in these
countries but for propaganda purposes
this is a gift to Isis the Taliban and
so on who would say that actually
Americans are there as oppressive
conquerors and occupiers and don't have
the interests of the local population at
heart and of course you'd point out and
people would say would this soldier be
happy if that had been done to his
father or his brother driving a truck in
United States and of course the answer
to that is obvious child Shoebridge
security expert and former UK
counterterrorism intelligence officer
thank you for your time
