Facebook is facing a lawsuit over its
apparent inability to keep its users
personal information secure it comes in
response to the company's worst security
breach in which over 50 million accounts
may have been compromised our
engineering team discovered a security
issue affecting almost 50 million
accounts is clear that attack is
exploited a vulnerability in Facebook's
code this allowed them to take over
people's accounts Facebook admitting on
Tuesday that their platform was breached
50 million accounts affected a further
40 million also having their passwords
changed so that's 90 million people in
total and Facebook releasing a statement
saying that those accounts could have
been used by people with nefarious
intentions and that necessarily stage of
their investigation they don't know who
these people are or where they're based
who carried out this attack and
naturally that's led to anger being
expressed on other social media
platforms oh my god someone besides who
Facebook was willing to sell your info
to may have your info terrible times I
knew something was up last night when I
saw in there has occurred and when I
clicked on the app now I've been logged
out of my account and I can't remember
my password time to change it again if
they refuse to protect those they
monetize consumers clients should quit
and possibly they should be put out of
business now it's been a tough year for
Facebook earlier this year they teamed
up with the Atlantic Council the
American think tank to combat what they
said was fake news but that led to
accusations by many that they are only
cracking down on certain types of
Facebook pages and that that is an
infringement of free speech also earlier
this year Facebook coming under attack
and under heavy criticism for their
links with Cambridge analytic aware
millions of Facebook users data was
accessed and used for political purposes
by the company and that led to the
founder of the company
Mark Zuckerberg releasing a statement
conceding that the company must do
better we have a responsibility to
protect your day
and if we can't and we don't deserve to
serve you so it's been a tough year for
Facebook and what comes next
is important if mr. Zuckerberg and his
team want to rebuild trust in the social
media Giants well Facebook has fixed the
issue but the company shares fell I
let's see you're Mark Zuckerberg net
worth plunged by some two billion
dollars a security researcher we spoke
to thinks the hack could in fact have
been much worse and that Facebook must
keep working on bolstering its security
Facebook has an awful lot of
infrastructure and an awful lot of users
to protects and whilst that 50 million
users impacted by this plus the
additional 40 million that they've taken
extra measures to protect that's still
only a few percent of Facebook's total
user base so whilst this is a very large
breach it could have been a lot worse
I think that any effort that they can
put into bettering their stance on
security is always good in terms of how
effective that will be we can only
really wait and see what the outcome of
that is as we progress into the future
you
