another twist in the stateside Russia
saga Donald Trump's lawyers say they
intend to sue the people behind the
infamous dossier on alleged collusion
with Russia that's after a transcript of
an interview with Glenn Simpson one of
the men behind the dossier was made
public his group Fusion GPS commissioned
the report on the alleged Russia Trump
ties some Republicans say this led to
the entire FBI investigation despite it
all containing salacious details that
Trump himself describes as fake news now
a large part of Simpsons testimony is
devoted to the meeting of Trump jr. with
a Russian lawyer and one of the key
moments for those that was indeed for
those who support the whole Russian
collusion theory well Artie's eagerness
Danoff met that lawyer
Natalia vessel needs Gaia to discuss the
latest revelations whose native Liana
Simpson the eve you've known the person
behind this testimony Glenn Simpson for
quite a while now tell us more about how
your relationship came about western
portico emulation or tongzi we met for
the first time in 2015 during my first
visit to the United States before that
we exchanged emails we were introduced
by lawyers who were hired in New York to
represent our client a Russian
businessman in a case initiated by the
notorious mr. browser in 2013 during our
cooperation he showed excellent
information gathering and analytical
skills including the ability to
distinguish truth from gossip I was very
excited about reading the testimony he
delivered back in August this long
document of almost 300 pages covers two
different topics the first is the
so-called Tramp dossier the second is
about his relations with me when last
year I found out about the connection of
Glenn Simpson to the Trump dose here I
could hardly believe it Dania medicham
Kaka mentioned a discrepancy between the
quality of Simpson's work that you used
to and the quality of the infamous Trump
dossier
why did Simpson allow something like
that to come out under his name in your
posture
the tram dose here is an anonymous
report if people who had been working on
it it did not admit that publicly we
would have never known the authors of
the report what raises questions is that
the sources are not named why did words
by unnamed and unverified sources form a
basis for an investigation conducted by
at least four different government
bodies of the United States not only
does this investigation distract
politicians from real issues but it is
also wasting taxpayers money
it focuses on many different things
while failing to establish who actually
said them Natalya Hassan it's kaya has
just mentioned bill Browder who's also
mentioned by Simpson he was an investor
in Russia and later was accused of
masterminding a large-scale tax evasion
scheme his attempts to lobby against
Russia was one of the main talking
points between vessel Nets kaya and
Donald Trump jr. the Kresge I believe
browser a most was among the two key
points disclosed in the memo
besides the Russia Trump collusion of
course bill Browder in it simpson slams
the form of businessmen on several
occasions accusing him of being obsessed
with russia while being actively
implicit in tax avoidance schemes and
even money laundering can you give us
your judgment on the situation own
permission rise here Browder is obsessed
with russia he is tied to russia not
only by his desire for revenge but also
mentally here in russia he got married
to a russian woman he has half russian
children his ties to Russia are nearly
as strong as mine after all his crimes
he should be grateful to Russia for not
throwing him behind bars while it was
still possible Lea can do this master
border of Congress he ostrich at
withstanding the gravity of the
allegations mr. proud too testified
before the US Congress during the summer
of 2017 mainly talking about the alleged
complicated collusion see mr. router you
have given us the first hand inside into
Putin's Russia you may have done more to
fight corruption worldwide than any
other individual and I appreciate what
you have done
thank you for uncovering the facts and
I'm sure how I can tell it's difficult
to talk about the life and tragic death
of your friend and someone who is your
colleague I want to join my colleague
and thanking you for being here today
and admiring your courage and tenacity
Kakadu my service priotiy do you think
the viewers perception of mr. Browdy
will change following the publication of
Simpsons testimony youkai news the
bottoms miss lane I don't want to sound
naive but I really hope this hysteria
will end with a victory for common sense
