Iraqi security services are forcing
refugees to leave camps and return to
their homes despite these areas being
deemed unsafe that's according to a new
report by the UN refugee agency it says
more than 13,000 families were forced to
come back to dangerous zones and those
who returned to face the number of
problems from tribal conflicts to booby
traps left by fleeing Islamic state
fighters the report also says at least
14 returnees have been killed and we
spoke to people in a one refugee camp
about their fears of returning home
we moved to this camp three years ago we
don't want to return to our home yet
we're afraid of tribes our houses are
destroyed we have no place to live as
the fields of withered houses are looted
in the wires are torn out of the walls
and there's lots of booby traps five
days ago our neighbors there started a
fire to warm some water something went
off and now their kids are in hospital
is so scary there
there are very few people from our
village she returned home there's
nothing left there no electricity and
the water supply doesn't work we may
return in the future but only when the
area will be suitable for living 2.6
million internally displaced people at
this point recently into internally
displaced this is not counting Iraqis
outside the country and many of them
being forcibly returned to places they
don't want to go to that they don't
think are safe if your home is rubble
and there are corpses lying in the
streets and there are explosives and
mines and improvised explosive devices
littering your former home no you
shouldn't be compelled to return
that's not humanitarian aid that's
further humanitarian abuse the
allegation seems widespread in Iraq that
the Prime Minister is seeking to get
Sunnis back to their homes to allow an
election to proceed this spring so PR is
taking precedence over substantive aid
to human beings both within Iraq and
without the Iraqi Prime Minister has
denied that refugees are being forced to
return to unsafe areas he says it's all
misinformation being spread by his
political rivals
