julian assange allegedly getting some
sort of identification there from
Ecuador there's a bit of confusion about
what exactly is going on earlier reports
coming in he'd been a granted Ecuadorian
citizenship it's now claimed he's only
been handed an identity card for the
country so a bit of uncertainty about
what exactly is going on there let's
cross live to our correspondent
unassociated sugar now who's in the
middle of it all next to Ecuadorian
embassy in London where of course Assad
remains holed up and as 2cr a confusing
picture tonight really what's the latest
we do know what does it mean what could
it mean rather for Assange if these
reports turn out to be true well done
the mystery of what happens next in this
ever complicated tricky and
internationally spanning case of Julian
Assange really continues with some
developments trickling in this evening
here in London where we are in fact
outside the Ecuadorian Embassy and some
of the confusion of some of the reports
that have been coming out seems to be
stemming from first of all a tweet that
Julian Assange had posted on his Twitter
page wearing a t-shirt with the
Ecuadorian national colours sparking
lots of debate and questions online
about whether or not this could
potentially mean that he has either has
been or is on his way to being granted
citizenship those questions of course
are yet to be specifically answered by
either Julian Assange himself the
founder of WikiLeaks or Ecuadorian
officials what we do know so far is that
Assange seems to have been issued some
sort of national Ecuadorian
identification number which is easily
seen on the ecuadorian website where
this particular number coincides with
his full name now the questions there
are whether or not this is an ID that
could potentially be used for him to
apply for Ecuadorian citizenship or
somehow change his status when it comes
to this very complicated case that has
now spanned over several years what we
do know is this comes following earlier
statements from the Ecuadorian Foreign
Minister saying that it's really time to
move on with his case let's take a
listen with
the person can't live in those
conditions forever mosque or ciudad look
we're considering the option of
mediation we're not with us i don't have
said that could be done via a third
country or individual who knows no
solution is possible without
international cooperation or without
that of the UK which has expressed
interest in finding one
well there are lots of questions now
about who this potential mediator could
be because obviously when it comes to
the complications of Julian Assange
being able to actually step out of this
embassy behind us revolves largely on
what his statuses in the UK because
clearly it's been made very clear many
times over and over by British officials
that even if he does step foot outside
the embassy he would be snatched up by
them for the simple reasons of having
reached his baya when around the time of
when his whole case began to unravel so
that has been the position of the
British officials of course despite
having a the world scene that
organizations such as the United Nations
have found his detention to be arbitrary
that the Swedish investigation that has
been going on for quite some time having
dropped the sexual allegations against
him there were lots of assumptions there
that this would open the door for
Assange to walk out of this Ecuadorian
Embassy where he's been holed up but
obviously all of this has been based
largely on the fact that Assange himself
believes that as soon as he walks out he
would be extradited to the US which
seems to be his biggest fear given the
sort of expectation for him to be
punished there for his work as a
whistleblower with the website WikiLeaks
having provided so much information when
it comes to certain doings of the
American government
so certainly lots of questions we're
going to obviously be watching this very
closely in terms of what is this going
to mean for Assange as status not just
within Ecuador but potentially his case
beginning to move forward a little bit
more probably more questions that
answers at this point nice to see any
time it seems closer to a resolution the
case gets more cryptic and more
complicated and as I said sugar can
there bring us the latest from outside
the Ecuadorian Embassy well let's
discuss is further we can go live to
human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell
who's the director of the Peter Tatchell
foundation Peter thanks for for coming
on today as you've probably heard there
from our correspondent who's outside
their case remains pretty murky right
now lack of real information whatever
confusion as to what's going on if this
turns out to be correct on identity card
has been issued
what could that mean for Julian Assange
is this a serious step to resolution of
this seemingly endless saga well as your
report suggested the Ecuadorian
government has made it very clear they
want a resolution and they're prepared
to negotiate they want a way of Julian
Assange leaving the embassy to clear up
the fact that he's been holed up there
all these years that's clearly their
desire publicly expressed the granting
of an identity card is of course
potentially the first step towards being
granted citizenship of Ecuador and
beyond that the possibility that he
could be granted diplomatic status which
would give him diplomatic immunity and
the suggestion might be that if he was
granted diplomatic immunity he would
therefore be free to leave the embassy
and travel to Ecuador and the British
government would not be able to lay a
finger on him that is of course
speculation it's a long way down the
road yet but clearly the granting of
identity card is a movement a new
development which may open the door to
further things in the future I mean this
is obviously been going on for five nine
five and a half years I've done multiple
reports myself from outside that embassy
as well and you know as we said earlier
any time there is a step forward a lot
of questions still do remain but I mean
an either an ID card Lord Passport at
this stage at least give him immunity
unless it's a diplomatic passport so
really as an ester CEA's still said he's
still liable for rest of course as soon
as he steps out of that embassy isn't he
that's right and that is still the
official position of the British
government and the question I think
British people have to ask is is there a
public interest in continuing to pursue
during Assange I think it's a very thin
public interest if one at all you know
the sagas dragged on for far far too
long I don't think there's any
compelling public interest reason why
the British government should keep on
pursuing him I think probably behind the
scenes many British officials would be
very happy to see the end of Jurina
and if ultimately a diplomatic passport
and immunity was a way of exiting the
country then certainly that is thing I
think something that many British
officials would be glad of of course
there is the question you know the
convention is that someone who has a
diplomatic passport is immune from
prosecution that is the way it's been
traditionally dealt with there is of
course no guarantee that past traditions
will be a guide to future practice there
is still the possibility that even who
was granted a diplomatic passport an
immunity by the Ecuadorians the British
government might still try to snatch him
that would be a very serious breach of
diplomatic protocol and convention I
doubt the British would go that far but
on the other hand you know there are
some people in the British establishment
who really want to get him so I wouldn't
rule anything at this particular point
in mind or point in time one thing I
would say is that on the question of
diplomatic immunity in 2001 I was beaten
unconscious by the bodyguards of
President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe in
Brussels and his bodyguards claimed the
Mirta community the British government
did not contest that they decided to
take no action against the bodyguards of
President Mugabe for beating me
unconscious likewise the Belgian
government as well so if they didn't
recognize diplomatic immunity if that's
what Julian Assange eventually gets
through a diplomatic passport but then
recognise it in the case of a violent
assault that would be an incredible
contradiction incredible double standard
so my feeling in hope is that diplomatic
immunity and passport will come and that
that will be the way of Julian Assange
exiting the UK and seeking and securing
asylum in Ecuador indeed what a well
dramatic what a shocking example you
gave there of you know the the
diplomatic immunity and whether that is
observed or not I mean at this stage as
you quite rightly pointed out Pisa the
key thing is not to rule anything out
all possibilities are open but let's
just speculate for a minute that this
does go ahead
easy shooted a passport diplomatic
immunity I mean it why has this taken
five years to do this does seem like a
very convenient way out of the situation
it's five years down the road if it was
this simple issue my passport issue him
that diplomatic immunity seems
straightforward enough why has it taken
this long do you think well you forgive
me I'm not entirely up to speed with the
Ecuadorian government rules with regard
to citizenship and maybe he's had to you
know serve a time on Ecuadorian
territory which is what the embassy is
in order to be considered for
citizenship so maybe the delay is simply
because you have to be an Ecuadorian
territory for X number of years before
you can be considered for citizenship
and maybe now during Assange is
approaching that limit and so therefore
a citizenship could be granted and then
a passport following that's my own
that's my speculation yeah I'd agree
with that it does sound quite logical
Peter although I'm no expert on
Ecuadorian law either I mean just
finally you mentioned there perhaps many
British officials many figures in the
establishment should will be happy to
have an end to this saga it is you know
causing at the least the PR problem
perhaps for the British government on
the international stage if this does go
ahead how do you think British
authorities could react in the move by
Ecuador would you be surprised if they
did block this this diplomatic immunity
move or would they be happy as you
mentioned to wash the hands of him and
put an end to this five-year saga I
think that if a diplomatic passport an
immunity was granted to during Assange I
think the British government would be
quite reluctant to breach that
convention they wouldn't like it because
there are people there who really want
to get him but I think they recognize
that if you start breaking this
convention then where does it start and
where does it end
you know you know there could be over
territory actions against British
officials whose diplomatic immunity
could be challenged so it would be a it
would be a very extreme move for the
British to take the fire point just like
to say is we have
remind ourselves that whatever you think
about during Assange his WikiLeaks
organization did perform a great public
service by shining a light on human
rights abuses he was not himself a
whistleblower he was a publisher but he
did publish the leaks of others such as
Chelsea Manning with the Iraq war logs
which showed that horrendous example of
the killing of innocent civilians by a
US helicopter crew in Iraq you know
shining a light on those kind of abuses
was a great public service and even if
you have some criticisms of the way he
and WikiLeaks have behaved on some
issues you can't take away from the fact
that he did help expose things that
successive governments wanted to keep
hidden from the people of the United
States and indeed the world in that
sense I think he is somewhat of a hero
regardless of other criticisms that may
be made indeed he certainly as much
admired as he is a figure of controversy
internationally as well we'll be keeping
updates of course on that throughout the
night throughout tomorrow to see what
those details are Peter that show Human
Rights Campaign a director of the Peters
actual Foundation thanks for coming on
such short notice and giving us your
take on what could happen there
