there was a time when men women women
were women and good old-fashioned
oppression was reserved for the lucky
few but in case you missed it
things ain't what they used to be in
Britain at Durham University a student
philosopher has been sacked from a
psychology journal and the University
magazine for retweeting a retweet of a
retweeted article that states women
don't have a penis an urban Sweden a
professor is being investigated for
telling students that there are
anatomical and biological differences
between men and women they both made the
fatal error of having a thought and then
expressing it as an honest opinion
publicly naive I'm not here to get into
this raging debate about who has what
dangly bits I just want a society to be
super inclusive for all people like the
British students this Swedish professor
and frankly your granddad need some help
well go get your granddad probably your
dad too because I see why my is here to
fill you in modern society is actually
really simple just memorize the
following you must be tolerant of
everything use zero tolerance against
anyone that doesn't agree freedom of
speech is still your absolute right just
try not to use it too freely only
express yourself
the safety of your own home around the
people that love you unconditionally
you'd probably never considered how Bob
next door has sex well you'd better find
out so you can express your support for
it
and remember Bob might still look like
Bob but that doesn't mean he's not
Barbara shimmery is a misogyny so slam a
door in her face so as not to offend the
feelings are better than fact fact woke
is not just the past tense of wake and
if you're not oppressed then you are
worthless don't worry though because
someone is oppressing you you just don't
know it yet the world is changing fast
and more than ever it's important to
include everyone in the progress that's
been made only by working together can
we prevent different opinions from being
thought and then expressed
don't worry though we're getting there
