pressure is mounting on the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after
recording involving his son was leaked
to the press in that recording ya
Netanyahu could be heard chatting to the
son of Israel gas tycoon Toby mime on
outside a strip club yeah appeared to
suggest that the Prime Minister helped
the Tony Koons secure a twenty billion
dollar business deal the conversation
took place in 2015 and was aired on
national TV on Monday night Middle East
expert Ahmed Alberto believes the leak
is a major blow for the Prime Minister
this is not the first case that we're
speaking about corruption in the family
of Binyamin Netanyahu as the Prime
Minister of Israel for the Israelis it's
may lead to the withdrawal of confidence
and that's the the main threat for
Benjamin Netanyahu
that's why they're trying as a family to
play with words showing that it's not a
fact but it was just a matter of a guy
who was hanging around with his friends
and he was just chatting about different
things but this is not the matter of
fact Prime Minister Netanyahu is already
being investigated in two separate
corruption cases the allegations include
receiving bribes and negotiating
favorable media coverage in the meantime
the Prime Minister is pushing for a
special immunity law which would allow
him to avoid prosecution ahmed al bouri
whom he heard a moment ago believes the
scandal is unlikely to die down
committin yahu I think it's going to get
worse and worse what's happening that he
thinks that he enjoys a kind of a
political immunity but on the other hand
the streets in Israel are so angry and
you could feel the sentiment of anger
and fury inside the social media of
Israel
that could retaliate against netanyahu
and i think eventually this may lead to
a kind of resignation or even being
prosecuted and even jailed as his
predecessor
