now there are calls to boycott clothing
giant H&M after it advertised a black
child in a hoodie with the words coolest
monkey in the jungle in the same
campaign the white child was also shown
but in inoffensive clothing now hmm has
now taken down the image and publicly
apologized as well that hasn't stopped a
massive rouse oh with the brand labeled
as racist marketing fail Asian templates
a black child in a hoodie that reads and
the coolest monkey in the jungle and the
white child is the survival expert and
now Fox are pretending like they don't
know the black children have long been
racially characterized as monkeys the
hmm is just irony
I highly doubt they were like let's put
the monkey hoodie on the baby like y'all
making it seem there's a white
supremacist who works for H&M the
thought it was funny to make a black boy
model a hoodie that said coolest monkey
in the jungle
H&M is not an American company
non-native brands do not have to be
familiar with USA's or other countries
historical conflicts no one has to do
background research for advertising a
simple hoodie y'all can feel how y'all
feel about the H&M who dissertation I
thought the hoodie was cute sue me
they've got a little black boy in a
monkey hoodie
of course it's offensive but it's so
obvious I'm hysterical over the lack of
awareness by H&M well joining us live
now Luke get us from spiked magazine and
ready for dare of models of diversity an
advocate for more variety in fashion
thanks for joining us today on the
program great to have you both on today
if I can go to you fast perhaps Luke I
mean this has been controversial issues
got a very split reaction online on
social media many accused the ad of
having racist undertones that's very
much understandable absolutely you know
other people see absolutely nothing
wrong with it they're saying it's a bit
of a storm and the teacup I mean where
do you stand on this well I think it's a
really sad day I think what has happened
is the word monkey has been used because
this boy is a child and the word monkey
is used to describe children of all
races because they're cheeky and
mischievous and you can see this across
children's clothes for children of all
race
and this was part of a jungle themed
clothing line the idea that this was
somehow racially malevolent I think is
utterly ludicrous and I think that
really this is a symptom of what Twitter
does to people I think really what it
does is it encourages people to see the
absolute worst in people's motivations
and so I think we do have real problems
with race class gender in this society
but what we need is a sense of racial
solidarity and what Twitter does is it
makes racial solidarity completely
impossible by encouraging everyone to
believe the worst in everyone else and
what I think it does is it creates
social division it fosters division it
encourages people to see people as
different rather than the same and if we
continue on that mindset we are going to
fail to formulate a common response to
those problems around race and gender
and and everything else that we
experience in society so I think we need
to get this discussion off Twitter as
soon as possible it's a recipe for
social dissolution for alienation you
know we're going to end up in a
situation where white teachers will be
worried about teaching black children in
case they say the wrong thing white
people be worried about working with
black people in case they say the wrong
thing and this is nothing to do with the
people themselves because there's a
small community of people online which
encourages people to think the worst in
others and that makes any kind of
solidarity impossible Remy I mean if I
can go to you I mean as as Luke
mentioned there obviously there are
problems within society of racism of
discrimination you've got experience of
the fashion industry the wider fashion
industry is that a problem that is there
this discrimination and racism I mean is
this symbolic of it or as Luke said as
this being made too much of a big deal
out of
there's no doubt that there's an issue
there it's not it's not something that
is something that's just as a win you
know it's definitely there
there's been issues with people of color
becoming into the fashion industry in
the first place and even being
represented fairly and even the
connotation of beauty for people of
color for a star and that's just the
first issue and but the whole issue is
with this advertising campaign it's an
advertising campaign that has - it's
international it's an international
campaign and it's so obvious that if
you're going to use a connotation like
monkey whether a child is a monkey and
you're going to choose a black child for
the campaign and a white child as a
survivor of the jungle that it's not
going to have connotations it's
ridiculous to think it's not going to
have any context whatsoever I'm sorry
but I don't know the biggest rodent
compared that you know how you can say
that the thing is this I don't think
this has that connotation for the vast
majority of people the vast majority of
people think this is a perfectly
innocent campaign involving children of
all races involved in the jungle and I
think it's really sad when adults pre
conceptions about racism and race get
read into childhood interactions I think
that is potentially extremely corrosive
if this kind of thinking gets into our
school environment for example what are
we going to end up saying that black
children can't be involved in games that
might involve jungle animals please do
yeah now I disagree there because I do
think that yeah children are going to
get involved in games that involve
jungle animals but if you're gonna
specifically choose a campaign where the
black child is chosen as the monkey and
the white child has chosen as the jungle
survivor in a climate of racial tension
you know it's going to have connotations
especially for their parents when I was
growing old this is this is a historical
this is an Islamic religion I don't
think it's just about about parents it's
something that's going to be inherent in
these children subconsciously if you're
going to continue this and I don't think
it's about I'm looking at this
objectively to be honest I personally
my opinion I think this is actually an
issue to do with promote promoting and
and making sure that you're gonna make
the brand more success necessarily a
race issue if I could just jump in Remy
I mean the hashtag boycott H&M has been
trending on Twitter
there you have actually obviously
apologized they've taken down the advert
since then are you happy with their
apology do you think they've done enough
to to put an end to the matter or I will
do back a boycott of H&M as a result of
this to be perfectly honest I I've
always shopped in H&M I was a big fan of
page now I'm so disappointed by this
campaign I've seen what H&M do they
always use a mix of models but this is
really it you know little time to say
the least is what this campaign is it's
really badly thought out by a board of
white directors because even if it was
even if there's that opinion there it's
just like badly thought and it might
have been parents that are negatively
thinking about this you cannot deny the
connotations that it held I was bullied
by a whole class I'm called a monkey by
the whole class when I was going into a
class and then and and it really had an
effect and if that's gonna have an
effect on me that's gonna have an effect
on generations to come because you can't
get away from that of course why we the
strongest way we can deal with this is
by moving children beyond race that
should be the goal for everyone in
society is making children not think
about their race that's the way we
should be proceeding but what this
thinking does is that it reads into
people's motivations a racist and malign
motivation and the previous speaker just
did exactly that they said well there's
a white board of people this must be a
racist thing this must be racial why
can't it simply be that this is a child
a child who's not black or white who
cares it doesn't matter the point is
that here's the muck the word monkey is
being used to describe a child and the
childhood experience and I
the more that we allow this is how old
on a second I let you depart on the more
you allow that kind of toxic level of
debate that happens on Twitter to
permeate our interactions in the real
world the more we become distanced from
each other the more we so racial
difference and the more any genuine
racial solidarity becomes impossible
because people no longer trust each
other people read into people's
motivations the worst possible malign
thinking and I think it's absolutely
toxic and although this H&M example is a
relatively trivial one I think most
people in the country recognize why the
term monkey was used and the context
that it was used the more that we
encourage the kind of thinking that we
see on Twitter the more difficult is
going to be to formulate a common
response to the real problems that we
mean if I can just jump in and then Remy
perhaps I asked you this I mean is this
a question really you mentioned you know
the white board of directors there I
mean a racism perhaps that does exist in
industry but is this perhaps more you
know a thoughtless choice I mean
everybody can see the connotations here
everybody can see you know that this was
perhaps a very bad news no poorly
thought-out choice but is that all it is
do you think if this had been that the
other way around a white child wearing
that top and a black child wearing the
the other orange your jungle survivor
top would there have been such an outcry
over this
no it's the simple answer it's that's
the whole issue here and advertising
campaigns are really well thought out
and if it was just about play I think
it's fantastic and I think it's and
that's what I like about H&M and in fact
that's what I like about Benetton is
well because they used to use
controversial campaigns but they never
they never cross the line of it'd be an
overtly appearing to be racist or using
any sort of connotations they sort of
made a debate and opened up a debate
which is a completely different thing
altogether I really believe in unity
absolutely I just think you really have
to really think about how you're gonna
promote these things and how you're
gonna bring that about and just another
thing I'm gonna say I don't know about
the Twitter boycott campaign I haven't
looked into that at the moment well what
I would say is that bringing this as a
debate is a really important thing to do
actually you might think it might bring
attention and it does bring arguments
but at the same time you know I've got a
lot of support for coming on to the show
and talking about because it's bringing
unity from black people and white people
to sort of say you know we're worried
about how a child will be perceived and
that's the issue here if I can get back
to you I mean you know one can see both
sides of the argument here can't nay the
fact that there are racial connotations
the fact that many people's do see this
as an overreaction but I mean surely you
can see that bearing in mind the
historical connotations bearing in mind
you know towards black people of the
word monkey I mean really perhaps a
little more common sense here at least
would have been a good idea but hmm I
think the clear distinction is between
adults and children I think that when
the word monkey is applied to a child it
doesn't have any racist connotation no
matter how you read it and I think
imagining that it does is very very
dangerous so I don't think there's any
room for any more racial sensitivity on
behalf of H&M because I think it's
perverse to see this advert as having
any kind of racial connotation and I
think the more we read a history with
which obviously these children have
nothing to do with into the interactions
between children the more we imbue them
jumpy 'pl with our racial insecurities
and I think
it's the most harmful aspect of this the
more we do it the less likely we are to
have a generation who genuinely do move
beyond race the more likely it is that
we actually so those kind of racial
segregation the more chance there is
that we remain so racially sensitive so
aware of each other's differences and I
think that's for the real problem with
this we were running out of time revenue
if I can just go to you too quick that
you know 30-second summary what can
action em do or could H&M have done
better you know to mitigate what's been
a very sensitive issue here obviously
first of all an apology but an
explanation of to why they did it and
what they think would be you know their
intentions for it I think is very
important and I just think that they
need to recognize what the how it
affected people of color I need to
recognize how it affected people of
color and how it could potentially
affect children because they don't live
in a bubble they are aware of what's
happening in the world like football
teams and monk bananas being thrown
footballers and think they're aware of
this we don't live separately from
history history as part of your lives so
okay I think just I still you know I'm
still being hmm yeah we are running out
of time guys I'm afraid that so what do
you have foot
yeah go on Lucas very quickly I think
it's the the idea that you would elide
throwing a monkey at a black football
player with a child wearing the jumper
with the word monkey shows just how
crazy this discussion is the two things
are very very different one is very
clearly racist the other has no racist
content whatsoever okay that's all we
have time for today guys Luke get us
from swipe magazine and models are
diversities Remi for dare greats have
you to have this debate as Rome you said
very right we do discuss this
controversial issue thanks both of you
for your time today great to have you on
