oh the roller coaster ride for bitcoins
seems to be on the way up after a near
40% slump recently it is currently
around the sixteen thousand dollar mark
after highs of about 20,000 last year so
here's a quick reminder of the journey
so far
bitcoin has hit a financial milestone
not reached in almost four centuries has
taken over the title of biggest bubble
in history for what was known as julep
mania in the Netherlands bitcoins value
has surged by around 60 times in the
last three years that's considerably
faster than tulip bulbs in the 17th
century which were at one point worth 10
years of a skilled craftsmen earnings
back then prices were driven by greed or
a fear of missing out but as more people
bought into the bulbs for quick profits
a flurry of sales collapsed the price
and left many with crippling debts
bitcoin is being called the digital
tulip of the 21st century as the same
pattern emerges a fear of missing out
and new investors piling in critics say
the perceived value of the currency like
the tulip is being conjured out of thin
air but the ever growing army of Bitcoin
believers say it's here to stay an
operational market in full flow around
the clock and new places all over the
world ready to accept the cryptocurrency
as payment even a church in London is
happy to accept donations of the virtual
kind with the size of the Bitcoin market
already surpassing some countries
economies New Zealand included
influential banks are being left behind
but as history shows us boom is usually
followed by bust so is Bitcoin about to
wilt despite the fear though some people
have struck it lucky and pretty rich -
with this virtual currency the internet
entrepreneurs the Winklevoss brothers
here they're currently billionaires
because a Bitcoin this youngster a
teenager is now a millionaire - after
investing a small sum from his grandma
just a few years ago and the man who is
said to be behind bitcoin he reportedly
holds something like 17 billion dollars
worth not bad but it's not been plain
sailing for everybody in fact there are
quite a few sob stories - we can have a
look at some of them a man threw away
thousands of Bitcoin when his hard drive
broke back in 2013 thinking that they
were worthless a very costly mistake
then there was a man who paid 10,000
Bitcoin for two pizzas a few years ago
another costly
and then this man was jailed for money
laundering after he sold his Bitcoin to
a person involved in illegal drugs well
for more now on the pros and cons Neil
Harvey was joined by two heavy hitters
in the field I am sure that it is a
bubble in fact it's probably the biggest
bubble I've ever seen in my career as an
investor and I've seen quite a few
bubbles and I'm familiar with this
psychology that surrounds them
you know Bitcoin it took a rocket ship
up and it's gonna come down even faster
bitcoin is not a bubble bitcoin actually
is the pin it's a pin that's popping the
legacy financial systems bubble over a
printing of money over valuation of
starts the beauty of it the supporters
say it's decentralized it's everything
that banks aren't you know the Bitcoin
itself is not the technology it could be
the reward but you don't need Bitcoin to
have a blockchain there are all these
other crypto currencies that have block
chains and they don't use Bitcoin and
you can use block chains for anything
Nick what about the 50 little consensus
the law only the largest largest
blockchain is the only one that matters
the one that does the most no present
the most people that is the one that's
most trustworthy yeah thus more if you
can have a blockchain in your pocket and
not have now but a model or algorithm
work and meaning you don't have any
miners and you don't have any consensus
it doesn't mean anything it's just a
really really slow data but what and
that's what it is
but what is it what is the value what is
the inherent value of a Bitcoin what is
what can you do with a Bitcoin to make
it worth 17 thousand dollars if I have
one Bitcoin look what can I use it for
what can I do with it you could buy
anything as a matter of fact yeah I
could buy gold at a discount I go to
Pat's Volcom and I could buy gold at at
this guy go buy gold at 60% off with
Bitcoin the situation we're in now how
dangerous is it you know where people
are remortgaging and spending savings on
Bitcoin look it is very dangerous
quick because right now the only reason
that people are buying Bitcoin is
because the price is going up and what
it turns around then they're gonna be
selling it for the same reason
