well only because I went to the best
colleges for college I went to I had a
situation where as a very excellent
student came out made billions and
billions of dollars became one of the
top business people went to television
and for 10 years was a tremendous
success as you probably have heard ran
for president one time and one and then
I hear this guy that does it not know me
doesn't know me at all by the way did
not interviewed me for 3
he said he interviewed me for 3 hours in
the White House it didn't exist ok it's
in his imagination and what I was
heartened by because I talk about fake
news and the fake news media was I
really was the fact that so many of the
people that I talk about in terms of
fake news actually came to the defense
of this great administration and even
myself because they know the author and
they know he's a fraud and when I saw
some of the people say and you look at
some of his past books he did a book on
Rupert Murdoch it was a terrible expose
and it was false so much of it was false
I considered a work of fiction
