an emergency UN Security Council meeting
to discuss the mass anti-government
protests that engulf Iran has finished
up in New York the session was called by
Washington which was voiced which has
voiced its strong support for the
demonstrators artis Caleb Maupin tells
us what was said during the meeting
the meeting was called by the United
States an emergency meeting of the 15
member body that leads the UN the
Security Council and essentially the USA
spoke and then many other countries
spoke and many of them questioned
whether or not the the meeting itself
was even valid now the meeting opened
with nikki Haley she is the
representative of the United States and
she voiced strong support for the
Iranian protesters calling them
courageous talking about the USA quotes
standing in solidarity with the Iranian
protest she also went on a tirade
against the Iranian government the
United States stands unapologetically
with those in Iran who seek freedom for
themselves prosperity for their families
and dignity for their nation we will not
be quiet
no dishonest attempt to call the
protesters puppets of foreign powers
will change that if the founding
principles of this institution mean
anything we will not only hear their cry
we will finally answer it
now immediately following the remarks
from nikki Haley representing the USA we
then heard from the representative of
France and France is a country that
generally agrees with the United States
in UN Security Council proceedings
however if you heard what the French
representative had to say he wasn't
exactly agreeing with nikki Haley he
emphasized the importance of the nuclear
agreement between the p5 plus 1
countries and Iran remaining intact and
he talked about how this is really an
internal matter and Iran should please
you don't you let box know with you mr.
president it is up to the Iranians and
to the Iranians alone to pursue peaceful
dialogue a dialogue based on full
respect for the fundamental rights and
freedoms of the Iranian people we must
react appropriately to what's been going
on in other words we must ensure
that we remain watchful and vigilant
about what is happening during these
peaceful protests following that we
heard from other members of the
15-member body we heard from China other
countries and we heard from the Russian
representative now the Russian
representative questioned why this
meeting was taking place as this was
unrest in Iran and then emphasized the
importance of stability in the region
and opposing the spread of terrorism and
why it was probably not a good idea for
foreign countries to be escalating and
promoting unrest in Iran we should thank
Washington in this case since America's
energetic and provocative messages to
the Iranian people have brought them
closer together in their anti-american
feelings we get the impression that some
logically unexplainable allergies
keeping the u.s. blind to a rational
evaluation of what is happening in the
country they simply want to believe what
they're saying is true now in addition
to the 15 members of the Security
Council because the meeting directly
related to issues in Iran the Islamic
Republic of Iran was able to then
address the Security Council meeting now
the Iranian representative he talked
about how Iran is a a democratic country
in his view and argued that people in
Iran do have the right to protest
however they don't have the right to do
so violently he then talked about how
there have been instances of violence in
the recent protests and pointed to the
USA being involved in fomenting these
acts of violence and talk about the
history of us meddling in Iran's affairs
he went into quite a bit of detail now
the meeting ended after we heard from
the Iranian representative and there
were no further speeches now no
resolution was put forward or passed on
the meeting kind of ended unconcluded of
the meeting why did this meeting take
place questions were raised on the floor
about whether this was a legitimate
meeting of the Security Council at all
and people are wondering exactly what
will happen next as we continue to hear
support for these protests in Iran by
leaders of the United States earlier we
were joined by political animal
stated commentator shibir Hassan Ali who
believes those who want to ferment a
civil war in Iran will not be successful
I think those people who said that this
is an internal Iranian issue are
absolutely correct because it is the
protest started beauty because of
economic problems people are a little
bit upset with certain economic policies
with the price of things this that and
the other and you had telegram accounts
by the barrel load targeting Iran
teaching people how to make Molotov
cocktails had to make IEDs how to
assassinate people this is not normal
and then all of a sudden you have trump
and nikki haley and all these people
coming along and saying that you know
the we stand with the people of Iran
this is America Israel Saudi Arabia
interfering at least from a distance
within Iran's internal affairs so to
create a serious style civil war inside
Iran while it is the wet dream of people
like Mohammed bin Salman and Netanyahu
with their allies being trying to do
stuff out of Kurdistan and other places
this is not going to happen
Iran is far more resilient and the
government is wiser and more importantly
the world is wiser
