Saudi Arabia phonies had come to
international pressure last month to
temporarily reopen a key port in Yemen
to allow in supplies of food and fuel
the blockade had been seen as worsening
what the UN calls the world's biggest
humanitarian crisis but as far as locals
are concerned littles changed since the
ports reopened
if the blockade isn't lifted we won't be
able even to imagine its consequences
humanitarian organizations have already
warned of the worst catastrophe in the
history of the Yemeni people
we don't know where to get livelihood we
on the brink of begging for food people
die from starvation I have nothing else
to say it's cheaper to die and it's
better than living like this
the Saudis have been leading a military
campaign in Yemen since 2015 backing the
government against Houthi uprising but
nearly three years of conflict and the
closure of that port have plunged the
country in the world's largest famine
and cholera crisis Ahmed Bank MC from
Human Rights Watch believes the
temporary thing about blockade will do
little to improve the humanitarian
catastrophe now in that country far as
we know that decisions tended to reopen
at the port of per day that's
temporarily the flow remains slow but
importantly or crucially they should be
no 30-day window because that's what the
coalition said I mean it has been
emphasized repeatedly by the whole human
rights and humanitarian community that
the port of today that needs to be open
to commercial and humanitarian Goods .
that's it
there should be no condition or timeline
to that I mean keeping such Goods
blocked and therefore endangering the
lives of civilians including women and
children this is a violation of
international humanitarian law you can't
say I'll stop violating the laws of war
but during the limited period of time
and with conditions which is basically
what the saudi-led coalition is saying
right now the the coalition's
restrictions on Eid and essential goods
to Yemen's civilians are worsening the
in the catastrophe the numbers we know
from UN sources are just horrifying last
year UN said that 6.8 million Yemeni
civilians were on the brink of famine
now it's more than 8 million
