Israel is ready to offer African
immigrants money to force them out of
the country or else they could face jail
officials estimate that around 60,000
people have crossed the border from
Egypt in recent years and a third of
those have already been deported the
Israeli prime minister has labeled them
infiltrators and said force will be used
unless they comply today the cabinet
will approve the plan for deporting the
infiltrators from Israel we're doing
something here there's completely legal
and completely essential the
infiltrators have a clear choice
cooperate with us and leave voluntarily
respectively humanely and legally or
we'll have to use other legal tools at
our disposal
I hope they choose to cooperate with us
earlier I debated the issue with writer
and political commentator I'm Vic door
yes keen and Gideon Levy from the her
etsy newspaper in Israel we face the
problem so-called problem of some 37,000
asylum seekers refugees who are left
here part of them have children here
they should stay here they have to stay
here no human regime would expel them
and if Israel is going to expel them by
force it will be one of the most
shameful steps that Israel had ever
taken not less than this they are not
refugees they're criminals who crossed
the border illegally not only but you
can talk about asylum seekers when the
people come from their country to
another country to save their lives they
well they they've done quite a long way
they didn't want to stay in Egypt for
example for some reason they want to
benefit from our rich from our merciful
Society now people like Eden Levy who
are ultra liberal radical bourgeois they
live in pure white neighborhoods of Tel
Aviv where they have no problems but the
government of Israel is here to protect
the citizens of Israel and the people in
porn
aber who's at maple woods are suffering
tremendously from this invasion of
criminals who entered the country now
some of them of course behaved fine this
is exactly the way that they spoke with
the surtees in some European countries
they change the nature of the country 67
South people are change the nature of a
country of nine million people
I mean how race I said that poor people
say that neighborhoods terrible problem
we cannot accept any illegal immigrants
no one no more no more and we are
sending them to the places where they
will be safe with money in their pocket
with the money which they earned 80% of
the eretrians in Europe are recognized
as refugees in Israel less than 1% how
can you call it but racism those people
are fighting for the lives Israel as a
refugee society can absorb 37,000 people
and it's unbelievable how can a Jew dare
to speak in such a racist way but that's
Israel
