the u.s. and South Korea have agreed to
suspend joint military drills during the
upcoming Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang
let's go to our T's Kaleb - for the
latest on this hi there Caleb so the the
Winter Games are coming up next month in
just over a month's time that's usually
when these particular drills happen but
it's going to be later is that right yes
we've now heard that US President Donald
Trump has agreed to suspend these
military exercises during the Olympic
Games now this is coming as quite a
surprise and quite an interesting turn
of events as we heard the opposite from
US leaders and from South Korea's
president this is this is Rex Tillerson
speaking with the South Korean president
just before when they said that these
games would not that this the drills
would not be suspended this is a
previous statement it is possible for
South Korea in the u.s. to review the
possibility of postponing the exercises
I've made such a suggestion to the US
and the u.s. is currently reviewing it
these exercises have been ongoing for
many years I'm not aware of any plans to
change what is scheduled now the turn of
events is certainly intriguing at this
point we've heard that there had been
five phone calls between the leaders of
North Korea and the leaders of South
Korea regarding North Korea's
participation in the upcoming games now
we know about the statement from the
North Korean leader about the fact that
he has a nuclear button on his desk and
we know about Donald Trump's tweet in
response but now we do see that Donald
Trump is taking credit for the fact that
South Korea and North Korea are talking
now people are still reacting to Donald
Trump's tweet about nuclear button being
bigger and such however you know Donald
Trump at this point is saying that he
takes credit for North Korea and South
Korea talking and now we hear this
report about the suspension of the games
during the Olympic Games of the
suspension of the military drills during
the Olympic Games so it's quite an
interesting turn of events the world is
looking at the Korean Peninsula and
waiting to see what happens next our T's
Caleb - live from New York City brings
us right up to date on that thing
