Donald Trump's lawyers they threaten
legal action against former adviser
Steve Bannon he reportedly made
explosive comments about Trump family
members in a new tell-all book about the
president well Trump earlier publicly
lashed out at his former right-hand man
he said that Bannon had lost his mind
and had only worked for his own interest
and was never part of trumps in a circle
the White House press secretary then
added even more fuel to the fire was
furious news reports first came out and
was quoted as saying I think furious
disgusted would probably certainly fit
when you make such outrageous claims and
completely false claims against the
president his administration and his
family well the spat is over what Bannon
reportedly revealed to the author of a
book called fire and fury inside the
Trump White House he's quoted as saying
that a meeting between members of trumps
camp and a Russian lawyer during his
election campaign was treasonous and
unpatriotic and he also allegedly hits
out at the president's daughter Ivanka
Trump - Steve Bannon left the White
House in August a year after joining
Trump's election team as his chief
strategist Bannon was a pivotal figure -
for the president through his campaign
right up to taking office legal and
media analysts though Lionel thinks that
Trump's reaction is par for the course
there's a simple rule if you don't go
after Trump he doesn't bother you go
after him in any way insult him
criticize him take him to task and he's
on you with a death grip you've never
seen does anybody think that anybody in
the Trump administration cares one iota
about this I mean it's what it does is
it throws the mainstream media the
Washington press corps and the
mainstream media news troops it throws
them into disarray which Trump thrives
on and after he's done with banning he's
going to say something about France or
Italy or or some his neighbor his son
this is his pattern does anybody not pay
attention
Trump thrives on this he loves this
meanwhile with his first anniversary in
office approaching the US president has
been talking up his economic record in
typical Trump style economic miracle
created more than two million jobs
unemployment is at a 17-year low the
stock market is at an all-time high
fantastic for the economy our economy
has already surged to three percent
growth unemployment is at a 17-year low
liberated the American economy our
economy is doing fantastically well
