well BIA Tehran Palestine or North Korea
president Trump has made Twitter his
go-to platform to get his messages
across
but as RT she go she Donna F now
explains all too often his post to lead
to some very real and violent
consequences Christmas the new year even
the seasonal holidays haven't put the
brakes on Trump's Twitter train in 2018
Pakistan got it first the United States
has foolishly given Pakistan more than
thirty three billion dollars in aid over
the last 15 years and they have given us
nothing but lies and deceit
thinking of our leaders as fools they
give safe haven to the terrorists we
hunt in Afghanistan with little help no
more no love lost there trump's
administration has been walloping
pakistan for months but it's not like
anything in particular happened on
Monday to trigger the backlash but to
say this tweet got Islamabad an edge
would be an understatement three
ministers including the Prime Minister
the army the Navy and Air Force chiefs
all converged for an emergency security
meeting following Trump's post the US
ambassador was summoned for an
explanation as protesters burnt American
flags in the streets then it was the
turn of Iran
one of the biggest thorns in Donald
Trump's side Iran is failing at every
level despite the terrible deal made
with them by the Obama administration
the great Iranian people have been
repressed for many years they are hungry
for food and for freedom along with
human rights the wealth of Iran is being
looted time for change the Islamic
Republic has been erupting in rallies
and riots as people have been swarming
the streets both against and in support
of the government people died the tweet
hasn't gone unnoticed in Iran urging
against the violence President rouhani
denied Trump the right to sympathise
with the nation well when done with the
Middle East Trump couldn't help but pay
the classic Twitter tribute to his one
and only Rocketman
sanctions and other pressures are
beginning to have an impact on North
Korea
soldiers are dangerously fleeing to
South Korea Rocketman now wants to talk
to South Korea for the first time
perhaps that's good news
perhaps not we will see well apparently
this was Donald Trump's knee-jerk
reaction to South Korea offering to hold
high-level talks with the north after
Pyongyang suggested the countries should
meet to discuss the next Olympics it's
not government policy it's the it's
their ravings of a person who speaks
before thinking or tweets before
thinking you know one would hope that
the people on the receiving end of these
things would take them with a grain of
salt because you know Trump may say
those things but he can't act on them
because he's got a whole bureaucracy
behind him that doesn't agree with them
so but it's very destabilizing and and I
think it's undermining US ability to
negotiate solutions to problems
so whatever policy Donald Trump is
concocting stirring trouble and Twitter
is something that is going to stay
Eagers done of our tea
