20:17 did see world-changing events but
it was also a year that was sometimes
harder to tell fact from fiction
the term fake news swirled around global
news coverage more than ever last year
Chattanooga now explains what propelled
it into the mainstream fake news the
term that has filled the headlines and
your social media feeds for the past 12
months has been deemed 2017 s word of
the year at least by Collins dictionary
the nation relies on me to read truthful
facts and I can't say that sandwiches
have gone on strike three two one
tonight's news stories are thick it's
thick and the mainstream media would
have you believe that fake news goes
hand in hand with topics such as Russia
Putin and the Kremlin fake news that's
being spread by Russia fake news has
dominated the true headlines fake news
spread by Russia fake news fake news
Kremlin spread misleading or otherwise
fake news certain outlets even took the
battle against the fake news phenomenon
to the front lines this is an apple some
people might try to tell you that it's a
banana you might even start to believe
that this is a banana but it's not this
is an apple
facts first should go without saying but
the mainstream media have found
themselves in the wrong on a staggering
amount of occasions even CNN has been
guilty of it they were forced to retract
the report on a connection between
Anthony scary Moochie who was on Trump's
transition team on a Russian investment
fund manager issuing an apology for the
false story three people lost their jobs
over that one then of course there was
the breaking news run in September by
most major outlets in the u.s. dropping
the bombshell that the Russians had
attempted to hack the election systems
in 21 states caught red-handed
it was the evidence everyone had been
waiting for to prove the Russians did it
until one by one states came forward
saying no hack here and the story of
2017 quickly crumbled on to December and
some of America's most influential news
outlets spread another explosive and
100% false news story to millions yes
the WikiLeaks token of help to the Trump
campaign and the hacked DNC emails
WikiLeaks equals Russia therefore one
plus one equals three and the Kremlin
and Trump are in cahoots message sent in
the final stretch of the 2016 campaign
this email on September 4th it gave
Donald Trump his son and others the
decryption key for hacked WikiLeaks
documents illusion questioned right
because WikiLeaks was essentially acting
as an agent of Russian intelligence the
media frenzy was however short-lived the
files had in fact not been handed over
before being made public but after so
not the knockout blow to the president
they were all hoping for surprisingly
though the whole story was based on one
email from a random guy and somewhere in
the build-up to the revelation hitting
the headlines numerous people had read
the date incorrectly the list of fakes
goes on and on especially fresh ice
somehow in the mix inflammatory claims
centering on Russia are some of the best
clickbait out there and that's despite
one major outlet being caught admitting
the hype was all just a big red herring
what do you think is gonna happen this
weekend with all Russia thing
nothing really so perhaps the word of
the year should be anonymous I grabbing
headlines and allegations quickly turn
to guilt despite no evidence all it
takes is anonymous sources
