Friday has been declared another day of
Rage following president Trump's
unilateral decision to recognize
Jerusalem as the Israeli capital these
are the latest pictures from West Bank
cities Trump also intends to relocate
the u.s. embassy to Jerusalem the plans
have sparked global condemnation with
protests held around the world an
overwhelming majority at the UN General
Assembly voted to reject the move while
numerous countries are now calling to
recognize East Jerusalem as the capital
of the Palestinian state the u.s.
decision ends decades of American
neutrality on one of the most complex
issues in the region as both Israel and
Palestine have claims on Jerusalem well
the US ambassador to Israel has said
Palestinians overreacted to Donald
Trump's decision in an ugly and
anti-semitic way meanwhile it's been
revealed Washington proposed to make a
small West Bank village the Palestinian
capital as part of a bigger peace plan
artis Paulus later visited the village
called Abu Dis this is a neighborhood of
Jerusalem that is home to some 12,000
people and which has been under Israeli
occupation since 1967 it is also being
offered as the future capital of a state
now that is according to the former head
of Hamas is Maha Nia American the United
States offered to give the Palestinian
Authority a capital entity in the Abu
Dis area far from Jerusalem so there is
a bridge linking a Buddhist and the
al-aqsa mosque it's also part of the
peace plan that is being presented by
the Saudis and it does seem plausible if
you remember that President Trump is
planning to move his embassy to
Jerusalem but if you swing across here
and you see the security the Israeli
security barrier which runs through the
middle of a Buddhist it begs the
question how can a place like this serve
as the capital of a future Palestinian
state in theory it is possible to have
direct access from a Buddhist to the
Muslim holy sites in the distance in the
old city and there is a plan that is
being put forward to build a bridge from
here to the Alex
pound which is the third holiest site in
Islam without that access that would be
a conversation stopper but it is hard to
believe that Palestinians would support
this we want Jerusalem to be for the
Palestinians not just for the Israelis
now home is here our life is here they
can hold a holy place in the name of
atheist in the name of capitalism or
democracy there is no names you have to
be holy to hold the Holy Name whatever
the future of this village
one thing is clear president Trump's
decision to move his embassy to
Jerusalem will have far-reaching
consequences what Trump is suggesting is
exactly the Israeli thinking Americans
are reading only reading the Israeli
plan to the area don't want really a
state in the West Bank and if they want
to have a state make it in Gaza and
enlarge Gaza for that purpose and they
will continue to control Jerusalem they
will continue to control the borders of
the West Bank and they will continue to
control as well northern sixty percent
of the West Bank area and I don't think
that the Palestinian would agree at any
time or any Palestinian leader would
agree at any time to what the Americans
and the Israeli are offering the general
secretary of the Palestinian national
initiative told us the continued
protests show how determined
Palestinians are the young people are
gathering and there will be more
demonstrations and this is the fourth
week of demonstrations the anticipation
of the Israelis and the Americans that
everything will stop in two three days
was not right there are actually
demonstrations all over Palestine today
and this resembles our determination to
adopt popular nonviolent resistance as
our form of resistance to demand our
rights to demand our freedom the issue
of Jerusalem
only an opening to the main issue which
is the freedom of Palestinian this is
becoming a popular nonviolent resistance
that is becoming a style of life and it
includes other activities like boycott
of Israeli products like diplomatic
actions in the United Nations and in
other places the people do not
understand that what we've seen in
Palestine is a transition from being
obsessed with failing this process into
understanding that we need to change the
balance of power through nonviolent
resistance and boycott divestment
sanctions we've also followed the story
of a palestinian boy who spent 20 days
in an israeli prison
I was an area where there were
confrontations and a demonstration to
reject Trump's decision when we were
attacked with sound cannons and gas
bombs I had no choice but to run away
I never hit me my chest with a weapon
and I was thrown on the ground then a
group of 23 soldiers attacked me they
tied my hands and blindfolded me so I
could not see anything the beat and
insulted me
they hit us for several minutes the hits
us on the feet and hands I lost one of
my shoes and took the other one and
poured such cold water my fault
