the thing with artificial intelligence
is the same with the internet really by
the time we realized how transformative
it is it's too late and it's already
changed everything and I think it might
be the same with artificial intelligence
I mean it's out of the bottle
it's improving at a remarkable speed
lots of people are competing over it
there's wonderful opportunities here for
those that working in our intelligence
to improve people's lives but it's not
going to be possible to stop it or even
slow it down so we have to start
thinking about what the consequences of
it are going to be and I don't think
anyone really understands them yet when
people talk about artificial
intelligence though they often missed
the point
they think it's about conscious machines
or sentient robots or you know a bit
like the movies people marching with
guns and suffer that isn't it at all
it's about the ability of machines to
replicate human decision-making and
vastly more efficient scale there are a
growing number of people in Silicon
Valley that suddenly understand that
this is really serious that actually we
could be heading to an awful lot of
social disruption dislocation you know
frustration anger
high levels of unemployment and if
people don't deal with that and if
political parties aren't thinking about
the consequences of that then the future
looks really bleak
