a UN refugee agency spokesperson has
confirmed the number of Syrian refugees
in Lebanon has dropped below a million
for the first time in recent years
that's after significant victories in
the fight against Islamic state
let's discuss it further here on the
program are now joined live by Lisa I
will colored a spokesperson for the UN
High Commissioner for Refugees ELISA
thanks for coming on the program with us
here on Rt today it does sound like good
news that what are the the main reasons
for this drop in refugee numbers in
Lebanon thanks for having me so UNHCR
conduct regular verification exercises
and it's a core practice of our work to
always look into the data that we have
on refugees who are registered with our
agency in Lebanon and since 2015 when
the Lebanese government has requested
UNHCR to stop registration activities
for Syrian refugees we've seen a gradual
drop in the numbers of the refugees
registered with our agency however today
it's the first time and since April 2014
that the number drops below 1 million we
believe there could be a number of
reasons behind this drop in during these
verification exercises that we conduct
and when we find that a family or a
refugee is no longer in the country we
try to reach out to them but after we
can't find them or after we learn from
relatives or neighbors that they've
moved on we cancel or we inactivate
their files from our data some families
or some refugees have moved on to third
countries either through UNHCR
resettlement programs or through
different opportunities some have taken
in 2015 we've seen this phenomenon some
have taken the maritime route to reach
European countries seeking better
opportunities and better conditions some
have passed away of natural causes in
Lebanon and some may have returned to
Syria at least the bring that bring us
back to the numbers if you would please
how many people again have already
returned and how likely is it those
numbers will increase in 2017 UNHCR
estimates that a few thousands of Syrian
refugees from Lebanon have returned to
Syria we don't have specific numbers or
we can't have an accurate
figure today however I mean we know that
most Syrian refugees in Lebanon the vast
majority want to return to Syria when
conditions become safe for them to
return in safety and indignity a lot of
refugees have expressed that however
many are still awaiting for safety and
for stability in their areas of origin
and Syria in order to return to these
areas well as you well know many many
cities across Syria have been left in a
state of devastation should the
international community take the lead in
rebuilding them and restoring proper
living conditions and and who should
join them in that effort well yes
absolutely
and when the situation calms down even
more and becomes more stable in Syria a
lot of the development support that is
going to other countries in the region
will also be directed back to Syria in
order for the international community to
support in the rebuilding of this
country which would also help or support
refugees who are returning there or even
internally displaced people inside Syria
are returning to their villages and
towns and cities UNHCR has also started
scaling up its activities inside Syria
as have other UN agencies to support
internally displaced people who have
returned to their towns and to support
refugees also who are returning from
countries in the region now there are
still potentially large numbers of
refugees from Syria in Lebanon you
mentioned just a few moments ago that a
number of refugees have actually passed
away could you describe are the living
conditions in the refugee camps and did
those conditions impact on the number of
deaths
well the number of deaths that I
mentioned I mean it's mostly related to
natural causes however the conditions
the living conditions of Syrian refugees
and Lebanon are extremely difficult and
we know today that over 76% of Syrian
refugees in Lebanon live below the
poverty line they live on less than 3.8
US dollars a day and over half also live
below the extreme poverty line on less
than $3 a day
refugees are barely keeping afloat in
Lebanon they can barely even afford to
buy the necessities they can't even
access the basic needs that they need to
cover so we know unfortunately that many
also live in substandard conditions and
in winter their conditions or their
situation is exacerbated and they need
much more support in order to keep going
yeah we understand according to UN
figures their program to save refugees
in Lebanon from harsh weather conditions
ie the winter was only 63 percent funded
for example the aim was to help 4
million people how do you help 4 million
4 million people in the region that is
correct and in Lebanon we are also
trying to reach the highest number
possible of refugees winter is a
impossibly difficult period for most
Syrian refugees in Lebanon or in Jordan
or even in other countries in the region
as I mentioned before they live in tents
they live in garages they live in
substandard conditions they live in
unfinished buildings they need all the
support they can get they're already in
debt they are already poor and
vulnerable and without the lifeline that
is winter assistance or winter support
that we are providing together together
with other agencies it could put their
lives at risk so we're trying our best
and were scrambling to assist vulnerable
refugees 4 million refugees in the
region and even affected hosting
communities like for Lebanese and
Lebanon with cash assistance to help
them through the harshest winter months
so they could buy fuel and other
studies like blankets food and even
medicine because we know that even more
diseases spread during the winter season
and refugees who live in elevated areas
are prone to very difficult weather
conditions all right Lisa Abu Khaled a
spokesperson for the UN High
Commissioner for Refugees thank you very
much for your time today
thank you
