breaking news from the russian city of
st. petersburg security services say an
improvised explosive device may have
caused the explosion at a local
supermarket the force of the blast is
thought to have been equivalent to about
200 grams of TNT the device was
apparently filled with objects aimed at
causing as much damage as possible
emergency services say 10 people have
been taken to hospital Russia's
Investigative Committee says it will
consider all possible causes of the
blasts this is how one eyewitness
described what he saw as I got closer
the street was already on lockdown and
there were many ambulances and fire
fighters I saw injured people being
carried out of the supermarket I live
500 meters down the road and from this
distance I heard the sound of the
explosion I'll have more updates
analysis on that top news story as soon
as we can in other headlines though the
German security services have identified
a female terror Network aggressively
spreading Islamist ideology online
Arty's maria van oceania reports on ISIL
recruitment in Europe that's not for the
first time what we see women actively
involved in promoting jihadist views we
have been here in reports about Isis
female recruiter since at least 2014
those are wives of a killed his Lama
k-state's fighters who decided after the
death of their husbands to somehow
continue that fight but now Germany says
that their number is on a constant
dramatic rise the women are now ideology
promoters the men have realized that
women can Network much better and are
therefore more capable of expanding the
scene in this most recent case Germany
identified what they called the Islamist
terrorist Women's Network consisting of
at least 40 what they call sisters who
follow an ultraconservative branch of
Islam known as salafism and spread
extremist views via internet
particularly targeting so-called
non-believers the German authorities
stressed that it would be wrong to equal
salafism to terrorism but at the same
time they add that it could be potential
breeding ground for terror
all over Europe including here in
Germany especially following last year's
Berlin terror attack Christmas has
certainly become the time for extra
concerns and worries over security
because Christians and their faith and
their holidays and everything that is
connected to it including Christmas
markets that are now operating and will
be open for the next week at least
all over Europe have repeatedly been
targeted by Islamist so it has been bet
for quite some time but now fears are
increasing with a number of those who
share Salafi views here in Germany rose
to an all-time high according to the
country's Intelligence Agency Germany
sees it as a direct result of Isis
dramatic losses in the Middle East and
as a consequence a rising number of
returnees to Europe including women and
now they say that with the defeat of
so-called Islamic state in Syria and
Iraq Europe's security could be as
fragile as never before and after the
fall of Islamic state in Syria and Iraq
more tales of horror are emerging of
life under the terrorists rule Kurdish
minority families in Iraq known as
Yazidis suffered capture and death or
enslavement senior correspondent Watauga
ZF has been speaking with some of the
families who managed to survive the
ordeal will have the full interviews for
you on Thursday in the meantime though
here's a preview of what's to come
I've got the number nursed we were
captured we spent two months in Iraq
then we were taken to Syria they made me
a slave we were put to work and held
where the troops were we were given one
hour a day to rest then I ran away they
caught me and locked me in a toilet for
three days without food or water I tried
to escape again and again but each time
I was caught beaten and severely
tortured they shot my friends we begged
them for mercy on our knees then we were
hit by an airstrike and I was concussed
my head still hurts I can't talk for
long I was pregnant but I was so
terrified that I lost my child my
husband and family were captured I was
left alone with my mother so I took
poison I decided it was better to die
when they caught me I thought that since
my family my husband and my house were
gone it would be better to die now in
2014 up to 10,000 UCD's were killed or
kidnapped by ISIL in just a matter of
days of those a third were executed
however the true scale of the tragedy
may never be fully known the testimonies
that have emerged suggest that many have
been tortured beheaded or even burnt
alive in many cases entire families were
captured together women and girls were
often sold as sex slaves while young
boys were forced to become ISIL fighters
some of them weren't even old enough for
school when they were forced to serve
the terrace
being sad wooden dagger my daughter was
five years old when she was captured
four years have passed since then so she
is nine we endured a lot of suffering my
brother escaped and I stayed at his
place then he died instant jar
I was desperate after his death and I
went to stay with my other brother he is
poor and has young children all girls
well let's go back to our top breaking
news story from the Russian city of st.
Petersburg as we said earlier Russian
security services say an improvised
explosive device may have caused that
incident at a local supermarket have got
Madinah caution ever hear me with me in
a studio live bring us what's been going
on Medina what's the latest you can tell
us reports coming in from Russia's
Investigative Committee which at the
moment says that it might have been the
it might have been the an improvised
explosive device and that device could
have caused this a blast that happened
just several hours hours ago at a local
supermarket in st. Petersburg now again
more information coming in from Russia's
Investigative Committee which says that
according to preliminary reports that
explosive device was filled with
unspecified objects now when we have
that as a fact it means that that
explosive device was meant to cause as
much damage as possible
and now the committee adds that the
force of the blast was equal to 200 TNT
now luckily we have no severe injuries
now we know that as for now 10 people
were injured by that blast and no one
really in any serious condition but all
of them were taken to hospitals and
we've got even an eyewitness that shared
his experience with us as I got closer
the street was already on lockdown and
there were many ambulances and
firefighters I saw injured people being
carried out of the supermarket I lived
500 meters down the road and from this
distance I heard the sound of the
explosion
now it is still unclear what was the the
motive behind this blast but committee
at the moment says that it will take
into account all possible versions of
what happened in st. Petersburg now of
course the surrounding area of the
supermarket was has been put on lockdown
and the building was immediately
evacuated and at the moment the the
search operation and the gathering of
evidence is underway it comes at a busy
pre holiday time into Petersburg doesn't
it many people presumably out are out
preparing for holidays as well of course
it has indeed I believe the busiest part
of the year for many people around the
world and of course people living in San
Petersburg it has no exception there and
we know that at the moment of the blast
there were thousands of visitors inside
that particular shopping center we're on
the first floor of the building that
super market where if the blast took
place was located so of course it might
have been a bit of a different tragedy
that happened but again a very
particular time of the year again very
very busy busy timing indeed thanks that
update Medina no doubt you'll keep a
close eye on what's been going on in
Sept Petersburg well let's bring in that
child Shoebridge a security analyst
former UK counterterrorism intelligence
officer as well good to have you on as
always Charles it's unclear exactly
what's happened at this stage it does
appear though increasingly likely an
improvised explosive device stuffed with
bull bearings are the sort of metal
objects projectiles was used I mean how
much damage could that have caused had
things you know we've gone even worse
with what ten people in hospital with no
severe injuries but really things could
have been a lot more severe well a lot
depends here on the nature of the device
of course the investigators at the scene
can quite quickly normally establish a
rough size for the blast or for the
explosives concerned in this case
they've estimated as your reporter said
that there were some 200 grams of high
explosive wraps around with shrapnel
nuts and bolts and some this is a
typical homemade even improvised
explosive device hence the term ie D but
it is in terms of terrorist attacks
particularly the ones we've seen
recently in Russia and elsewhere of
course in Europe and around the world
it's relatively small-scale attack 200
grams would equate to the rough
explosive content for example of a hand
grenade and therefore together with the
shrapnel that that would be surrounded
with that's not to downplay the impact
on the victims of course which is
terrible and can be of course fatal and
often is but indeed this could be indeed
either a small device that's gone off it
seems to be the suggestion or it could
have been a partial explosion of a
larger intended device more
investigation I think will be needed to
look at that and again as your reports
are quite correctly said it said at this
stage and needs emphasizing and indeed
as the Russian authorities seem to be
stating quite quite authoritative Lee at
the moment that the motivation for this
attack or this blast appears unclear for
example it could even have been a
situation where a device intended for
use against another target was left in a
bag at a shopping shopping centre as
indeed often shoppers in countries such
as Russia Ukraine and East Europe for
viewers elsewhere it's often a
requirement I think people don't know
that when you go into these supermarkets
and shops you do often have to leave
your bag in a locker at the entrance and
it might be that this shop wasn't even
the intended target a lot still remains
to be seen
absolutely and I believe local media
reported initially at least around 4045
minutes ago that this explosion did take
place in or around the locker as you
mentioned in the supermarket just in
terms of sort of modus operandi though
here Charles if we look at back at the
history of terrorism in Russia the last
major attack also tragically in the city
of st. Petersburg involving a large much
larger device a much larger number of
victims both killed and injured if I
remember correctly involving a suicide
bomber as well suicide bombings have
been used in Russia in the past
what did what could this device have
been intended to achieve and how
different is this to the modus operandi
of either suicide bombers
or using quite large explosive devices
you mentioned it was the size of a hand
grenade yeah absolutely but we must
remember of course that terrorism keeps
all options open to it I mean different
perpetrators even if they're acting in
the same cause and for example and I
give it only as an example is or Islamic
state for example against which Russia
has been particularly effective in Syria
and elsewhere and of course therefore
provides a motive for an attack such as
this it could be to do with more restive
regions within the Russian Federation we
know there are problems for example from
Chechnya Dagestan and so on and and
elsewhere as indeed in in many countries
around the world and so it's difficult
to say what the motivation would be but
it was certainly terrorism as we've seen
can involve attacks that aren't even
including explosives or farms such as
knives cars lorries and so on and so
it's very important to keep an open mind
here and of course bearing in mind the
definition of terrorism which is widely
accepted and although albeit not
universally as being violence that is
carried out with a political or perhaps
also a religious motive this may not
even turn out to be terrorism as defined
in that way
it could be for example a criminal act
something perhaps with a commercial or
an economic background everything could
still be open and you're quite right to
say that the modus operandi here the use
of an explosive device like this which
may even turn out to be a grenade when
it's properly analyzed which of course
are widely available in countries such
as Russia where military forces are
quite large and where in the past there
have been incidents of where military
equipment such as this hasn't been
properly accounted for it this means
that from the mo itself the modus
operandi
it doesn't really point us in any
particular direction when it comes to
motivation but I'm sure the police and
the intelligence services in particular
will have some handle on this and it may
be that they're already working on
suspects to be arrested and don't forget
they've got the full range of
investigative tools such as CCTV
witnesses forensics and so on to guide
them in that process indeed and as you
say important to keep an open mind at
this stage Investigative Committee have
confirmed it's a improvised explosive
device but no calm
yet on whether it's officially been
labeled a terrorist act no official
comment yet and what the motive could be
just to ask about the timing of the
explosion
Charles have speaking to Medina just
earlier it's the middle of the holiday
season in Russia sort of the 25th to the
early days of January the longest
holidays of the year the most important
holidays of the year here in Russia
could this have been time to come inside
with people going about doing their
Christmas shopping
to maximize casualties if that was the
aim here
well almost certainly someone carrying
the device and planting it or putting it
somewhere where there are casualties
where there are large numbers of
civilians assuming that the and it is
only an assumption at stage that the
attack was intended and they let's say
the hold all of the device wasn't just
being left in a locker because it was on
trans in enroute in transit somewhere
else but even in that example it's
likely that it's going to be used
against a civilian target if it's in
those circumstances and of course at
this time of year as indeed other times
of year there are many many civilians
shoppers and so on around it's also
worth noting and of course the terrace
or even the criminals concerned
whoever's carried out this attack if
indeed that's what it turns out to being
as you say increasingly it does appear
to be this they know as well that an
attack like this has an impact that goes
well beyond the physical impact it
creates fear uncertainty and indeed of
course terror of course where the name
terrorism comes from and it's not just
in terms of the physical damage to
property and a physical injuries to
people difficult and of course upsetting
though those are and serious though they
are the impact of these attacks in terms
of psychology in terms of society of
course an uncertainty and fear goes
beyond that and I think people in person
Petersburg and elsewhere around Europe
will now be thinking more about
terrorist attacks in the future it's
something I wanted to ask you as well
Charles just particularly about the
psychological impact here because you
know as we said earlier it's not clear
yet if this is a terrorist attack
there's been no claim of responsibility
that we were they're still you know
looking for a suspect if there is a
suspect at large but how much of a
priority will the latter option be for
security services I mean a lot of them
will be analyzing the scene making sure
or the immediate scene in his court an
office closed off but in terms of
follow-up devices perhaps that could be
found all over the city will that be a
priority a line of Investigation for
security for intelligence to make sure
that there perhaps aren't other devices
around other public areas shopping
centers metros etc how much of a
priority will that be right now in st.
Petersburg yes you're absolutely right
this could be part of a much more
effective campaign small devices of
course are magnified many times over
even if one or two other ones are used
simply because it spreads the fear
factor the uncertainty of any public
place being a possible target that's
always the case of course in this day
and age but of course it's very much
more in the public mind when an instant
like this happens even should it turn
out to be criminally motivated it still
doesn't mean of course that people
aren't afraid they're going to get
caught up in this kind of activity and
it reminds them of the more political
politically motivated terrorism that is
everywhere around West East and Central
Europe and indeed the rest of the world
at the present time certainly I think
the police will be relieved the more
time that goes on from this that would
suggest it's not part of a coordinated
series of attacks although as you say
that may well still prove to be the case
but the police focus in this event
just in case of that eventualities but
in any case anyway will be to quickly
identify the perpetrators in this case
and I suspect there will be quite a
wealth of forensic evidence left at the
scene in terms of fragments of the
device in terms of explosive traces in
terms of fingerprints fibers DNA and of
course CCTV as well as perhaps mobile
phone records that may point the police
and security services in the direction
of a suspect or suspects even if and I
suspect it isn't a case even if they
don't have an idea in advance or at
least after the event of the people that
may be concerned and don't forget of
course the Russian police and security
services like many of their Western
counterparts have very effective
intelligence service intelligence
systems in place in terms of informants
eavesdropping phone monitoring and so on
and so it may be that at this very
moment that plans are going ahead to
arrest or perhaps have under
surveillance though
that carried out this attack where it
was criminal or terrorist in motivation
okay Charles Shoebridge their security
analyst and former UK counterterrorism
intelligence officer thanks for your
expert insight today here on RT good to
have you on the program with us as
always
