is holiday season and each culture does
put its own stamp on making this time of
year special the african-american
community there's also a relatively new
festival known as Kwanzaa although the
origins of it are a bit unusual it's
kind of mopping explains the holiday
season in the USA is rather intense
there's lots of shopping lots of TV
specials now with Christmas festivities
still underway Americans are waking up
to find Donald Trump sending out
greetings for yet another holiday today
marks the first day of Kwanzaa a
week-long celebration of
african-american heritage and culture
lets us celebrate the richness of the
past and look toward a brighter future
never heard of Kwanzaa don't worry
you're not alone according to a survey
taken in the last three years this
holiday seen as the African American
Christmas is actually only celebrated by
less than 3% of African Americans do you
celebrate Kwanzaa no I don't celebrate
Kwanzaa
I don't sort of kind of I tried not to
get too involved with so much hype of
all these different festivities you know
anything about the history is it
something you identify with I really
don't know I haven't really been exposed
to much about Kwanzaa I actually don't
think too much about it
I grew up celebrating Christmas you
think about Donald Trump sending out a
statement for Kwanzaa
you know today a lot of stuff that he
does is pretty hypocritical so nothing
he could surprise me now Kwanzaa has
been around for quite a long time it's
been endorsed by many presidents
including George W Bush and Barack Obama
the media covers it quite extensively
this time of year kids are a static for
the start of Kwanzaa Kwanzaa a holiday
that millions of people around the world
hold dear a secular celebration to honor
african-american and pan-african
heritage and values a week-long holiday
that inspires African Americans to take
pride in their cultural roots and
reinforced principles to live by see it
in a number of places whether it's MSNBC
whether it's the New York Times whether
it's the LA Times
there's fawning coverage of this event
as if it's a real event more coverage I
would dare say is given to
Kwanza considering how few adherents
there are then even Christmas and
Hanukkah
so what is Kwanzaa what is it all about
well the holiday was started back in
1966 by dr. Maulana Karenga he was a
black nationalist and he felt like the
holiday would strengthen the
african-american community and resist
the white majority I wanted to give
black people a holiday of their own so I
came up with Kwanzaa I said it was
African because you know black people in
this country wouldn't celebrate it if
they knew it was American now just five
years after he came up with Kwanzaa
Karenga actually went to prison for
torturing two of his female followers
now the media generally chooses to
ignore his jail term and his nationalist
views when they do coverage of the
holiday they also still invite him on to
talk about it however at this point
we've learned that not everyone in the
African American community is a big fan
of Kwanzaa there is no holiday in the on
the continent of Africa associated with
this set of events this is all made up
by a person who when the radicals in the
1960s the Black Panthers were operating
thought he was too radical for them and
he wasn't able to be a part of what they
were doing and he helped put this
forward as a way of distinguishing
himself and trying to build a greater
following African Americans have a
diverse and rich history but Kwanzaa
seems to have very little to do with it
many African Americans don't see a need
to celebrate what they consider to be an
artificial holiday Kaleb Maupin RT New
York
