a Saudi coalition airstrike has hit a
busy market in Yemen killing at least 40
people and just to warn viewers the
following images do contain some
disturbing scenes or dozens more
civilians were wounded in that bombing
raid in the west of the country many of
the victims are children
Saudi Arabia launched its intervention
in Yemen back in March 2015 to support
the government against Shia Houthi
rebels the campaign has claimed
thousands of lives
to discuss this further we can now bring
in durwood Carol a professor of
international law at Georgetown
University thanks for joining us sir
good to have you on the program these
incidents have become tragically common
really haven't they there's a market
been hit this time around we've also
seen schools hospitals sick of hit
during the Saudi bombardment I mean why
isn't there not more international
condemnation here of what's really going
on well I think the international
community particularly the members of
the International Security Council
United Nations Security Council
participants are accomplished in the
crimes that are being committed
unconscionable crimes are being
committed against defenseless people
civilian people in popular markets it is
absolutely unconscionable and if there
is any doubt that there are that these
acts constitute crimes against humanity
there should be at least some kind of
investigation when the Security Council
doesn't take the trouble of appointing a
committee to carry out a serious
investigation and take the necessary
measures it is an absolute and
unconscionable negligence on the part of
the Security Council there is no
justification on earth why this blood
lead continues going on against poor
civilians and for what what's the
purpose and how much was that achieved
of this purpose the Security Council was
brought into existence to prevent
violence and certainly settling disputes
through use of violence this was a
result death that this was the purpose
for which it existed when it doesn't do
its primary responsibility primary duty
it
- its effectiveness its undermines it's
it's the purpose for which it exists I I
blamed the international community
especially the five member countries of
the permanent member countries those who
have a way and they can do something at
the international level and they go to
me they are watching poor people being
destroyed killed maimed every day and
they don't do anything
you mentioned the Security Council you
mentioned the Security Council there
professor Corolla and there their
impotence if you like but one particular
member if I can draw attention to
because they are the biggest supporter
of the Saudi campaign in the United
States I'm sure as you know they
provided weaponry they provided
intelligence aviation fuel the whole
specter to make the bombing campaign
more effective why is that happening I
mean shouldn't Washington be more
concerned about the humanitarian
catastrophe that's happening in Yemen
absolutely Washington should be more
concerned and it bears more
responsibility than other countries why
because it is so close to Saudi Arabia
because it is the source of weapons that
are used in in Yemen and because it can
do much more and it doesn't I think what
the other party that I really would
blame is the media international media
and particularly the American media they
don't do what is necessary with bringing
to the attention of the public in
general the scope of these atrocities to
put an end to them to put some pressure
on responsible people I just don't
understand why the US is dormant on or
no not on it's an accomplice it's not
government and why is it doing this what
is the purpose that is being served in
these atrocities I don't know I really
feel so upset with what is going on
continuously going on and for what okay
professor of international law at
Georgetown universe
dude Corral thanks for your insight
today here on are the international good
to have you with us as a way
