Arty's muruga's leav spoke to a rocky
general Talib Kanani who was also
commander of joint anti-terror
operations about the future of Iraq
security after the defeat of Islamic
state in that country so let's get right
to it the victory over Isis is this a
total victory or is this a milestone but
with you know with the war still not
over first of all I would like to thank
RT for this opportunity I will talk
about the success of the Iraqi security
forces in fighting ISIL and other
terrorist groups our security forces
have successfully liberated our
territories that were previously seized
and defiled by ISIL terrorists well Isis
has promised an insurgency they say that
while they may may have been beaten on
the field their Caliphate may be in
ruins they say that they will now resort
the same terror tactics that they used
before before 2014 how will Iraq combat
them now successful operations carried
out by the Iraqi security forces
delivered a fatal blow to ISIL the
terrorists were defeated and driven out
of Iraq they failed to achieve their
goals our security forces are at the top
of their game they successfully drove
the terrorists out of our country
getting rid of them completely
well you've devoted much of your life to
serving in the Armed Services of Iraq to
your country's military how would you
say the army how would you rate the
Iraqi army now can you even compare the
army we had in 2014 to the army we have
now the Iraqi security forces gained
much experience at this conflict
especially during the past three years
fighting terrorists is no ordinary task
our security forces learn from their
mistakes and have accumulated valuable
experience now they are capable of
defeating any terrorist group their
morale has grown and they can control
any situation that may arise Oh
defeating Isis has come at an enormous
price for Iraq in terms of lives lost
the number of civilians that have been
killed
number of soldiers Iraqi soldiers that
have sacrificed their lives to beat -
the economy has taken a huge blow where
do you even begin to restore the economy
a prime minister the commander-in-chief
of the Armed Forces and all Araki
leaders keep talking about these steps
the next step after this significant
victory will be to restore our country
to rebuild the cities and towns that
were destroyed by ISIL this is in line
with the plan to restore everything that
was destroyed by ISIL
we have an action plan to rebuild all
the cities and stages ISIL terrorists
were destroying everything they found
here houses buildings roads bridges
everything that worked for the good of
the Iraqi people ISIL terrorists
destroyed all of it they blew it up this
defines the challenges we are facing at
this stage the challenges of having to
rebuild everything that's been destroyed
well judging by what senior Iraqi
officials from the prime minister to
various MPs to regional governors have
said Iraq wants to seriously fight
corruption which has been serious a
major problem in Iraq for for many years
do you think this is a battle that Iraq
can win of course the prime minister
said on multiple occasions that our
fight against corruption will be
relentless and that it will be the
continuation of our fight against ISIL
that our military is one we will
continue fighting our future battles
will be against corruption and our goal
is to drive it out of our country we
must put an end to corruption in Iraq
because terrorism and corruption are
closely connected terrorists are trying
to foster corruption in order to ruin
Iraq's economy therefore our prime
minister is undertaking political steps
that would rid Iraq of corruption and
corrupt officials with the help of Allah
and what about international relations
because Iraq has been at the floor at
the center of the global war against
Isis it is here that many of the
International jihadist had flocked from
all over the world here that they died
here that the Iraqi military destroyed
them as such you've had a lot of
experience in Internet
relations labor relations with many
countries talks cooperation assistance
how would you rate Iraq's international
relations now Iraq is developing good
relations with all countries around the
world since the beginning of our fight
in Iraq we called on the international
community to join our efforts to
eliminate terrorism thanks to our
cooperation with the countries of the
international coalition that supported
Iraq we managed to achieve a decisive
victory in the fight against terrorism
we have a special relationship with our
neighbor countries with the countries
from the region and the whole world they
helped us a lot to achieve this victory
yes Iraqi troops fought on the ground
but we received technical and
informational support from abroad thanks
to this we were able to win relatively
fast so our international relations are
good
well since I'm Russian it would be wrong
not to ask about Iraqi Russian relations
what level are they at and what
potential is there we have very good
relations with Russia they have a long
history the Iraqi army uses a lot of
weapons produced in Russia we continued
developing military and technical
cooperation with Russia we are
exchanging information about terror
groups it's a very important aspect of
our cooperation it allows us to fight
terrorists effectively especially those
that come from the former Soviet
countries because lots of terrorists or
jihadists as they're often called come
from the former Soviet countries we
fought those terrorists and captured
many of them a cooperation with Russia
here helped a lot and back on the topic
of sectarianism Iraq used to be very
very divided much more so than now along
ethnic religious lines do you think this
war against Isis has united Iraq has
brought the people of Iraq closer
together fight against ISIL especially
in Mosul was characterized by great
unity we were able to defeat the
terrorists because of this national
unity everybody stood up to fight all
Iraqis were united by our common goal to
liberate our country and to free it from
terrorists that national unity was
something that helped us to
she've a great victory and final
question
after everything Iraq has gone through
with Isis with terrorism all the
problems do you think you've learned the
lesson on radicalism on how to combat
radical Islam or radical sectarianism
you think Iraq has come out of this
stronger Iraq became stronger after this
decisive confrontation it was a great
challenge for the security forces and
for all Iraqis the terrorists wanted to
dismember Iraq they tried to fuel
hostility between the various
confessions but Iraqis were able to
unite because they understood that they
had a mutual goal to preserve the
integrity security and stability of the
country so that's why all the victories
United the Iraqi people made them
stronger more than ever
Iraqis understand they're building their
future in a united stable and safe Iraq
thank you very much we're very grateful
to you for receiving us in your home and
we wish you and your country the best of
luck thank you
