what a peculiar 24 hours on Twitter for
Julian Assange that first the WikiLeaks
found as a can't temporarily disappeared
then there was a cryptic tweet from the
US Navy which really added to the
confusion get to the bottom of it all I
responded but in a caution evident
Christmas morning arrives and Julian
Assange s Twitter account mysteriously
disappears well this is what anyone
trying to read his tweets was faced with
for much of the day an error message
saying sorry that page does not exist
well if you're not familiar with Twitter
that only appears when an account is
deleted rather than if it's been
suspended by either Twitter or the
account owner the vanishing act didn't
go unnoticed by others on Twitter and
that's when theories began to circulate
about what might have happened to
Assange s account my why would Twitter
ban Julian Assange when he was prepping
to drop something big whose Twitter
trying to protect by this drop of
information Julian Assange was kicked
off Twitter today because he dared to
expose the Democratic Party and the
Clinton crime family but I believe we
can now say without a shadow of a doubt
the DNC Clinton's had him murdered if
true Julian Assange going dark is an
extremely significant development
wouldn't want to be Hillary Clinton
right now Julian's account disappears so
haters and conspiracy theorists rush to
post the usual attention-seeking rubbish
ah
Twitter merry xmas people that's not the
end of the story because also that day
the US Navy fueled the conspiracists
with this tweets just two words Julian
Assange written in speech marks
well that tweet was deleted as swiftly
as it appeared but it was up long enough
for people to take a screen grab the
Navy's explanation was that one of their
Twitter team and advertently posted it
during a routine monitoring of trending
topics before taking it down again not
everyone was convinced by that
explanation though WikiLeaks also made a
vague reference to the
US Navy but concluded by saying that
despite all the excitement Julian
Assange's situation remains the same
despite some auditors from the US Navy
in Twitter today and increased physical
surveillance julian assange physical
situation at the embassy remains
unaltered confined without charge in
violation of two UN rulings requiring
the UK to set him free a Sanchez
timetable was timeline brother was later
restored but there has been no
explanation from either Twitter or mr.
Assange some suspect that he was being
some suspect that he was being prevented
from making new earth-shattering
revelations while others claim that the
restored account looks suspiciously
different from the one that was
temporarily taken down
