Switzerland may not be a member of the
European Union but its president
nontheless wants to hold a referendum on
her country's relationship with Brussels
a fundamental referendum would have
Switzerland clarify his relationship
with the European Union the bilateral
path is important we have to know in
which direction to go well Switzerland
and Brussels fell out last week when a
year you decided to set a one-year limit
on Swiss Stock Exchange's access to the
EU extending it will now depend on
whether there's progress negotiating a
so-called framework treaty between them
Switzerland is not an EU member but it
is part of the visa free travel area
known as the Schengen zone and it has
strong economic ties with the EU they
are currently regulated through more
than a hundred bilateral Accords which
could be simplified by the framework
treaty but there are voices in
Switzerland which are wary of
establishing closer ties with the EU we
discussed the referendum idea with the
euro skeptic Swiss People's Party which
currently holds the majority in
parliament the relations between
Switzerland and Brussels get worse part
of the problem is that in the Western
world in the boycotts starts to increase
unfortunately it looks like the European
Union is trying to weaken our financial
centre so we have to stay firm in the
past our own government has made the
dramatic mistake to get on its knees way
too quickly when we were attacked in
that sense by the Americans a few years
ago and now towards Brussels the same
dangers here we get on our knees too
quickly
