now an app which does let you know if
your home is being snooped on has been
developed by the American whistleblower
an anti surveillance campaigner Edward
Snowden it works on Android devices and
can spot shadowy electronic intrusion
but Sunita Sethi now explains it might
also reveal a few things you might want
to keep quiet Edward Snowden has set out
to prove he's capable of much more than
leaking NSA secrets he's keeping up the
fight against digital surveillance this
time it's in the form of an app he's
created a personal security system in
the hope of empowering journalists and
activists to secretly monitor their
possessions and it has a very fitting
name meet Haven Haven makes it harder to
silence citizens raids searches arrests
without getting caught in the act
themselves
this creates a kind of herd immunity
where before people launched a crackdown
they have to think so let's take a
closer look you simply install Haven on
any Android phone and your device turns
into a surveillance system it works by
the app detecting changes in the
environment using sensors already
built-in say you left your phone
unattended in your bedroom and an
intruder breaks in well first of all it
uses the camera and it'll instantly
start recording it may catch the
unwanted visitor of course you could
also set a trap for a nosy partner
snooping through your messages secondly
the built-in microphone will pick up any
conversations thought to be private well
that's great for a recording intruders
voices but which you also be tempted to
leave it somewhere you shouldn't in all
cases of a breach
you'll receive encrypted alerts so the
app helps keep you safe but it can be
exploited I can have a good side if
there's domestic abuse going on for
example and you want to record proof of
it and then go to the police it can have
a bad side because you might can you be
stalked by a jealous ex spouse or a
jealous spouse even there's a potential
I presume for it to be hijacked as well
particularly if it's running on an
Android which is I think has closed bits
of software within it so their toys are
pluses - physically these new
technologies
course that said Edward Snowden himself
has always been notoriously careful
about the technology around him famously
asking journalists to place their phones
in hotel fridges to stop foil would-be
snoopers
so it's uncertain whether this app will
create a physical space you can trust or
make you more paranoid of the device
lying next to you beware of the spy next
door
