and the u.s. national security advisor
has sensationally called on the
supposedly independent swift payment
system on which banks around the world
rely on to reconsider its business with
Tehran banks and financial messaging
services such as Swift must take a good
hard look at their business with Iran
and ask themselves whether it's worth
the risk
John Bolton a sharp move comes after the
EU Russia Iran and China unveiled a new
payment mechanism to bypass US sanctions
on Tehran Bolton was also skeptical of
that announcement you know the European
Union is strong on rhetoric and we can
follow through so we will be watching
the development of this structure that
doesn't exist yet and has no target date
to be created we do not intend to allow
our sanctions to be evaded by Europe or
anybody else
well let's cross live to economist and
independent investment fund and manager
max Otto max thanks for coming on to the
program now do you think a Swift will
obey Bolton and stop working with Iran
well there is a possibility because the
u.s. does put a lot of pressure on many
actors so Swift might do that we don't
know but of course the US has had a very
unilateral and very aggressive policy of
sanctions so Swift will certainly listen
to those words what we know is Germany's
foreign minister earlier suggested
creating alternatives to systems like
Swift to become independent from the US
in your opinion do you think such an
idea is feasible it's feasible if the
will is there and I think it's highly
necessary because of cost remnants the
German authorities report all passenger
data to the US and there is a grip on
the European data by the US so it's it's
very important to break that monopoly
but we see we have to see if if Germany
and the others follow through because
this is a long shot yeah I mean you say
it's necessary how likely is it that it
will
all go through well I would give it
slightly less than 50% so I'm slightly
pessimistic but not totally dis artistic
okay so how much is the Belgian based
Swift system inevitably influenced by US
or EU pressure do you think oh it
certainly is I mean the US has put a lot
of pressure on various issues and it has
used the sanctions weapon and the
economics weapon ever my gressive Lee
even against European companies against
Swiss companies and this is a has really
put a lot of tensions on European
companies and especially since the
financial crisis so at some point Europe
might wake up and say this is too much I
mean we have to go our own way then we
have to first strike a new balance so
that might be the turning point right
now but we will only see with hindsight
yeah I mean what do you make of the new
EU China Russia Iran mechanism the quote
special purpose vehicle I passed the US
sanctions on Iran it's pretty amazing
that such a an idea is being floated and
of course Europe is torn between Iraq
and a half place on the one hand it's a
loyalty to the US and on the other hand
it's the loyalty to the treaties and to
nuclear deep proliferation and
non-proliferation and so it's really a
choice that Trump has put the Europeans
in and so it's it's pretty amazing that
even such an announcement is coming out
and Mike Pompeo the has come out that he
was deeply disappointed and that Europe
might not be following through and that
may all well be but his disappointment
was a strong language and so it is it is
an amazing announcement yeah it is an
amazing announcement isn't it and why do
you think this is happening now why do
you think those countries are even
publicly teaming together well too much
is too much the pressure on German
diesel cars coming from the US which
will benefit the u.s. car industry the
pressure on Swiss banks by the
yes the pressure on many other
industries the the Russia sanctions
which mostly hurt Germany and and
Austria on on the western side so
there's been a lot of economic warfare
in the past ten years and it has hurt a
lot of companies a lot of countries and
this might just be the turning point
because it's too much we don't know what
we'll see
what's the afterwards max he mentioned a
Pompeo US Secretary of State Bombay and
he has reacted furiously to the ease you
move let's have another listen to what
he actually said unfortunately just last
night I was disturbed and indeed deeply
disappointed to hear remaining parties
in the deal announced they're setting up
a special payment system to bypass US
sanctions this is one of the most
counterproductive measures imaginable
for regional and global peace and
security by sustaining revenues to the
regime you are solidifying Iran's
ranking as the number one state sponsor
of terror yeah you could hear the
disappointment actually during these
meetings that we see in the UN General
Assembly and the Security Council we've
heard some very strong rhetoric haven't
we could Washington impose sanctions on
countries who use the new mechanism or
continue to trade with Iran
well of course Washington has been doing
this for the past ten years even of
onit's on its allies so it has imposed
massive sanctions in the past ten years
that have heard many of the allies and
so this might just be the turning point
that yes Washington could improve pros
no sanctions but the allies probably are
some allies say this is enough I mean we
can't bear any more we've fronted those
sanctions and supported them long enough
we have to find their own way so on this
might be the breaking point it might not
be but it's suddenly a very new
development and it gives hope to a more
trilateral approach that Europe can find
its own path in those issues and that's
still far off but there's a certainly
some hope there you never know
economists and independent investment
fund manager max Otto thanks very much
for coming on to the program
you
