the US government has decided to slash
its contribution to the United Nations
budget for the coming year ambassador
nikki Haley gave a statement explaining
the move when we make generous
contributions to the UN we also have a
legitimate expectation that our goodwill
is recognized and respected the United
States will remember this day in which
it was singled out for attack in the
General Assembly for the very act of
exercising our right as a sovereign
nation we will remember it when we are
called upon to once again make the
world's largest contribution to the
United Nations nikki Haley went on to
accuse the United Nations of
inefficiency and overspending
Washington's contribution will be
reduced by 285 million dollars over the
next fiscal year well we're going to
cross live now to political scientist
cafe a frosty obby author of un
management reform thanks for coming on
to the program cafe so let's start with
the UN vote 128 to 9 against Trump's
decision on Jerusalem in your opinion do
you think this is a direct retaliation
from Washington
well based on the statement read by
ambassador Haley there is no doubt that
there is a direct connection between
that vote which was a total
embarrassment to the United States and
the retaliation that has followed in the
form of a big financial stab at the UN
regretted by all the UN high officials
American was spoken to and there was a
fear that this could be twice as bad and
on the bright side it's not even close
to what candidate Trump promised in
terms of a 50% slash in the USS
contribution to do you nevertheless yes
I I suppose the White House's perverse
Christmas gift to the world community
and the premier work organization that
says minions own lives and is
responsible for global peace and
security and definitely a big step in
the wrong direction contrary to what
ambassador Haley said yeah I mean the
explanation that she's given is that
it's down to inefficiency and
overspending of the United Nations which
she says is a well known fact and she
goes on to say we will no longer let the
generosity of the American people be
taken advantage of or remain unchecked
how right is she about the accusations
of inefficiency and overspending
well you know the UN has been grappling
with the issue of reform and I've
written extensively about that for a
long time but it's the wrong way of
approaching the problem and connecting
it to a particular vote at the UN
General Assembly and so forth I think
just about everything that ambassador
Haley has done since assuming her post
has been contrary to the spirit of the
UN Charter has been quite under plumb
attic for into the very notion of world
diplomacy complete tack tactless tactful
lessness and without any sense of nuance
so this kind of crude language of threat
and Punishment use against sovereign
nations and so forth this really hurts
the users image and credibility
worldwide and United States is not
helping itself by having someone
representing at the United Nations who
is so I'm diplomatic and fall into the
spirit of the United Nations yeah some
would say that it's been a tack kind of
reaction now if we if we look at the US
and their payments to the UN in the past
in 2015 for example the u.s. owed two
billion dollars for peacekeeping efforts
according to the UN Budget Office that
is do you think Washington is
exaggerating its so-called generosity to
the UN if we look at that one figure
absolutely I mean if you look at the
UN's contribution to the city of New
York itself it far outweighs what the US
gives to the UN and the UN the u.s. I'm
sorry takes a lot more from the UN then
you know than the other way around and a
lot of people tend to ignore that I I
doubt very much that mr. Trump himself
would be the u.s. president if the UN
headquarter was not in this city but you
know the fact of the matter is that you
have an administration that uses what
the philosopher Jurgen Habermas refers
to as entry
instrumental is rationality but you know
is simply an archaic nineteenth-century
method of dealing with world diplomacy
is this arcane approach is born to you
know have negative repercussions on
world peace and security and if you take
money from the UN and you starve it
financially that means that the UN will
be able to do a lot less in terms of
refugees population management
sustainable development conflict
prevention peace building peacekeeping
and so on and so forth and unfortunately
ambassador Haley is just the wrong
person you know at the wrong time and
he's doing whatever he can to continue
this trance war on the United Nations
cafe I mean you've just listed all the
things that the UN is supposed to do and
does but isn't that Haley's point is the
fact that she's saying that the u.s.
people have been taken advantage of
because of the contribution to to the UN
no because the very purpose of
contributing to the United Nations is
not to you know use it as a self
platform to bully and threaten other
nations and to extract uni-directional
benefits from it but rather to engage in
global diplomacy with the resolution of
global conflicts and and issues such as
the problems of sustainable development
and so on and for ambassador Haley to
claim that there's got to be a you know
monetary value and these kinds of
reciprocal services is just miss reading
the very notion intention and purpose of
the United Nations and membership in it
and unfortunately the very ABC UN
culture of peace and reciprocity
tolerance and dialogue is missing in the
mindset and worldview of nikki Haley
okay well we could discuss this for ages
but we've run out of time covering afro
CRP political scientists and author of
un management reform
thanks very much for coming on to the
program
