Facebook has admitted that its efforts
to combat fake news aren't working it
has been trying to red flag articles
which do contain false information but
the markers are instead appearing to
attract even more views as Jacqueline
Vega explains Facebook sees itself on
the front lines of the fight against
fake news there's a huge amount of
misinformation out there on the Internet
it's a problem we've been working hard
on at Facebook and we're committed to
fighting it after all people want to see
accurate information and so do we
battle heated up in December 2016 when
Facebook teamed up with fact checkers to
flag stories it determined to contain
so-called disputed content but one year
on the social media Titans forced to
admit not only is the method ineffective
it may actually inspire the opposite of
the desired reaction academic research
on correcting misinformation has shown
that putting a strong image like a red
flag next to an article may actually
entrench deeply held beliefs the
opposite effect to what we intended
apparently a fake news label actually
makes people more interested for example
Facebook red flag this story by the
Newport buzz which claimed hundreds of
thousands of Irish people were brought
to the US as slaves but the little red
sign didn't stop its spread on the
contrary traffic skyrocketed but
Facebook isn't daunted by the discovery
that flagging stories has backfired
coming up with a new plan to provide
alternative articles alongside possibly
false stories to give people more
context but the question remains are
those alternative stories definitely
relevant and balanced and who's actually
making that call the choice of the
articles the choice of the outlets is
going to reflect human bias human bias
is inevitable whenever human beings are
involved there's always going to be a
social political cultural and so on bias
and the selection of those related
articles is going to reflect that the
Facebook obviously has an agenda the
people who work at Facebook have
individual agendas and biases they might
not even be aware of their own biases
