the Israeli Prime Minister has ordered
the country's withdrawal from the UN's
culture and heritage Organization UNESCO
it follows a similar move announced by
the United States in October over a
perceived bias against Israel here's how
that country's m'boy
to the agency explained the decision
UNESCO has broken records of hypocrisy
incitement and lies against Israel and
the Jewish people
while polluting its noble core
principles with bullet ization and
diplomatic terrorism that sometimes
bordered on anti-semitism well before
now on Israel's move his kind of mopping
comes on the heels of quite a bit of
criticism from the United States and
Israel of UNESCO's activities now UNESCO
is the UN's cultural agency now the
Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesperson
specifically cited what he called
attempts to disconnect the history of
Jewish history from the land of Israel
now UNESCO has angered Israel over the
past year they passed resolutions in
which they said that Israel has no right
to Jerusalem they said that the Temple
Mount and the old city are both Muslim
holy sites now as far back as 2011
oonh s co actually granted Palestine
full membership in its organization now
this is Dan Eden on the Israeli
ambassador to the United Nations this is
him touching on the recent decision no
UNESCO declaration no empty speeches no
General Assembly resolution will ever
drive us from Jerusalem recently we saw
that the USA had withdrawn from UNESCO
that happened in October and when the
United States pulled out of UNESCO they
specifically cited what they called an
anti-israel bias now when that happened
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu called it a courageous and
moral decision and praised the United
States for doing that
UNESCO it stands for the United Nations
Educational Scientific and Cultural
Organization it has a number of tasks it
fights violent extremism around the
world it promotes female education it
promotes media freedom it all
so protects a certain cultural sites
around the world now what is in question
at the moment is what will happen to
certain cultural sites now that both the
United States and Israel are no longer
participants in this very important
international body that was kind of
moping well UNESCO does list World
Heritage Sites across Israel comprising
of a dozen places representing 3,000
years of history the Israeli newspaper
columnist amir oren believes UNESCO is
also a platform for diplomatic action
and that Israel may eventually reverse
its decision every UN agency is a
battlefield in the foreign policy and
diplomacy arena and UNESCO is no
different than the Human Rights Council
and others but whether or not Israel
should withdraw from it is another
matter all-together because just
withdrawing just leaving the field to
others is not acceptable to many
israelis we have been through such
cycles of un bashing eventually israel
and presumably the united states
too would come back having symbolized
their displeasure it is just a gesture
one shouldn't read too much into it
