well in other news there's been sharp
rises in the value of crypto currencies
this year but their Falls have also been
spectacular the price of Bitcoin has
dropped to below the $13,000 threshold
after hitting all-time highs of more
than 20,000 over the weekend want to
discuss this port egos done off joins me
now in the studio well hi there Igor so
what's the significance of this plunge
well Kate imagine your average stock
increasing in value not two not five not
ten but twenty fold well this is Bitcoin
2017 in a nutshell for you this
cryptocurrency has been really breaking
one price record after the other as
you've just mentioned over the weekend
in fact on Sunday it brushed the twenty
thousand dollar mark now this is
something insane so really this is and
this latest plunge is the most serious
hit Bitcoin has taken so far this year
and when I say serious I mean losing
somewhat of a third of its value in a
matter of days so no wonder that this
Skyfall may have very well caused a few
heart attacks among the Bitcoin newbies
we're looking at some of those
headquartered lines they're Bitcoin
running out of steam so it's obviously
volatile but what causes these ups and
downs oh well as with any other assets
is of course news but also with Bitcoin
it's also all comes down to people's
trust now for example even this free
fall has triggered some very polar
reactions to it because some are saying
that Bitcoin now is absolutely done and
dusted others are saying that it's just
correction nothing to be afraid of and
this is a good opportunity to get more
Bitcoin at a more well attractive price
and but there's also one other trend
going on here some of the earliest and
most passionate supporters of Bitcoin
are now looking at it from a more
critical standpoint have a lesson an
investment in Bitcoin right now I would
say is the riskiest investment you can
make it is an extremely high risk as
soon as people realize that this is how
it works they will start selling there's
no fixed definition of whether it's a
currency or not this issue is a
difficult one it has not yet been proven
to be credible enough to become a
currency so I need to watch Bitcoin for
a little while more so really you've
heard it bitcoin is a is as high risk
high gain as it gets so don't let
yourself get deceived by these
outrageous charts don't think it's an
easy profit because trust me there are
as many Bitcoin millionaires now as
those who have lost fortunes on it today
volatile but certainly interesting isn't
it egos donor thank you
