in a major rebuke to Donald Trump's the
United Nations says voted overwhelmingly
to condemn his unilateral decision to
recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
only nine member states including the
u.s. voted against the resolution while
a hundred and twenty eight others
believe the holy city status can only be
resolved through talks were prior to the
votes the US had threatened to take the
names of those supporting the resolution
when we make a decision about where to
locate our embassy we don't expect those
we've helped to target us on Thursday
there'll be a vote criticizing our
choice the US will be taking name we
express our regret over the fact that
the United States of America exercised a
veto the decision of a UN member states
to recognize Jerusalem or output as the
capital of Israel while as the
international law
the result of the vote in favor 128 well
the UN Security Council had made an
earlier attempt to adopt a similar text
but it was vetoed by the United States
caliber open reports on Washington's
failed efforts to influence this latest
vote in the lead-up to the voting we
heard in the assembly hall nikki Haley
she remarked that the USA has the right
to put its embassy wherever it chooses
and she went on to say that the USA will
not forget the upcoming vote the United
States will remember this day in which
it was singled out for attack in the
General Assembly for the very act of
exercising our right as a sovereign
nation we will remember it when we are
called upon to once again make the
world's largest contribution to the
United Nations America will put our
embassy in Jerusalem no vote in the
United Nations will make any difference
on that now a number of countries that
don't normally see eye to eye on
international issues came together Saudi
Arabia and Iran regional rivals voted
together to condemn the United States
and Israel furthermore we saw North
Korea and South Korea two other
countries that don't tend to get along
voting together the use of the Vita
obstructed the Security Council and made
it unable to perform its duties under
decades of work of the international
community it is considered a place in
violation of the rights of Palestinian
people must be resolved through a
negotiation between the two parties a UN
member state threatened all the other
members this is bullying and this
chamber will not vote to do that
countries that often align with the
United States NATO members members of
the European Union they also voted in
favor of this resolution now this comes
despite the fact that a lot of pressure
was placed on countries in the lead-up
to the vote Donald Trump talked about
the possibility of removing foreign aid
from countries that voted in favor of
the resolution and a letter was sent to
180 countries saying that Donald Trump
would take it personally the way
countries voted what
maneuvers took place efforts by the
United States to to impact the outcomes
seem not to have really worked the
international community has strongly
voiced its opposition to recent moves by
the United States regarding Jerusalem
well Donald Trump's decision about
Jerusalem stasis drew criticism from
Arab and European states as Palestinians
also claim the city as their capital the
announcement sparked protests across the
Middle East with the city of Bethlehem
becoming the epicenter of the violence
we heard from several analysts on the
issue who think the UN made the right
decision
to withstand Washington's pressure think
it's unfortunate that the United States
finds itself under this kind of
leadership which is undermining the
standing of this country internationally
if countries acquiesce to the US and if
they accept being punching bag for the
American administration and voting in
accordance with directives from nikki
Haley then what's the point of having
the United Nations I think we are now
entering a new era in which a major
power resorts to blackmail and bribery
in order to secure votes in the General
Assembly but this is the first occasion
on which a state particularly a major
permanent member of the Security Council
has resorted to such measures I do think
that it would be deplorable if the
United States were to carry through and
threats of this kind because that will
indicate to states in future situations
and if they vote against the United
States they do so at their peril
