now Iraq may have been proclaimed free
from ISIL but the victory came at a huge
cost one volunteer unit lost thousands
of men to the jihadists in the battle to
defeat ISIL while such groups made it
always see eye to eye with the
governments they're ready to work
together to defeat a common threat via
terrorists or even the country's current
allies Murad Garcia reports the Valley
of Peace the largest cemetery in the
world millions are buried here and
recent years have seen an upsurge in new
arrivals Isis was the cause thousands
upon thousands of Iraqi fighters have
come here in coffins wrapped in the
Iraqi flag
most of these were volunteers however
this boy was 16 years old although he
was forbidden to he still joined the
resistance these are all officers they
weren't afraid of dying
and their parents took the sacrifice
with pride they're all heroes we are
proud of every single one of them and
this was the shake of all snipers
he killed 343 Isis fighters Abu taxine
was among those who volunteered for the
hash - shoddy or popular mobilization
forces when the call went out three
years ago they proved key to defeating
Isis in Iraq hundreds of thousands of
men on a jihad against jihadists these
paramilitaries largely answer to
religious leaders in this case the Shia
cleric al-sistani but they quickly
earned a fearsome reputation they
participated in every major battle
against Isis and lost thousands along
the way there were reports of atrocities
carried out by pm
allegations of human rights abuses and
religious persecution yet you can say
that Isis could have been beaten without
the pmf's besides an honor-roll this
battalion even has its own Isis museum
to show for itself
there are now more Isis flags and
weapons in museums and in private
collections than there are out in the
wild over here a bunch of swords with a
particularly horrible history these are
the weapons that Isis use to execute
people to chop off people's heads and
arms for various offenses in the next
exhibit you have Isis's been making
components here a bunch of cell phones
as well as detonators radios over here
is a suicide belt grenades mines and
other bits and pieces over in the next
section is Isis's airforce
drones DJI phantoms and gliders thing is
the stand up fight is almost done it
would be wrong to claim that Isis in
Iraq has been destroyed entirely but the
jihadists have certainly gone
underground the pitched battles are
finished why people ask that we still
need these huge and well-armed sectarian
militias the kingdom the pmf's played a
huge part and they sacrificed a lot but
to be honest with you they should hand
in their weapons this is the law of the
country we should pay them and thank
them and they in turn should disarm we
follow the order of the cleric
al-sistani he is told us not to hand
over our weapons instead he said keep
your eyes and your ears open for Isis
but it is more than that Iraq is a
divided country
pmf's servers more than fighters they're
seen as protectors of their communities
powerful armies that look after their
own be they Shias Sunnis Turkmen Yazidis
there are still potential enemies be
they neighbouring communities countries
or even current allies the us-led
coalition well I can we know the
Americans very well they always have a
stake everywhere we both the Iraqi
government and Isis look at what the
Americans did to the Kurds they
encourage their referendum but at the
last moment withdrew their support we
don't take orders from the Americans and
on that at least the hash the shabby
agree with the government we hope that
with Isis demise the coalition forces
will leave it's that simple the question
remains open what to do with hundreds of
thousands of armed religious
paramilitary fighters who threw away
their lives to save their country from
Isis more at gas D of RT from Baghdad
Iraq
