I don't mind it who have very open to
you my Johnson has recently said that he
has no evidence that Russia interfered
and the UK referendum not successfully I
think it's the word an successfully is
the word that you see is a phrase if it
doesn't contradict me as then when it
gets back to the UK his reputation is
going to be ruined and the media
reputation I'm worried about I think
it's very very important that you should
recognize that Russian attempts to
interfere in in our elections or our
reference whatever they may have been
have not been successful so you can
reassure yourself on on that point and
that's an important consideration
because I think it had it been
successful and that would have been an
entirely different matter not so strange
a cynical any more statistic the absence
of action can never result in urgently
move for I agree with you but we still
would like to get something refax from
your list not be suspicious supporting
our unsuccessful - should be meddling
without variants unfortunately right
sort of posture is very hard to get down
from the fancy of crimes
