hello there I'm Max Keiser this is the
Kaiser report oh yeah max you know
there's one thing that you have been
saying and been quoted on many times and
all the sort of financial media relating
to bitcoin is that this black hole
concept that bitcoin is a black hole
sucking in all these other investments
and it is quite ironic that gold is kind
of the result of those sort of universal
forces universe the forces of the
universe rather than universal forces
black holes explosion exploding stars
all that sort of stuff because your
black hole that is caught that's called
Bitcoin and black hole my black hole
sounds like a name of the rap tune I was
on the call to drinking some drank when
my black hole said hey buddy what's
going on here's a chart a good rap song
is the chart so flummoxed I'm gobsmacked
by your reference here's the chart from
Zero Hedge and it's Bitcoin versus gold
just going back to know a few months
yeah into this year oh yeah it's only
2017 Bitcoin takes off gold balls
remember when Bitcoin hits one this is a
jaws of death yeah this is called a
crocodile pattern sucked into that you
get I need this the rest of the script
yeah black hole so remember when Bitcoin
first passed the price of gold and that
had been something that we had been
waiting for for eight and a half years
everybody in the Bitcoin community has
been waiting for it will it ever hit the
price of gold will they be one for one
and sure enough it hit that in like
September or September October probably
early September maybe it's the summer it
everything goes by so fast it's kind of
like we're in parallel dimensions in the
Bitcoin space so it's now obviously like
exploded well past that but we now have
people in the Bitcoin in the gold space
talking about referring to the fact that
goal are they what are they saying
this is a headline from daily reckoning
and by the way you know you and I first
when we first met back in 2003 the daily
reckoning was one of the only sort of
online sites available at that time one
of the go-to sites this is way before
Facebook and Twitter and all that sort
of stuff we went to the daily reckoning
all the time they talked about gold they
talked about silver and here's a
headline from the daily reckoning how
Bitcoin killed gold most seasoned
traders concluded that the advent of
Bitcoin futures would unravel the insane
crypto rally we've witnessed over the
past 12 months futures traders would eat
the amateurs alive and slam the price
lower once shorting Bitcoin became an
option they said but so far they've been
dead wrong so they they go into how
Bitcoin trading has still bunkers
obviously as soon as the futures
launched it was up 26% that day then it
was down that it was up so they were no
less they they weren't able to do what
everybody in the financial media like
CNBC had said that the you know these
these the smart money involved in
futures would eat the eat you know all
those Bitcoin investors alive I said
that would not happen you did say that
would not happen even though I am well
experienced in all things financial and
I made a whole career on Wall Street
trading futures in options I knew that
this would not be the case anyway so the
black hole concept though is one where
this is good money
according to affairs law if you want to
look at economics it's pushing out the
bad money you know somebody asked me
this morning what is Bitcoin backed by
you know that question is all it always
comes up what's it backed by you know my
simple answer is this backed by all the
money that's coming into it you know
it's sucking in all the dollars yen
drachma yeah
un euros it's all being rude then it's
all being pulled into and it's not gonna
leave you know once it goes into Bitcoin
and crypto if you're swapping garbage
money for good money so you're not gonna
go back to garbage money so it's backed
by all that money is backed by now when
at that time people are saying well you
know Gold's a seven trillion dollar
market and it's a bad comparison to just
compare the price because Bitcoin at
that time was only worth you know one
hundred billion dollars and gold is what
seven trillion dollars well since that
was statement was first made the whole
crypto market now is worth over half a
trillion dollars it's on its way to be
worth a trillion dollars it's gonna be
worth seven trillion dollars is gonna be
worth more than seven trillion dollars
Bitcoin itself could be worth a trillion
dollars so all the fiat money in the
world all the fractional reserve banking
over leveraged garbage we've been
warning about in a 2003 we said yet gold
is a place to hide from the Fiat
apocalypse but you know then Bitcoin
came around and starting in 2011 we said
you know this is actually the way it's
going to happen this is the financial
black hole that's going to suck in all
the all the fiat money and it's
happening you know quite rapidly and so
he's right to say that the gold is the
first of the major commodity slash
currencies to be disrupted by Bitcoin
but after gold we'll see
other major fiat currencies collapse and
implode well remember Alan Greenspan who
was a Gold Bug and then became the head
of the central bank of America well he
had said that gold the UK was stupid to
give up their gold because an extremist
the gold has always used just like what
happened to Germany during World War two
but this is something we're seeing that
Bitcoin is becoming that because the
gold is kind of linked to the u.s.
controlled financial system so look at
what's going on with that case of Turkey
versus Iran and they were using gold
because Iran was not allowed to use
dollars but now I've seen more and more
we've seen Venezuela announced the
petrol partly if not mostly to
circumvent
sanctions I saw an advisor to Vladimir
Putin being quoted recently that he
thought Bitcoin could be a good way to
circumvent sanctions as well so the
original design for Bitcoin was also in
order to circumvent the financial system
were so much fraud and opaque it happens
behind an opaque wall of derivative
derivatives and fraud and then they get
bailed out by the central banks remember
that there was actually mentioned that
the bank bailouts in the UK and the run
on Northern Rock so here this gold guy
from daily reckoning and that's how you
and I met over gold
talking about gold and daily reckoning
he says Bitcoin trading is totally
bonkers and it doesn't look like it's
going to calm down anytime soon it is
morphed from an underground tech geek
trade to the biggest market mania we've
seen in decades
Bitcoin news is pushing stock market
stories below the fold
despite the markets incredible
performance this year equities are
starting to take a backseat to
cryptocurrency and then there's gold
bitcoin is stealing's Gold's Thunder as
the holiday season approaches doomsday
preppers used to stock up on gold and
canned goods
now they've cleaned all the gold out of
their bug out bags and replaced it with
Bitcoin so then it goes I'll just
mention that all these debates that is a
story of value but our payment system
doesn't matter if people are piling in
there they're getting rid of their gold
and they're they're going long on
Bitcoin yeah that's right I mean it's it
turned out to be a fantastic store of
value and it's attracting trillions of
dollars and the price will explode
upwards 200,000 and Beyond and then
it'll start to level off there's a
fantastic chart that somebody posted
online about the gold versus the Reich
mark I guess was the German currency
during hyperinflation whyme our republic
days and gold went to trillions of
dollars an ounce versus the reich mark
of Reich mark ronson and and the same
thing is happening of Bitcoin versus the
US dollar where you could say Bitcoin
trade at a million dollars a coin you
know it's not necessarily the price of
Bitcoin is moving so much as the the US
dollar is experiencing a
hyperinflationary collapse like
why Mar Republic we're having a Weimar
Republic moment for planet Earth
well hyperinflation is kind of a
political thing you know they always say
like inflation and deflation or monetary
events hyperinflation is a political
event people lose faith in that system
so I know there are some who say like
wait until you see the force of the US
government or the Chinese government or
the Abu Dhabi government or you know any
government is gonna come in and smash
your head if you don't use their
currency but if if the people have lost
faith in their political and financial
system there's nothing you can do you
can't beat them over the head enough you
cannot the the Gulag Archipelago show
that you can't force people to believe
and you're your cult within a few years
you know 50 60 % of the population will
have a million dollars worth of crypto
on on a private key on a you know a
tracer or some other off line
you know storage device yeah and how you
gonna convince those people to comply
with your stupid laws I don't say I
going to be able to do well it's not
just that you couldn't you can it's not
whether or not you can get them to
comply with the law yeah they'll pay
their taxes yeah they'll buy their
Obamacare yeah they'll do that but can
you get them to believe in Janet Yellen
in the next Fed Chairman in the ECB can
you ever get them to believe that that
system is sound again can you get them
to say okay that's gonna be great it
doesn't matter you can arrest them you
could put them in jail you can find them
you could do all that stuff whether or
not they'll ever believe you whether
than out they'll be like hey I'm happy
with the system I'm gonna go out and
shop and I'm gonna think about the
future and it's all great no they're not
going to do that so here we've
established that sometime in my black
hole it's affected your cognitive
abilities don't make the camera people
laugh okay sorry Frank I can't so we
said it's a story value it's also the
value of Bitcoin is the actual network
and the ecosystem and the open public
ledger it's also attracted just like
early Silicon Valley which it attract
the best
smartest most innovative people that the
thinkers the sort of people who think
about putting know the answers know
they're not gonna go back they're not
gonna go back to Janet yeah I'm not
gonna back to central bank's they will
they won't go back they think their
confidence in the Fiat system is
collapsing and there is no turning back
this is the collapse of the nation-state
and the central bank and the fractional
reserve fiat money system Bitcoin is to
banks what the printing press was to the
Catholic Church it collapsed it in many
ways this is the end of this era this is
the new beginning this is about everyone
having autonomy and sovereignty with
their own money that is that can't be
confiscated then never this deflationary
value guys and like I said the value of
the network is also the fact that the
smartest minds in the world are
attracted to it and they're all working
on it and they're coming up with
solutions so no matter how many fun how
much fun you throw at it you can say all
the things wrong with it
as soon as you identify the things wrong
with it or the flaws that's the thing of
an open-source network is people like oh
the Evening Standard in the UK ran a
front-page story recently that said that
the government needs to warn people that
if they lose their cryptocurrency there
are no bailouts for them exactly exactly
we don't want bailouts go dig a hole in
the ground throw yourself in blow your
brains out and cover up the hole that's
how what we think of you Evening
Standard George Osborne the British
establishment Loy's RBS HSBC and
Barclays you're all freaking terrorists
and you should die ha ok we gotta go to
the break stay tuned much more coming
your way
welcome back to the cotton report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Jim
Rickards prolific author and he's also
the chief global strategist at mara clam
jam welcome back Thank You max all right
mara glam what is it
mara Clemson company I started with some
partners about a year ago we are
specialized in predictive analytics in
capital markets it's actually the
continuation project prophecy which I
worked on at the CIA project prophecy
actually we were down here in the studio
very close to the world former side of
the twin towers there was insider
trading in advance of the 9/11 attack
after the attack the CIA said well if
there's going to be another spectacular
attack would there be insider trading
again could you identify it could you
trace it to the source get a FISA
warrant break down the door and stop the
attack that was project prophecy I was
finally co-managers on that and
basically we developed a predictive
analytic system inside the CIA that
worked extremely well all that's
happened now is I've taken that
technology with some partners with some
investors we're not doing a private
version of that to do predictive
analytics in capital market ever we've
gone well beyond what we did at the see
is you know technologies advanced
sciences advanced so we've really got
third wave artificial intelligence some
other inputs to that to come up with a
very robust system okay now remember
Poindexter I think John Poindexter
Admiral John pointer
oh gosh yeah yeah he came after 9/11 I
think it was he came up with to market
what we call
well there was Tia Total Information
Awareness there was project but they
wanted a they wanted a futures market
basically a geopolitical futures market
so you could bet on whether at the time
Yasser Arafat was going to be
assassinated
the whole thing was modeled on my
Hollywood Stock Exchange well did you
know it's based on that technology I do
know that this is sort of what they call
the wisdom of crowds if you get enough
people making enough bets that on
average the additional a better
prediction than you know
an analyst sitting in a cubicle at the
time when they launched it they there
was a lot of pushback because they said
hey you know there's a conflict here
because terrorists can bet on the terror
act and then they go out and commit the
act and they cash in well that was one
of the objections but specifically one
of the contracts was with our would
Yasser Arafat be assassinated the
pushback came from then senator Hillary
Clinton who a New York senator at the
time who of course was a good friend of
Arafat so there was that was shut down
but we were we were working that was
actually DARPA the defense project
research arm but we were doing it inside
the CIS we didn't we sort of dodged
those polls it's not really you know a
prediction market as such they using
predictive analytics you're looking at
the data and you are using algorithms
and you are sorting through the data to
try to pick up on patterns and and this
is all internal it's not out there
people are not buying and selling
prediction contracts that's correct
we're not running a prediction mark
we're running a Pyrrhic to battle inks
but the science is true and we've drawn
that there's a lot there's less there
than we see out with the wisdom of
crowds Wiersma crowds is really good if
you want to guess the number of
jellybeans in a jar the average of a
thousand people with no mathematical
understanding will actually be pretty
good guess the way to the cow like
here's an old English fare that stuff
works good but the more complex the
problem the less the wisdom of crowds
works and for example even in markets
where you have a lot of participation so
let's go back to February 27 2017
earlier this year the market was giving
a 30% chance of a Fed rate hike in March
the Fed actually did high grades in
March now it got 100% the day before the
meeting but there's an example where the
market was way off and that's okay it
doesn't mean markets aren't valuable but
there's a lot more to it we use
basically we use a complexity theory
behavioral psychology history in other
branches of science to come up with our
forecasts okay so you say this is an
outgrowth of your work I believe it was
in death of the dollar or at the chapter
one the death of money chapter one okay
the 9/11 you were observing as well as
your colleagues in the intelligence
community right activity in the
financial markets that telegraphed that
something was coming
we were not observing it in real
it was there that that information was
there and I did run into people later
who saw that the CIA was not observing
that at the time but after the fact you
could look back and was very obvious the
it was done through about buying put
options usually insider trading is done
in the options market because there's a
lot more leverage that's the first place
the SEC looks by the way so there were
two trading days before 9/11 buying puts
in American Airlines 286 times the
average daily volume so let's say I
order a Big Mac every day and then one
day I order 286 big-match you know
something's up I talked to John Maher
and Johnson after the fact you you
looked at the data and he said oh my
gosh some some of this knowledge was
circulating ahead of the you not just me
not just the agency but there were
academics I talked to John Mohan who was
especially John Mohan's a New York Stock
Exchange specialist for made markets in
America and he not he was the market
maker in those two stuff I've never seen
more blatant insider trading when the
Space Shuttle a space shuttle Challenger
blew up Morton Thiokol the contractor
for the booster rocket puts in this case
sky rocket it sure because the thing
just blew up here you're observing the
event as if something I'd blown up
before it blew up put in in the post
event you're looking back you're seeing
that and and so now markets are very
sensitive to this data and how much of
the predictive analytics that you are
incorporating in this service is taken
from market data well we start with
market data and that's there many men
exempt by the way you have to separate
sort of predictive analytics on the one
hand and like law enforcement looking
for insider traders and all that but
there's a set of trading all the time
ahead of you know M&A announcements so
that that's quite common you can always
see that you usually see it before the
fact definitely see it after the fact
but we're using that we using market
data but we're also using complexity
theory which says that in any system the
scale of the system scaling metrics are
very important and the density function
the interconnectedness that's the
leading indicator of a potential
collapse or you know they okay so what's
the ratio between market data and non
market data roughly well it's hard to
say it depends it depends on the
particular note see we take all this so
we use behavioral psychology so that's
just that's very well-established with
all the heuristics biases you know
people would rather take three
you know $3 there's a sure thing instead
of $3.22 expected value if there's a 20%
chance of loss and your risk aversion
anchoring oahspe robots has been very
well known you can incorporate that we
use history a lot of the what Wall
Street does the use correlations and
regressions there are a lot of
limitations on that number one you'll
never see the weird event you'll never
see a recession you'll never see a so
called Black Swan you'll never see a
catastrophic event you'll never see that
in the correlation you always predict
more the same random outcomes which is
not true things are path dependent
number one number two the time series
are often too short I like a hundred
five hundred I even use fifteen hundred
year time series go back to the collapse
of Bronze Age civilization the collapse
the Roman Empire you know we're about to
for another civilization will collapse
you don't predict that tomorrow morning
but there's the kind of time series that
are more meaningful in my view so we use
history we use Bayes rule which is a
statistical method that involves just
kind of starting with a hypothesis using
the best data you can that we use that
and they tell us community all the time
that was used to that movie the
imitation game where Alan Turing cracked
the Enigma code that was using Bayes
rule and so forth we use all that but
the the thing is you have to take all
that and combine in what we call fuzzy
cognitive network just a neural network
with nodes each node might represent a
different one of the disciplines I
mentioned one might be an historical
note it has some weight because
something happened before one might be a
Bayesian note he gains weight or loses
weight based on updating now you have to
feed those notes to do that we've teamed
with IBM and their idea lab in the
Watson Watson can read you know 200
million Twitter feeds simultaneously I
might look at 10 but you know the 200
million so so the plain language ability
in eight languages so now we've really
gone way beyond this is really a third
way of artificial intelligence as I
described
okay so as always in these situations
you have a problem I guess you could
call it of slippage in for example our
but arbitrage opportunities open up in
the market sure and then everyone jumps
in on those arbitrage opportunities you
know buddy spread between t-bills and
one market versus another market and the
ARBs come in and it shrinks down to zero
right in this type of work and I know
having an created the Hollywood Stock
Exchange and invented the predicting
prediction market industry thank you you
have the problem of and this happens in
markets all the time
where you are the intelligence that you
think you are gleaning as far as a
predictive intelligence starts to get
discounted by the fact that you're
looking at the intelligence it's almost
a Heisenberg effect of if you actually
start to see it it'll start to disappear
type of phenomenon and it doesn't
mitigate the risk of a black swan these
black swans are there because they are
black swans do you feel comfortable that
your work to what degree is that a let's
say a leap forward in generating do you
know yet did you have any track record
on this yet what's the status of this
what we do we do have a track record
first of all we predicted brexit we said
the UK would vote to leave the European
Union that was a completely out of
consensus view we predicted Trump's
election I was on television in
Australia in New York Europe before the
election saying Trump is going to win so
we actually we predicted a Fed rate hike
in less March at a time when the market
was giving you a 30% probability which
is true from December to late February
we were at an 80% probability now the
market caught up in the last two weeks
we have a good data apartheid what I
mean is you've got access to the data
you're making predictions you can cash
in on those predictions not that that's
you're doing it we don't trade funds big
money to the Intelligence Committee
they've got CIA guys on their payroll so
suddenly they access to data gives them
an edge now they're profiting from this
data and the average Joe in the street
is not profiting from this data what's
your thought well first of all you're
absolutely right about that now it's one
of the things I said when I when I got
to the CIA we were talking about this
issue this was all no the CIA had done
there's one guy they put in charge of
this because he traded options like in
his spare time he was a math whiz and
then just traded options first-person
account they said he was like the only
guy in the agency who did that Sergei
you're in charge they didn't have
capital markets expertise Capital
Markets were not part of the battlespace
prior to 9/11 they are now but they
weren't at the time so but I give the
CIO I the credit they know what they
don't know and they're very good
outreach and I was not the only one
recruited there were many who were
invited into this project so we kind of
build it from the ground up but one of
the things I said and I said guys hedge
funds do this all the time we're not
trying to do any
the hedge funds don't already do we're
just doing it for different reasons
we're not trying to spot insider trading
ahead of an M&A announcement we're
trying to spot insider trading ahead of
a terrorist attack but the way you do it
the math and the data inputs are the
same number one number two as far as
data piece they're not cheap but you
know for twenty five thousand dollars
you can get real-time prices from
Chicago Mercantile Exchange to New York
Stock Exchange so all that information
is available but the algorithms and all
the computer science in the engineer you
have to build legions of these guys they
are expensive you have to build that
yourself so there is there is a little
bit of that but this is it's not inside
give you an example you can rent
satellites for satellites in space that
are private you can rent a space you can
rent the use of them there were people
like following Cracker Barrell now Krait
nobody walks to a Cracker Barrel they're
all by the highways you drive to a
cracker but I know yeah they were using
the satellites to spot how many cars
were in the parking lot they had some
data on the average sale per car average
number of people per car and they used
that to predict the earnings of cracker
row and that's that's completely legal
it's it's inside information but it's
it's few there to be guilty of trading
inside information is a two-part test
that's to be material nonpublic
information but you also have to be
acquired in breach of a fiduciary duty
if you do it yourself you haven't
breached any duty it's your information
you can't steal from yourself so that's
completely legal insider trading right
well on Wall Street we used to say it's
insight not inside well no one likes the
word insider but the fact is if you if
you invent it yourself you're not
stealing it so it's legal but you had to
do those funds have an edge over every
day investor of course they do and
that's that's that's just the way it is
usually we didn't get past the first
question keep you over for a segment
that's okay that's fine all right
and that's gonna do it for this edition
of the Kazi report with me Max Keiser
and Stacy Herbert like to thank our
guest Jim Rickards prolific author and
data guy if you want to reach us on
Twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time bye y'all
