Russia will remain banned from the
upcoming Winter Paralympics in South
Korea the IPC the International
Paralympic Committee will make a final
decision about the Russian team in late
January just over a month before the
competition starts will artis anastacio
Churkin joins me now live with more
details well hi there Nastya so the fate
of the Paralympic team is still 100%
clear then is it that's right Kate here
in London the International Paralympic
Committee today has announced that
they're maintaining the suspension of
the Russian Paralympic Committee and
that they will indeed be announcing
their final decision on the future of
whether or not the Paralympians from
Russia are going to be able to compete
in Pyeongchang in February now this is
of course quite important because this
leaves the Russian athletes really
holding their breath until more or less
the last minute to find out whether or
not they're going to be able to
participate in those games so they will
find out very close to the beginning of
when the games are supposed to kick off
another part of this decision announced
today has been that they're going to
maintain a measure that was implemented
earlier in September that says that
basically in for sports Russian athletes
are going to be able to qualify in
events and those four sports under
neutral flag which is quite important
and those sports include cross-country
skiing alpine skiing snowboarding and
the biathlon now what's important is
that it has been said that five criteria
are still not being met by Russia for
the Russian Paralympic Committee to be
reinstated and what's crucial here is
that it's been said that for that to
happen one of the key criteria is for
the Russian anti-doping agency to be
fully implemented by the world
anti-doping agency and for that to occur
what's important is that one of those
demands is that Russia basically accept
the allegations on the doping issue that
have been made against it and this is
something that Russia has been denying
throughout this whole time on these
latest announcements we've been gauging
some reaction from Russian Paralympians
let's take a listen
the officials most opposed athletes
should compete any way they can prove
strength their righteousness only on a
track not in court but in stadiums and
sports grounds our guys are being
deprived at their dream some have just
one chance some might have another but
they've been preparing for the games for
them they are a life goal for many guys
with disabilities sport is the only
thing they can do and this dream is
being taken away one can say their lives
are taken away what's going on is just
one huge injustice obviously all of
these developments have been seen as a
very painful for Russian athletes
looking forward to participating in
those games let's keep in mind that back
in 2016 ahead of the Olympic Games in
Rio there was a collective van on
Russian piolin pians partaking which was
also seen as a huge blow by athletes who
were looking forward to participating
and while we wait for this new final
decision to be announced at the end of
January just earlier this month in
Lausanne of course there was an
announcement made that there will be no
team Russia at the Olympic Games and
that clean athletes will only be able to
participate under a neutral flag in day
one thank you very much anastacio
Churkin in London thank you well joining
me in the studio now to discuss the
IPC's decision is artis Daniel Hawkins
and Alan Moore the sports host on
Capital FM thank you very much indeed
for joining me gentlemen it's down if I
can start with you well we heard all the
the information there on the decision
itself the initial decision from Nastia
do you think in the fact that it's still
the blanket ban but it's politicized
it's a political decision well there
were only three options really available
to the IPC in this case which was lift
the ban altogether maintain status quo
which is what's happened or perhaps go
for a third option of allowing athletes
who've proved their claim to participate
under neutral flag as they're doing
already as NASA said they're in several
several sports and as the Russian
athletes will be doing in but if you
look at some of the statements that have
come out from the former president
Philip Craven for example I believe
earlier this year it's demanding that
Russia prove not only that their sport
is clean but that their nation is clean
we can actually take a listen to that
now max perhaps discuss that without and
what you make of it let's take a quick
listen
we cannot have the Russians completing
again until they have adopted the right
policies that sure that they are a clean
nation never mind cleaned athletes they
have to be a clean nation I mean you can
take that to mean what what you will but
certainly questions have raised what
exactly he means Alan in terms of you
know the measures that Russia have taken
haven't quite comprehend salome in
fighting these allegations of doping far
more than any other country at the
moment guys because right now from the
children's youth schools the whole way
up they are now educating children
athlete the athletes of course parents
and coaches and directors of these
schools what not to do and why they
should not do it so basically don't take
this these parent services because it's
detrimental to your health most
physically and mentally so in terms of a
clean nation this could mean anything
right we've got very changeable weather
here in Moscow at the moment so it could
be that the roads are dirty where this
it makes no sense whatsoever and I think
that mr. Craven he's been well known to
be not a fan of Russia so you know if
you like clean athletes come from a
clean nation if you want to extend that
kind of like a you know link of you know
just kind of a diss leap from one factor
of fact so physically in donations clean
it can't be the way around it doesn't
make sense whatsoever so I think it's
just maybe mix up a little and of course
the Olympic Charter itself as we
discussed earlier Kate that actually
says very clearly that they oppose any
political abuse of athletes the sport
and certainly as we discussed last hour
it's got an unprecedented thing to ban
an entire team for doping to have a
blanket ban we gave the example and
earlier of South Africa which faced
similar measures for the apartheid
regime would in terms of blanket ban for
doping that's certainly quite
unprecedented certainly questions are
being asked whether this could have a
political meaning behind it and also
isn't it a case of sort of the
practicality of one thing I couldn't
quite get my head round with this
decision was kind of it's a lack of a
decision it's a delay they've made a
decision in the IOC the IOC say that
okay we have a system here now that we
think is what they say it's a
presumption of innocence there for
Russians who can prove that they're keen
can
part in the Olympics so why not the
Paralympics it doesn't make sense if
they said okay look guys we want you to
prove XY and Z okay Rush's we'll go and
prove it if they don't well tough luck
you didn't prove it but there is nothing
being given and it is in terms of us as
the grabs it earlier on the athlete said
that you know this is the greatest event
for money of these people's lives and we
know in every society people who compete
and such person Paralympics they they
you know this is one way they can be
included into society and Russia has
made such great strides in like two
weeks could had an AB Olympics which
basically was the biggest ever gathering
of people with you know who are in
valise in in Russia where they came from
all over Russia to take part in like you
know work work skills and sports as well
you know it started in Japan now and
Russia to have it's it was the biggest
ever gathering globally so Russia's made
huge strides to get this inclusivity for
people with difficulties whether it be
education or physical and never have
been told sorry you're not good enough
and there's also the psychological
aspect as well isn't that I mean not
only is it a logistical problem for
those people who are organizing the
whole event but also in terms of
psychologically for the athletes they've
got this sword of Damocles hanging over
their head they still don't know they
don't well well this press conference
was planned for Friday originally they
brought it forward with this half a page
statement effectively put up at the
final decision as you say will be in
January now that's just a few weeks
before the actual event itself so that
these athletes are neither here nor
there do we train that we prepare or
anticipating we will go under a neutral
flag or what's getting to happen and
it's affecting athletes really not only
Russians themselves because I think a
lot of athletes now as Alan rightly
mentioned earlier they're uncertain now
of the burden of proof the level of
evidence that's required to prove that
one is clean we have one here all Erina
gone down and who expressed his take on
the whole situation how that's affecting
him let's take a listen to what he had
to say I hope that we will be able to
see some evidence for what they're being
punished and that is not that there are
some marks on the bottles because then I
will be terribly afraid of giving
samples and just just going to the
evidence which we discussed earlier
would struggle to stand up and really in
a court of law
the Investigative Committee themselves
they've said they're pretty sure that
there was you know high state level
maths typing programs they've even
presented some evidence to to to back up
those claims but they themselves have
said that there is no you know
conclusive steadfast evidence that would
prove this beyond a doubt and surely
there's something you'd need to enforce
a decision like this banning an entire
team
the key point that when we were looking
through the test case before the one
that they'd put forward from the ILC
decision was that overall it's based on
a presumption of guilt because they said
they couldn't definitively prove it
because of you know they said there
wasn't enough evidence they'd missing
samples and so forth and the lack of
computers but the presumption there of
guilt rather than innocence here but in
this case it's a blanket presumption as
now completely I mean and this is
remember this all goes back to one man
one man who was already been warned
about mining many times even myself I
warned at this persons by this is very
much a cough who is now in protective
custody in the US so this is a guy who
you know was a sort of a for sale
chemist and helping people to cheat unto
a cheetah's system developing ever
better drug so that people would not be
detected and be caught out now
everything to McLaren report which all
this comes from is based on his word in
his word alone or the thousand athletes
named enough report it's now boiled down
to less than three hundred of all the
names were presented to the IOC a couple
of weeks ago there were only Russians
yet we already knew he himself had said
and we it's well known that he worked
with her for enough lease yet this has
been geared towards Russia so you know
that she said this this is okay you're
perfectly correct in saying that the
presumption of guilt is already there
before your people have to prove
themselves innocent that's not the way
the justice system works and also they
don't have a lot of time to do it and
that's the key point isn't it here by
the time this decision comes through you
guys this is going to be the 26 to the
28th of January and the game start what
the Paralympics is like nights of March
so it's not very long is it and it end
of the day and also for an appeal as
well so I'm plus we were talking about
the financial implications as well
because while some let's say able-bodied
athletes would have big marketing
companies or a big big sponsors they can
afford to waste her time and waste money
in
yes for a question welcome but these
people don't they're being brought into
society using sport as the medium I've
never been told sorry you can't because
we can't give you a reason but you just
can't I'm afraid we're gonna have to
leave it there Jen we've run out of time
Alan more sports host and artiste Daniel
Hawkins thank you very much guys thank
you
