we want justice we want justice we want
justice we want justice don't ignore
we want justice I was working at the
front line with them I was working in
whole Afghanistan I was always
participating in the battle for
circulation together with the German
senior mentors with the German generals
when I started my duty they told me that
we will help you if if you face some
problems
now we have the stamp of German war in
Afghanistan in our forehead so we ask
from German official to clean the stamp
and to request to relocate us to the
safe place
we receive direct and indirect rates
side Mohammad Salva who was killed fifty
days ago by the militants his tortured
and his his face is smashed you should
show them that we are really in danger
we are not here for picnic we are not
here for passing our time so we are here
to show them that we are really in
danger we have really a big problem
you
