British lawmakers have slammed social
media giants for failing to crack down
on hate speech one MP was particularly
tough on a Twitter official for not
deleting an anti-semitic tweet that
tweet is still up on your platform why
is it I don't know the answer to that
question what is it that we have to do
to get you to take it down we are
constantly looking at these policies and
looking at these processes I will take
that tweets away and I will come back to
you with the definitive answer as to why
it is still there well social media
Giants have been facing growing pressure
to combat hateful and abusive behavior
online in response Twitter has recently
introduced new policies that target
accounts calling for violence but the
platforms been accused of being
selective over whom it decides to purge
Arty's Jacqueline Vega has more details
the Twitter purged the social network
has launched its campaign to root out
hate speech we will require offending
tweets to be removed and repeated
violations will result in permanent
suspension among the first to go offline
the account of the far-right UK
political group Britain first known for
offensive anti-muslim posts as well as
personal pages of its leaders Paul
Golding and his deputy Jada Franzen
Donald Trump came under fire for
retweeting her anti-muslim posts last
month so far Trump's page is still up
and running the white supremacist
magazine American Renaissance and its
editor were also booted off along with
the American Nazi party's page racist
and discriminatory accounts like these
surely have to be shut down but the
problem is so far the punishments don't
seem to be being doled out with an even
hand something clearly shown by the
number of users who recently posted
scores of death threats and promises of
violence to the Federal Communications
Commission chief over his campaign to
scrap net neutrality in the u.s. this
user employed both racist terms and
called for violence but the account is
still active another tweet laying out a
desire to kill pie is still readily
available and it goes on from there
active accounts glorifying and inciting
violence even his wife and children were
named and attacked and the past pi
himself has called Twitter out as one of
the problems with an open Internet
here's to have a double standard when it
comes to suspending or D verifying
conservative users accounts as opposed
to those of liberal users this conduct
miss many things now twitter has
admitted it will make mistakes in the
quest to make the platform a safer place
but so far it's hate purge seems more
than a little messy and uneven the
people at Twitter just like other social
media platforms are under tremendous
pressure because they just see
themselves as sort of neutral players
but in reality Twitter is an active
participant in the political process on
the side of the left hateful speech I I
just I just don't know where I don't
even know where that begins and ends and
it it seems like it's always up to
someone else what what hate is just hate
speech in and of itself the phrase
itself is always used against
conservatives it's never you never hear
about hate speech from the left the
restrictions are always on conservatives
never on liberals and so I I don't I
don't take any effort to sort of police
Twitter or Facebook seriously as a fair
exercise
