local elections encounter lonely this
Thursday could decide the fate of the
region's independence bid Madrid says
that the secession movement has been
based on what it calls post truth Marti
Schiller Dubinsky has more just a few
days to go now before those elections on
Thursday December 21st and the Spanish
Deputy Prime Minister has taken the
opportunity to slam the former
separatist leaders of Catalonia she has
branded them as betraying their
supporters when they called that
independence referendum earlier this
year and she described that referendum
as being a fake the worst betrayal has
been to Catalan who genuinely believed
in Independence because they were made
to believe that he would come true when
in reality it was our big show a
symbolic episode a fake in the full
sense of the word back on October 27th
the Catalonian government of Catalonia
Parliament declared that Catalonia was
an independent state within an hour of
that happening Madrid took some very
unprecedented steps and actually took
control aback of the region using a
piece of legislation that had never been
used before in the 30 years since it has
been created now the deputy Spanish
prime minister was then asked to take
control of the region to steer it
towards these elections on December 21st
now she has accused the Catalan leaders
the former leaders of that region of
misusing public funds saying that they
use public funds towards their goal of
creating that independence referendum
and she said by doing that they're
actually neglected other areas such as
the judiciary health and education now
the Spanish prime minister as we know
also called back on October 27th for
these new fresh elections which will
take place on Thursday at the same time
the local government of Catalonia was
dissolved some of those separatist
leaders were arrested and several other
warrants were issued for the former
Catalan president Carlos bucheron - it
actually traveled to Brussels where he
remains evading that European arrest
however he has still be campaigning for
this election on Thursday from his base
now in Brussels in Belgium the reality
is we don't know whether this election
on Thursday will play into the hands of
the separatists again all will play back
into the hands of the spanish prime
minister it is a big gamble and this
still could go either way
