Amtrak train has derailed on a major
highway commuter route in Pierce County
Washington State the Pierce County
Sheriff's Office has tweeted that quote
injuries and casualties have been
reported stating that exact numbers will
be revealed soon now this all occurred
during the morning rush hour
and now highway lanes are being blocked
according to the Washington Department
of Transportation
our correspondent in Washington Samir
Khan joins me on the line now Samir we
just saw some pictures there it looks
like there's a really bad traffic
situation and that this was a pretty
nasty accident what happened well an
Amtrak train just derailed onto I five a
highway just 40 miles south of Seattle
Washington injuries and casualties like
you said have been reported but
unfortunately the exact number is
unknown at the moment the highway is now
closed but first responders are at the
scene and they're treating it as a mass
casualty incident but unfortunately we
don't have any more details but we'll
continue to provide you with the latest
updates yeah we can see from those
pictures though things this looks like a
particularly nasty incident we'll bring
those details then as soon as they come
in many thanks Samir
