staying in Austria where a so-called
burka ban has caused trouble for a local
Santa the man was pulled over by police
in Vienna as his white beard was
covering most of his face
now the anti-mask or burka ban law has
have been enforced in Austria since
October the Sante in question was
detained on his way from a once a
Nicholas Day celebration to another the
man had to take off his white and red
cloak after being stopped he may now
face a hundred and fifty euro fine his
lawyer believes there are not grounds
for prosecution I think such cases
happened maybe almost every week my
client is working as a Santa Claus every
year he loves children he loves to help
people so he's going around and has a
lot of appointments on each day in
kindergartens and schools and places
like that it was just kind of a
provocation and a confession of failure
in my legal point of view this incident
is not applicable by the law because he
was in his private car he had not
covered his full face so there was no
reason even to take off for example his
red frock
