high-tech event in Moscow has seen man
and machine working in perfect harmony
from new devices to help people with
disabilities to some next level
face recognition software Dan Hawkins
takes a look innovation in practice
Congress where business meets science
and some of the brightest young minds in
one of Moscow's top universities get to
meet leading figures from academia the
public and private sector NGOs
brainstorm their ideas and showcase what
they have to offer
there's a real emphasis here on a
virtual reality and anything digital all
part of Russia's drive for a
high-technology economy
Yuri hi so what is this operators here
do it can detect your emotions and we're
editing it and what can this actually be
used for in real life it can be useful
for events or for marketing hungry
because that breakfast-table bTW we can
do it or maybe in the future maybe from
virtual 3d simulators and sports
psychology software to robotics and
rough terrain vehicle prototypes there's
something here for everyone and even the
opportunity to try some in practice now
it's hard to believe but my hand is
actually now moving pretty much of its
own accord for me this is a really
strange feeling but for somebody who
might have a spinal injury or be
paralyzed this machinery which only has
one analog in the whole world would be a
life changer and the latest technology
is used for mind as well as matter like
this system which reads body signals to
identify and tackle psychological
pressures this is a stress tester we can
train a person to lower their own stress
levels to control them and eventually to
get rid of their own phobias this
particular device has already been put
to use while others if they impress
enough you may soon seen use in our own
day-to-day lives and you're walking
Sarty Moscow
