so in what's been called a matter of
public health no less France has banned
mobile phones from its primary and
middle schools during break times
there's already a ban in force but now
it's coming in during their break times
rest times indeed the new ruling won't
come into effect until next term
September but students using phones at
school has already been a divisive topic
in other countries including the US and
the UK let's get some live reaction to
what this is going to mean from some
from guests now I think there were
further ends of this we've got Matteo
bergamini on the line founder and
director of a shout out UK Youth
communications platform I think your
profiles will soon find out hi anyway
and we've also got Naomi Austin hi Naomi
a senior lecturer in fashion design and
promotion at Sunderland University in
northeast England okay
some France is saying here there was a
ready ab an enforcer during class time
anyway on phones but it's saying hey
guys no you can't even use these phones
in your break time in your rest time in
your downtime
fair enough or not Mateo first yeah and
I think I think it's you're just
legislating for a problem that doesn't
exist I mean I think you know
technology's coming you know these
things are around people have them and
you're legislating for I think a problem
that really doesn't exist I mean I'm 25
I remember when I was in secondary
school and you weren't on your phone the
entire time you know when you were in
your breaks you're either playing
football or hanging out with your mates
you're trying to deal with a problem
that is or being stereotyped by the
media about young people constantly
being on the phone constantly being
hooked on it and it just it's a myth it
doesn't really exist so myth or problem
Naomi and is it a fact that the kids are
getting more initially they're
forgetting how to play they're totally
absorbed on their phones whatever
they're doing on their phones what do
you think about it good plan or not this
I think it's an excellent plan to be
honest I think social media is just
taking over at the minute I am I teach
university level but I've taught it
further education level and I just think
interaction between students and
teachers are so important they need to
leave the phones at home
leave them till they leave the classroom
even in break time they need to sort of
concentrate on what they're doing within
class time I just think if we all the
degrees without mobile phones we we
coped without mobile phones it's like
say we killed for that penicillin years
ago we did but it didn't mean the world
was a better place for it I mean we're
talking about the kids great time here
well I just think let them interact
between each other just why do they need
their phones talk to each other people
young kids have started to forget the
art of conversation you're finding I'm
fine I just don't have that conversation
anymore Matteo I don't think that's true
at all I don't think again I think it's
it's this idea of this top-down approach
where a generation is out of touch with
young people it's sort of saying that
you know we don't know how to
communicate with people we don't know
how to engage with people that is is you
simply not true it's the idea that oh
you know we coped well with our mobile
phones yes of course we did we cope well
without the internet we cope well
without cars we cook well without houses
if you go far back enough but the
society is moving forward but what about
this study just not what about this
study matteri 2015 working paper
published by the London School of
Economics says that schools that ban
mobile phones saw test scores for their
16 year-olds improved by 6.4 percent or
the equivalent of adding 5 days to the
school went on to say we found that not
only did student achievement improve but
also that low achieving and low-income
students gained the most so apparent the
scientific fact that if if the kids are
on the phones too much they don't do as
well I mean I'm sure I'm sure that there
is there is some relevance in that but
personally I don't think that banning
them is is the way forward the reality
is the technology should be embraced and
we should include that within within our
educational system
you know I'm not saying that we should
allow kids to go in there phones rolling
faster as opposed to carry on Naomi yeah
what you think no sorry I was just going
to sort of interject where and say the
the the kids have the phones that can
use the phones away from school college
whatever they can do that research or
whatever using the phones I'm not saying
I have my phone with me pretty much all
the time but I teach fashion marketing I
teach social media so it's important for
me to have that but what I find is a
totally stunned by what I say about
communication it's just that the
students life - I've taught for 15 years
when I mean do did you want phones taken
off the kids as they planning on doing
in France or what in well in college in
university when they're in that time the
whole time they're in college school
even straight then just put that leave
the phones even in the breaks the French
Health Minister here the Education
Minister sighting is a matter of public
health he's saying kids need to get out
and play rather than standing in a
corner bit on the phone or looking at
whatsapp whatever and that's I just
think again it's um you know we're
talking in the media a lot about mental
health in young people it's it's become
a lot more common now talking about this
man to help this depression anxiety
that's rife and I think this is a lot to
do with kids looking with fake heads you
know up to the age of 18 whatever if
they're looking at very mobile phone
they're relying on social media - you're
seeing the the best or worst of people
on social media this is what I think why
don't they just come off phones and talk
to my friends during the break time play
just do what we all used to do as kids
and then take their phones when they go
home and just you know just leave it for
what six hours right I think society's
moved on tonight it's not you know you
can't go back to what what would well
from what I'm understanding this idea
that there's there was
better time without of this technology
technology is here to stay and we should
embrace him we should open with it the
point about mental health I mean I don't
think that Mentos had this mental health
epidemic that our society is facing is
missing you know using phones as the
scapegoat isn't the issue if you're
gonna talk about mental health them
you've got to look at the entirety of
the problem is that young people are
faced with for example a rising housing
market the fact that jobs aren't stable
the fact they feel voices within a
political system that has been ignoring
them for years all of these kind of
things that will bring in this idea of
mental health not because they're on a
phone most of the time or not because
they suddenly start using technology so
nothing mental health is the reason I
think we're trying to legislate or
trying to blame something a bit of
Technology because it's more convenient
to blame it on then and look at the
whole of the mental health issue when in
reality is that we're having a
generation which is ask me in baking for
the same opportunities that our parents
had but then our being denigrated
insightful for for asking for that for
that for the same opportunity
I don't think phones are the reason for
for this mentor how every Niomi as I
would also say that as a teacher could
you look at it and say that well
actually a mobile phone is could
potentially be looked at I mean maybe
this is wishful thinking could be a
potential learning resource for kids
it's a tool it's just at all well just
learn it we do use it as a learning
resource but they use it sort of in my
free time when they're not sort of maybe
at night or something well use it you
see the problem I have is we we use most
lists if I teach is online they can
access it on their phones we do use
phones sometimes I will use it to sort
of just discuss things but actually I'll
rather go on a computer in my session to
go through that we've got enough
computers at the university to to not
have to rely on phones
and yes it is a great learning resource
we can access things like at night I'm
doing a lot of my research I use things
like Pinterest and we've got a site we
use called wjsn which is a worldwide
online site Alex that's all of that on
my phone but I'll do it at home at night
but you know I've been a teacher how
hard pressed you guys are everything you
going to do as well as the teaching if
you've also got a Marshall this actually
physically
phones off kids make sure they get the
right phones back make sure things
aren't messed up where'd you start first
there's a whole nother layer that surely
you don't want to see I have to deal
with I think I think it's harder for me
because I teach you know over 18s now so
really they could turn around to me and
say we're not going along with this we
don't agree with this but I have there's
a lot of respect with between me and my
students and we've had this discussion
in fact just last week kind of why I'm
here we had a discussion about it and
they said to be honest my class were all
quite happy to leave their phones I
leave my phone in the office during
university time so you know why can't
they do the same and they'll kind of in
agreement with me but again we were
talking about the mental health and I do
still again stand by the fact that I
think you know conversation it's I know
we can't go goes how it used to be
it's kind of a shame but how it used to
be was log books I could read that in
school tell were there I wish I had
phones when I was a kid know me Austin
see electrode of fashion design
promotions Sunland University thanks
your time i tera Bergamini founder and
director of shout out UK let you get
back to your phones or maybe thanks guys
nice see you
