VI files have revealed that the agency's
former director james comey had his
statements on hillary clinton's misuse
of a private email server heavily edited
a human senate committees been reviewing
some of the changes to the documents
there is just some of what they found
then first there are repeated edits to
reduce Hillary Clinton's culpability
decides that there are also references
removed about the intelligence
community's role in identifying
vulnerabilities and the Senate committee
picked up on a downgrade of likely
hostile actors that may have penetrated
secretary Clinton's emails it's a twist
to some of the agents involved in the
editing it seems were part of the same
investigation team into allegations of
collusion between Trump and Russia
Callebaut pin breaks it all down it
turns out the detective work is not only
for the FBI at this point many different
US institutions are engaged in
investigations and it can get pretty
confusing from Prussia investigating a
criminal investigation into President
Trump for possible obstruction of
justice I reopen the Clinton
investigation investigation into a 2010
uranium deal that involved Russia I'm
not a fan of the investigation first
there was the probe into hillary clinton
and her time as Secretary of State when
she used a private server for her emails
and compromised national security we can
call that probe number one after that
lawmakers who were unhappy with the
results launched a probe of their own to
investigate the FBI's initial probe will
call that probe number two this found
that one of the FBI investigators Peter
Strock exchanged pro-clinton and
anti-trump text messages with his
colleague electronic records show that
Peter struck changed former FBI director
James Comey earlier draft language
describing Clinton's actions in handling
classified materials from quote grossly
negligent - extremely careless so one of
the FBI agents who was doing the
investigation may not have been
completely impartial
now I hate to bring it up again but we
all know about the ongoing investigation
into allegations of Russia Trump
collusion we can call that probe number
three
so agent struck is the link that
connects all three he was investigating
Hillary Clinton and he himself was
investigated in probe number two and he
was investigating and working on probe
number three before he was fired over
those anti-trump text messages
Republicans obviously were not pleased
he says Trump is an effing idiot what
the f just happened to our country what
happens when people who are supposed to
cure the conflict of interest have even
greater conflicts of interest than those
they replace that's not a rhetorical
question at this point it's pretty safe
to say that the first three
investigations were a mess but Congress
has come up with a solution point a
second Special Counsel to look into this
to look into Peter struck Bruce or
everything else we have learned in the
last several weeks you guessed it more
investigations Kaleb Maupin RT New York
well US political commentator John
Griffin believes more probes more
investigations a pointless though and
may even be illegally things the bar has
been set solo on this investigation
especially after all intelligence
agencies have said that there absolutely
was no impact on vote tally and there's
even disagreement as to whether or not
Russia did intervene in the u.s.
election especially after the DNC now
came forward and said that their leaks
were not related to a Russian hack so I
think that any additional investigation
would not only be superfluous it would
actually be a violation of double
jeopardy laws and protections in the
Constitution and it would amount to
nothing more than a witch hunt I think
this neo McCarthyism needs to stop
