well we did not withdraw from the
fundamental treaties that are the
cornerstone of the international
security architecture we did not
withdraw from the ABM Treaty it was the
United States who did that now we are
hearing things about intermediate-range
missiles I think this is propaganda
campaign in preparation for the u.s. to
withdraw from the street actually they
have actually withdrawn from this treaty
already they're accusing us but what did
they do they deployed a missile defense
systems in Romania and the way they did
it is they deployed Aegis launchers
there they moved them from sea to land
and those systems can be easily
converted or replaced those interceptor
missiles could be replaced with
intermediate range missiles so this
process is already underway and if
things continue to go this way nothing
good will come out of it but we don't
plan to withdraw from any treaty
ourselves
