New York has narrowly avoided a deadly
terrorist attack police have detained
one suspect - along with three other
people sustained non-life-threatening
injuries in an explosion at the city's
main bus terminal the state governor
says the man was influenced by extremist
groups including Islamic state I would
say influenced I don't like the
connotation of the word inspired but
influenced by these groups here you can
see what's believed to be the moment of
the explosion we can't verify the
authenticity of the video and you can
see a flash followed by a cloud of white
smoke and people fleeing
as the smoke clears one person is seen
lying on the ground caleb Maupin reports
from the scene of the attack well we're
here on eighth Avenue and the city is
breathing a sigh of relief in the
aftermath of an explosion in the subways
now rush hour in New York City is quite
a big deal Monday morning people are
pouring in crowded subway trains there
appears to have been a blast now it's
being called a terrorist attack or an
attempted terrorist attack the attacker
has been identified as a 27 year old
male details are beginning to surface
and at the moment the city is breathing
a sigh of relief now eighth Avenue is
now open up for traffic and the incident
took place very close to the Port
Authority building now the Port
Authority building is the main bus
terminal for Manhattan people coming in
from New Jersey commuter buses as well
as buses from around the country coming
in on greyhound all come in to the Port
Authority building and that building was
shut down in the aftermath of the blast
now there was reports of a stampede and
fear people running not knowing what was
happening but at the moment it appears
that there are no fatalities only
injuries and these injuries are
non-life-threatening so a lot of
questions are being asked people are
wondering how safe things are in the
morning rush hour as you see crowds and
crowds of people piled into subway
trains trying to get into Manhattan
people are asking about safety now here
in New York City Police Department is on
the scene their helicopters have been
flying above there are also
Department vehicles around we understand
that the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task
Force is investigating this this is
being treated as a terrorist incident
here in New York City but at the moment
the suspect is in custody and there are
no fatalities Neal police have
identified the suspect as 27 year old
Akai Adela he had strapped a low-tech
explosive device to his body which badly
injured him when it went off just a
month ago the city was hit by its
deadliest attack since 9/11
mr. safe fob had been planning this for
a number of weeks he did this in the
name of Isis Virginia State Senator
Richard black believes that it's
inevitable that countries with open
borders become targets for attacks to
some extent people are just accepting
the fact that we live in a world of
terror we never had terrorist attacks in
the United States for you know for a
hundred years and then all of a sudden
we have them almost on a weekly basis
it's not just in the United States is
happening in Europe everywhere that
opens its borders and allows people who
arrived with with a often with a
religious belief that they have to slay
the inhabitants of the country it's
inevitable that you're going to have
this we have very radical mosques that
function in this country and over in
Europe and they literally preach hate
and they say look go out you know it's
your duty to to murder people and they
go out and they do it and sometimes it
takes many years some of these people
are not even religious and then they you
know they have a religious conversion
later on and if they go to one of these
bad mosques then then the next thing
that you have is a there's a suicide
bomber
