news just in here on RT Israel has
attacked Hamas positions in the Gaza
Strip that's after the Palestinian
militants reportedly fired at least one
rocket targeting IDF positions
it's the latest violence in the wake of
Donald Trump's announcement that the US
would recognize Jerusalem as Israel's
capital the movers sparked a wave of
anger across the region and indeed
around the world meanwhile Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu he was
continuing his European trip where he's
trying to rouse support for Donald
Trump's move he's now in Brussels where
he was met by a protest against Trump's
decision and earlier during the first
leg of his stripper pro-palestinian
rally took place in Paris just prior to
his arrival Israeli prime ministers
already met the French president and the
EU foreign policy chief with top
European politicians making it clear
that they don't welcome Trump's decision
I expressed to Prime Minister Netanyahu
my disappointment of the u.s. presidents
declaration and explained that France
sees it is contrary to international law
and is dangerous to peace I think the
sooner the Palestinians come to grips
with this reality the sooner we'll move
towards peace the only realistic
solution to the conflicts between Israel
and Palestine is based on two States
withdrew solemn as the capital of both
the State of Israel and the state of
Palestine along the 67 line I believe
that all or most of the European
countries will move their embassies to
Jerusalem recognized Jerusalem as
Israel's their capital Britain's Prime
Minister condemned Trump's decision as
unhelpful saying she disagreed with the
move Germany's foreign minister
expressed fears it could worsen the
israeli-palestinian conflict
okay let's discuss this issue now I'm
joined live on the line by Mustafa
Barghouti he's the leader of the
Palestinian national initiative and also
you're editing her who's a retired
Israeli ambassador good evening to you
both gentlemen feel free to discuss
amongst yourselves as well I'd like to
start by asking you yoram the --use
foreign policy chief today told
Netanyahu Europe wouldn't be following
Trump's example does this suggest that
EU Israeli relationship will now
deteriorate or will this just be
forgotten in the short term well the
only thing it means is that the
Europeans as expected as expected are
determined to learn from past mistakes
by repeating rather than avoiding them
the fact is that stalling the American
decision to relocate the embassy to
Jerusalem for the last 22 years since
Congress passed the law of the
relocation of the embassy to Jerusalem
that stalling did not bring peace closer
it only intensified Palestinian hate
education it exacerbated Palestinian
terrorism and that perception and
rightly so has been in the Middle East
and outside the Middle East that the
u.s. gives in to terror to threats to
pressure and in fact allows Arab veto
over its policy this is not a way that
any country should conduct its foreign
policy certainly not a superpower like
the United States and equally equally
egregious has been the fact that not
relocating the embassy to Jerusalem
forced the Arabs to outflank the u.s.
from the radical side namely if the u.s.
does not recognize Jerusalem as Israel's
capital well the Arabs have to up the US
by presenting even more maximalist more
radical position and that certainly
has made the progress of peace and
impossibility
proof is in the pudding let's give my
staff a chance to respond go ahead I
think what the Ambassador told you is
absolute nonsense
he doesn't make sense he's just
repeating propaganda what we are
actually suffering from is the Zionist
terrorism against Palestinians since
1948 that has led to the cleansing and
now the longest occupation in modern
history and it is now complicated by the
creation of the worst system of
apartheid in the whole the worst system
of apartheid in the world it is the
United States and Israel and mr.
Netanyahu and your ambassador together
against 151 countries of the world
Israel and the United States are
isolated in their position to declare
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel
simply because you cannot allow annexing
occupied territories this is a violation
of international law what the United
States has done is to make itself
participant in violating international
law in committing our crime and they
will have to pay a price for that that's
why they are isolated today I think the
Palestinian struggle for freedom the
Palestinian struggle for real peace will
continue this decision of mr. Trump did
not affect and will not affect the legal
or international position of Jerusalem
okay I'm a Mustafa I want to hear what
the US ambassador to the UN nikki Haley
had to say on this just have a quick
listen to nikki Haley when you recognize
the truth when both parties recognize
reality peace comes we are living in the
reality that Jerusalem is the capital of
Israel yoram nikki Haley says her
reality Jerusalem is the capital but
most people on the planet the vast
majority of people on the planet that
isn't their reality well their reality
is with all due respect that Jerusalem
has been the capital of the Jewish
people more recently of the jury state
for over 3,000 years
King David is 78 how can you make it
3,000 years
this is falsification of history can't
you can't falsify a lovely Israeli
existing on this event or are you going
and person finishes point please okay
okay anyone who took or took history 101
knows that King David was the one who
initiated Jerusalem as the capital of
the Jewish people over 3,000 years ago
anyone who studies religion knows that
the Quran does not mention Jerusalem
even once even once when we talk about
most people relax about Israel would you
let me speak if you that's fine would
you speak okay no I didn't ask you any
questions I would have talked nothing
okay now when it come on it when it
comes when it comes to those talks about
isolation the Palestinians have been
isolated in the Arab world the fact is
that the Palestinians have been showered
by Arab talk but never never by Arab
walk and the question is why is that and
the response is very clear in the night
Mahmoud Abbas Mahmoud Abbas and Arafat
had to flee Egypt for subversion and
terrorism in 1966 Mahmoud Abbas and
Arafat had to flee Syria for subversion
and terrorism a logistical Yoram just
just because we haven't got to
time left I want to give Mahmoud a
chance sorry Mustafa a chance to respond
to what you had to say the mustafa go
ahead i'm really sorry for this level of
discussion because it's full of lies and
misrepresentation but i'm not going to
answer that the basic fact is that
Israel is an occupying power Germany
occupied most of Russia during the
Second World War that did not mean that
countries would recognize that
occupation because it's a fact Nazis
occupied France that did not mean that
people would recognize the occupation of
France because it's a fact as much as
Jerusalem cannot be recognized as a
capital of Israel because Jerusalem is
occupied by Israel and that's a
violation of international law
I don't know how why they are feeling so
happy when 151 countries of the world
are saying to them you are wrong and
this step is going to complicate the
situation and is going to make the
future of both Palestinians and Israel
is much worse okay I'll have to indicate
there are just a but we are simply a big
mistake
Stafford much appreciated Mustafa
Barghouti leader of the Palestinian
national initiative my other guest Yoram
Ettinger retired israeli ambassador
thank you gentlemen
