British newspaper The Times has thrown
some accusations at this network
regarding our coverage of the UK's
Grenfell Tower tragedy in its article
The Times accuses RT of attempting to
ignite a class war in Britain with its
coverage of the tragic event it also
accused the channel of miss reporting
that 10 million pounds had been spent on
cladding so as to make the building less
of an eyesore for rich residents nearby
on top of that the time says that we
should have made clear that one of our
guests
Lisa Mackenzie as research fellow at the
London School of Economics is also an
activist for the anarchist group class
war and finally RT hosts a Shinra tanzy
a Max Keiser are accused of being too
critical of the authorities while
covering the Grenfell tower tragedy as
well as of indulging in conspiracy
theories the Graham folktale fire
occurred in June of this year it claimed
the lives of 71 people the building had
been on fire for 60 hours before it was
extinguished the tragedy sparked
widespread outrage in British society
with many people angry that perceived
failings by local authorities early
respect to RT Sputnik host and former
British MP George Galloway he called the
article in The Times embarrassing the
very idea that disaster in which 71 at
least 71 poor people men women and
children were burned to death as a
result of the failure of their landlord
which is the richest borough
in England the Royal Borough of
Kensington and Chelsea feeling to make
proper safety provision for them and
cladding their building in Arsenic I'm
not making that up the cladding was made
of arsenic which poisoned those who were
not actually burned to death
the idea that British anger at this is
the responsibility of RT and of the
Russians is beyond offensive it is
obscene and I live work
in the area around Granville Tower I
have to look at it every day I can still
smell it every day I'm a school governor
in a school where there are children who
have still not been rehoused six months
after this infernal the idea that we're
all angry because the russians told us
to be angry is as i say beyond offensive
it is positively obscene
