hello and welcome to crosstalk we're all
things to consider
I'm Peter LaBelle Donald Trump is making
history again this time in the Middle
East Russia is banned from the 2018
Winter Olympics is this politics on
steroids and do neo-cons and Niihau
Saakashvili have no shame
crosstalking some real news i'm joined
by my guest mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have Alex Christopher he
is the director and writer for the duran
calm and we have victor xi he is a
political analyst as well as a leading
expert at the center for actual politics
all right gentleman crosstalk rolls in
effect that means you can jump in
anytime you want and I always appreciate
it
the Reaver the ricochet effect of Donald
Trump recognizing Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel continues and we all
expected that here mark I understand
you've been mining the pearls of wisdom
coming from that woman that has a PhD in
hillbilly Studies nikki Haley at the
United Nations I have to say that this
stand-up comedian that the u.s. assent
to the Security Council is even funnier
than the last one although I know she's
largely taking her crib notes she's got
some some zingers that she's
extemporaneously add to provide us some
zingers here all right so nikki Haley
the US has done much more to the UN I'm
sorry has done much more to damage the
prospects for Middle East peace than to
advance them we will not be a party to
that the u.s. no longer stands by when
Israel is unfairly attacked in the
United Nations when has the u.s. ever
stood by and the United States will not
be lectured to by countries that lack
any credibility when it comes to
treating both Israelis and of
credibility I think those are the key
words so I guess the u.s. is not going
to lecture itself at being as the one
that it's lacks the most credibility
when it comes to mediating between it's
so transparent here is that you know
there was the Security Council was
called an emergency meeting everyone
discussed it and we had one country one
ambassador to the United Nations
defending it I mean it's been roundly
criticized as we all expected it would
be it is very very rare that an American
president makes a decision that has
absolutely no benefit for his own
country and this is exactly such a
decision this decision is not beneficial
to the United States in
it's very detrimental to the US
diplomacy in the Middle East into the US
position in the Middle East and the
overall in the world I think you can
even go further Alex I think you know
when allies are put into a precarious
position I mean like it or not the
United States and Israel are close
allies here but Trump is actually
endangering Israel and it's in much the
same way that the American ally in the
in Asia South Korea is being threatened
because you know it Donald Trump is
making a decision over their heads as it
were in really defining with their
security and facade which they they're
not aligned as Donald Trump seems to
understand how the word the world works
yeah sure I mean he set the Middle East
on fire with this announcement and I
just can't imagine how they're going to
move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem without billions and billions
of dollars in security and I mean it's
it's just gonna be a complete mess it's
gonna be a complete mess but more than
that I think we should focus on Trump's
decision that it was a very much a
populist decision we may all criticize
it but when you look at the mainstream
media and you look at a lot of the US
population therefore this decision they
may not know that the nuance is gonna
say they don't understand the
geopolitical so they're totally grew
that but when you look at even Obama
even Clinton they were for moving the
embassy to Jerusalem they just didn't
have the guts to do it and here comes
Trump who just comes in and says let's
do it and so I mean people in general
the u.s. the public and a lot of the the
high political class and the mainstream
media are behind this decision and
they've expressed that they're behind
the decision I would see something about
why Clinton and Bush and so forth who
who made the promises of moving the
embassy and then do it they weighed the
pros and cons and he said not to do it
based on that's why they had that waiver
which it was a get out of jail free card
why did they make those promises they
wanted to please the Israeli Lobby in in
Washington but at the same time not do
that not make detrimental decisions to
the decision that that detrimental to
the u.s. foreign policy but what does
this decision say about Washington today
it says a lot about the rising influence
of the Israeli Lobby in DC
this is the only the first and foremost
reason why this decision was made now
there's also there's another lobby
that's up-and-coming there and it's the
Saudi one here how does this work mark
here because I mean rhetorically of
course the Saudis have come out against
this okay I'm not sure they're actually
committed to it and maybe this is all
part of Jerry Jerry Kushner's big plan
for peace in the Middle East which we
know nothing about yeah no I think this
is just the Trump administration
stepping over its own feet and and and
managing to unite the entirety of the
world outside of the US and Israel
against it even in this case Saudi
Arabia even if mostly rhetorically now
I'm gonna borrow from both Victor and
from the US government officials own
playbook
they love to lecture other countries
officials from other countries that what
they do is not in the interests of their
own people well this move is not in the
interests of the American people but it
is in the interests of Donald J Trump
and this is why maybe the Bibi Netanyahu
because he's in political hot water
right now I've got if you'll bear with
me here Trump's 12 steps why this was
done all right
so Trump won it distracts the mainstream
media from the Russia Gate witch-hunt to
it placates and pleases the foreign
policy elite on both sides of the aisle
remember Chuck Schumer the Democratic
minority leader in the Senate encouraged
Trump to do that and he's quite proud
about that number three it plays to
Trump's domestic base number four it
finally ends the long-standing fiction
of the US as a neutral Middle East peace
negotiator number five it forces the
Arab regimes to remember Palestine
they'd all rather forget
really oh really number six it benefits
Russia at the end of the day as the
whole world looks a gassed at the US
number seven it fulfills Obama's
campaign declaration that Jerusalem is
the undivided capital of Israel I'm old
enough to remember when Obama promised
that declared that during his
campaign number eight it has the
neo-cons ready to declare him the second
coming number nine it has at least some
potential to make the fragile
palestinian political unification a
reality number 10 it's pretty much sure
to restart a new Intifada 11 it will
result in the deaths of many Israelis
Lebanese and even more Palestinians and
last but not least it's even further
destabilizes the Middle East and North
Africa powder keg
just like everything else the US does in
the region okay thank you for that
comprehensive listing let's talk about
the Russia being banned from the 2018
Olympics in South Korea in my
introduction I said is this politics is
poisonous politics on steroids this is
politics at its worst it's the
combination of it's an injection of
acute politics into sports into
international sports it's very obvious
that that Russian the Russian team being
banned from the Olympics in South Korea
has everything to do with the new cold
war being waged by the United States and
its allies against Moscow and very
little to do with the actual doping
scandals let's say member let's go back
to the night in the early 1980s you know
in 1980 the Washington and its allies
actually more than 50 countries
boycotted the Olympics in Moscow but
back then they were more honest they
didn't talk about doping or any other is
they honesty politics the reason it's
political they didn't like that the
Soviet Union was in Afghanistan and they
didn't like that
Mosca was challenging the u.s. somewhere
wouldn't you know wouldn't listen to
American orders and they boycotted the
Olympics in four years in army say
Moscow did the same with its allies and
boycotted the Olympics in the US and
then the cold war ended and for for
about two decades the Olympics went on
fine but then a new Cold War erupted and
we see this again
it seems to me Alexei this is like
desperation let's see it's throwing
sports right now okay to isolate Russia
I mean I'm not an expert on this doping
scandal or scandal if it's real or not
but it for me when I think of the Winter
Olympic Games I can't I can't think of
it without what the one of the Winter
Games superpowers Russia being there it
changes the dynamic completely yeah well
for politics no politics has changed the
dynamic completely and I think politics
has has found a way to destroy just
about every institution and organization
that we once thought was maybe neutral
it was about peace it was you know a
fair playing field it's not and I think
that's that's kind of the what sums up
the trump presidency to me is even with
Jerusalem even with with Hollywood now
and then the sexual abuse scales even
with the Olympics all the masks are off
we're starting to see everything very
transparently and with the Olympics
anyone that thought the Olympics was not
about politics was not about doping that
the athletes were not doping all the
athletes were doping is a fool
we know that the athletes are dopey look
at Tyson Gay look at Justin Gatlin Carl
Lewis Marion Jones the US had BALCO in
Silicon Valley
feeding drugs to every single athlete
Olympics baseball players football
players everyone was busted from Barry
Bonds to Mark McGwire to all of them
were busted doping but nothing that but
but the media will tell you that
Russians are genetically prone to doping
well the media just quoting James
clapper the for you former US than a
Director of National Intelligence who
said Russians are genetically
predisposed towards deceit can you
imagine that statement being made
against about any other in the US and
what would happen doing the fish exactly
well it's different for Russians because
most of phobias the new anti-semite but
let's be clear there was doping in
Russia like there is in most countries
right there there there is evidence of
that
but this politicized move to ban Russia
I mean common sense would be if an
individual is caught doping that person
should be banned or put put on some
kinds of a timeline to get back in why
is it an entire country because it
because of geopolitics of course because
the u.s. is angry at Syria and
and then in the US and blocking the u.s.
is a push from seizing control of at
least all of Ukraine but this is this is
very specific this is all based on a
report by this kind of security
contractor agency the world anti-doping
agency which farmed out its report to
one Canadian lawyer who based all of his
report on the testimony the jumpa name
sounds it sounds like we're talking
about other fake dossier short break and
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion on some real news stay
with our team welcome back to crosstalk
war all things are considered I'm Peter
Welch remind you we're discussing some
real news
okay gentlemen turn our attention to
some recent events with Yemen we just
recently we had a president rumba asking
through intermediaries the Saudis to
break the blockade of Yemen as far as we
know UN agencies report that that hasn't
happened why what's is this just optics
here or because I mean you know I think
some of our viewers saw this really lack
of responsibility from CBS on 60 minutes
a few weeks ago whitewashing America's
role in that probably the worst man-made
human humanity humanitarian disaster in
the world today look it's obviously
media optics at play I remember the
Obama administration reaction to a
bombing of a funeral procession in Yemen
a couple of years ago when the White
House essentially said that they're
going to look over the collaboration and
the military cooperation between
Washington and Riyadh and see how they
can influence Saudi Arabia to stop or to
modify the brutality of its campaign
against Yemen well where did that go
nowhere why you know and we see the same
thing happening today the United States
supports Saudi Arabia and its allies in
their in their fight against Houthis in
Yemen the United States government knows
full well what is happening in Yemen
something that is close to genocide
really mass hunger masculine diseases a
complete blockade when the United States
wants its allies to do or not do
something it it calls them and and it
tells them what to do or not to do and
usually it has an effect it's really
interesting I like this and we had
Tillerson come out in the last few days
I essentially telling the Saudis they
should be more thoughtful about how they
behave in the middle line I'd like to
see the entire transcript but when I
read that line I was really kind of
taken aback I mean about the the degree
of this tragedy going on
in Yemen and having that kind of
rhetoric come out of the Secretary of so
yeah I think it was complete optics I
think you're right I think Trump made
that announcement moments after he made
the announcement about Jerusalem and I
don't know what was going through his
team's his communication team's mind
when he made that announcement I think
he made it knowing that they're not
gonna push out a arabia to pull back
there so it's just gonna like check
could I say I just think it was just
kind of throwing the the Arab world of
bone after he just made a bombshell
announcement about Jerusalem
I didn't nobody bullets yeah I don't
think anyone expects you know Saturday
but the Pope change gears or anything
when I we have to cover so much here we
had the Russian Federation acting as an
intermediary for North Korea telling the
u.s. that the North Koreans are
interested in direct talks with the
United States I bet you didn't hear that
on in mainstream media it's very
important it's very interesting
considering the saber-rattling that we
have in media every time something
happens in North Korea well we also have
the the dueling bombastic statements
between Trump's Twitter feed and Kim
Jong Hwan through his state media
representatives insulting each other
back and forth but there are serious
people starting to be worried about you
know how tense things have got in this
situation and that is revealed by
discussion through select national
security reporters in the mainstream
media this week that have pointed out
that whatever our politicians Trump and
many others before him and right now
have tried to present the North Korean
leadership including Kim jong-un as a
madman as insane you know like Trump
himself that is being now dismissed by
the the CIA and the Pentagon's own
assessment which is now being brought
forward and highlighted that they say
that he is a rational actor acting in
his company's national country's
national security interests and that he
intends to use a nuclear weapon only as
a deterrent to protect his vision and
what and
on cross like we've done the North
Korean programs for years and I said to
him with the director of the program
said every time we do it it's the same
program because the demands that the
North Koreans have always are the same
they want security guarantees please
stop as far as negotiation so let's
remember what the North Korean approach
was when Trump became president they
were ready to come a North Korean
delegation was ready to come to
Washington called direct negotiations
with State Department representatives
there were even visas almost issued to
the North Koreans but then at the last
moment that is the visas were
invalidated and the North Korean
American negotiations never came to you
now just in the last several months
there was a report that essentially the
United States transmitted a message to
Pyongyang saying that if North Korea
holds off making any new missile tests
conducting any new missile firings for
two months then the United States would
would sort of go into a negotiating mode
well North Korea actually finished
before the last batch of zero offer two
months exactly the week and then they
understood that the United States has
not kept its word again you know but
what are they - Alex one of the things I
think is interesting is that the Russian
angle and all this I think believe it or
not the Russians are trying to convince
the Americans you better wake up
there's still time before a collision
because we have two leaders that are
spoiling for some kind of a fight for PR
and I think Trump has foolishly got
himself into a mess he's made mark said
earlier I think I think you're starting
to see some pockets of the mainstream
media start to recognize that Korea that
North Korea is acting in a very sane
manner I mean you had Tucker Carlson do
do a five-minute segment on North Korea
where he admitted that a lot of what
North Korea is doing can be attributed
to what Hillary Clinton the Obama team
did to Libya and what what would happen
to Saddam in that the minute you get rid
of your weapons we're coming after you
Buchanan write a piece about how North
Korea is acting and that they are acting
in a very predictable and very sane
manner so you are starting to see
pockets of the media starting to speak
out and say wait a minute not everything
is as it's being presented here you know
Markham imijo Saakashvili former
president of Georgia there's a lot of
other things a part of his title here
he's in the news again why yeah well
after being deposed by his own people
this us-backed neoliberal strongman he
was briefly a hipster for a while
floating around Williamsburg and then
when the butch regimes backed by the
West seized power in Ukraine he was
brought in to be the proconsul of Odessa
a Russian majority city in in in
southern South Central with the mandate
to do what with the mandate as hilarious
as this is to stop corruption at least
publicly even though he's wanted on
corruption and abuse of charges power
charges his own country well he stepped
on some wrong political toes in Ukraine
it got a little bit of a big head
tried to imagine himself as Prime
Minister of Ukraine was removed from
that his Ukrainian citizenship was
removed he had renounced his Georgian
citizenship in order to take Ukrainian
citizenship he is without state he
managed to force his way back into the
Ukraine through the border against the
wishes at least the president and
threatened to jump off of a building his
behavior is definitely bizarre this
isn't the first time he exhibits that
kind of behavior there were some issues
with his tie
but that's the difference another
interesting view of this from a senior
fellow at the Atlantic Council Hadrian
curette Netsky who just the ego wrote in
his social media account he protested
that the u.s. taxpayers are actually
playing for saakashvili's activities in
Ukraine and essentially funding the
protesters that
protesting his support in Kiev so it's
it's an oath of an open admission by a
member of the u.s. think tank
organization close to the US government
that very US government actually funds
political activities by Saakashvili and
his supporters in the Ukraine traces
back to John McCain if you ask me I mean
don't you remember it was all about
we're all Georgian now when it was bad
cranium that's where all you created
nothing so I think the you know you're
the more you see McCain start to lose
his mind and go a little crazy the boy
who's the patroness asking me to see him
also start to lose his mind and go a
little crazy this is the real problem is
that the neo-cons
in Washington and also in Europe now
because we're starting to see Carl Bildt
Elvis to mess their their their own
brain of Exceptionalist and neo-cons in
Europe they are grooming these proxies
in the former countries of the Soviet
Union and who are so unhinged part of
the reason they're so unhinged is
they're selected and groomed by these
neo cons and Exceptionalist who are
themselves so unhinged and this is you
know and pushing towards confrontation
with Russia this is not going to stop
we're gonna keep seeing figures like
Mikhail sorceress really like like Andre
Peru be the the neo-nazi speaker of the
Rada in the Ukraine but it's interesting
I mean I noticed that you know Bloomberg
in the day you know not the most
friendly out led towards Russia they are
openly questioning the the the the idea
of continuing to back something like
Saakashvili I mean it's the wrong guy to
back meaning there could have been
someone else there but you know suckish
feeling his was long the darling of the
neocon Saakashvili is not being groomed
to be the president of Ukraine he know
he is he actually the u.s. never
considered him somebody who could become
president of Ukraine he's not Ukrainian
his psychological stance about look is
what different and the Ukrainians would
expect so he is being used as a pressure
of
tool is leverage against the current
government of Ukraine which is also
controlled by the u.s. to make them do
certain things that Washington wants
this is how the US after putting
pressure on poroshenko essentially this
is the way the United States government
operates its different colonial States
it uses different politicians puts them
against you hits them against each other
and then uses that situation to get the
policy that that Washington wants from
them first shitski species right about
one thing the West controls who took
power in Ukraine and who tape maintains
it now and that's from and that's from
Bloomberg gentlemen that's all the time
we have many thanks to my guests here in
Moscow and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here RT this is the end of
our broadcast segments stay with us for
the extended version on YouTube see you
next time and remember across chuckles
okay welcome to our extended version of
our program well we talk about political
potpourri Alex I know one of your
favorite stories in the last a few
cycles was the fiasco around getting a
date wrong tell us about it
well it seems that CNN much to the
delight of President Trump is having big
issues on reading the dates on WikiLeaks
emails and so they came out with his
bombshell report nucular right yeah they
went nuclear on the fact that that all
of a sudden WikiLeaks was feeding the
the Trump administration and flitting
all these guys before the public before
the power they needed for anyone knew
anything all these emails and all these
secret documents that WikiLeaks hacked
along with the Russians the whole you
know narrative that that they've been
peddling and it was sent on the 4th of
September and so CNN comes out this
bombshell and they say we got him we got
him we got leaked a strong to Russia via
Russia via WikiLeaks they're feeding
them hacked emails this is it it's over
but but it wasn't really on the 4th of
September they did you know not only
know not only was this journalistic
malpractice and what they did I mean
multiple source is more than more than
one source our boss the board say that I
mean this is one house when someone says
the term fake news this is exactly good
there's no but it was on the 14th of
September but but there's no they don't
want to they don't want to completely
come clean about how they came to that
conclusion
they're just calling it a correction of
course they won't tell us the truth
about their own reporting and we're not
talking about one we're talking about
multiple news outs see ya MSNBC CBS of
course because they know the if they
come out with their sources or however
they came up with this it will make them
look even worse so they want to catch
the story up they want everyone to just
forget that it happened but but you know
people that watch them they won't forget
yes it's exactly fake news over and over
and over again what's really happening
is the top managers at CNN at MSNBC at
other mainstream networks in the u.s.
they are in a mission they're in a
mission to remove Trump from the Oval
Office and they will do anything and
everything they can to bring media
support and they'll destroy their own
reputations blinded by what's going on
they're so emotionally vested that
they're missing dates they're mistaken
the fourth is September for the 14th of
September they want to make this story
true they want to make the train ovation
was known as true they claim that yes
hope three networks claimed that they
had multiple sources who all made the
same mistake at the same time the same
unnamed sources Glenn Greenwald and the
intercept has an excellent piece out
debunking all of this and he points out
this is not in a unique case he has a
long long list of all these boom Russia
Gate stories that have turned out to be
fake news all across the cream of the
crop of the Western media and it doesn't
stop and that is a real problem for
American democracy is is the way this
narrative is being railroaded and
falsely presented with in very quiet
seventeenth page retractions and
actions and the lies building you know I
read this over a few hours before the
program here I had BuzzFeed and I don't
usually read but most FEMA and not even
the catalyst you you you you sent me
this and I know how secret talks with
Russia to prevent election meddling
collapsed by john hudson i really
suggest mirrors take a look at this it's
really quite extraordinary it's really
transparent about what democracy
promotion means to him the american
political class end media so three times
2009 2013 and just in the last few
months russia went to the US government
and said let's create a new Geneva
Protocol Geneva Convention for cyber
warfare and agree to stop meddling in
each other's domestic political affairs
all three times including again just in
the last few months the US has said no
for two primary reasons one they said
they argued that you could not reliably
attribute any cyber attack to any one
government except I guess in Russia when
when they claimed that in the last year
when they claimed that anything you
don't like it's Russia related the other
reason is because and I will quote here
a second senior State Department
official said any potential gains will
come at too high a cost we would have to
give up democracy promotion which
unquote in Russia candling okay which we
are not willing to do so let's take a
that's democracy promotion what does
that really mean democracy promotion is
the way the United States conduct its
foreign policy against its its
competitors in various regions of the
world including Russia so Saudi Arabia
so what against its competitors you did
I say usual metal yeah that way in that
way in the affairs of its allies it
melts in their affairs in a different
way but but as far as the affairs of
countries the Washington considers its
competitors geopolitical containers or
adversaries
uses so it uses also called orange
revolutions it uses public dissent it it
intervenes in the internal affairs of
these countries it was a lot of cash so
it's not surprising that on each and
every one of these occasions when Russia
offered sort of the u.s. to join this
agreement to not do it anymore
the US if he is because if it if it
signed an agreement like that the United
States would lose one of its most
important tools of conducting its
foreign policy I found interesting in
the article is how open they are but
well we don't want to come to an
agreement with the Russians on cyber
warfare because we we still want to be
able to enter in trajector selves into
brushes domestic affairs it's very
official saying this openly they're
saying exactly what they're doing so
that means the US it has the moral right
to it and to meddle in the and the other
countries around the world but no one
has the right to meddle inside of
American politics here the hypocrisy
stinks I haven't if they even have
meddled I mean the whole thing is
laughable to even consider that that
Russia was able to meddle in the US
elections but I mean I think you're
always just gonna see it play out
country after country I mean we know
that the US you know the Obama was
actively pushing to campaign against
Netanyahu in Israel he was he was open
about it we know that the US has
invested seven hundred thousand USD in
in campaigns against audubon in Hungary
so I mean they're very open about
meddling in elections they were open
they were they were against brexit in
the UK he melon researchers 81 times
between World War Two and 2000 not even
that 17 years that the u.s. meddled in
other country American exceptionalism is
a religious belief yes and if you
believe it
then in that worldview the u.s. is
always right and other nations are not
so us can the United States can do
whatever it feels necessary in other
countries but nobody else can do that in
the u.s. what's really interesting to me
and this is what we've seen since the
presidential election in the u.s. alex
is that they're using these tactics or
meddling in foreign countries trying to
change political outcomes they've taken
that same playbook and they're
using it against Donald Trump in the
u.s. itself we've seen all of these
tactics played out abroad now they're
being brought to the US yeah I mean I
think you're seeing I mean this week was
was an amazing week as far as
revelations as to what's been going on
behind the scenes at the FBI and with
the Flint case and you're seeing
Mueller's whole team is a team of
partisan lawyers each and every single
one of them if you take them down the
list one by one has donated to the
Clinton campaign is actually a support
of the Clinton campaign the man that
interviewed Huma Abedin in Cheryl Mills
and let them off the hook for taking
classified emails for destroying
classified emails for lying to the FBI
was the same man that interviewed Flint
he was sending text messages to his
mistress about how much he hates Trump
and you're seeing all this play out in
the FBI and he was the one who opened
the Russia meddling case in the FBI in
2006 and you're seeing this whole
playbook being directed right at the
Trump administration meanwhile you see
the u.s. taking this playbook and
directing it it's just about every other
country there is meddling in their
internal affairs is the most dangerous
thing that we've learned through all of
this the so-called Russia gate thing is
that you have a deep state you have the
Department of Justice you have the FBI
probably many many more intensely
politicized
this is what they the definition
gentlemen about what we used to say is a
Banana Republic
don't forget the media though of course
okay the mushy gate in a nutshell
foreign policy this week the neocon max
boot big block headlines Donald Trump is
guilty subtitle the only remaining
question is what exactly he's guilty
a moon of Alabama help me out with a
quote here Carol Lewis Alice in
Wonderland no no said the Queen sentence
first verdict afterwards stuff and
nonsense said Alice loudly the idea of
having the sentence first hold your
tongue said the Queen I won't said Alice
off with her head the Queen shouted off
with Trump's head
that's exactly what is happening right
now this is the entire but see its
premier victory it's it's you
you really drain the smoke I mean you
you really look how how how far the rot
is gone because these it's a state
within a state now and there's no
policing it and this is what I think is
I keep saying on this program the more
they've the media the more they go after
Trump and you can go after Trump for a
lot of really good reasons I think okay
but you're just there there's throwing
institutions and ultimately themselves
as well and the trust that people have
in public institutions the degradation
of an era of the American political
system is so Swift
and so deep that in fact the words the
political Linga that we used to use for
states like Turkey and others the deep
state that phrase is now used by the
American president it's used by the
marketing notices that was exactly
December of last year what are you all
of a sudden in the New York Times they
start saying in bold letters deep state
and before that even they were Max
Fisher New York is denying a deep state
exists yeah exactly I don't look over
here nothing to see okay and once that
degradation of the political system
starts it's very very difficult to bring
it back to where it was before so the
the systemic problems in the in the
American system in American politics are
so deep so ingrained that there is no
way out you know good way of the irony
is that the FBI was tasked with
investigating corruption and collusion
in the Trump administration and what did
they find corruption and collusion in
the FBI on that very depressing note
gentlemen that's all the time we have
for this extended version of crosstalk
remember crosstalk polls
