it's emerged that the bulk of funding
for research to wipe out disease
spreading pests such as malaria
mosquitoes comes from a US military
agency and the environmentalists who've
traced where the money's been coming
from a concern that the technology being
developed might get misused or even lead
to an ecological disaster what's
concerning about a gene Drive is it's a
genetically engineered organism that's
designed to spread and it will spread
inexorably until it takes over an entire
population so so that means you just
have to release one single specimen of
this organism say a single mosquito or a
single mouse and then through sexual
reproduction it spreads it straight
until it takes over there's a strong
concern that you could use a gene drive
system to stret to spread a deleterious
trait you could for example try to cause
a harvest to fail or there have been
suggestions that you could genetically
engineer a flying insects such as
mosquitoes to potentially deliver
something that's harmful and then spread
that through a whole population of
mosquitoes if you have a military agency
or and a couple of military agencies in
the driving seat of a technology that
could be used as a very powerful carrier
for a bio weapon obviously the question
comes up of whether it's going to have
dual use as you heard there the main aim
of the gene editing research is to
modify species DNA's so that the desired
changes then spread through the
population however given the potential
for abuse the United Nations is
considering a moratorium on the project
emails obtained by the et Cie group show
that the US military's invested a
hundred million dollars in the project
so far the US Defense Department's DARPA
agencies has seven research groups on
this at the moment or working on the
biological engineering but many of its
activities are believed to be kept under
wraps in the interests of national
security Jim Thomas again describes how
the developments of genetic modification
technologies has progressed over time we
knew that the US military was interested
in gene drives and would work with
funding to a certain level but what's
become clear is they're probably the
major funder of gene drive research and
development
the files seem to suggest that they have
in the case of DARPA the Defense
Advanced Research Projects Agency around
a hundred million dollars worth of
funding the idea of a gene Drive which
which you know spreads a genetic trait
through an entire population is a
potentially very powerful carrier for a
bio weapon they say that the reason
they're interested is so they can pick
up this by a weapon if it was used by
hostile actors that they could be able
to detect and monitor and disable gene
drives as a bio weapon but what's
concerning of course in the process
they're actually building this
technology and acquiring the the ability
to use it although it's known that
there's these military potential uses
the field is always described as being
about trying to deal with malaria or
trying to be conservation users but what
we're now discovering is it's the US
military that seems to be significantly
in the driving seat here is DARPA
response to some of the concerns raised
over its genetic research it says the
project has been mischaracterized and
that it's committed to being fully
transparent
