a Russian bus manufacturer has produced
a cutting-edge new electric vehicle
that's generating interest around the
world
Nicole Frances Santiago went to visit
their Factory to find out what sets it
apart from the rest
worth the trials a trolleybus factory in
Sarada russia now by World Ranking
trials is number one in Charlie bus
production putting out over a hundred
thousand trolley buses since 1951
now as early as 1978 began exporting its
product abroad
to South America and Europe and in 2014
they created its flagship vehicle the
electro bus now it makes this guy
special is its lithium battery which
makes this car a full-fledged
electric vehicle
the trials of factory dates all the way
back to 1868 today that has over 800
employees working daily to produce 200
of these 14 ton machines annually now as
far as an electro bus it takes the
Charles a-team six days to produce one
with him battery powered vehicle aside
from exporting abroad
tralala also has 75% of the Russian
trolley bus market in its grasp with 85
Russian regions using the Charles of
Ranbeer
Olek so what makes the electric bus
especially inequitable xinlin electro
bus with a dynamic charge system is an
optimal solution for cities that already
have overhead wiring the special
features of these vehicles include
lithium-ion batteries that allow our
vehicle to run 20 to 50 kilometres
without the need for additional charge
battery capacity can be selected by the
customer it's a modern comfortable
public transport vehicle equipped with
the range of features such as climate
control insulated glazing higher range
visibility windshields economics eating
both the driver and passenger it's a
super modern bus where are you exporting
to right now and what are the plans for
the future from 2014 to 2017 we're
exporting our electro buses to Argentina
right now we have a few interesting
projects with the European Bank of
Reconstruction and Development and we're
also negotiations with a number of
countries in Southeast Asia so we have
big plans
but notice if a unit or its trolley bus
service has its own story like in
Cordoba we found that Rosa meets all our
needs it has high quality machines
it offers solutions such as for special
needs passengers they have thought
through everything the seat layout very
spacious is it to use accessibility a
lot of things that make people's rides
more comfortable residents couldn't wait
to have the new route to go online and
now they're asking for more so we have
already planned another two and I hope
we'll continue the partnership of
Troezen and now it's time for you to see
this product and for me to give the
traveler electro bus a drift
I never drove a bus before yet alone
something that takes off almost as fast
as a Ferrari except the fact that the
electro bus weighs 14 tons so if I could
do it so can you
at a serve out of Russia in your pants
Santiago
