Italy's biggest oil firms being accused
of dumping tons of toxic waste off the
coast of Sicily for decades and creating
a health crisis in nearby towns
inhabitants of Jayla blamed the company
for a string of birth defects as well as
other serious illnesses
yes I was born this way it's not easy I
don't have friends like other people do
the others tell me I am normal like
everyone else but these are just words
my son was missing the whole front of
his mouth and the whole palate inside we
went to the hospital in Rome and there
we understood that it wasn't a genetic
issue doctors told us no it has to do
with pollution there's a petrochemical
refinery in your neighborhood
yeah I'm angry because without this
pollution our children would have been
normal like all the others we would have
had a normal life
fifteen year-old son asks me if I'll
ever have a family one day but my
children be like me I ask myself what
did I do wrong in life I mean you just
cannot accept such a thing will not be
happy because my daughter is like this
and she will always be like this
or the Italian oil giant in question any
has head back at the allegations of
triggering a health crisis it claims
there's no connection between the high
rate of birth defects and its activities
near sicily all those who say they've
been affected have taken matters to
court here's their lawyer and Jeff Annie
there's no family that hasn't been
affected by a tumor illness and there
are no months in which a malformation at
birth is not recorded we decided to
entrust to a judiciary inspection the
explanation of the reason and the means
by which such malformations and tumor
illnesses could have been linked to
industrial pollution
