now anger the US presidents decision has
spilled over into the Dutch capital a
man with a Palestinian flag smashing
windows at a Jewish restaurant in
Amsterdam officers deployed pepper spray
to arrest the suspect who is a 29 year
old male living in the Netherlands we
discussed the incident with a Victor
lunch team a spokesperson for the
Federation of Dutch Jews the fact that
he did this is a pure act of
anti-semitism and Jew hates going to a
restaurant owner in Amsterdam far away
from anything in the United States or in
Israel and attacking his restaurant is
obviously a pure act of anti-semitism so
if he found an extra reason in the
events of this week I don't know we've
seen this in the past we've seen that
when tension grows in in Israel that
around the world in Europe and in the
United States and any other country that
are that there are Jews still living
people and unfortunately I have to say
Muslims often take this as a good reason
to start being aggressive to choose
around the world as well
