emergency session of the UN Security
Council has been held over Washington's
decision during the meeting of the 15
members it was 14 united against just
one that of the United States we regard
East Jerusalem as part of the occupied
Palestinian territories we therefore
disagree with the u.s. decision to move
its embassy to Jerusalem and
unilaterally to recognize Jerusalem as
the capital of Israel before a final
status agreement newhall great door we
regret the decision announced by the
President of the United States to
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel he clearly disagree with the
recognition of Jerusalem as the capital
of Israel the Arab Republic of Egypt
denounces the u.s. decision to recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel China
is highly concerned about the recent
developments regarding the status of
Jerusalem Moscow met Washington's
decision with serious concern however
the US envoy to the UN neeki Haley
attacked the United Nations itself
accusing the global body of bias against
Israel over many years the United
Nations has outrageously been of the
world's foremost centres of hostility
towards Israel the UN has done much more
damage to the prospects for Middle East
peace than to advance them we will not
be a party to that the United States no
longer stands by when Israel is unfairly
attacked in the United Nations and the
United States will not be lectured to by
countries that lack any credibility when
it comes to treating both Israelis and
Palestinians fairly we spoke to
Bolivia's ambassador to the UN as
satchel rnt he feels the decision on
Jerusalem falls into a larger pattern of
behavior by Washington I think that we
should consider this decision
in a brother from a broader perspective
the fact that the United States in
contradiction not just with
international law but what the
international community has been doing
for the past decades regard in Jerusalem
and also considering is its unilateral
unilateral actions against Syria not
just that but also considering the fact
that they have left the Paris Accord on
climate change that they have abandoned
negotiations for the global compact on
migrations the fact that they are also
putting at risk the so-called Iran
nuclear deal those are examples that
right now the United States it's it's of
course not just contradicting
international law but also they are
becoming increasingly a threat to
multilateralism
