to Palestinians have been killed and
hundreds injured in large-scale protests
according to palestine health ministry
several reports suggest more than 750
people were affected tear gas rubber
bullets and even live ammunition were
reportedly used by israeli police as
they clash with demonstrators tensions
have escalated following u.s. president
donald trump's decision to recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel
clashes between protesters and Israeli
police have been seen across Palestine
in Jerusalem people have been gathering
near the Damascus Gate where there is a
massive Israeli security presence
Artiste relative Minsky reports the
security services and the journalists
who were trying to get out of the way
and then the police in turn were pushing
those protesters away and running after
them some on the back of horses as well
trying to steer them away from Damascus
Gate but this is just an indication a
small indication of some of the scuffles
that we're seeing across the Israeli and
Palestinian territories today and over
the last few days and we've been talking
to Israeli citizens and Palestinian
citizens this is what they had to say
there will not be a bad consequence
consequences and ramifications that will
lead for another Intifada or another
revolution it's gonna be in the Bible I
think so you know but it's this time
it's not gonna be short one you know I
hope things turn out right but it
doesn't look right you know policy is
gonna look for any excuse I can't call
for a Day of Rage and they don't they're
not gonna stop us it's a significant
move I think it's gonna cause trouble
why Jerusalem needs to be the capital of
Israel I don't know it's here is in
Palestine it should remain in Palestine
there's a sound of car ho Hans in the
end that sort of people showing support
for the small number of demonstrators
who are here
they've been chanting things like this
is our capital these are Palestinian
demonstrators who are unhappy with that
announcement by Donald Trump meanwhile
on the other hand the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has
described this as being a great decision
and has
sankt Donald Trump for recognizing
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel
Palestine says it will now reject any
us-led peace negotiations
it also says u.s. vice president Mike
Pence won't be welcomed when he comes to
the region later this month we discussed
the implications of Trump's decision
with Dan duiker project director for the
Jerusalem Center for public affairs and
at Nabila
shaf a Foreign Affairs adviser to the
Palestinian President now for the peace
process it actually paves the way to
peace because Israel will be called upon
by the same Trump administration to make
concessions to its Palestinian neighbor
which it will be much more ready to do
now that a basic wrong has been
corrected which is to to rightfully
acknowledge that that Jerusalem is the
capital then the possibilities really
have now seemed blocked by what mr.
Trump has done Jerusalem is a very very
sensitive issue to the Palestinians to
the Arabs to the Muslims and to the
Christians of the world and what what he
has done
created a serious situation not only of
mistrust but of instability and
potential for explosion in this part of
the world
the Palestinian Authority looks and the
Hamas is of course they look for any
excuse to call for a Day of Rage so you
know the Hamas is in business to kill
Israelis and to kill political opponents
like the Fatah and the pH as an excuse
in order to avoid making any headway on
the peace process word Intifada really
means a popular uprising and a popular
uprising can take a varieties of ways
what is going on today is an end to
father what went on three months ago in
Jerusalem was an Intifada but it was
entirely peaceful and that's what our
Authority really aims at popular
uprising that is nonviolent is the best
way of expressing the feelings and the
rejection of the Palestinian people of
the Trump and the Israeli occupation
well if the Palestinians want to wipe
themselves off the face of the map
politically they should
continue in this in this line of
political violence as well as threats of
physical violence and I would suggest
that they go back to the table and where
they have Israelis with open arms and
open hands willing to negotiate with
them but this is something they're going
to have to learn to do and stop calling
for days of Rage and for terror and
violence protests against Trump's
decision have been staged across the
world many people rallied in front of US
embassies in support of Palestine
demonstrators burned American and
Israeli flags as well as posters of
Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu
