more than a hundred Palestinians have
been injured after protests across the
West Bank and Gaza turned violent tear
gas rubber bullets even live ammunition
used by Israeli police as they clashed
with demonstrators the tensions spiked
after US President Donald Trump's
decision to recognize the capital of
Israel as Jerusalem which of course is
also claimed by the Palestinians
and the clashes have escalated beyond
mere street skirmishes the Israeli
Defense Force tanks and aircrafts
carried out strikes on to Hamas
positions in Gaza the Israeli army says
it was in retaliation for a rocket
attack though that is despite the fact
that a group not linked to Hamas did
take responsibility for that attack
however Donald Trump's decision to
recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
has been met with some frustration at
home hundreds of protesters took to the
streets of Chicago to condemn the
decision the State Department was on the
receiving end also of a well some
concerns has a veteran diplomat and
representative of Nea do you personally
agree with the president soon we all and
I speak of my boss the secretary and the
other principals in the US government we
are all part of this team this is a
decision which we will work our best to
execute in advance do you believe that
this decision in any way impairs the
pursuit of peace by the United States
we've made clear presidents make clear
that he hopes it helps advance this
process helps move it for it my question
is do you think it in any way impairs
the pursuit of peace I know what you
hope I want to know if you think it has
impaired your efforts I can't make that
judgment at this point not even given
the negative reactions that you have
seen in Arab capitals among some of your
allies but along the Palestinians know
again we will judge by what actually
happens with those parties as we deal
with this process as we carry on
discussions with them again we're not
gonna be driven by statements it's
inconsistent with the idea that you
would also be negotiating at the table
unless you can acknowledge what we're
all trying to get you the same I will
only address one more point on this what
were the words the president used it was
a very simple statement recognition of
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel there
are words you might want to put in there
he didn't their words you might want to
take out he didn't an international
response against America's unilateral
recognition of Jerusalem
is gathering steam some world leaders
have condemned Trump's decision and the
UN Security Council will hold a special
meeting on this issue today one of the
initiators of the meeting is Bolivia and
we spoke to the country's UN envoy IOC
local capital the u.s. decision to
acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel is a threat to international
order and safety yes the global protest
against Trump's decision proves that the
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said
such a step damage the u.s. image as a
mediator in the peace process we hope
that the situation will be resolved
peacefully and that the international
community will exercise its influence to
help Palestine become an independent
state
