cryptocurrency Bitcoin has once again
defied naysayers by spiking above
$18,000 at one point today now but
before you jump in here is a word of
caution from artis Aneesha city
it's coin labels the hottest currency no
one is using has passed milestone after
milestone but the rising value of the
cryptocurrency has attracted both
investors and criminals alike here's an
idea of how much has gone into the
pockets of hackers and elsewhere as we
look at three of the most infamous cases
this recent case involves mining
marketplace nice hash who first alerted
users something was wrong when visitors
were greeted with the maintenance notice
clients quickly discovered their nice
hash wallets were completely empty and
all of the Bitcoin had been transferred
to one single wallet totaling over 62
million dollars the company's advice to
users change your passwords this
involves a crypto currency exchange
convinced it's multifaceted layers of
security were unhackable it created a
system with multi signature wallets
where keys were divided among owners and
transactions had to be cosines there
even bold enough to state the era of
cominging customer bitcoin and all of
the associated security exposures is
over or famous last words 120,000 units
were stolen from the exchange platform
valued then at around 72 million dollars
now here's a low-tech crypto fail a
British man claims he accidentally threw
a hard drive containing Bitcoin in
private keys into a local rubbish dump
along with his household waste he says
he's now considering digging up the
landfill well there could be 18 million
dollars in there so there we have it the
Bitcoin community has been rattled by
intelligent hacking exposing security
flaws and even Karis management these
three cases alone including the final
mishap have seen a loss of at least 214
million dollars worth of Bitcoin but
despite the security issues that have
plagued crypto currencies over the years
the price of Bitcoin continues to
skyrocket there are even predictions
that if this continues by this rate this
time next year this coin could be worth
more than the entire world's wealth one
single Bitcoin will equal over 15
million dollars but the use of Bitcoin
as a currency is still highly
questionable for the moment it's being
treated less like a currency and more
like a store of value and of course we
shouldn't be forgetting the volatile
rollercoaster trip it's taken to get
here so hang on for the ride if you're
brave enough
