a lot of questions to be answered let's
get into it now with ahmed al bara a
lecture at istanbul i dean university
and retired colonel Reuven Berko our
buffers commentator for israel today
newspaper you're both very welcome to
the program gentlemen and Ruben can we
begin with you please Israel has praised
the move but surely the almost universal
global chorus of criticism against the
move proves that it's not the right
decision
well I believe this decision is very
important despite the fact that far as I
remember from historical point of view
the kings of the dynasties of Israel
never got consultant without one or any
other regime in the world at the time
they put the Israeli our capital in
Jerusalem at the times of the Kingdom of
Israel a long history and by the way I
never heard about Palestine even not in
the Quran so Palestinian people are very
important we want to create a
Palestinian state the first time in
history a side-by-side by Israel but
unfortunately Jerusalem is like a wife
you can share a wife you already got
married with Jerusalem 3,000 years ago
so this is a ridiculous demand by the
Palestinians as to the fact that Alex I
is very important to Muslims all over
the world we really respect it and by
the time Muslims are exposing mosques
all over the Islamic area here in the
Middle East al-aqsa mosque is the most a
guaranteed place very safe very secured
and everybody can make his workship
there the fact that al aqsa is important
so muslims doesn't turn it automatically
to be somebody's capital only let's put
a point to like men Mecca Mecca is not
the capital Mecca is not the caravan
Galaxia okay no Jordan put not by Jordan
puja was ulema capital to them at the
time not just good I want to put a point
to Ahmed
if the embassy is going to be put in a
part of Giroux
that is not disputed why are we seeing
such an aggressive reaction around the
Muslim world first of all it is
ridiculous in my opinion to speak about
Palestine is not mentioned in the Quran
then the Palestinians have the right to
speak this is kind of a obsolete
rhetoric that the people are bored of
hearing that from an Israeli guy
speaking now to the word Jerusalem you
go to the UN resolutions in the
international community the General
Assembly back down to the resolution 1:8
when the partition resolution that
speaks about it stipulates that
Jerusalem should be an independent
entity neither the Palestinians nor the
Israelis will be controlling this city
in the final stages that's what they
general security of the UN is speaking
about that's what the consensus of the
international community is speaking
about it's only Donald Trump himself and
Benjamin Netanyahu who think that now
it's the time because of the turmoil of
the Arab world what's happening in Syria
Iraq Yemen Egypt all around the Arab
world they're not ready to take the
Palestinian cause as a priority and
that's the time they're going to say is
this for the Muslims not only with the
Muslims for all the a parameter legends
it is a very important place it's one of
the most sacred place located ISM for
Christianity for Muslims but the
Israelis are trying to say it's X
occlusive only for the okay let me watch
I want to put wonderful ok I want to put
one of the points to Reuven that you
made Ahmed is this legitimizing Reuven
what many including the United Nations
and most legal scholars considers to be
violations of international law on
Israel's part this go ahead can say you
are honorable as your honorable guests
they mentioned there were several
resolutions concerning Israel and the
solution but unfortunately
polisena never accepted it and even our
states at the time didn't accept it aid
and they arranged wars against Israel
using terror which has been turned to be
the only one start up the Palestinians
and contributed to the world and from
that time on they are using Tarot to
achieve political achievements they
never accepted their solutions by made
by UN so now you are you wanna you want
us to go back to square one
on which they never accepted it because
circumstances are changed after their
afterwards it's ridiculous to mention
this but I want to tell you to emphasize
one thing since there never been a
Palestinian state the Palestinian
capital should be everywhere going
towards a solution in the future if you
want to go to back to square one we can
get back to the Kingdom of Israel that
go and the resolutions that showed us
that even Jordan Kingdom should be our
you know at the time right before where
were - they already decided that even
Jordan's Kingdom okay hold on reason is
a I can't go back to history go to the
future dry notion is in fact that I
meant to create a Palestinian state and
Marlowe should be it Scott okay hold on
a minute when we come back to you in a
second rapid and just on what has been
seen in the aftermath of this decision
Hamas has already called for an inter
father you know people are going to die
with this if that happens on both sides
is there not a peaceful diplomatic way
of taking issue with the decision
without calling for violence nobody
would accept the backlash of such a move
this kind of a provocation not only for
the Palestinian rights it's a violation
of the international law and Donald
Trump had a message from everywhere from
Indonesia Malaysia here in Turkey to
Morocco everybody is condemning the
move in the Arab and Muslim world even
the European Union macron the UK and the
Pope himself condemned the move and
everybody is speaking about the status
quo should be maintained in Jerusalem in
the old city and that's the main problem
coming back to your guest who is
speaking about history who's speaking
about the future who killed the a is ha
crapine who's the one who's radicalizing
the whole region if you're speaking
about Palestinians doing terrorist
attacks who killed the Palestinians in
Gaza in Jerusalem who's trying to book
the me the meat of detectors in the ADAC
al-aqsa compound it's the Israelis who
trying to push forward more
radicalization the Palestinians have the
full right to resist peacefully against
what's happening in their own land they
have a right to be in East Jerusalem
according to the international community
resolutions okay we can't get bogged
down with saying who killed who in this
situation I think we can all agree that
it's a horrific last number of decades
in the region but Reuven given the
backlash that Israel will now face from
its neighbors is allowing the US Embassy
to relocate to Israel to Jerusalem more
trouble than it's actually worth because
we saw Tel Aviv being the de facto
capital and we saw the American Embassy
in Tel Aviv but yet the violence still
continued will it not only get worse if
it moves to Jerusalem not at all sir not
at all I'll tell you why actually if
speaking about such as war I want to
reply to your honourable guest what
briefly is kept in Jerusalem you are
mixing a minute sorry you are mixing
between severity and religious law and
religious freedom of worship Israel is
the only only state that maintained
religious freedom for all prayers in
Jerusalem is status quo is very
seriously kept in Jerusalem now the
Islamists are threatening and that's why
you see
I'm sorry sorry you can't disturb me
are you knowing I won't love you
professor in Jerusalem the real danger
is Mecca and Medinah are in danger by
Ilan there are people the Arab nations
understand now that the aspiration of
Turkey took to renew the Sultana del
Halawa the Ottoman Empire is bullshit
know that nobody will accept this on one
end and on the other end everybody
understand that Iran is threatening
Mecca and Al Madina
this is the real threat Jerusalem is a
very secure the mosque is very secure
Jerusalem is the capital of the Jewish
state Charmian Chava who are a baman
abba-zaba blue as if they say in arabic
okay we're running out of time here we
were literally running attack hold on
reason worship as hell is the only state
that allows this okay we're running at a
time both of you can sum up your
thoughts now if you wish we've got 30
seconds each Ahmed let's start with you
the United States Donald Trump and
Israel think that this is the right time
to make this kind of propaganda Iran is
the only monster who has expansionist
policy in the region that's why the
Sunni ka countries represented by not
Saudi Arabia against Iran but on the
other hand Israel does have the hegemony
does have a kind of colonial mentality
that is going on violating it's a rogue
state okay violating all the
international laws and not respecting
any of the international community calls
this is going to have a percussion x'
this is going to have a backlash it's
going to backfire Allen e8 the Israelis
and the bacons
as an impartial broker to peace process
there no more rivet we've got 15 seconds
we expect a thank you the Rivoli
to apply go ahead with 15 seconds sir I
would emphasize finish my idea in
emphasizing that in Quran Karim gives
this promised blessed land to the sons
of Israel did those who fight this God's
will
you'll never good Rathnam comb and
levena can use as a fool everybody says
well are the new Baraka Beit al-maqdis
who are cannot baton much this is the
land of the Israel including Jerusalem
nobody can object it this is the Lord's
will this is religious okay we have to
wrap it up there to coexist people need
to find solutions ahmed al bouri lecture
at Istanbul iding University and Ruben
Berko Arab AFER's commentator for Israel
today newspaper thanks both of you for
coming on the program
