the question now is what to do with the
remaining ISIL fighters in neighboring
countries like Iraq it's likely to be a
major talking point when the top
diplomats from Russia and the u.s. meet
face-to-face in Vienna shortly on the
sidelines of an international security
meeting our Europe correspondent Peter
Oliver is there our focus that this OSCE
council meeting is the the upcoming
bilateral meet and greet between Russian
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and the
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the
two know each other very well since
February when mr. Tillison took the job
they've met more than seven times
well among the hot topics for mr.
Tillison and mr. Lavrov on Thursday will
be the situation in the Korean Peninsula
also the ongoing conflict in Ukraine we
are also definitely expecting them to
discuss the battle against Islamic state
in both Syria and Iraq on Wednesday as
we've just heard the Russian Defense
Ministry announced the defeat of Isis in
Syria they've now offered their
assistance to the United States in an
attempt to do exactly the same thing and
the west of Iraq was still yet to hear
back from the US on that offer we may
well hear something from the meeting
between mr. Tillerson and mr. Lavrov
which is expected in a few hours from
now
