paused absolutely not working for his
district if they care about jobs they
would hold him to account Paul go stars
my brother my brother and I endorsed dr.
grill dr. grill wholeheartedly endorse
dr. David Burrell for Congress
reach the home in Wyoming Bernadette
Gaza the siblings 85 world mother said
that she was unaware of the videos to
the six angry Democrat goss's see you at
mum and dad's house by a miss James
price I've been a cop over 23 years when
people refer to police officers as
terrorists that hits a little close to
home I don't think people want to be
represented by someone who's shown
contempt for those in law enforcement
that's one of the many reasons why I'm
voting for Bryan style for Congress
I seen you I know that you're wearing
your Trump socks and I'm a junior what
do you think of them you got any socks
like that or no no I've been through tad
silly but if they make him feel good
there's nothing I can say about that
they decided to make the maximum
contribution to my Democrat opponent in
my campaign for US Senate in Wisconsin
you
you
