violent mass protests are continuing in
Honduras over allegations the country's
presidential election was rigged that's
despite the authorities agreeing to a
partial recount of the vote
they're these were the scenes in the
capital tens of thousands of people out
in force to give their backing to the
opposition candidate salvadoran us
running around a thousand ballot papers
are being reviewed but Nasser Allah says
he will not recognize the result unless
a much broader recount his health at the
rally he also gave a speech urging the
army to refuse to enforce a nationwide
curfew that was imposed last week well
current president one Orlando Hernandez
not stay late victory in the vote he
surged past salvatore nasrallah right at
the end of the ballot count many are
suspicious of the nature of the win for
Hernandez tensions then spilled over in
the Central American nation leading to a
week of unrest in which three people
died and many others were injured
