welcome to Sophie and kun Sophie
Shevardnadze he won Oscars golden globes
his films are cult classics part of
American consciousness now Oliver
Stone's latest project was to film an
extensive series of interviews with
Russia's Vladimir Putin I caught up with
a director himself to talk about the
experience hi Oliver Stone's great to
have you with us today
yeah hope you're having a great trip in
Moscow yes just got here so your book
companion to your extensive interviews
with Putin is being published by Alpina
you called the Putin introduced at 4-day
audacious climax to my strange life as
an American filmmaker climax your career
release is the best thing you've ever
done you know I have to take the point
of view that it could be the last film
to you never know time is seems more
precious when you get a little bit older
and as a filmmaker it's a very young
profession you know and very few in
America especially it kind of goes fast
you don't get often another chance so I
I felt like this was a kind of a climax
not but it's a feature film but that
it's the most let's say at this time in
in history the most forbidding character
to American media to American in Western
Europe to I say a forbidding kind of
cross into the into another world and
I'm glad I got here I mean I didn't mr.
Castro and I did mr. Chavez I did mr. uh
era fact and also ness in Yahoo was a
character when he was out of off back
when he was out of office he's now in
power forever it seems but these
characters all led me to this moment
with mr. Putin and frankly I enjoyed the
meeting him
I met him originally on the at the on
one of my trips to Russia because I was
interviewing Snowden a lot we were doing
research with Edie and a lot of the
movie Snowden was represents what had
this point of view was so getting that
information took time and we came back
and were
to be accurate the last scene of the
movie was shot in Moscow so after I but
when I met mr. Putin which is in the
back room of a theater in Moscow I play
an old 1960s play he was attending to
promote folkloric culture we met the
back and I asked him about mr. Snowden
and he gave me the Russian version his
version of what happened and it just
fascinating different than what we had
been told in the public newspapers and
so forth but in anyway long telling the
story quickly is getting back to the end
of the movie of Snowden we shot in
Moscow to a weekend with with Ed and
then we turned around a few days later
and we went to the Kremlin and we shot
mr. Putin over three days and at that
time we didn't know if this would go on
it was simply you know take it as it
comes like you're doing and play it by
ear it was spontaneous I gave him a list
of quick questions I was areas that I
was gonna cover but it wasn't limited he
didn't say was it totally spontaneous
any limitations to what to ask and as
you can see my everyday I look different
he was always the same he looked very
together I was sometimes a jet lag and
my hair was blowing in the wind this
that I changed appearances several times
but in other words I'm the opposite of
an American anchor I don't look like
Megan Kelly I don't look like you even I
compliment I know what kind of great
effort it takes to get the kind of
access to that's not easy I mean a lot
of Russian journalism and top
journalists don't get that kind of
access right and I know how much effort
it took you to make this happen and make
it come together and then the minute
this comes out it was so talked about in
Russia and obviously the whole American
press right away lashed out at you
saying you're so flattering to certain
that you were bad into your I just
wonder like do you care it is again
under your skin because that's a lot of
work you did with Putin it was a lot of
work but I didn't consider him I never
said I was a journalist and I didn't
pretend to be what I
that this is a look I'm a movie film
director you know me from the films and
you may know me from some of the past
interviews I did with the public figures
but I'm not pretending to be anything
else I know you said in response that
you know you you didn't have an opinion
about anything that you're doing that
you're neutral
well the opinions have changed because
I'm talking about the Putin movie but
then at the same time I watched a series
you said a lot of flowering things about
Putin do you feel like you managed to
stay objective I'm neutral
I think if you see the movies I do it's
I I'm not I try to stick to what I feel
is the truth
and I don't take I I didn't say one
false word to mr. P at all I didn't say
when I meant it when I said it when I
said to him and one of the I think was
one of the first things I said was it
strikes me that you're the you're a son
of Russia because we you came into the
country at a time when it was just in
the dumps it was 1999-2000 the place was
a mess the real economic story and what
you did was you turn things around no
one can take that away from you and I
think that's one of the reasons he's
still popular is it because he brought a
sense of place destiny a sense that we
we are Russian we have much to be proud
of we have a history and he reasserted
the concept of a sovereign country which
was crucial because Russia was not a
sovereign country from approximately 91
to to 2000 it was losing that
sovereignty completely in the United
States was and other people were walking
all over the place and basically
monitoring whatever they wanted they
were all over the nuclear certainly the
nuclear industry but look the point is
that Putin gave Russia something that is
really important in this world and we
can get back to that because that's the
bottom line is we need an anchor in the
world we need a resistance to exist to
the call it the Dominion of the United
States I know that you don't want to
talk about politics but this is a very
hypothetical question you have cited
people on whom you've done movies Castro
Chavez Putin um these are strong man
have attraction to strong men do you
feel like this is the future of politics
leaders like that they're very strong
uncompromising very controversial in
many ways or should politics be about
dialogue and political correctness well
it is about dialogue too and these men
all were open to dialogue
you can argue who did who said what to
who but the point was a Castro tried to
negotiate with the United States for a
long time and he was rebuffed not only
was he rebuffed he was insulted and they
tried to assassinate him many times so
you know where what is dialogue dialogue
is important and mr. Jabez certainly had
a point of view he will if you remember
he shook Obama's hand he really was
hoping that there was going to be a new
approach from the United States didn't
happen so it is about dialogue it's
about compromise politics and above all
if I can give you an overall opinion of
mr. Putin he said he's the ultimate
negotiator you wear you out he really
believes in talking out everything
there's no there are certain points of
interest for every country has its
national interests and he constantly
harking on this Russia has its national
interests and he's open to the gut to
negotiating anything but those national
interests and when you cross the line he
will let you know as you know I am or
whatever people say I pushed him and
certainly I could feel his irritation
when I was pushing him hard on the
democracy question on this the question
of his succession in what's gonna happen
next year there were times I riled him
more than once but I am concerned and
the reason I undertook the series was I
was very concerned about going back to
my relationship to Russia what happened
to the American Russian relationship
that had existed in 2000 if you like
your film can change American perception
I'm putting it because it has to some
degree odd to you more than several
million people saw which is and this is
on a premium cable channel Showtime it
is not on a national channel like in
Russia so you have a limited
prescription audience that it was seen
and it's seen again but it was also
shown in Europe in a lot of places and
we had a very good
debate in France I was public television
channel 3 in France and Hubert Federer
in the ex foreign minister of mr. Mattei
Hall defended the movie very well I
thought against and the several other
people against the opposition so most of
the debate was very French but in other
words in Europe and Germany France these
things matter Italy very important now
whether things change as a result it's
hard to tell because the recently as you
know the United States Congress which
stuns me and voted almost unanimously
for sanctions to be expanded against
Russia this happened recently so it
seems to be almost a reaction to Trump
as Putin says a domestic politics do you
feel like Trump is trying to in some
sort of way emulate leaders like Putin
because he is I'm not sure I can't tell
you what is in Donald Trump's head I
don't think anyone can and if they tell
you that I don't think he's stupid I
think he's a very sharp guy and I'm sure
he respects things but he may
misunderstand mr. Putin too so I don't
know but he certainly hasn't lived up to
the idea that he gave many people during
the campaign that he was against any
foreign if the interventions that he
thought the United States had squandered
its resources its assets in wars abroad
so we and there was this thinking that
it would change but it hasn't changed
not because of his willpower but because
he hasn't been able to get anywhere in
his administration it has been stuck in
gridlock from the beginning opposition
has been severe also because of Russia
now because that's extremely it has been
the excuse the he's been attacked
profoundly for Russia there's no
evidence as yet and I've seen that
indicates that Russia is in any
collusion with mr. with Donald Trump
I mean he's not this Manchurian
Candidate I never I thought there was a
surprisingly stupid story but it got a
lot of traction in America which worries
me it shows you how frankly stupid the
American voter can be if he believes and
I don't believe most of them do but I
could I don't know that the polling is
off on it it doesn't
make sense if you're saying no one that
is elected gets to change the system
does it even do you work for in America
yeah well that's what mr. Putin says at
the end of the interview if you remember
he says he's been through four
presidents and I asked him what's
changed and he said basically nothing
so he's indicating that there's a
bureaucracy he called it a bureaucracy
in America they call it a deep state a
bureaucracy that has been resistant to
change certainly the policies towards
Russia for the most part the United
States been highly negative since 1917
since the Revolution when mr. Wilson
President Wilson sent American troops to
Siberia to join the British
Expeditionary Force
welcome back to Sophie & Co now the
other day I sat down with legendary
filmmaker Oliver Stone in a Moscow
bookstore and asked him whether a second
Cold War is just a figure of speech or
is there more to it it's a figure of
speech for sure Cold War it's a very
dangerous war it's on the you know you
can even say that the the original Cold
War was that really a cold war where
there were so many proxy wars that were
fought in the name of fighting communism
that you would like Vietnam among others
Korea you wonder how many people died in
the name of that Cold War you know
millions of third world people have been
hurt
after all over Africa there was battles
and certainly in them we've seen now in
the Middle East we've seen enormous
amount of damage the specter of
communism doesn't work anymore in the
United States was not able to use that
but there is this inherent carryover in
fact and I'm sure that's in the minds of
those congressmen when they vote against
for the expansion of Russian sanctions
in their mind it's some form of the old
Russia and they can't get they can't get
used to went away in the 80s and the 90s
how come it came back so strongly I mean
what is it gonna take for that paradigm
to disappear from American mind
generation I was quite surprised by that
I was in fact shocked by talking to mr.
Gorbachev was one of the most wonderful
moments in my life it was I felt in 1989
in my lifetime was a spring springtime
of hope a new feeling that this thing
was gonna change you know that the the
wall came down all the Year Eastern
European countries expressed a bloodless
revolution really a bloodless revolution
and Russia too relatively folk and I was
and mr. Gorbachev you know was not the
in America we saw him as a lion as a
hero we and in this country of course he
was seen as a weak man
who has lost control of this of this
Empire so it's a whole different view of
it and I've been seen mr. Gorbachev
since then I've been through his
criticisms of mr. Putin and I have to
say the last time I saw him he said that
mr. Putin is the guy for now whatever
they say because America has violated
that compact he made in 1990 80 89 that
NATO would not go east one inch
if the Germany's reunited he allowed for
that and that has not happened NATO has
been accelerated under the you know
under of the American under Clinton and
Bush and Obama so and mr. Gorbachev is
pointed down also the what mr. Putin
says is they agree on the abrogation of
the ABM Treaty by the by Bush by mr.
Bush in the 2001 was a vast mistake it
on it undermines the the Nationals the
the balance of power that exists between
the two countries on top of that you
have the American support has Putin the
set of terrorists in the caucuses on top
of that you have opposing points of view
on Ukraine obviously and mr. Putin
states his case very clearly in this
book what his case is which Americans
don't hear and on top of that you have
Syria which again it's amazing to me how
underreported that war is Archie has
covered what about Yemen aren't you some
laundry list more about this and the
context in which this book came out he
feels in a weird way that when the
actual Cold War's in place
it was just clean-cut you know you have
two sides that were against each other
now for me it's so much more scarier
because the world is multi polar and
there's so much cows around and
everyone's trying to pull it on on
themselves and all this conflicts that
you've just mentioned and many more that
we didn't mention are going on because
of that and we don't understand how
they're gonna end or if they're gonna
end this it's always messy you're young
like you howl you must be nervous I'm
not that young but
I guess you to me the original Cold War
was very confusing and not-so-clean
us against them in fact I went to
Vietnam as a young man believing that we
were fighting communism in other words
there were a lot of disguises and when
you look back at the whole history of
that period as we tried to do an untold
history in the United States I would
have to tell you that it's very clear
that it was a farce that the United
States really pulled the wool over the
world's eyes and declaring and making
the Soviet Union the fall guy after
having won world war two they made them
the fall guy for World War two - and
equated Hitler with Stalin and also all
this stuff went on it comes out of the
this misunderstanding of what that first
Cold War was America has spent a fortune
fighting this war it's it's deprived its
own people us the American people of
better education better system more
security health welfare all these things
that would give me those problems now
this social net that's disappearing
could have come out of that instead of
being the the money being spent on the
Cold War so we paid a huge price for it
and it never let up I remember in 89
there was talk of a peace dividend they
talked of it what happened to the peace
dividend the a few weeks after the
Berlin Wall fell mr. Bush Senior was
going into Iraq sending 500,000 troops
to the Middle East
I ain't it pointed out it was a big
thing because we went when we sent
500,000 troops to Vietnam was actually
under Lyndon Johnson that was a huge
deal and the press made a big big number
out of that not since World War two that
we knew those numbers were too big
we were fighting with too many men we
don't it wouldn't work it was too big
and what happened we forgot about it
Reagan mr. Reagan helped a lot with his
campaign to forget the Vietnam War and
we were sending a half million men again
abroad to fight in the Middle East we
never had gone out of the Middle East I
made a movie about it called W in which
that dick cheney's characters yes asking
what what's our exit policy since there
is no exit and the truth is we haven't
there is no exit to Iraq we're here
those 500,000 men in one form or another
have never left the Middle East so this
is heartbreaking stuff if you have any
sense of history I knew it was a mistake
I thought the Iraq war one was a huge
mistake I thought there was plenty of
room to negotiate when films like that
come out W for instance or the untold
history of the United States the one
that you mentioned how is it percent in
America when you pretty much denounced a
lot of tropes and facts in American
history I can't tell you it's easy but I
think it's the most some of the most
important work I've done in my life I'm
very proud of those tooth films I pay a
price for it because I guess some people
would you know they don't consider me in
the debate but neither do they consider
people like Noam Chomsky so there is no
Center in the United States political
discourse it's all center-right ever
since the Clinton camp eople who came
into power the center rut has become the
right and there is no peace party that
exists in my country I don't see any
evidence of it except its third party
that is so criticized the Green Party
among others everyone's make fun of it
yeah why I don't know I always had the
feeling that Democrats would be the
people at least what we're concerned
about peace now that seems to have been
squandered that feeling is squandered
and I don't sense any any sense of
consensus the only one who did was
Bernie Sanders and if you remember
correctly he very rarely mentioned
foreign policy he stayed away from it
because he knew that was a third rail
for him and it was too socialistic for
America to actually well I don't like
that because America may end up being
relatively has to go yours may have to
go more socialistic in order to survive
because if things fall apart and we
continue to have crises after crises
stock market explosions and so forth and
meltdowns there has to be a right not a
one only way to Trump to change
something yeah but remember when mr.
Obama sunk what was it seven hundred and
fifty billion dollars into the economy
that's I would call that a social
move so you know where the United States
is going is a very it's intro I'm gonna
try to stick around and see cuz I think
that's a great question it sounds I mean
just to be on the sidelines and see what
happens it could get really ugly and be
pretty nasty too in terms of casualties
and of course the United States I would
i'm scares me in the sense that it might
lose its self-control and out of the
sense of panic and fear attack this
concept that russia is responsible for
everything is insane but it's very easy
to resort to that kind of 19th early
1950s primitivism like a joe mccarthy
did i was told when i was a young boy
the soviets are in our schools they're
in our colleges they are there they're
creeping into our system where the
soviets are gonna take us over without
even a war that was why i heard this
from serious people you know is you have
to allow that this mentality exists and
when you're around a vigilante mob that
hangs people it's scary because you
common sense goes out the window it's
the first thing and decency and humanity
go out the window so it scares me that
mentality you know it's a lot about
politics you know our politicians and
you know something about scripts give me
a scenario of how this should work out
you ask you for a movie from my point of
view from the american side it's not
gonna happen any other way and that's
what's frightening because i don't see
that Russia can take any initiative at
this point except for a surrender with
completely all your nuclear arms and you
have a regime change mr. Putin resigns
which is insane it's not gonna happen
because the Russian people support him I
don't see any way out right now now
third parties to exist they come into
being there's the gauls that come up
right Charles de Gaulle you hope for a
French leader or a European leader I was
very disappointed in Merkel throughout
this whole process because she knows
better
she knows the real story of Ukraine she
knew she doesn't fall for it because her
foreign minister was involved they knew
they
what was going it was a coup d'etat and
there Ukraine and but in other words
there's has to be some kind of European
leader that was you know to America yeah
well that's one way to put it
mr. Duggal I was around when mr. Goll
said no to America that was quite really
I'm have friends look young to was
really a proud man and proud for France
one hopes for that but there's other
ways the blocks can be broken there's of
course China that's a huge number but
the United States is taking a hard line
on China doesn't say it like it does say
it about Russia but the reason that
we're arming Korea to the degree that we
are and Japan is truly against the
Chinese to encircle the Chinese but I
worry about Korea because we again have
so much on so many arms we put in to
Japan and Korea you know this thing can
but it can blow up in a second it's like
a tinderbox Wow doesn't look good
at your age I would like to live out the
rest of my life you know what do you do
what do you do you're bringing attention
to it
that's the best you can do right now to
my view you should make a movie about
this and you shouldn't certainly not end
your career that's what these are for
and that's why I did this and because I
did care and I want to I want i want
peace to have a chance and I think every
time I talk to mr. Putin over those 30
hours you know I never sensed any other
desire in his part but to have a balance
of power respect for each other's
sovereignty and a sense of peace in the
world yes and that's what people don't
accept from him they can't believe that
this man who was they consider a villain
is enamored of peace Oliver Stone thank
you very much it was worth a smoochie
waiting interview thank you good luck
with everything
you
