behind these gates stands the Salle de
shoot the fix room Frances first legal
venue especially for addicts the idea
was to give addicts a safe space to get
clean needles to prevent the spread of
disease as well as to be able to seek
help but since it opened almost two
years ago people living and working on
this street say it's turned their lives
into a nightmare and despite their
anxiety about the salle to shoot many
locals were too afraid to speak directly
on camera
yeah
confidence
locals claim that the shooting gallery
as it's been dubbed by the media makes
the area far more dangerous and even
though hundreds of addicts have made use
of the facility many also are still
choosing to shoot up right here on the
street videos taken in recent weeks show
drug deals also openly taking place in
broad daylight the last time RT visited
this street who and prosper hey we do
witnessed an addict getting their fix
this is the spot where that video was
shot and if you come with me now I want
you to just get a sense of how close
that addict was to the drugs room that
has been set up by the authorities here
it's just over here it's a stone's throw
away and instead of using that facility
that was available they decided to get
high on their own terms
violence and aggressive behavior is now
being witnessed here almost daily police
statistics show that since the drugs
room was opened more than 1,800 offenses
have been reported for the possession of
narcotics their consumption and theft
despite the outcry from locals and
significant evidence showing that it
isn't having the desired effect the
authorities are now looking up to open a
further four drug rooms along with a
mobile version I think it would be
necessary to have four rooms in Paris
and its suburbs including one to deal
with smoking crack to allow balanced
treatment that meets health needs but if
this pilot project is anything to go by
these new versions just won't solve the
problem in fact they could create even
more Charlotte Dubinski RT Paris
you
