a new poll conducted in the United
States has revealed that an overwhelming
majority of the country's Millennials
want a third political party of
correspondent Kayla boffin speaking now
to young people on the streets of New
York to find out why in the USA it's
Democrats and Republicans it's always
been that way a two-party system now
some people might think that makes the
country more stable but Millennials seem
to have a different perspective let's
breakdown the Millennials case against
the two-party system now 65 percent of
Millennials say that the country is
moving in the wrong direction and 71% of
them say that they're ready for a new
third political party but wanting to see
a new political player in Washington is
nothing new according to the figures
provided by Gallup the number of
Americans who favor a third party has
been increasing over the course of the
last five years in 2012 it was only 46
percent but in 2016 it was up to 57
percent now you rarely hear about it but
third parties have actually been around
in American politics since the 19th
century
now why is it that in all these years an
independent political faction has never
been able to take the White House well
maybe it has something to do with the
fact that mainstream media is working
overtime to keep people marching behind
the elephant and the donkey I even
understand the argument that a third
party candidate can put a new issue or a
new solution on the table but it is hard
to make the case that that is what's
happening here who we now know that both
of the third party candidates out there
are very much not qualified either
through experience or through knowledge
now amid the growing disillusionment
with the two major parties let's see if
Americans would really prefer a third
option do you feel that the
establishment parties represent your
values I feel that they are too aligned
and like different things so I feel very
independent right now of any support for
any party I'm an independent so I think
both sides are have valid valid thing to
say and both sides stink sometimes not
really honestly I'm kind of further to
the left and
Democratic Party has room for and
there's nothing on the right for me if a
viable third party emerged that was
closer to your values would you support
it yeah I would that makes sense but I
know it's very hard for those type of
parties to get out there yeah I would
definitely consider voting for a third
party they represented my values I would
have had a chance yeah some people say
if you vote for a third party you're
throwing your vote away do you agree
with them unfortunately the system has
been rigged is such that it ends up
being a wasted vote like it shouldn't be
and that's wrong I do yeah I think the
way it's structured right now but albeit
you know local elections being one
exception I think you are kind of
throwing it away no I wouldn't say that
but I can see why some people see it
that way especially when people say like
I don't know like Bernie Sanders losing
a brain Sanders running is why Hillary
Clinton lost or something like that but
I don't think anyone who voted for them
is a loss vote now as youth in America
grow alienated from the two major
parties the question remains what new
political grouping could fulfill the
needs of the younger generation Kaleb
Maupin RT New York
