an explosive device has been found in
pots down next to the German city's
Christmas market with police immediately
evacuating the area for more on that
let's cross live to Artie's Europe
correspondent Peter Oliver now Peter
what's been happening today right well
police are still investigating whether a
suspicious device that was reported them
at around 2:30 local time today
did actually contain was a viable
explosive device it was a suspicious
package that was pointed out at around
2:30 local time it was found it was
delivered to I beg your pardon a
pharmacy which is near to the Christmas
market in the Berlin in the German city
of Potsdam now a bomb disposal robot and
team were on the scene they used that
robot to determine what it was and
whether it posed a risk it was that
device itself was deemed to have been
destroyed by this robot but what we're
talking about is being described by
police as a Surinder cylindrical object
containing cables batteries and nails
but no sign of an ignition devices of
yet so the the investigation into
whether this could have been a viable
explosive device ongoing police are
issuing statements very regularly asking
the press not to speculate on what could
this have been and what could have
happened but what we do know is that
other areas have been cordoned off by
the police around the the center of
Potsdam the the Christmas market in the
central square there remains cordoned
off there is an extensive search going
on to see if there is perhaps any more
suspicious packages any more potential
explosive devices that have been in that
area the mayor of Potsdam has been at
the scene he said that he expects the
Christmas market to open again tomorrow
he's praised the police for the work
that they've been doing but in the past
Germany has been the victim of numerous
terrorist attacks if we look just this
year in October at the end of October in
and when I say the victim of terrorist
attacks it's also there's been attempted
attacks that have taken place or attacks
that police say that they've quashed in
October of this year the
arrested a 19 year old Syrian asylum
applicant err in Germany charged him
with attempting to cause what they call
a serious explosive attack in July of
this year a knife-wielding man attacked
people in a supermarket in Hamburg he
was later found to have had links to
Islamic extremism if we also look back
to the last time explosives were used
now this hasn't been a thankfully hasn't
been a major issue in Germany where an
explosion has been detonated by a a
terrorist group in order to kill or maim
but if we go back to the summer of 2016
in the city of Ansbach in southern
Germany there a a suicide bomber
detonated a vest he he injured just over
a dozen people killing only himself
there were more thankfully that he
didn't kill any other people in that
attack but of course the the major
terror attack that comes to mind when
people think about Christmas markets and
Germany is what happened here in Berlin
last December where a nice al meriya
chair Tunisian s failed asylum applicant
who had links to the Islamic state
terror organization rammed a truck into
a crowd at a Christmas market here in
the German capital and killed 12 people
there were threats made by groups
claiming to represent Islamic state
saying that they would target among
other European cities over this
Christmas period cities in Germany
police are investigating as to whether
this incident in Potsdam represents a
valid threat say a valuable explosive
device they are confirming or did
confirm at least earlier on that the
path suspicious package did contain
explosives and that investigation
continues of course very worrying news
as we enter into this Christmas period
the markets are incredibly popular here
in Germany there's well over two and a
half thousand it's estimated that they
they bring in around two billion euro
worth of business of course and that all
comes from people attending these
christmas markets so that investigation
continues in Potsdam to determine
whether this is a viable explosive
device that has been found by police
there at a Christmas market
okay that's Peter Oliver with the latest
details from Germany there thanks Peter
