French president has proposed military
action against human traffickers in
Libya he says it's the best way to
combat migrant slave trading we are
proposing to take police and military
action we're not waging war but this is
a country in a political transition well
let's cross live to our correspondent
maria for national for more now Maria
good to see you now
what's prompted macron to make this
proposal well human trafficking has been
topping the agenda of European Union
African Union summit that is right now
and to go in in Africa and macron has
been taking part in this summit but
although the this is not a new problem
international immigration organization
released a report earlier in April
alarming about what they called a
mordant slavery surprisingly it has just
started being discussed in the media
recently but again this is almost
nothing new of course Frances president
Immanuel McCune has talked about a human
trafficking in Africa a lot he is right
now in Africa with his first official
tour to the continent he before going
there has described the aim of this trip
as attempt to build new bridges between
Africa and France Africans former
colonial ruler and to reset uneasy
relations and he is right there right
now at the time when tensions are rising
and discontent of the public on the
ground is also on the rise with now
France's policy that many complain is
all about supporting local corrupt
governments but it's no surprise that
Emanuel McCall has commented on human
trafficking he has said that he
has come to Africa showing that he cares
about people in Africa and he is
representing the country that is ready
to help local people live better I mean
I come back to normal life as you know
like northern Africa has been suffering
a lot in the conflicts of recent years
but this is what Immanuel McCune has
officially announced as the aim but the
comments he has made during his trip
while tree is talking about traffickers
putting blame on local people for this
problem and also saying that African
people are not thankful enough for
French troops while they have to be well
it made many doubt word are in actually
real targets of macrons visit and this
is what people used to talk about that
McCrone is the new face of france
colonialism it was France among other
nations that supported native bombing of
Libya creating the chaos that led to
current slave trade of African migrants
I'm getting very tired of McCraw
thinking he can exert moral authority
over Africa when so many countries pay
colonial tax to France 50 plus years
after their independence he's making neo
colonialism great again
well Frances president Emmanuel Mekons
comment and proposal actually I mean has
been quite a surprising it's you
remember France was among the countries
playing crucial role in Libyan crisis in
2011 it was one of the country's bombing
Liebherr that led eventually to the rule
changes in the country and then later to
disable is a Shinra Matic a disability
on the ground and of course it led to
chaotic consequences including human
trafficking so this is why now many ask
a question whether more military actions
now would help bring the balance back
back to you as Maria Fernandez speaking
to us live from Paris there thanks Maria
now it's already been more than six
years since the assassination of the
former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and
the western incursion into the country
we spoke about the current situation in
Libya with Gaddafi's Gaddafi's a former
top assistant Bashir Saleh Bashir was
the former right-hand man of Muammar
Gaddafi he chaired the eight billion
dollar Libyan African investment
portfolio and managed the Gaddafi
family's private funds
we asked him whether it was fair now to
call Libya a failed state
for the Hardison it's not right to say
Gaddafi better to say the Libyan
government the Libyan government left
about two hundred billion dollars in
various banks abroad and the UN has
frozen the money in accordance with the
Security Council's resolution and when
it comes to the money inside the country
those who came to power after Gaddafi
claimed there were 160 tons of gold
billions of dollars in Libyan dinars in
the Central Bank when Gaddafi moved from
Tripoli to 32 nothing with him I was a
government official and that was how I
dealt with Sarkozy as an official the
French media paw and other media outlets
claimed that some people met with me and
then there was a decision taken to pay
50 million I said I have nothing to do
with that nothing is known about that
there are Gaddafi's statements and
Sarkozy statements and I'd better
believe Gaddafi that artificial ladder
for what I don't know this person and I
never met him if he says he would
recognise me if he sees me that's a lie
if he has taken money from someone he
should reveal from whom exactly but
anyway that's a French problem not
Libya's
