all right Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report covering news and stuff around
the world
max do you know where we are we are in
Sabine Bay and Pensacola Beach Florida
it doesn't really have anything to do
with the topic of our show this episode
but it is sunny yes it was decision was
made in the executive level of the
Kaiser report to go to where it is sunny
and to shoot our show in the Sun because
we got it like that home stain in fact
there is quite a bit of construction
going on in the Bay you might hear some
song or something going that's a new
match in our building it's a 47 bedroom
mansion with my Bitcoin profits that are
now exceeding the gross national product
of some European countries
it'll be dwarfing this entire landscape
with a multi-story multipole multi
chopper enabled multi battleship
equipped safe house vault mansion
Bitcoin mansion I thought you were gonna
say multi coin multi I see oh well I
won't have any Bitcoin cash that's the
devil's currency anyway I just saw this
owl looking over our shoulder I was a
little bit surprised by that but I start
think about potato chips I don't know
why as soon as I think if somebody
looking over our shoulder yeah I've this
headline here because I know in the
second half you continue your interview
with Dan Collins of the China money
report and here's a headline America
just can't match China's exploding
supercomputer power if you want to
crunch the world's biggest problems
head east according to a newly published
ranking not only is China home to the
world's two fastest supercomputers it
also has 202 of the world's fastest 500
such devices more than any other nation
meanwhile America's fastest device limps
into fifth place in the charts and the
nation occupies just 144 of the top 500
slots making it second according to that
metric so the world's fastest
supercomputer is called typhoon light
how is that the national supercomputing
Center and whoopsie China this is a very
important because competing power and
speed are the
defining characteristics of a superpower
it's not about weapons it's not about
infrastructure so much it's not about
having cultural soft power it's about
having really fast supercomputers one
obvious application is that China will
be in a position to dominate the
cryptocurrency market in cryptocurrency
market is the de facto 21st century
economy and and finance and currency so
this is part of the Chinese 21st century
program China 2025 buy their tech you
know u.s. is now second tier country
Donald Trump is helping America ease
into being a second tier country which
is I think the most responsible thing
you could do I'm gonna put this into
context about how much faster this
supercomputer in China is compared to
the fastest computer available in the
United States capable of performing 93
quadrillion calculations per second tahu
light is almost three times faster than
the second place town he - also in China
the Department of Energy's fifth place
Titan supercomputer how is that Oak
Ridge National Laboratory performs
seventeen point six quadrillion
calculations per second making it less
than a fifth as fast as Tahu liked well
I think how make this prediction that
when you divide a second into
quadrillions of parts yeah you are
bending the space-time continuum in an
interesting way that soon we will and
this is paralleling discoveries in
quantum physics as well and astrology
that or I should say astronomy you do
your horoscope faster than the speed of
light no I I think that what we're gonna
see here in the very near future is time
travel uh-huh especially when you're
uploading your consciousness into
virtual reality and then you won't be
able to differentiate between the
present past and future anyway in a
purely digital grid and so people are
going to become immortal and my other
prediction I made on the show many times
is coming true humans are dying as a
species giving birth to their digital
avatars just like the God who created
humans died
giving birth to the universe that is the
mother and father of us humans so it's
we're at the end in the beginning okay
so here we have this supercomputer
situation happening in China they also
have a quantum satellite is the first
one they have a quantum cable that they
put lay down between Shanghai and
Beijing so they're like rapidly
advancing spending all their money and
on infrastructure build and technology
and things that the you know will
leapfrog them into way ahead of us in
the future
meanwhile here everything is dilapidated
and maybe our weapons systems are the
only thing that's like better that's
like that we spent a lot of money on but
here the American government is
painfully aware that is now a laggard in
the supercomputer space and a 258
million dollar funding injection into
the Department of Energy's excess scale
computing project is supposed to ready a
system capable of performing 1
quintillion operations per second
10 times the capacity of tahu light by
but or China reckons it will achieve the
same feat as soon as 2020 right now then
China has America's super computing
industry beat this gets back to my
theory of the holy dial-tone that the
linear concept of time traveling forward
is going to be shattered and we'll be
living in a permanent and ether except
that the currency will not be aetherium
because that'll be discredited by the
founders untoward remarks recently and
we will end up purely on Bitcoin when
Trump is in China of course you have
those three aircraft carriers the
nuclear-powered aircraft carrier battle
groups were brought to the Pacific this
is the first time it's been there they
were all there and they're showing their
military might well there's also now
calculations coming out about how much
all these wars in the Middle East and
Asia have cost America basically over
the last decade so
the change in warfare from a decade or
so ago could scarcely be starker in the
aftermath of 9/11 America's conventional
military capability was narrowly focused
on a handful of locations primarily Iraq
and Afghanistan the resources plowed
into them were stupendous five point six
trillion dollars so far academics at
Brown University estimated this month
that would imply a cost per individual
US taxpayer of more than twenty three
thousand dollars including future care
for veterans so again like you have
contributed twenty three thousand
dollars to this I have contributed
twenty three thousand our camera people
contributed twenty three thousand this
is instead this is why we're like in the
meantime we're lagging behind China and
the supercomputer space that we're
lagging behind them in so many different
ways but we have three nuclear-powered
aircraft carriers in the Pacific that
same twenty three thousand dollars if
you invested it in Bitcoin in 2011 but
now be worth over fifty million dollars
and if you control the supercomputers
and you control crypto and you control
time and space and you control which way
we're going on the algorithmic log scale
and to where you run the world China is
again Trump is doing an excellent job
it's like basically it's like the
Dignitas euthanasia clinic Trump is the
euthanasia doctor America is being
euthanized and he's doing it in a way
where it's the least amount of pain but
that's not that's not cruel
I mean he's doing as a good euthanasia
NIST he's doing things in the cruel
freeway so again you know here we are
falling behind rapidly not only in life
expectancy the increase in mortality
rates infant mortality rates
we're following way behind all of those
you know other rich nations the top 35
nations as we recently showed
we're spending more and more not only on
this military machine but wasting human
capital there are human resources
deploying people around the world to try
to maintain this Empire and it's an
embarrassing sort of spectacle at this
point as even the US Army War College
has recently said that we're fraying at
the edges is the Empire is definitely
fraying at the edges so at their height
those wars that cost five point six
trillion so far dominated US military
thinking planning and workload in a way
that is hard to overstate working from
pentagon figures the brown researchers
estimate that some 2.7 million American
service personnel passed through those
two countries in that time more than
half of them deploying more than once
officially however these conflicts were
never seen as endless wars the hope was
always that one last surge of troops
would win the day and allow a larger
withdrawal so there's always like one
more surge one more surge one more surge
here's the super surge here's the megohm
uber super surge Trump of course could
offer the best surge ever this is the
best the best definitely the greatest
surge ever Trump surge these are our
next two Trump steaks Trump surge is my
best product ever like I blame Sylvester
Stallone because of the Rambo films that
attempted to rewrite the Vietnam War and
make America the winners and this was
the 80s and Reagan trying to rewrite
Vietnam or as if America didn't lose
that war because if we admit that
America lost that war we would have to
ask ourselves why and the obvious answer
is because the military-industrial
complex as it has been called decided a
perpetual war was profitable for them
and they didn't care if they killed
58,000 Americans they were just interest
in the mill they were just disposable
but instead of coming to grips with that
real harsh reality we've said Oh merica
is never lost a war and therefore we're
never gonna lose a war let's just keep
saying
Americans into the processing path plant
and get them executed and stick them in
you know Arlington Cemetery and salute
thank you for making these contractors
rich you poor putz you know when we
drive across America we drive across
poor States poor areas poor counties and
we see graveyard graveyard graveyard
populated with dead US servicemen for
why because of the north lock Lockheed
Martin Marietta in etc got rich on these
dead Americans we don't want to admit it
well here and finally this last quote
here about the actual cost finally on
what have we actually achieved with all
this well the ever increasing demand for
military resources and a growing number
of places is causing increased concern
in the US military in June a report by
the US Army War College described
America's military clout as fraying and
bluntly concluded that the era of u.s.
global military primacy that followed
the fall of the Berlin Wall was over
America's armed forces have a variety of
strategies to tackle that decline but
the truth is that coming Wars will look
very different from the sort of military
deployments taken for granted in the
recent past let's put a link to that
underneath the video so people can read
that very important don't go away
much more coming one after the break
welcome back to the kinds of report on
Max Keiser time now to return to our
conversation with Dan Collins of China
money report calm Dan welcome back
thanks Mary
I wanted to make a point from the last
show which I failed to make and that is
that Donald Trump the President of the
United States on his visit to China he
has pivoted away from national security
to economic issues in other words
previous administrations have been
focused on national security and how
China might or might not be up turning
the global geopolitical landscape with
various war initiatives but he's saying
we don't care about that we just what
trade did we want to make peace we want
to make money how is that playing in
China I think it's very good I think
compared to the last administration as
you said the Asian pivot we announced
we're gonna move 50% of naval and Air
Force assets are outside the United
States into the Asian region with the
idea that we're gonna create this kind
of barrier print stop China from going
on we're gonna work with Philippines
we're gonna work with Malaysia we're
gonna work with Indonesia and Japan and
Korea and try to hem China in the
problem is as China is so dominant now
economically you've seen these countries
start to fall like dominoes into China's
lap as we tensioned laminal you know
both the Philippines has already gone
over Korea we put the fed missile system
in and Korean business here in China got
hammered and you're gonna see South
Korea even start to make make better
relationships with China and kind of go
away from the u.s. you're gonna see
countries all over Asia do that just out
of economic necessity China is their
largest trade partner now not the United
States we have no form of leverage to
keep those relationships outside of a
military which which China is also
quickly catching up to so I think
focusing on trade and economics in first
taking care of the American economy is
absolutely the right strategy by the
president all right so the China pivot
is dead now let me ask you a
hypothetical philosophical question here
Donald Trump seems to be doing the right
thing in helping America transition to a
new world where they are no longer the
big global economic or military
superpower and China is
so is he doing a good job helping
America transition to the 21st century
in this way damn yeah yeah absolutely we
have to get the jobs back we have to get
the tax rates down so companies will
stop leaving the United States
you know how China killed us was zero
percent tax rates I mean I've lived here
20 years they invited all the American
multinationals in zero percent tax rates
for three years after that you get
another four years of 15% then after
that you get 25% so all these
multinationals sitting ok I'll do that
with low-cost labor and a skilled
workforce or I can stay in the US and
pay out 40% to the federal government X
to the States and lo you know local so
basically we have to get the economy
from in terms of a manufacturing base
restarted now China makes more steel in
six weeks than we make all year so in
order to continue the Soviets learn the
hard way you cannot continue the
millinery military machine for that many
decades past your economy is a complete
failure
you know for the Soviet Union last about
50 years and then finally the illusion
broke down you know in the 80s and late
80s and night early 90s the United
States is heading in that same direction
we can't make anything for herself we
are completely dependent on loans from
China and then two into print money and
to buy goods from China and other
countries so Trump is right he sees the
writing on the wall we have to get that
hundred million people of working age in
the united states that don't have a job
we have to get them back in the work
force we have to get the skills up and
we have to compete real economic
realities and not to compete going on
going going forward in the future as we
talked about before our most of American
GDP a lot of it is fake you know the
health system 7017 the 20% of the of the
GDP you know it's because you get
overcharged you little cut your finger
chopping an onion and it's a three or
four thousand dollar bill for a few
stitches now that goes into American GDP
that's all nonsense you know same with
the drug prices so we don't get the real
economy restarted we're never gonna be
able to maintain the military machine
which also shows signs of a lot of waste
and abuse and just general negligence
with you look at some of the recent like
military contracts that go up on
trillion dollars on a fighter jet that
nobody likes these kinds of things
the idea
America needs to put those hundred
million people back to work and there
needs to be a reconciliation of the
trade deals etc we have to keep in mind
though Dan that China was coming out of
a agricultural society where people were
self subsistence farming in the
countryside and living on a dollar a day
you know remember China was in the third
world people were living on $2 a day so
in some way my point is that if America
is going to try to get back in the race
here then Americans are gonna have to
sacrifice they're gonna have to pull up
their bootstraps and say we need to
understand that if we are gonna pay down
these debts and avoid being taken over
by China we're gonna have to start
living on you know make do on three or
four thousand dollars a year per family
otherwise just cede to reality and give
in to your new Chinese Lords overlords
you know you know I was like America
it's not gonna make this it's not gonna
make it happen dad you don't I'm saying
yeah I mean there's big changes coming I
think you know when's the current once a
dollar finally gets the great reckoning
all of that imported product is gonna
skyrocket and price you see a lot of
inflation people be living on thirty to
forty to fifty thousand a year
except it'll feel like three or four
thousand dollars a year so you know
that's definitely in the cards but you
know you look at the workforce
culturally now America's slip so far
down the ladder the opioid crisis is
that I mean the divorce rates you
basically look at any social statistic
you know some of the biggest IPO is in
China that have launched this year have
to do with home tutoring home education
you have three-year-olds here that's
that read and write better English than
American three-year-old I mean I've seen
their textbook that's it's it's insane
they learn English here the same time
and learn Chinese now so I mean there's
just such a cultural as you said and
you're totally right max China was
starving to death in the nineteen
sixties you know I mean that's all it's
been an absolute complete 360 degree
change and but they remember those days
the guys in the 50s here remember not
having money you know not being able to
do anything being you know and have no
basically no life and you know I wear 20
years myself it's big you know the
change I've seen it's just hard to
explain but yeah so there's a you know
economically you can see we were
shifting access here on the and us is
gonna have a big changes coming in the
future I think so again it's your point
about this dollar and the role the
dollar plays and it's once the dollar
reflects the reality of the global
economy and and purchasing power for
Americans is crushed and as you point
out it'll be like living on four or five
thousand dollars a year in present
dollars if gas is down twelve dollars a
gallon $15 a gallon food is doubled or
tripled in price because all the support
from the dollars been removed and and
and let's talk about the one belt one
road you know policy which is becoming
huge as an alternative to the u.s.
dollar based global economy Dan talk a
little bit about that well this is what
America used to do is to go in and build
infrastructure right bridges power plant
this is what China's doing in Central
Asia they're already they've already got
rail lines connecting directly from
China to Europe but this is about
growing the economies in their
neighborhood so to speak you know all
the way from from the West
you know Kazakhstan Uzbekistan all the
way to to Europe you know the one belt
one road ends in its place like Serbia
you see Eastern Europe now China has a
lot influence you know in places like a
Serbia where you know they get promised
to eat to come into the EU they get
promised all this and that but actually
nothing happened and now China's coming
in yeah Greece will build your port and
restructure well we'll buy your port and
restructure it Serbia we're gonna build
high-speed rail line for you from
Belgrade to Budapest so this one belt
one road is is is introducing the RMB
it's going it and it's gonna introduce
Chinese technology which is really quite
good now
high speed rail high speed rail in China
they have more rail line high speed rail
line than the rest of the world combined
and they went from zero to that
in like six years imagine United States
trying to do that so this this is the
type of you'll forget even trying to
catch up at this point yeah Dan you
mentioned Greece a very interesting
situation there because Greece was
allowed to die visa V the troika the ECB
the EU and the IMF and we now know that
John Paulson had fun in New York
along with insiders and the Greek
government were hedging and playing
games in the credit default swap market
they made billions of dollars on
Greece's destruction and the government
in Greece it looks like they were
totally complicit in their destruction
for a few pennies then we had you know
Russia offered to step in and restore
order you know some economic lifeline
essentially to Greece we know that from
the records didn't go anywhere according
to Yanis varoufakis who's talked to me
about this that russia offered a
lifeline and then you're saying china so
what's the status because Greek the
Greek economy is still moribund it's
still completely toast what's the status
of there is China offering a lifeline to
Greece what's going on there dan you've
opened a Pandora's box
tell us more well I I know more on the
the the projects are working on an
Easterner I'm not so much on Greece I do
know the port they bought in Greece the
out the you know the throughput on that
port is up to three hundred percent and
it's doing very well and it's managed by
the Chinese shipping you know the port
company here and they've got their
people over there so they're you know
they've restructure and it's working
well in terms of Eastern Europe is the
big play and your China has had
particular meetings getting everyone
together from Poland through Serbia
Czech Republic everybody trying to build
out infrastructure you know whether it's
electric whether it's high-speed rail
and and eventually you'll see factories
moving there I mean people in Serbia now
for instance give you an example make
half of what a Chinese worker would make
this is this is the world we live in now
I mean we've totally flipped so yeah I
mean you're gonna see a lot more
Chinese power projection all over the
world East Europe definitely Central
Asia and all through the Philippines and
Southeast Asia
and you'll you'll see that and it's
gonna be through the economy you know
people want business they want better
livelihoods they don't need you know
look at Africa trying to build the
school's the hospitals the bridges
they're putting implants in Eastern
Europe and we bring drone bases I mean
so which one where do you get more
benefit what are the risks for China
that could derail what's happening there
obviously people talk about a housing
bubble that could be a problem but are
there is that a problem or not and are
there any potential you know that you
see risks that could pop up and what's
that look like them there's always risks
you know since we've been I've been
coming on your show max probably six
seven years now Chinese GDP is double
you know the China Bears have been
talking about a collapse since 2001 guys
like Gordon John wrote a book on it it
was really a childish book I mean was
nonsense the China does have risks they
they know that they address that they
have local government debt issues which
they're trying to work through a lot of
these one belt one road projects we're
gonna have to see if it turns out to
really you know that you're gonna need a
the economy is to become better to
actually have those pay off so China's
putting a lot on the line as they go
global but they have to watch their debt
but in terms of you know overall there
in terms of the you know their debt
levels aren't so high yet in terms you
know nationally they have huge FX
reserves so I would just watch the the
economies but I've been through much
worse than their there's you know the
within before so I think there's risk
but I would say it's probably 10 years
away well during the 19th century a lot
of Chinese folks South America build its
railway system maybe it's time for
Americans to ship off to China and help
them build their railway system Dan
Collins thanks so much for being on the
Kaiser report thanks max all right
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with me max guys
aren't Stacy herd we'd like to thank our
guest Dan Collins he's a must-read guy
at the China money report calm you can
reach us on Twitter Kaiser report until
next time bye y'all
