if you think Navy SEALs sound fearsome
how about the Soviet battle moose yeah
me right they've certainly began in the
media and Finland fired up although a
little bit of basic journalistic
fact-checking might save them from all
the worry
the battle moves late this initial April
Fool's article was published in the
Russian magazine Popular Mechanics is
the man behind it the photos used in
this article are partially real the
photo of the moose was taken by a friend
of mine at a moose farm one of the Red
Army soldiers is me I'm standing with my
back towards the camera on the right
having taken this photo we later
combined it with the photo of the moose
a museum has been opened in Finland this
year which is dedicated to the Winter
War and there is a hole there featuring
the combat moose I was really taken
aback because there is a line at the end
of our article saying that it is a joke
and the story was disseminated on the
internet with no mention of this this is
not even about fake news this is just an
April Fool's Day joke
