mashenka has been giving a news
conference over the downing of a Russian
plane near the Syrian coast and the
subsequent decision to Moscow to deploy
s-300 air defense systems to the country
let's take a listen now into what he was
saying we were obviously talking about
the airplane that was downed a week ago
behind the Russian airplane the blame
has been pointing at Israel and we're
waiting for a news conference for the
Russian Defense Minister over right now
and listen in
okay we're waiting for a press
conference to happen now the Russian
Defense Ministry spokesperson either
kanischev Kofi's due to give news a
conference of the downing of a Russian
plane near the Syrian coast and the
subsequent decision by Moscow to deploy
s-300 air defense systems to the country
we're going to try and cross over again
now and listen to what's been said so
then to detailed information regarding
the incident with the Aleutian Islands
that happened the night of the September
17 we directed our attention some
comments aimed at twisting the facts we
also studied the statement of the head
of the fairly army of Defense the
statement reads a difference have
sixteens chats were not hiding behind
the back we'll give you additional data
today which allows you to understand how
second-by-second Israeli planes were
there as well as the s200 style was
traveling the airspace the information
we receive from the s4 hungry trader
systems stationary may be mayor based
the resolution and the high quality
image supplied by the system allows us
to descend house one of the airplanes
who were moving but also the ballistic
missiles were traveling the airspace
this is the control indicators may mean
as 400 greater point on the right screen
you can see the indicator which stands
for the target their place in the
airspace their altitude an exact
location with the grid with the yellow
color you see several aircraft
identifies by D as 400
someone at the moon system these are
Israeli Jets they were assigned numbers
125 130 149 and 0:45 numbers are given
by the system automatically is the green
color the aircraft registered by the
Friends of whole system corrected by
Russia this is I'll 20 numbered 0 0 7
the red color Stephanie's targets
identified by the radius including
missiles shot by the air defense systems
on this screen you can see 200
surface-to-air missiles charged by the
Syrian Air Defense the number of sine
158 be ballistic target at high speed
assigning numbers and system works
automatically relying on the
characteristics of these targets you can
clearly see on the screen where a style
was traveling after shot by the air
defenses here you can see the Russian
plane and the Israeli jet so it's
clearly seen there's a trajectory those
all the way to the Israeli jet on your
left screen to see the indicators which
stand for the altitude and the distance
at which these aircraft were from the
system as you can see that's very moment
3 Israeli Jets were patrolling this area
about 7 kilometers the location of the
indicator radar screen is marked by the
yellow color we have their numbers when
I was 40 when I would thirty one more
number when I would then forty nine this
is number
stands for the Russian plane was at the
altitude between nine and 10 kilometers
Russian plane
it was just on this trajectory but
revelations 200 missile was traveling to
be jet Israeli jet numbered when I would
forty eight nine you can see that the
altitude as two hands with my cell is
roughly Israeli plane and above
Russian plane look at the next slide
please I'll record emission scores the
highest cross-section in the area that
was the tribution clouds rented you can
see these miss out first
traveling T engage mile 20 here you can
see the moment when power 20 was struck
by this missile it's 22 years I was
minutes
hiding behind Russian Wow 20 stays in
the area for patrolling to the west of
the Syrian coast another three Israeli
Jets continued to be patrolling in the
airspace to the west from Latakia on
this slide you can see how the tradition
was developing after the tragedy Russian
it want to disappeared from the radar
due to the fact that the Israeli 16 was
in that area very close to the place of
the tragedy the number of these air
targets has changed that stands for the
fact that it changed the direction I was
flight
it's altitude all these things
documented by the Raider of the s400 air
defenses in Russia colleagues the data
we present to you today they not only
show on these really air forces and
those who made their decision to
conducted operation again I'd like to
underscore that this actions September
conducted not only civil aircraft start
there so all the statements made by the
Israelis militaries that Israeli Jets
have nothing to do the tragedy which
took the lives of fifteen Russian
personnel members have nothing to do
with the reality the special briefing
which 23rd of September we laid out in
detail the information regarding the
catastrophe of the Russians our 20
aircraft near the coast of Syria which
happened in the evening of the ministry
spokesperson Igor konashenkov given new
evidence on the downing of a Russian
plane off the Syrian coast lots was said
there they showed radar pictures that
were taken from the commandment base
showing several aircraft identified as
Israeli Jets as well as where the
Russian planes were on that tragic night
the 17th of September now they confirmed
that the the ill 20 went down the on the
local time 10 p.m. there it was a
color-coded presentation and he said
that you could clearly see on the screen
the Russian and Israeli planes and it
showed three Israeli deaths patrolling
the area and the road radar showed the
moment the Israeli aircraft hit the
Russian aircraft at 2,200 and how the
situation developed after that tragedy
the MRD said that the Israeli Jets s200
hid behind the ill 20 and then that
tragedy happened
now reports are suggesting the US Deputy
Attorney General is about to leave his
position that's just days after media
alleged
