hello I'm Max Keiser this is the Acosta
report we're gonna be talking about very
exciting topics this morning in this
afternoon and this evening depending on
when you watch Stacey Max I hope
everybody's Thanksgiving was really good
and you had lots of Turkey and lots of
gobble gobble gobble gobble and and all
sorts of family and your it will be
another year before you have to talk to
your family right well you know I
remember our Thanksgiving show and you
said your favorite Thanksgiving meal was
a leftover turkey cranberry gravy
sandwich I made it some for you there in
the refrigerator for later well of
course this is the weekend of the year
in which many Americans will begin
shopping shopping shopping buying all
their consumer goods for Christmas
presents and whatnot and all the special
deals of course most of those are made
in Asia all our products are made in
Asia so I wanted to turn back to the
week before Thanksgiving when Trump went
on a five country tour of Asia it was
actually the most comprehensive tour by
a US president in 25 years so he went
there and here are some of the headlines
looking back on last week because we
also have a guest from China in the
second half and we're gonna look at
deeper into what has happened but
there's been a major major major shift
in the focus on this relationship Trump
in Asia our rebalance toward trade yes
so what has changed it is worth noting
that the Trump administration's
engagement with Asia at the presidential
and cabinet levels has matched that of
its immediate predecessor the Obama
administration and provides continuity
to America's long rebalance or pivot to
the region what has changed are the
priorities of engagement elevating
commercial issues to the same or higher
priority than security issues with
allies and partners if there is a trump
administration legacy on the
asia-pacific it might well be a
rebalance to the commercial in the u.s.
Asia relations well that's always been
the case you know foster good trade and
you have a more secure environment for
various trading partner
by focusing on security first you
actually increase the chance of more
violence between these countries so that
makes a lot of sense plus you've got
China Russia the Eurasia and Europe
coming together that's a huge trading
bloc and this is where the future is for
all global commerce and they're working
together to get the one belt one Road
initiative you're gonna stretch
transportation all across Eurasia Russia
China and so they love them over there
they love Trump they realize he's a
business person they love business they
don't get involved in some of the
sideshows well yes that's interesting
because many of the Democrats and those
who preferred the Obama administration
like instead like let's project our
military let's take control of the South
China Sea let's build more military
bases let's show these people that we
could kick right so here he's I think I
think maybe China's one belt one road or
one road one belt policy has actually
upped the game and that the way China
has operated across Africa is like their
advanced and so rapidly not only because
of past trade deals from the United
States sending all our manufacturing
over there and getting nothing in return
is that they can basically take all the
resources and of Africa but by not
taking them but by doing trade and deals
and commerce and setting up operations
there rather than building military
bases whether in Nazaire or you know
anywhere else in Africa and here he's
now focusing on trade and he's actually
speaking publicly being tough about this
what he said is that if bilateral trade
and investment agreements with the
region's countries are pursued as
vigorously as promised US Asia relations
are likely to be unusually contentious
even as defense ties are sustained while
every administration calibrates between
security and commercial relations the
Trump administration is emphasizing
commerce over defense and that's a
significant change and it is no
political bluff or negotiations postures
on no other subject has the president
been more detailed or passionate about
1,300 of 3,500 words of his
daaang speech were devoted to us Asia
economic relationships and he's saying
from now on you know the u.s. is gonna
get something back out of these trade
deals we're not just going to send you
all our jobs what I mean obviously the
US corporations do quite well out of it
he's saying like it has to trickle down
into the US trade has to come back you
know he's wise to help manage the
transition this period where the global
economic superpower becomes China and
the US falls into a second or third-tier
bracket so he's wise to you know manage
that transition and to do it peacefully
and everyone can work out as a winner in
this kind of transition obviously
China's got the resources they've got
the money they've got the long term plan
they've got political stability so
they're the 21st century winner so I
think Trump's you know making a good
move and helping the u.s. transition to
that well of course everything in the
u.s. is about the next election and the
next elections are in 2018 and we've
already covered this many times we're
talking about what the Democrats are
doing and what they're looking at and
they they seem to still think from what
my reading of the media is that they
think Putin will win it for the
Democrats if they keep on talking about
Russia Russia Russia they'll win them
for the Democrats so let's look a little
bit more at what his talk in Asia and
how that might play with people in
Wisconsin or Michigan or other places
where they used to have jobs President
Trump declared that from now on we
expect that our partners will faithfully
follow the rules just like we do markets
will be open to an equal degree on both
sides and that private industry not
government planners will direct
investment only fair our reciprocal
bilateral trade agreements will be
acceptable he said he rejected large
agreements that tie our hands surrender
our sovereignty and make enforcement
practically impossible presumably
referring to the trans-pacific
partnership from which the US has
withdrawn and wished remaining 11
countries agreed at the same summit to
pursue so those large bilateral trade
deals in which you know these it's
basically like the large tax code it's
like only the insiders only the elite
only the multinational
only the very very wealthy and the
connected know where all the loopholes
are and they get their own you know
justice system separate and above our
own for example right now you know he's
softening the ground for a deal big deal
I've said this for a few years now I
would not be surprised if a deal is made
selling Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to
People's Bank of China so then
essentially China becomes America's
biggest landlord and keeping prices down
and they'll do it in the name of jobs
and global harmony and this is I think
what we can expect in the next few years
because the u.s. is the world's biggest
debtor China is the world's biggest
creditor so you put those two together
yeah the biggest creditor taking on some
of the US debt this is a quasi
government guarantee Fannie Mae Freddie
Mac they all the people who have
borrowing money on those schemes okay
they've got Chinese landlords that's a
new global economy now he did also you
know upset the Democratic partisans
because he basically went soft on the
South China Sea he didn't press you know
there are these territorial disputes
between Philippines and Japan and China
well here's another headline relating to
that regarding the Philippines Trump
makes friends by putting America first
and ignoring human rights in Asia
President Donald Trump did not press
Philippine president rodrigo duterte on
human rights issues and the Philippines
where thousands are believed to have
been killed by the police in a region
drug war instead Trump praised duterte
and stress of the two were friends so I
mean the interesting thing about this is
forget like our own drug war here and
how many people are incarcerated and
thrown into the prison industrial system
but you know they're pressing on the
Philippines and it looks like he's
following the Philippines lead so
basically the u.s. relies on the
Philippines and their bases and the
Philippines to project power and their
region but the Philippines because of
its location in the South China Sea and
in the Pacific and its utility as a host
a massive US military bases serves as a
regional stronghold of US influence
which many see is having too
find in comparison to a rising China but
in 2015 the the Philippines were handed
a World Court they said that yeah they
have the right to the territorial
dispute they're trying to loss but
Rodrigo do tear it came in to power and
now he he just said he he basically said
I don't want to fight over this when
China push to territory by announcing it
would develop islands just outside the
Philippines maritime borders the brash
Filipino back down what do you want me
to do declare war against China he said
I can't we will lose all our military
and policemen tomorrow and we would be
destroyed as a nation so you know he
just returned to the negotiating table
and just did they're doing deals because
you know people want to just move
forward and progress they don't want to
get stuck into a conflict over little
pieces of land yeah as you point out
it's a waste of time for the u.s. to
lecture any country on human rights with
the prison industrial complex as you
mentioned biggest largest incarceration
rate in the world some people liken it
to a continuation of Jim Crow and
slavery because it's a way to keep the
black population and enslaved with
prison labor so why waste time even
trying to take that position just do
deals open golf courses get the trade
flowing and this will you know tamper
down there's yadi ism because they'll be
too busy on the back nine you know with
a double nassau bet against their friend
muhammad winter in a few bucks so they
can go downtown and have some fun
smoking a hookah pipe they don't need to
be warring on each other maybe can all
get along on trump's golf course yeah
but this whole focus since that whole
third way tony blair bill clinton sort
of politics where everything is about
this notion of human rights and our
perception of what human rights are and
our perception of how people should run
their culture and blah blah blah but in
the meantime i want to turn to this
chart from the economist and perhaps
this might actually ultimately be more
important because what about the respect
and dignity in of your own population
long live and prosper the economists 35
rich countries us versus south korea but
all these little blue lines are other
rich developed nations and what it shows
that orange line is the u.s. the blue
dark blue line is south korea female
male and
you see is that the US for women for
women's life expectancy by 2030 will be
the lowest of these 35 like the second
to lowest of these 35 nation's richest
nations South Korea is eating our lunch
that's in like these people are
prospering and living longer why aren't
we where are the ones banging on over
and over about all these everything but
the economy and that's what people want
to be able to talk about not that human
rights aren't obviously important but
you know maybe releasing these 3 million
people in the prison system here is an
you know is an issue that should be
addressed by human rights but the fact
is we see in the results that you know
the declining life expectancy of
Americans should maybe be addressed to
life expects life expectancy falling
birth rates declining or birth fatal
fatalities mortality rates all women
giving birth yes all across the board
you have these key metrics that are
calculated by various world
organizations are declining in the US
and we don't have kimchi yeah you know I
don't know what's intention but
apparently the South Korean eat this
stuff it's like vinegared it's gross no
it's not good for you I think currently
it makes you though invigorate it I'm
gonna get some kimchi and live another
10 years yeah but you know in those last
few moments here I want to say that
while we're banging on about human
rights this seems like a human rights
issue that Americans are living not as
long as I don't like that's the point
that I missed this is a human rights
issue I was fumbling around in the dark
looking at these charts thinking about
kimchi and I missed the point your point
is this is a human rights issue people
in America are dying early they're dying
in childbirth they're uneducated they
can't go to school they can't get health
care what the freaking we knew a
lecturing these other countries when
they can't even have that stuff here why
why why
so just do deals maybe to look at
yourself rather than projecting about
what other people are doing wrong
maybe it's time these charts would
suggest that maybe somebody has to care
about us you know in America it's not
like we're always busy
worrying about everybody else maybe look
at ourselves that's my finest well
that's fine very well was phrased but
don't go it much more coming away after
the break welcome back to the Kaizen
report I'm Max Keiser time now to go to
Shanghai and speak with Dan Collins of
the China money report.com
Dan welcome back Amex alright Dan cause
it hasn't got much coverage on the US
news but it appears uncle Trump was
actually a big hit in China tell us
about it
yeah he was treated like royalty here I
mean it really rolled out the red carpet
big trade deals announced he got this
diamond Forbidden City I think it was a
really good visit you know President
Trump was you know a little bit you know
Stern with them you know way down from
his campaign rhetoric in China but it
all knows it was it was a it was a big
trip he got a lot of respect you compare
that to when Obama came last time for
the g20 summit
you know they forgot to give him the
staircase at the Air Force One and they
didn't roll on a roll out any red carpet
so it was a kind of really a big
contrast in terms of presidential visits
here so Dan Trump's popularity in China
is up and China is the number two or
number one biggest economy in the world
right now the US media likes to slam
Trump does it really matter if the US
media slams Trump because Trump is the
global negotiator in chief he's cutting
deals with China in other countries
around the world does it really matter
what the US media thinks at this point
Dan I don't think it does I don't think
it does the Chinese or the the
policymakers here in fact there was a
good article that came out by a
professor from Renmin University who
said and also an advisor to the Chinese
you know leadership he said China now
abused the United States as the divided
States and you have to realize what
we're dealing with and he went on to
mention he said the pro-establishment
elitists in the United States their
criticism of the president Trump is is
completely irrational in
non-logical and and we have to view that
from that perspective that was quoted in
the even in the China Daily here in
English so but it's it's quite an
interesting reaction here yeah I guess
if Americans want the benefits of the
China trade they need to stop the the
the the objection Astoria folks that are
getting in the way with all that you
know in Washington who are creating a
problem there so now a viral video in
China of Trump's granddaughter sounds
pretty interesting we I didn't hear
about it until recently
she's a media star in China damn yeah
her video went viral I probably had four
or five people that day asked me about
it did you see the video they win all
over the social media platforms like
WeChat basically her singing in a
traditional Chinese song and she was
wearing a traditional Chinese Qi Pao and
she when she sang it but that was kind
of the big takeaway of the visit and it
was kind of uh you know the Chinese
would very feud that very favorably or
they really like that endeared the Trump
family I think the Chinese you know Dan
I have a theory I want your comment on
it it's a pretty you know out of the out
of the you know normal thinking type of
theory but America is the biggest debtor
in the world China's the biggest
creditor in the world is it possible
then we might see at some point a deal
where the US government under Trump
sells Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to
China and therefore China becomes
America's biggest landlord as a way to
address the debt problem the currency
problem the dollar problem etc it mean I
realize it's a bit of a an idea I put I
put this on Huffington Post about six
years ago I saw the future is this so if
you think this is a wild idea or does it
have some possibility down well in
particular to Fannie and Freddie I think
I don't think Chinese would want to take
on that kind of a bankrupt outfit
however as you mentioned the economy why
is the the economics positions have
already flipped at China's the world's
largest creditor there's a report that
surfaced this week which I've been
talking about here on the show and also
writing about China has cities now there
are as large as countries economically
speaking you know you have
Jinjin now is equal to Sweden in terms
of GDP chengdu is equal to Norway and
with a 306 billion dollar GDP cities
people have never heard of Hong Kong as
a GDP that's bigger than New Zealand so
we saw the singles day that just
happened
I mean Chinese we talked before on the
show digital payments are 50 times
larger than United States but now their
online retail is six times what United
States did Alibaba and JD combined this
week on the single stay holiday here
1111 did 40 billion dollars in sales
compare that to last year's Black Friday
in cyber monday combined where only 6.8
billion so you literally have seen on
China has become a consumption
powerhouse not only just a production
power also the economic scripts have
switched the United States is being that
has been industrialized is it's constant
it's just living off debt and printed
fiat currency and everything has been
turned over to the the banking system so
the you know what what's in store in the
future is just gonna get more of this
unless us can get smart all right so the
policy in China for years was a
self-imposed middle-class austerity
because they pegged the the currency to
the dollar as a way to make sure that
all the products that they were
exporting to the US didn't come back to
them in the forum of inflation as those
dollars and yen hit the Chinese economy
they recycled those back to America and
kept the country on a starvation mode
for a few years to kill the American
manufacturing capacity and now that
America's manufacturing capacity is dead
it sounds like they're hitting Stage two
of their policy they're now going to
allow some inflation they're gonna allow
this middle class to rise they're going
to be the world's biggest consumer now
that deferred the the deferred
gratification if you will has now
kicking in to the gratification of now
becoming the world's biggest consumer
does this also mean that we're going to
start seeing world-beating Chinese
brands you know we haven't seen Chinese
brands really the Chinese coke the
Chinese night
the Chinese Netflix always assistant
knew we're gonna start seeing
world-beating Chinese brands now that
they are gonna be the world's biggest
consumer market damn I think eventually
you'll see that I think the first time
with the lei I think you just coined it
really well China is coming into phase 2
now that phase 1 was all about ketchup
learning how to you know make all this
stuff and due to that China in in China
here I'm talkin one has a reputation of
poor quality
everybody loves foreign brands I mean
the cut the foreign companies like Mike
we're just selling billions of dollars
here you know every year I mean they're
just booming so but it's so the brand
wise here they're not so strong but you
see that attempt to catch up what they
do now is a buy brand so you saw G Lee
bought Volvo and now they're selling
hundreds and hundreds of thousands of
Volvo's in China using a foreign brand
to sell in Chuck into their own market
so we're seeing that we've gone through
the stage where they're buying form
brains they'll continue to try to do
that and I'll take all those trade
surpluses and buy anything left in
Europe in the United States and has
economic value Dan tell us about you
know Trump's visit of course tell us
about some of the deals that he did what
does it say about us soft power I think
we covered that a little bit but can you
tell us about some of the actual deals
that took place with Trump in China yeah
they're so they're talking about deals
250 billion dollars in deals some Boeing
airplanes I think the interesting point
there was the new oil and gas it seems
China is interested in US shale
production and coincidentally you know
when you're running a $550 trade surplus
with the United States importing oil
makes a lot of sense because you can
quite quickly bring down that trade
deficit so I think that was the most
interesting one it took but yeah there
were a lot of deals announced or 250
billion I think Trump announced 300
billion all through Asia a most that
today so yeah I think it's just the
start
Trump also said we're in for a long
trade fight we've got to match up duty
rates we can't continue to have 0% duty
rates for your products and you have 40%
duty rates for art so this Chinese
economic Merril miracle has all been
behind the strategy of a mercantilist
economy where they do things for
themselves first they have had big high
tariffs duty wall you can't
come in here and set up a car plant you
have to have a joint venture partner
right you can't just come in the banking
sectors close the oil and gas is closed
there the telecom business is closed
there are so many businesses that are
off-limits
and so that they've grown their economy
behind these huge tariffs trade walls
and non-tariff trade barriers meanwhile
the American economists are still over
there sucking their thumbs talking about
free trade when free trade doesn't exist
and I would point I would challenge all
American economist and policy makers
how many more Detroit's do you need
before you wake up at that point is
well-known dr. Paul Craig Roberts and
others have come on our show and other
shows and talked about America's
sacrifices manufacturing capacity and to
China and China has clearly been pegging
their currency to the dollar and in this
mercantilist grab for global
manufacturing domination but you know
we're in now phase two and so they're
gonna get some inflation in China and
they've got this program called made in
China 2025 which I guess speaks to that
but what are they going to do about the
dollar because the dollar is still the
world reserve currency and they need to
escape the dollar to really triumph and
take over the global economy what's the
People's Bank of China the PBOC doing I
know they're buying a lot of gold it
would suggest they might be setting up
for a gold-backed currency maybe
aligning with Russia to do that which is
what I'm hearing what do you hear over
there down well as you mentioned gold
there's I think there's multiple
strategies on that strength standpoint
number one is they're gonna
internationalize the renminbi they've
been doing the put gold into people's
hands they've been doing it for seven
ten years now you know you can go buy
gold at any bank in China gonna bank
accounts in gold but really the part I
think the big focus now is the renminbi
internationalization or also the petro
yen you know they're converting oil
sales into UN the whole belt and road
strategy is gonna be you know borrowing
RMB build up infrastructure you know
they're gonna control central asia in
east asia economically everybody's
already within the grips that's why
you've seen Phil
being said they've walked away from us
they said China were with you you know
help us build our economy so they're
gradually becoming the regional power
and economically the global power but
the internationalisation their armies
the new thing you know the dim sum bonds
they're trying to internationalize this
and that the big stretch you know
there's 30 countries not holding RMB as
a reserve asset and it's just gonna
continue to grow from here you're gonna
see international RMB to compete with
the dollar and I think my estimate by
2025 2030 when we get in the United
States when we get to 30 40 trillion
dollars in debt and that's when the the
games up right so to put that into
context the US is currently just under
or about 20 trillion dollars in debt so
you're saying when we hit forty to fifty
trillion dollars in debt and any hope of
ever being out of debt is permanently
put out of reach then China simply walks
in and takes it all yeah yeah yeah all
right well yeah can you hang on for a
second segment yeah absolutely all right
all right cool well that's gonna do it
for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me max Kaiser and Stacy herd we'd
like to thank our guest Dan Collins at
the China Monday we report calm gonna
reach us on twitter it's Kaiser report
until next time bye y'all
