let's go back to our top story from
central London Oxford Street chief
station has reopened we are told after
it was evacuated over reports of shots
being fired
London Police say their operation has
finished - they say they have found no
casualties or suspects Bond Street
Station has also been reopened but let's
say go live to the scene and speak with
Easter Ally our correspondent who's been
there for the last hour or so for us you
said just bring us up to date them
because it seems like police winding
things down
yes Andrew at around 20 to 5 there were
reports of reports of gunfire coming
through from Oxford Circus station and
we've smoked some eyewitnesses in the
area who said that they saw hundreds of
people streaming running out of Oxford
Street after psycho station and down
here into Regent Street
now of course to put this into context
today is Black Friday which is one of
the busiest if not the busiest shopping
day of the year many sales are on many
people trying to get those deals before
the Christmas holidays and so people
here really busy really busy area tens
if not hundreds of thousands of people
would have been in the immediate
vicinity of the station and so what
happened was those people were evacuated
from there other people were being told
by police to run into various shops
screamed at to go into different shops
and to take cover and then we had heard
from the Metropolitan Police who said
that they were treating it as if it was
a terrorist incident but as we've heard
since then they've now stood down the
incident and said that they found no
deaths or injuries actually we did hear
of one reports of a minor injury but
that was somebody who got injured in the
panic trying to flee from the station
but which would really highlight exactly
how nervous things are here in the
capital especially this year seeing a
number of terrorist attacks take place
in London which of course have people
I'm very nervous but one eyewitness we
spoke to said actually the way the
police responded to the incident made
people more nervous and panicked by
screaming at them so he said that there
they should have perhaps exude a more
calm but in any case what was fair to
have possibly been a terrorist incident
here at option circus looks now to have
been a false alarm
as these roads which were cordoned off
about 20 minutes ago are now open with
shoppers again trying to
Christmas holidays okay thanks Easter
that was that Easter alley there for us
in the center of London so the streets
seem to be reopening and the alarm seems
to be receding let's get the views now a
former British army intelligence officer
Chris hunter he joins us live to discuss
what's happened over the last hour a bit
further
Chris good evening right there you are
good to good to have you on look we were
just discussing there the police
response I mean when you when you look
at it it was very rapid and
comprehensive wasn't it it was yes and
of course you know the police in our
security services we look at potential
targets all the time we look at certain
days of the year we look at the
likelihood of certain events being
targeted and certainly what we saw here
was Black Friday as your correspondent
mentioned you know one of the busiest
shopping areas in Europe on this
particular day of course it's a
high-profile target and we know that
they're obviously Islamist extremists in
particular but who are looking to target
crowded areas mass purple areas so it
was certainly viable but it was really
good to see the police response was
instance it was in Myra's it might be
certainly measured a proportional and
you know there are four key priorities
preservation of life preservation of
property preservation and collection of
forensic evidence and the key one
restoring the situation to normal as
soon as possible which is exactly what
they've done so I think you know it's
quite a good response the concern now of
course is the ramifications and the
implications around the rest of London
and the transport system and of course
the economy on such a busy day yeah
Chris I supposed to it does reflect
doesn't it how nervous the country is
it's still on you know a high state of
alert to with relation to terrorism but
I think you know the key phrase that
some you know the authorities used and I
certainly subscribe to is you know be
alert but not alarmed business as usual
but of course people have to be more
cognizant of the threats it would be
naive and foolish to know to not be so
but also you know I think people have to
get on with their lives and we've got
Christmas coming up today is the other
day that many people go to them actually
begin or you know consolidate their
Christmas shop and
the points I mentioned earlier about the
ramifications you know we and we saw
bond streets close we saw Oxford Circus
close you know they are on very very key
routes for you know citizens traveling
around the year the capital we've seen
Canary Wharf Europe's largest financial
district was closed and certainly about
15 minutes ago before this broadcast it
was still closed and that has
ramifications of course as well so you
know the importance of you know a
measured proportionate response which I
felt was very very good if you have to
shout at the population if you have to
shout as citizens and crowds to get them
to move and to instill that sort of
sense of you know Drive amongst them
I certainly do subscribe to that but I
think the key point is you know they
very very quickly discounted the terror
threats and they've sure just on that
point Chris I don't know if you heard
that comment that our correspondent got
from a member of the public who was
critical of the police saying the police
shouting at everybody seem to make
matters worse and sort of made people
panic a little bit and there was
according to reports a bit of a stampede
to to get out of the tube station is
that fair comment do you think the
police could be more calm no I mean I
think you know it's very very easy to
criticize from the comfort of an
armchair or a studio but you know the
person on the ground is a different
situation and certainly I've been in my
military experience in situations where
I've been dealing with crowds of very
panicky very concerned people were
worried about their lives where there's
bomb disposal or hostage rescue
operations and sometimes you've just got
to grip them you've got to be firm got
to be assertive because that's the only
way to elicit a response because you've
got to get the people out of there as
quickly as possible
and if you can't find the harm and
remove the harm and you've got to remove
the innocent people from the harm and
from the threat and that's exactly what
they did and I certainly you know come
in them for its do you think the public
I know it's hard for you to say exactly
but do you think the public will be
feeling more secure having seen the
police response or perhaps more
frightened about doing their Christmas
shopping
well I'm in London right now other than
the the streets being very packed and
congested with traffic you know people
have gone back to business as usual I
think you know we're a were an island
nation we've um you know we've been in
conflicts for many many years there's
only one year in the last sort of
hundred years or certainly since the
Second World War but a British
servicemen hasn't been injured or killed
in conflicts around the world you know
we're used to this sort of thing we're
used to conflict but most importantly
we're used to normal everyday living
than anyone else two pantalones so I
don't think people necessarily scared
and panics I think you know this will of
her certainly sent us a shot across the
bow it'll make them more aware of the
potential threats but most importantly
you know with the exception of the one
you know possible injury that we've
heard of from the lady being evacuated
its I think it was a very very good
response people reacted and responded
well under the circumstances I think the
police did very well and most
importantly it's business as usual we've
gone back to restore the situation to
normal as quickly as possible and I
think people can go about their business
now you know it you know in relative
comfort and safety
okay let's hope that it remains the case
Chris nice to talk sure we'll leave it
there that was Chris hunter former
British army intelligence officer thank
you
