let's get the thoughts now aside at
least he's a Middle East analyst and
author - and he joins us good evening to
you welcome to RT thanks for coming on
just in your opinion then how crucial is
this agreement that was reached by
Russia Iran and Turkey well I think it
is highly crucial and it's extremely
important because there are three main
forces which have prepared the ground
and paved the way for an end to this
dramatic war which has been ongoing for
seven years are actually at the front or
at the forefront of pushing for it they
are Russia Iran and Turkey these are the
major players who tackled head-on and
their intervention were was absolutely
crucial effective and efficient we seen
the Russian Air Force taking ISIL apart
and delivering devastating crucial
crucial support and backing to the
Syrian army we've seen also the Iranians
throwing their weight behind the
legitimate government and we've seen the
Turkish and intervention to actually
calm down the opposition group so these
are the three major players we've seen
that the Russian intervention is truly a
game changer in stark contrast to the
American intervention which was at the
beginning simply aimed at containing and
keeping ISIL as a credible viable threat
and we've seen other at the very end
American actually using ISIL as foot
soldiers shielding them sheltering them
according to the BBC and shifting them
to fight another day in Abu Kamal and
that would basically reinforces the term
if ISIL is fighting against Russia Iran
and the Syrian government they are
actually good ISIL if they are fighting
against the American allies that is
Saudi Arabia and others than they are
the bad ISIL and they need to be wiped
out and that's why we are hearing about
mattis that is the American defense
defense minister saying that the
Americans have to stay there in order
they've changed and they shifted the
goalposts and this time is not fighting
ISIL but
simply to stabilize the whole area that
is a political process and they wanted
similar to Iraq that's the excuse as
same excuse
and they shifted it in Iraq from this
nation-building to actually again
socializing the whole area and in slide
very vague mysterious no specifics how
do you think the Americans then will
react to these trilateral talks that
have been taking place and the movement
to the next stage is the three countries
involved have said it's time for a
political settlement it's time for
America Syrian national dialogue
Congress where all-inclusive talks for
all political parties to try and find a
solution how do you think America will
will respond or think about what's been
said in Sochi I do believe that they
will try their absolute best they they
won't leave a stone unturned in their
efforts to actually suffer that and
Torbett torpedo that initiative because
it doesn't serve that Empress and that's
why they're talking about preserving
their military presence shoring it up
and building it up in both countries
that is in Iraq and also in Syria under
the excuse of stabilization when we can
clearly see that it is in their interest
to weaken the central governments in
both countries we stabilize the whole
area and so can stand set up the
sectarian and ethnic tension in Iraq and
also stoke instead up and ignite the
ethnic tension between the Syrian
defense forces who are predominantly
Kurdish and the Arab majority in that
country and that's why they are
hell-bent steadfastly determines to stay
on and the different excuses they do not
want to stabilize the area they are the
ones interested in actually weakened
central governments and creating the
conditions and actually capital
capitalizing on those conditions to
ensure that they can use it to bolster
and intense and consolidate their
influence okay I said that I thought I
can restore the power in this vital area
okay I certainly take your opinion on
that but let's get back to the talks
that took place today and this sort of
political agreement they hope to put in
place to find
as they say a political settlement it
all looks good on paper doesn't it but
practically speaking how difficult will
it be to get something like this to work
well definitely they need to get all the
the important and crucial parties on
board that is they need to get everybody
to agree to start talking everybody to
give up relying and actually trying to
push for more power and more territory
and actually to agree that there is no
end to the less say of the military of
there is no crucial and insight there is
no military winner but it has to be
sorted out and settled through political
dialogue and there are parties who do
not accept the realities on the ground
they still want to change them and those
who are spearheading that actually drive
are still the Americans they are not
convinced and still they're cerruti who
come out as the major losers in that
let's not forget it wasn't as matters
claims the authority vacuum that
actually led to the existence of Isis it
was the enormous support and backing
that is the financing arming logistical
support that the Americans themselves
that is Biden have acknowledged and also
Clinton have also confirmed saying
billions of dollars have been
transferred to create ISIL and jabhat
al-nusra which is another affiliate of
al Qaeda and unless those parties are
convinced that there is no military
solution and they have to admit that
they have actually been defeated in that
fight and V it is up to the Syrian
people who actually determine who is
their president and who is going to
leave them and to confirm that those
parties are not really freedom fighters
that is jabhat al-nusra and ISIL there
are radical extremists who adopt the
same ideology exported and propagated by
the wahhabis establishment which is
based and we are so unless all parties
agree to that and
a resort - toril ranked and sitting down
discussing their the hola soupy side
then we won't have a settlement we're
gonna have to wrap it up there but
appreciate you come on - Artie thanks
for your thoughts that was Ida Lisa
Middle East analyst and author - thank
you
