well in neighboring Germany that
collapse of coalition talks in the
country has plunged it into its worst
political quagmire in years now the
leader of the free Democratic Party
whose walkout derailed the negotiations
has ruled out resuming talks once again
Kristian lidner blames partner parties
of betraying their principles to secure
power the dogs I the threat is don't
take it personally when conservatives
enter into false compromises with
socialists and don't stay true to their
core beliefs
now the Greens are no socialists it's in
the Christian Democrats are no longer a
Conservative Party but you've got to
watch out regardless but there's more
optimism from the party secretary
general who says there is a chance of
further talks but only if Angela
Merkel's Christian Democrats and the
Greens changed their stance now those
three parties would have formed what's
described as a Jim Maker coalition based
on their logos colors and it was seen as
Angela Merkel's only viable chance to
form a majority government now though
Germany's in limbo awaiting either a
minority government or another election
here's how a former German ambassador to
Russia describes the impasse
this is a situation which we didn't have
so far anytime in post-war German
history
we always had a stable government and
now we have to look that is the the
parties that which have been newly
erected elected to the Bundestag our
federal parliament in September they
have somehow to sit down and hammer out
a new government and that can only be a
coalition government because there is no
party which has an absolute majority
with the Greens alone she couldn't do it
and this is why it was a triangular
negotiation period with the Liberals in
addition to that but as a matter of fact
this has found that so now one has to
look out for a new possibility and there
are very serious discussions now going
on in the social democratic party and
they renounced a rich like immediately
after the election result came out that
they were not willing to continue in
government but they wanted to go into
opposition now there are strong voices
within the observable Democratic Party
that they should reconsider and that the
option of the grand coalition is not off
the table presently the game is open to
for a renewal of negotiations between
the Christian Democrats and the Social
Democrats actually I'm convinced that in
the end new talks between the Social
Democrats and angular Merkel's party
will at least be started what will come
out of it one cannot say it
