the Lebanese Prime Minister has
announced he's putting his surprise
resignation on hold that's after the
country's president asked him to
reconsider
I discussed today my resignation with
the President of the Republic who asked
me to wait before submitting it to put
it on hold and to allow for more
consultation into the reasons behind it
I comply
now I'm bringing our guest Jamal became
professor of history and international
relations at Lebanese University in
Beirut good to have you on the program
mr. Joaquim now just two weeks ago we
were reporting how Hariri had stepped
down he didn't want to be the Prime
Minister anymore now two weeks later
he's put his resignation on hold do you
think with all this flip-flopping going
on do you think he remains a credible
prime ministerial figure well I believe
that in spite of the latest development
and his retreat of his resignation I
believed that his figure got damaged a
lot he received a severe blow especially
that the Lebanese public thinks that
Prime Minister Hariri was humiliated in
Saudi Arabia he was forced into this
resignation and had it not been for
Egyptian intervention - let's say I
alleviate and smoothen saudi
intransigence mr. Hariri would have
remained in Saudi Arabia and would have
stuck to his resignation because the
Saudis wanted to erupt a crisis in
Lebanon at a time when they were losing
influence in various arenas in the
Middle East whether in Iraq Syria Yemen
or elsewhere so that's why they this
move was a desperate move by them and
they thought that this could also
encourage Israel into attacking
Hezbollah in an attempt to force
Hezbollah and Iran out of the Syrian
arena
so through this I believe that the
Egyptians had
reservations also the French had their
reservations because they don't want a
crisis in Lebanon especially that this
crisis would mean the the that we will
have like 1 million Syrian refugees
going to Europe which would worsen the
situation that especially after the
latest wave of exodus that happened last
year and caused political instability in
European in the European Union well if
that is the case if it is like you say
Saudi Arabia wanted Hariri to resign
because there of their own agenda
now hurries put his resignation on hold
what's the next step going to be for
Saudi Arabia well I believe that Saudi
Arabia got convinced by the Egyptian
leadership that its move was a wrong
move and it backfired on Saudi Arabia
itself that's why we see that there was
a reconsideration of Saudi Arabia's
decision to force Prime Minister Hariri
to resign his position however I believe
that the March 8th coalition that
consists of Hezbollah and its allies was
also conciliatory say it Hassan
Nasrallah the leader of Hezbollah for
example and all his speeches related to
the crisis in Lebanon was conciliatory
and I believe that they will try to
endorse at Hariri
in order to prevent other radical
figures from within the future movement
who are backed by Saudi Arabia from
getting into the forefront so I believe
that their choice is to endorse a weak
Prime Minister and try to support him
would be better for them than having
like a radical like Ashraf Rafi or for
the Sania as prime minister but I
believe that this will also backfire in
the near future on March 8th coalition
and on the president of Republic
especially in the upcoming legislative
elections okay on that note Jamal came
professor of history
and international relations at Lebanese
University in Beirut thank you for your
time
