the upper house of the Russian
parliament has voted to adopt a law on
foreign media operating in Brescia
Medina Conover has the details the upper
house of the Russian parliament this
Wednesday approved the law on foreign
media working in Russia now under this
new piece of legislation any of foreign
media which receives funding from abroad
could be asked to register as a foreign
agent and as soon as this media is given
this new status the status of a foreign
agent should use a special disclaimer in
its work and it will also be obliged to
a file reports on its funding to the
Russian government now next step for
this new law is that it should be signed
by the Russian president now this
particular move to introduce this new
piece of legislation was a made in
response to the recent demand coming
from the US Department of Justice that
RT branch working in America RT America
should register as a foreign agent now
RT America followed that demand and
registered last week but that happened
after months of pressure and being
blamed for allegedly meddling in the
2016 US presidential elections however
all that time there was no real evidence
provided that it did take place now this
demand coming from the u.s. parked a lot
of debate within the Russian government
and the government said that there will
be some reciprocal measures introduced
very soon and this is exactly what we
see at the moment
