but there are still six months to go
until Hungary goes to the polls in
parliamentarian elections but things are
already getting heated the government's
claiming the billionaire George Soros is
trying to interfere in the country's
internal policies but Soros who was born
in the country is fighting back Samira
Khan has the story billionaire George
Soros versus Hungarian Prime Minister
Viktor Orban well the two seem to be at
war much - two large bodied predators
are swimming here in the water this is
the trans-border empire of George Soros
with tons of money and international
heavy artillery
what Hungary's health care and education
systems in distress and corruption rife
the current government has sought to
create an outside enemy to distract
citizens the government selected George
Soros for this purpose well orb√°n once
received a Soros grant to study at
Oxford so what made him turn against the
billionaire and why can't the Open
Society Foundations founder and the
Hungarian leaders stand each other first
Soros funded NGOs in 2016 alone his
organization spent 3.6 million dollars
on 46 different groups in Hungary and
here are the findings of a few of those
groups stated quite clearly in their
reports now the refugee crisis is
another reason why Orban dislikes Soros
the billionaire has called on Europe to
accept a million refugees annually
something the Prime Minister believes
will only make things worse
Orban's party has even accused Soros of
masterminding the --use entire refugee
policy days before a recent immigration
decision in the European Parliament
Soros was meeting with the Rapporteur on
the subject as well as five different EU
commissioners I'm not a conspiracy
theorist but this holds some clues now
Soros denies the allegation calling it a
deliberate lie and the third reason
Soros has been very outspoken in his
criticism of the Hungarian government
admiration for the courageous way the
Hungarian people have resisted the
deceptions and corruption of the Mafia
state that Albarn has established
because of all that Orban has a personal
battle against Soros launching a
nationwide television and billboard
campaign against him back in July and
his opponent was quick to respond
accusing the Hungarian prime minister of
anti-semitism
the campaign is reminiscent of Europe's
darkest hours
the NGOs there are some good ones but
there are very many of them that act as
a fifth column to undermine the
stability and integrity of the countries
they act as sort of an internal
Intelligence Agency that it is always
there when the time comes to overthrow a
government you can count on it that
there will be an immense amount of money
that will be spent against Prime
Minister or or bond and against his
party
well the feud between Orban and Soros
seems to be turning increasingly ugly as
Hungary's April general election edges
even closer
