now the former Bosnian Serb military
leader rad Camilla ditch has been
sentenced to life in prison by the UN
tribunal in The Hague the 74 year-old
was found guilty of genocide and crimes
against humanity during the Bosnian war
in the 1990s the court convicted
Miletich of 10 of the 11 charges he
faced among them he was found guilty of
genocide in the village of svabrin itza
that was when up to eight thousand
Bosnian Muslims were slaughtered by
forces under the generals control Serbia
while condemning the killings he never
has never accepted the official
definition of genocide well let's
discuss this further now with political
analyst John of Bosnia sure mr. Bosnia
thank you for joining us on the program
so is this a verdict that you had
anticipated this verdict was anticipated
even before the court was formed during
the civil war in Bosnia the the European
powers which were backing the Muslim
side and backing the Croat side were
calling general Ericom logic a war
criminal even before the court was
formed to try him he was never given a
presumption of innocence even from the
first day when are you surprised that
the trial lasted as long as it did well
you know if you're going to try and fool
the people it sometimes takes quite a
lot of time to do it so you you draw the
trial out you let both sides appear to
have had a fair trial you let them
present evidence you disregard the
evidence that that shows that the
accused party is innocent you refer only
to the evidence that is proven in
various documents to be untrue and then
you convict them so what we have here is
not the delivery of justice through a
lengthy and detailed trial but a very
complicated and purposely drawn-out show
trial to keep the name mulatto general
Milotic in the news for the better part
of a decade
to thereby demonize the entire Serbian
people military was accused of crimes
against humanity it's very high-profile
case are you confident that all of those
who committed such crimes during the war
in Yugoslavia have been brought before
the tribunal well that's the that's the
best question the the point is that the
tribunal was a one-sided let's say tool
of the NATO powers the purpose of the
tribunal was to find one side guilty and
that we knew that that was the Serbian
side because they were accused of being
war criminals long before the court was
even formed so the there's no surprise
about the way it was done what is
surprising is that anybody anywhere
expected even a slightest chance that
general knowledge might be acquitted
that I'm sure no normal rational person
could have expected and not because he's
guilty but because he was determined to
be found guilty even before the first
witness presented any evidence so so
long as the public knows that there was
no other possible verdict even if the
man were innocent then that's fine the
NATO powers have had their show trial
we've had the media report up on it we
know what the media are we know
especially what the mainstream media who
pushed this case are they've been
described by the US President as the
lying mainstream media well Chuck one
more up to them another lie yet
perpetrated through the instruments of
the court and a lying media but I can
tell you that here in downtown Belgrade
in the main Central Park in the city
there are rows of stands for tourists to
buy things and among the things they can
buy our t-shirts with general mulatto
cheese face on them and Generals hats
that of the type exactly worn by general
Mladic and I can tell you that later
today there's going to be a run on those
stalls and you're going to see young
children aged 10 and 12 years old buying
those t-shirts and buying those generals
hats the same generals hat that NATO
commander-in-chief Wesley Clark put on
his head when he exchanged hats with
general Mladic
if Wesley Clark
a fellow general was welding was willing
to put on the Hat of general melodic and
be photographed arm-in-arm with him in
the fellow generals hat doesn't that
tell us a little bit more about what the
reality is here war is hell and it
doesn't matter which side you're on
you're going to be killing people the
war was promoted by the West the West
pushed the Muslims into the war they
provided them with weapons they backed
them through the war and the lying media
delivered the verdict now we're just
doing the autopsy on death the on the
death of justice not on the conviction
of general melodic but on the death of
justice political analyst John Bosley
thank you for speaking to us on RT
International
