College was indicted on the 24th of July
in the 16th of November 1995 yes your
honors I would like to place on the
record information that I believe was
provided to you that mr. Monica's blood
pressure was read three times during the
break
the first reading I believe is 175 over
96 the second reading done by a nurse
was 180 over 80 and after a 15-minute
break a second reading done by a nurse
was 180 over 80 according to both the
American Heart Association and the
United Kingdom cardiovascular
Association that is called hypertensive
crisis and says consult the doctor
immediately under those circumstances
the defense asks that your honors either
halt these proceedings or we waive
reading of the summary and pronounce
your judgment so that we can lessen the
risk of further harm to mr. Monica's
health given this extremely delicate
situation with his blood pressure that
we already have a medical opinion states
could lead to a fatal condition for him
we have to emphasize that twice the
reading was confirmed at 180 over 80
which you could look on the internet
this is the ready era the right area
that's right there at the very top end
of the crisis area according to the
United Kingdom and the American Heart
Association's thank you your honor and
sit down please mr. miletti system
knowledge to sit mr. mr. Vladeck if you
could if you continued like this mist
we we we adjourn we adjourn mister we
adjourned we adjourned mr. bladedge will
be removed from the courtroom mr.
melodic is we adjourned
it's curtains down mr. Millar each will
be removed from the courtroom
