now the Kremlin has revealed details of
an unannounced meeting between the
Russian and Syrian presidents on Monday
it took place in the Black Sea resort of
Sochi now this meeting had been kept
well under wraps and it was a quick one
at that but the two leaders had plenty
of time to talk business and the two
confirmed that the military operations
in Syria looked to be coming to an end
which would of course be a historical
turning point in the conflict in Syria
at this stage especially after victories
against terrorism we are of course
interested in advancing the political
process you just mentioned the
conclusion of the military operation and
I think that the problem of terrorism is
global we're far from defeating it
globally but when it comes to our
operation against terrorists in Syria
our military operation is indeed
concluding now just two years ago Syria
was overrun by ISIL but at this point
they've been outed from all major towns
and cities and really are just clinging
to a few small villages at this point
and so the focus is really turning
towards the future this was of course
the second time that Assad has visited
Russia to sit down and talk with Putin
about the conflict in the course of the
country's 6-year civil war now the first
visit came in 2015 just after Russia was
asked to help in the anti-terror efforts
in the country Assad stated that he is
now ready and willing to work with
anyone and everyone whose goal in the
country is peace and settlement the
recent creation of de-escalation zones
in the country was again hailed as the
first steps towards getting to beginning
a conversation with the opposition
groups in the country which of course is
pivotal to ending the conflict Putin
also said that Russia is counting on the
UN to actively participate in the final
steps of settlement of the settlement of
Syria he also said that he'd be on the
phone later to Donald Trump and other
regional leaders to update them on what
was discussed with President Assad and
of course it's also important to note
that Moscow will be hosting a Syrian
summit in Sochi tomorrow with officials
from both Iran and Turkey who of course
spearheaded those ever more important
de-escalation zones in Syria that says
Moscow will
in you to play a key figure in mediating
a way forward in Syria
we asked Middle East expert Allie risk
about what Assad's visit means and the
context of the situation in Syria I
think that the one important part
fundamental part of the future of Syria
would be a role for President Assad you
know this this visit reflects or
indicates that Assad the President Assad
will continue to play a major role
that's contrary to the expectations or
the hopes of some certain other sides so
I think it's a way to tell President
Assad that he's a major player in the
game that any consultations will have to
take his perspective into consideration
in other words Russia recognizing the
important role President Assad will play
especially at this phase as we see the
degradation and the defeat or the
imminent defeat of Isis and the
terrorist groups
