now talks between would be ruling
coalition partners in Germany have
entered a three Merkel's CDU party the
greens' and the Free Democrats are
trying to form a so called Jamaica
coalition as their combined colors
resemble that country's flag but the
parties still appear far from a deal
with crucial EU decisions frozen or they
make up their mind as artis Peter Oliver
explains Angela Merkel missed an
important u summit in Sweden on Friday
as she struggles to form a government at
home or the excuse she give for not
being in attendance hasn't gone down
well with some across the continent as
well Angela Merkel is distracted here in
Berlin major new projects of ground to
an almost standstill without Chancellor
Merkel's full backing the ambitious
pillar of social rights plan which was
launched in Sweden on Friday hardly
landed with fireworks
then there's brags that where there's
little chance of trade talks that Teresa
may want so desperately getting under
way before there's a government here in
Germany the same goes for eurozone
reforms that were put forward my French
president Emmanuel macron it's worth
noting that those EU members would have
had to wait for coalition discussions to
start here in Germany while the Free
Democrats argued that they didn't want
to have to sit next to anti-immigration
alternative for Germany in the chamber
but when talks began they certainly
haven't been plain sailing the deadline
was set for Thursday evening but that
has been and gone and those talks are
still going on it's not going to be easy
it will certainly be difficult but it's
worth negotiating a second time I'm
going to shower for an hour and a half
and then I'm going to go on TV and try
to make a good impression and spread
optimism the idea is that the government
will be a coalition of Merkel's
Christian Democrats and their Bavarian
sister party
well as the environmentalist Green Party
and the pro-business Free Democrats to
achieve it they have to overcome some
major divisions like the upper limit of
asylum seekers allowed to arrive in the
country and refugees family
reunifications plus the use of coal the
Greens want to seriously cut it while
the Free Democrats say that could harm
the economy it's expected that some sort
of deal will be struck eventually but
there's also rumblings of fresh
elections should the divisions between
these parties prove to be too wide Peter
Oliver RT Berlin media note the clocks
are ticking with the parties still at
odds political scientist and CDU party
member Verna Pat Searle says the EU will
simply have to wait till Germany is the
most important power of the European
Union the European Union certainly
cannot move without Germany and for
Germany to move or to push for with the
European Union or to start pushing it
forward
whatever Germany is in need of a stable
government so far we have no stable
government therefore all European
business has to wait until Germany's
ready again to be an active player in
the European game we will simply have a
situation that other than in the last
decades
Germany is paralysed itself which is an
exceptional situation but since Angela
Merkel is contributed there are much to
this situation well it's up to her to
find a way of muddling through September
scandal-free election campaign and vote
was dubbed one of the most boring in
recent times however Merkel's possible
coalition partners are perhaps more
interesting than they might seem
