arrogant an undemocratic that's how the
French president's political movement
has been described 100 members of his
centrist political group are resigning
after publicly expressing contempt for
its policies and actions
Charlotte Dubinski spoke to us earlier
on the details it's only six months
since Emmanuel macron came to power in
France on the back of a wave of his new
movement or Marsh but already the shine
of the young French president and his
political revolution is fading 100
members of what is now la rep√∫blica
mosh say they're quitting the party
because the party which promised
democracy isn't they say democratic and
they say it's arrogant the movement
launched by Emmanuel macron in April
2016 started with the slogan the French
people should be at the heart of
political life not his decor now the 100
of us can't stay with a movement or
party without a clear political line and
that has failed to be based on the
pillars of democracy denying with
arrogance and contempt the intelligence
of the people the party leadership has
dismissed these resignations which come
as it prepares for its conference on
Saturday it points out that 166 thousand
have joined in the past six months
saying some join some leave and that
itself is democracy however while it's
easy to dismiss a hundred resignations
thousands of ordinary citizens keep
voicing their anger on the streets of
France again and again just on Thursday
there were major protests held by the
trade unions in France who are furious
with Mekons reforms of the working
directive and the latest polls suggest
just how unpopular mr. Mackin has become
meanwhile mr. Mack gone who's been
accused of being the president of the
rich says
doesn't know what that means and says he
is the president of all French citizens
while the protests on the streets are
nothing new and a hundred people leaving
his own party may just be a drop in the
ocean the reality is that many people in
France are becoming incredibly unhappy
with the young Jupiter who had promised
so much when he came into office
Charlotte divinsky RT T on Ville
