now with the proxy war between Saudi
Arabia and Iran intensifying the Israeli
Defense Force has offered to start
sharing intelligence with Riyadh while
to explain the significance of this we
join now by Easter Ali who's in our UK
office good evening to you
Issa just experimenters do apologize in
Beirut for us we should say just explain
to ascertain the significance of this
yeah the weather is much better here in
Beirut than in London essentially what
it means is we have the chief of staff
of the Israeli military and what he's
saying is that these all will be willing
to share intelligence with Saudi Arabia
because they have this mutual threat
that they see as being Iran and of
course this is something which has been
a common thread in Middle Eastern
politics for the last probably 10 years
perhaps longer but this is the first
time we're really seeing this coming out
into the open in fact this has been a
trend which has been going on for a few
years now but now it's becoming more and
more obvious so more and more open that
Israel and Saudi Arabia want to
cooperate and push back against what
they say is Iranian expansionism in the
region and this chief of staff now his
his comments are quite interesting his
name is Gaudi
isin cots and he says that where
possible Israel and Saudi Arabia will
share intelligence he also says that
Iran must pull back what he calls their
militias from places like Syria Iraq and
of course in Lebanon but here in Lebanon
the situation is far more complicated
you have Hezbollah who are the perhaps
the more militarily powerful group here
in Lebanon but they're also a political
party they have MPs and they have
ministers within the government as well
and so what has essentially happened is
in the last few days the attempts to try
to pressure the Lebanese into putting
pressure on Hezbollah has actually
United the country and of course we've
seen in the last 12 days or so the Prime
Minister Saad Hariri rather bizarrely
announcing his resignation
from Saudi Arabia and it's his party
which has traditionally been supported
by Saudi Arabia but in the last few days
even those members of the Lebanese
Parliament's and the political landscape
have been calling for him to return to
the country because there have been
suspicions he's being held against his
will in the last day or so an invitation
has been extended by the French
government and Emmanuel macron to sad
Hariri to visit Paris and it's thought
that that's perhaps the first stage of
this whole crisis being resolved and
it's actually been welcomed by the
Lebanese president Michelle Allen who is
a Christian but he's in an alliance with
the Hezbollah party and so it seems like
that attempt by Saudi Arabia to try to
force the Lebanese people into putting
pressure on Hezbollah seems of backfired
and the people here in Lebanon are
expecting mr. Hariri to return to the
country they say hopefully within the
next few weeks okay so thanks for
breaking that Dame for us that was at
ISA rally in Lebanon for us thank you
