world is descending on New York for the
73rd UN General Assembly with the main
session kicking off on Tuesday the
general debate as it's known is not so
much of a debate but rather an
opportunity for representatives to make
a speech on the most pressing topics and
it seems Donald Trump is playing the
headliner role and as anticipation
around his performance builds RTZ
Granoff looks at what we should expect
this year in the global political circus
Trump has taken it upon himself to be
the greatest showman or Jester depending
on what side of the fence you're on and
on Tuesday the curtains will rise and
the spotlight fall on Trump taking
center stage at one of this year's main
spectacles the UN General Assembly he's
got a couple major possibilities really
to help illuminate for the American
people what America's place in the world
is president will preside over the
Security Council I am sure that's gonna
be the most watched Security Council
meeting ever
well Trump's theatrical debut at the UN
G last year provided a taster of what
the US president is capable of it is a
massive source of embarrassment to the
United Nations rogue regimes represented
in this body the Iranian government
regime dictatorship of Nicolas Maduro
dictatorship in Cuba stabilising regime
criminal regime of Bashar al-assad
regime
Rocket Man Rocket Rocketman is on a
suicide mission for himself United
States is ready willing and able to
totally destroy North Korea totally
ready willing and able to destroy
totally destroy North Korea major
portions of the world and conflict and
some in fact are going to hell his
escapades divided many and left few were
indifferent and in the build-up to this
year's Trump looks ready to outdo
himself once again he will head the UN
Security Council meeting on Iran next
week that's while his lawyer said this
so I said it to the Iranian government
you must be true
afraid of being overthrown I don't know
when we're going to overthrow them it
could be in a few days months a couple
of years but it's gonna happen they are
going to be overthrown juggling two jobs
it seems the president's law end of
freelance foreign policy advisor though
at least he seems inspired by his boss's
remarks threat posed by Iran whose chief
exports are violence bloodshed and chaos
all nations of conscience must work
together to isolate Giuliani's stunts
triggered some emergency damage control
protocols in Washington how seriously
should they take the Iranians when they
hear the president's close advisor Rudy
Giuliani saying there's going to be
regime change look the United States is
not looking to do a regime change in
Iran and all that as the u.s. continued
to bully to Iran over the nuclear issue
but Trump insists he's playing the good
guy and means well I look forward to
being at the United Nations next week
we're going to make a speech we're going
to have many meetings a lot of good
things can happen the UN though could
take that with a pinch of salt for the
international body good things meant the
u.s. ditching UNESCO attempting to
discredit the International Criminal
Court and learning they're not so close
when it comes to freedoms the United
Nations is not a friend of democracy
it's not a friend to freedom it's not a
friend even to the United States of
America whereas you know it has its home
and it surely is
not a friend to Israel and it's not just
the UN that wants to get on the same
page as Trump it's also Russia China
North Korea about the rest of the world
really and on Tuesday the US president
will have his best chance to explain
that he's not just a gung-ho diplomat he
always says he's gonna do good things
before he does some catastrophic
decision I think his tactic may have
worked in a few cases you know maybe in
North Korea it got North Korea to soften
up its stance on on its nuclear testing
and it's icy ICBM development because
it's so outrageous but if you do that
too many times and you threaten you know
to break all the China in the shop and
then you don't do it then after a while
it starts to be seen as Bluff and he's
probably getting to that point where
most people see it as Bluff and respond
to it accordingly instead of panicking
you
