the US is pulling the plug on funding a
program to clear unexploded munitions in
Cambodia the country is one of the most
littered with mines and other explosives
some of which are the results of the war
in neighboring Vietnam when the u.s.
dropped more than 2 million bombs on
Cambodia locals say Washington has a
moral duty to help clear the remnants
which still have severe consequences for
the population
they just decided to cut at to Seema so
I have no word to say but you know this
this is very disappointed decisions
they have moral obligation where they
drop a lot of bombs in Cambodia kill
many Cambodian people's destroy Minh is
Cambodian religious houses school or
many facility including
during the first phase that the u.s.
dropped bombs people were evacuated from
this village the second time they drop
small bombs the blue-and-white
plastic-covered bombs which burned all
the bamboos that was the second phase
during the third phase when all of the
people fled they dropped bigger bombs
such as b-52
we thought she was just born with that
condition as we know now it was from
those chemical weapons in the past we
only drank water from the smoke pots
even the skull was not fully developed
in the arm didn't fully develop either
before I didn't really get mad until the
US Embassy announced that it was because
of the tear gas then I got mad
