the United Nations Human Rights chief
has called the EU helping Libya to
intercept migrants and return them back
to camps in Africa an outrage and
inhuman now this comes amid a UK think
tanks report claiming that the EU is
effectively making criminals out of
those trying to help these refugees by
classifying their humanitarian actions
as trafficking or smuggling well one of
the volunteers mentioned in the reports
a 50 year old guy former British soldier
called Rob Lurie he hit the headlines
back in February when French authorities
rounded on him for trying to help a
two-year-old and her father illegally
cross into the UK they were living at
the time in a sewer pipe that notorious
Calais jungle captures of course knocked
down when they were eventually
discovered by mr. lorry he told us a bit
more the story I was building shelters
there and she used to help me for many
weeks and you know months building
shelters until one day I found out she
had family who lived literally two miles
from myself and I decided to you know
with you know a little bit I decided to
try and get to her family it was quite
obvious they you know I didn't do it for
money it was quite obvious I didn't do
it for you know any political gain or
anything
it was quite obviously a purely did it
out of the humanitarian desire to help
this little girl the French government
and the three judges in the court saw
this for what it was they viewed it as a
stupid act by an ex-soldier that act
almost landed in five years in prison in
fact before his punishment was reduced
to a 1000 euro fine and called a crime
of compassion by the media Rob Lurie
again spoke to us about a possible
agenda now from the French authorities
would
that if they were to stop aid workers of
humanitarians going to hell then that
would force refugees either back or
fossum away unless you've actually lived
among refugees and heard some of the
stories you can't really understand why
they would want to come over you know to
European Shores the refugees watch which
I've met these you know these are
escaping you know severe you know real
wasp let's look at what's happening with
governments around the world at the
moment
best take Donald Trump's America Shelley
Donald Trump is trying to eternalize
America within itself coupled with the
fact that Donald Trump is completely out
of his depth with any kind of knowledge
of refugees around the world the
situation is going to grow and it's
going to grow what we realize that you
know something has to be done
