a UK maths teacher has been suspended
from work and could lose his job after
referring to a transgender student as a
girl when they identify as being a boy
that's despite having apologized saying
it was an accident
well we can cross live now to the
teacher in question though Joshua so
cliff Joshua we're very welcome to the
program thanks for taking the time to
speak to us first of all can you talk us
through just what happened during that
particular class the particular class I
welcome to all the students in normally
and as you'd expect the student in
question came in did very well and I
said well done girls
you've started really well and I was met
with a fierce rebuttal and I sincerely
apologized I didn't found out six weeks
later that I was going to be under
investigation for a misgendering within
the community initially for one day that
transpired to be two days and then three
days and then it's now been six days
where I've been sat in a in an office
not being able to teach my maths lessons
so that is the reason they were saying
you were suspended misgendering mr.
misgendering was the allegation and yes
Joshua I'm just looking at the event
yeah I'm just looking at some of the
media reports there's been so much
coverage on this over the last number of
days some are saying that on a number of
occasions previously you called the
pupil a girl and avoided using pronouns
such as he and him instead using as she
or her in reference to the child how do
you respond to that I would always try
and refer to the student by name and I
don't remember any other of these
allegations I don't remember
that was the one that was the formal
time that happened and I I said let's
apologies but those other allegations
that's just not the case so would you
normally say to other students in the
class you would call them by their name
instead of using he or she for other
pupils yes of course I do because I
teach two hundred students but I know
them all by name and you know I want
them to know that I know them and want
them to do well how do you react to two
accusations of bullying as has been
suggested in these reports well yeah I
think I've been bullied really for you
know for who I am within the school
setting up a Bible Club and then it
being shut down with an iron fist really
after mentioning in you know you know
having so many people coming along to
the Bible Club and being interested in
the Bible and I feel like I've been you
know discriminated against within the
community and I think that's a trend
nationwide is that Christians aren't
able to you know live out their faith in
a professional setting their husband
Joshua so much reaction to this both
supporting you and against you in terms
of other teachers after school and other
parents have you heard from them what's
been the reaction to you from them well
with regards to the other teachers I
wasn't I wasn't able to talk to them or
allude to them exactly what the
allegation was I I did tell some
teachers that there was a but you know a
dialogue going on between myself and the
head teacher over the school I don't
remember the second part of your
question sorry in term in terms of the
of the parents because we know that one
of the parents of the children who used
spokes who brought the the allegation
against you
have you heard from other parents yeah
you won't have to look far at all to
find parents that have loved me being
this child's math teacher and you won't
have to look far to find students that
love me being their math teacher that
I'm well respected within the community
I think yes they do all know that I'm a
Christian but they also know that I'm I
long for them to do well in exams in
tests and to succeed in the classroom
and as I say you won't have to look far
to find a whole community that would be
saying that
so you believe there is a bias because
of your Christian faith in the school
what are your expectations then from
from the upcoming disciplinary hearing
Joshua well with how things are going at
the moment I'm becoming more and more
pessimistic about that outcome obviously
I would just like to for for dignity and
respect to be upheld and for people's
convictions
to be upheld within you know within a
professional setting has this affected
your desire to be a teacher in the
future
I love to teach I love to teach and I
pray that you know there'll be a school
that would be willing to hire me and
they'll does see that I do all things
excellently in terms of the way teachers
not just yourself speak to students not
only in your school er in the UK did you
get any any training any advice and how
to do that well I think there's there's
a movement by Stonewall to get some of
this Latino stuff into the staff
training but I don't think it's being
you know rigorously tested as something
that works so I think it's something
that probably needs to be discussed at
the highest level you know within Ofsted
within policies politics and you know
hopefully this one minor incident brings
this to the forefront of people's minds
and perhaps just listening to Joshua is
another teacher somebody else in a
different position in a different
profession in a similar position what
would you say to them if they find
themselves perhaps not able to speak the
way that they want to speak because of
either their faith or something else
what would you say to them that just get
on with the job now because of what has
happened to you or stand up for your
beliefs even in a professional setting
which might raise some opposition well
what we're going to come up against is
that we come into a society where if
you're offended by anything you know you
can make a report and you know somewhat
of a hecklers veto you know you can if
some if someone causes offence then
you're you know you're able to report
them and so on so I think it's not going
to be going in the right direction I
think you know I think we can all speak
freely within the context of respect and
dignity and I think as long as there's
an understanding that we're acting in
love and
compassion for one another as people
then I think will have a stronger
Society
