now saudi-led air strikes have targeted
the defense ministry in Yemen's capital
sana local media and eyewitnesses say
that at least two airstrikes have been
carried out according to our RT arabic
correspondent and about a dozen houses
were also hit in the bombardment
civilian casualties are feared as some
of the buildings have collapsed
eyewitnesses also described massive
explosions in warplanes flying over the
city this comes after Saudi air defenses
intercepted a ballistic missile fired
from Yemen last Saturday aimed at the
International Airport in Riyadh earlier
on Friday a senior US Air Force official
said that a ballistic missile fired by
Yemeni rebels and targeting the Saudi
capital last Saturday originated in Iran
ever been Iranian markings on those
missiles that's been demonstrated and
there are pictures that depict that so
to me that connects the dots to Iran in
terms of who's supplying this missiles
and that capability authorities are now
investigating how the missile was
smuggled into Yemen which is under an
extensive arms embargo currently Saudi
Arabia earlier accused Iran of direct
military aggression by supplying
missiles to ruthie rebels which Iran has
denied we do not even have the ability
to transfer missiles to Yemen it's their
missiles and they've managed to increase
the missiles range political commentator
and writer Abdel Abadi odd one thinks it
is too soon to make any conclusions
about the origin of the missile
I wouldn't be surprised that this
missiles was manufactured in Yemen
itself the way Hamas is reassembling and
manufacturing missiles by the Iranian
technologies we haven't seen any proof
yet it could be part of the American
incitement against Iran are we going to
witness some sort of attacks against
against Iran are we going to witness
some sort of attacks against it's
actually military arms in Lebanon which
is Hezbollah in this case we don't know
yet but it is it is very very
significant moves from the American side
in particular
