CIA anti-torture whistleblower and
frequent RT yes John Kiriakou was
invited to speak at the EU Parliament on
national security whistleblowing but he
was removed from the panel at the very
last moment and the police to say that I
can speak now to John kyriaki himself to
shed some light on the story a pleasure
to speak to John just take us through
them what happened there and while your
appearance as I understand that the EU
panel didn't go through right I was
invited to speak on two separate panels
at the European Parliament day before
yesterday and the first one included a
representative of the Bernie Sanders
organization people for Bernie
unfortunately that representative said
that she could not appear on a panel
with me because I'm associated with
Sputnik radio and she didn't want the
appearance of Bernie Sanders appearing
to endorse the Russian media and so I
was removed from the panel no one ever
asked my opinion or anything they just
removed me from the panel and then one
of the Greek members of the European
Parliament instead did a one-on-one
interview with me for Greek national
television I did appear at a panel later
in the afternoon with the Cuban
ambassador to the European Union and
several other MEP s but that first panel
I did not participate in so as I
understand it was fellow activist Winnie
Wong who said she wasn't allowed to be
on the same panel with you what was her
reaction to that yeah yeah I laughed
when she first said it because it was so
ridiculous that I thought she was joking
and then she walked away and one of the
aides handed me an updated schedule and
my name was was not associated than with
the first panel and I said so what am I
supposed to do she won't appear on the
panel with me so so I'm taking off the
panel and instead they took me to a
television studio to do this Greek
television interview how do I thought it
was a joke I mean how do you feel about
this what do you think about the fact
that you can be scrapped from the panel
because there's one person or so doesn't
want to appear with you well you know
that that's politics in America right
now
isn't it where where everybody blames
the Russians the Russians the bad guys
for absolutely everything and and they
feel like they can't even risk even a
tangential association with the Russians
or with anything Russian for fear of
being branded by their political
opponents it's ridiculous it smacks of
the 1950s to tell you the truth it seems
to me the logical thing to happen in
this situation if someone has an
objection to somebody else appearing
alongside them whatever the merits of
their argument is if you know if I don't
like somebody it's my choice to step
down not to have them replace what's
happened to freedom of speech here
exactly exactly what happened to freedom
of speech you know I wish that I had
better understood what was happening as
it was happening but like I said a
moment ago I thought it was a joke in
the beginning and before I could even
process what was going on to object the
decision had been made to remove me and
it wasn't until I was doing the
television interview that I finally said
to the MEP wait a minute did I get
thrown off that panel and he said well
we didn't want to make a problem with
the other guests and and I thought wow
okay well American politics rears its
ugly head even in Brussels but how's the
actual reason for it been explicitly
said to you yes Wendy Wang who's the
representative for people for Bernie
said that she had run the idea up the
flagpole which means that she consulted
with her superiors and the superiors
told her she said that while they were
supportive of me as a person as an
individual and supportive of the fact
that I blew the whistle on the CIA's
torture program the fact that I was now
associated with the Russian media meant
that they could not appear on this panel
with me it's quite remarkable seems to
me there's no limits now to the toxicity
of anything connected to Russia and one
commentator has dubbed this Russia gate
which and striking again I mean would
you agree with that is that is it that
simple if you're associated with Russia
you're tainted by association yes I
think that's exactly
what's happening right now in the United
States and the thing is is we're at the
very beginning of this whole process
this is only going to get worse as we
move our way closer and closer to
national elections here whether it's the
2018 congressional elections or the 2020
presidential elections it's like a Red
Scare all over again where people are
going to be accused of being in the
pocket of the Russians that if you don't
participate in this mantra of the
Russians being behind every problem in
the United States you're weak on Russia
and you're unamerican and that's what
we're seeing now being being laid as
groundwork I mean I don't want to over
it overstate this but I'm working for RT
I understand I kind of have a sense of
what you're going through here I mean
are we going back to the days of
McCarthyism here is it you know watch
out for the Reds under the bed isn't
that bad yet or is it heading in that
direction
it's not that bad yet but I believe that
it's heading in that direction the odd
thing about this is that it's now the
Democrats that are leading this charge
it's the it's the the people who who
call themselves progressive and liberal
that are leading this anti Russian
charge and and they're the ones pointing
fingers we see it in the mainstream
media we see it on CNN and Fox and MSNBC
it's not the Republicans so it's like
role reversal compared to what we saw in
the 1950s the obvious question is at
this point how far can you go telling
the public one thing without backing it
up with any kind of evidence because
there doesn't seem to have been any
evidence anywhere along the line to kind
of to back up any of the accusations be
it against the Russian government be it
against our team be against anybody
associated with Russia such as yourself
how far can they go without actually
stumping up some evidence well you know
that's probably the single most
important point and and this is
something that I say all the time and
forgive me if I sound like a broken
record but the intelligence community
and the CIA director over the last
several years they've told us that there
was no torture program we know that that
was a lie they told us that there was no
extraordinary rendition kidnapping
program that was a lie they told us that
there was no secret prison system that
was a lie they told us that they had not
hacked into the
Senate intelligence committees computer
systems that was a lie now they tell us
that Russia is behind Trump's election
and Hillary Clinton's loss they provide
no evidence they tell us to take their
word for it well why in the world would
we take their word for it when
everything else they've told us is a lie
another development on t america has
been ordered to register as a foreign
agent i mean it's it's basically been
accused of trying to interfere in the
election and trying to favor one
candidate Hillary Clinton now if that
was true I would want to know that I
want to know if an organization you know
I'm kind of associated party America via
RT International I would want to know
the truth but there's no evidence put
forward I just wondered what your take
was on that story
no no literally zero evidence no
evidence whatsoever this is very simply
a brash political move being pushed by
the Democrats and now by extension by
the Justice Department to silence RT and
this has nothing to do with the fact
that that RT is a representative of a
foreign government there are lots of
different organizations here in
Washington that are representatives of
foreign governments I mean nobody has
yet pointed the finger at AIPAC for
example or at CCTV or the BBC the BBC is
owned by the British government this is
very specifically anti-russian it has
nothing to do with the news and instead
it has only two to do with domestic
American politics
I'm very sorry you've been caught up in
all of this tainted by the Russian
Association but thanks so much for
coming onto RT and telling us all about
it my guest John Kiriakou former CIA
analyst and my pleasure
